Not to be confused with Obstruction of justice
Obstructionism is the practice of deliberately delaying or preventing a process or change, especially in politics.[1]
As workplace aggression [ edit ]
An obstructionist causes problems. Neuman and Baron (1998) identify obstructionism as one of the three dimensions that encompass the range of workplace aggression. In this context, obstructionism is "behaviors intended to hinder an employee from performing their job or the organization from accomplishing its objectives.".[2]
In politics [ edit ]
Obstructionism or policy of obstruction denotes the deliberate interference with the progress of a legislation by various means such as filibustering or slow walking which may depend on the respective parliamentary procedures.
As political strategy [ edit ]
Obstructionism can also take the form of widespread agreement to oppose policies from the other side of a political debate or dispute.
Mass media [ edit ]
In September 2010, Jon Stewart of The Daily Show announced the Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear, an event dedicated to ending political obstructionism in American mass media.
"We're looking for the people who think shouting is annoying, counterproductive, and terrible for your throat; who feel that the loudest voices shouldn't be the only ones that get heard; and who believe that the only time it's appropriate to draw a Hitler mustache on someone is when that person is actually Hitler. Or Charlie Chaplin in certain roles."[3]
Tactics [ edit ]
The most common tactic is the filibuster which consists of extending the debate upon a proposal in order to delay or completely prevent a vote on its passage.
Another form of parliamentary obstruction practiced in the United States and other countries is called "slow walking". It specifically refers to the extremely slow speed with which legislators walk to the podium to cast their ballots. For example, in Japan this tactic is known as a "cow walk", and in Hawaii it's known as a "Devil's Gambit". Consequently, slow walking is also used as a synonym for obstructionism itself.[4]
Notable obstructionists [ edit ]
John O'Connor Power, Joe Biggar,[5] Frank Hugh O'Donnell, and Charles Stewart Parnell,[5] Irish nationalists; all were famous for making long speeches in the British House of Commons.[6] In a letter to Cardinal Cullen, 6 August 1877, The O'Donoghue, MP for County Kerry, denounced the obstruction policy: "It is Fenianism in a new form."[7] The tactic deadlocked legislation and 'the autumn Session of 1882 was entirely devoted to the reform of the Rules of Procedure with a view to facilitating the despatch of business.'[8] Sir Leslie Ward's "Spy" cartoon of John O'Connor Power appeared in Vanity Fair's "Men of the Day" series, 25 December 1886, and was captioned "the brains of Obstruction".
Two other famous obstructionists are Jesse Helms and Mme Flemington.[9]
Newt Gingrich brought obstructionism to the United States Congress "crippling the congress" in an attempt to make the minority rule.[10]
John Boehner "chalks up their theatrical obstructionism to the reality of being minority leader" further developing obstructionist tactics.[11]
Mitch McConnell has been accused of obstructionism for their tactics during the Obama administration.[12]
Chuck Schumer has been labeled as obstructionist for similar tactics during the current Trump administration.[13]
References [ edit ]
Jane Stanford, 'That Irishman The Life and Times of John O'Connor Power', Part Two, 'Parliamentary Manoeuvres', pp 77–84, 'A Change of Government, pp 105–107.
The Denver Broncos' famously loyal fan base showed signs of splintering along political lines Monday as fans stampeded social media and the Broncos' phone lines to register disgust with 32 players' decision to take a knee during the national anthem before Sunday's game against the Buffalo Bills.
“They don't have the right to express themselves freely when people died for (them),” said Leonard Rowe, 79, of Denver, an Army Corps of Engineers veteran who served in Korea in the early 1960s. “I'm not going to any more games after this whole situation, and as far as I'm concerned, the Broncos and the whole NFL can go to hell.”
“Time to turn the TV off for a bit!” wrote Denver Twitter user Zach Fischer, in response to a Denver Post article about the protest during the national anthem at New Era Field in Orchard Park, N.Y. “It falls on us fans to make a stand as well for what is right.”
Echoing debates across the country, Broncos fans voiced both disappointment and support for using nationally televised games to protest President Donald Trump's recent comments urging team owners to fire any player who “disrespects our flag.”
“I'm done!” Denver resident Jim Rudy, whose military-veteran father has held Broncos season tickets since 1969, said in a phone call to The Post. “Go Raiders!”
A Broncos fan for 40 years, today was the saddest. Not because we lost, but because we lost our dignity before it even started. — Brian Frick (@brianfrick7) September 25, 2017
Jerry Lauritzen, a disabled Air Force veteran who lives in Thornton, took down the Broncos flags outside their house after switching off Sunday's game in anger, according to a report from KCNC-Channel 4. Lauritzen has been collecting Broncos memorabilia since 1964, but plans to donate all of their jerseys, coats and other gear to a used clothing store.
“The Broncos will see a 30 percent decline in sales and support over the next several weeks, due to their unpatriotic and embarrassing antics Sunday in Buffalo,” predicted reader Randy Stewart in a message to The Post's tip line.
“We were season ticket holders for years,” wrote Greeley resident Linda Winter on Twitter. “Kneelers are an embarrassment. What's wrong with Elway?”
Talk of boycotts was common on Facebook and Twitter on Monday, with some fans asserting the best way to send a message to the Broncos' head office is by hurting their bottom line.
“I've been trying to get through to (Broncos general manager John) Elway, and they won't even give you their line because there's so many people calling, ” Rowe said. “It's up to the owners to address this. And if they don't put it together, nobody's going to go to the games and their source of revenue will get cut off.”
Broncos officials said Monday night that out of 22,000 season-ticket holders representing a little more than 70,000 seats, none have asked for a refund, according to the team's ticket office.
“We have received calls and emails from fans expressing many different viewpoints on the events of the last few days around the country,” said Patrick Smyth, the Broncos' executive vice president of public and community relations. “We appreciate the feedback and have responded to as many of them as possible.”
On top of that, a KOAA-5 report that Broncos star Von Miller had lost their Phil Long Ford endorsement deal Monday because of the protests was disputed by the dealership.
Ratings for Sunday's game were up compared with the previous Broncos game, a Cowboys matchup that Denver won Sept. 17. That game drew a 36.6 rating with a 67 share on Fox in Week 2 of the NFL season, according to CBS Sports. The Broncos-Bills game Sunday drew a 37.7 rating with a 70 share on KCNC-Channel 4.
A rating point represents 1 percent of the total number of households with televisions; share is the percentage of TV sets in use at a particular time. Related Articles September 24, 2017 Von Miller among 32 Broncos players who take a knee for national anthem
September 25, 2017 Trump relishes feud with the NFL, reviving issue with tweets
September 25, 2017 Von Miller didn't lose Phil Long Ford endorsement deal
Preliminary ratings for NFL games televised by CBS on Sunday were up 4 percent vs. Week 3 of last year, according to a tweet from ESPN sports business reporter Darren Rovell. The CBS pregame show had its highest viewership in seven years, they added.
Nevermind those ratings bumps, some Colorado fans said. They're finished with the Broncos for good, and there's no going back.
“I've always thought the Broncos were sheep,” Commerce City resident Michael Van Metre wrote on Twitter, identifying themselves as an Army veteran who served from 1969-75. “But never figured they'd prove it to fans.”
For others, the fallout from the protests is an opportunity to score coveted tickets to games at Sports Authority Field at Mile High.
“Any NFL Bronco season ticket holders who are turning their backs on them … feel free to send me your season tickets,” wrote Jennifer Breitenstein Giebel on Facebook, in response to a Mark Kiszla column in The Denver Post in support of the players' protest. “I would be a kind neighbor and take this tremendous burden off your hands. It is an extremely difficult task to watch a silent protest but I can handle it for you. Thanks in advance.”
More reactions:
I hope more people leave so I can finally get season tickets. Thanks trump. About the only time I'll thank you — SMcC (@michaelstevenmc) September 25, 2017
I took my jersey off today I am going to burn it they lost many Broncos fans today. I am a mother of a fallen soldier.
You disgust me — Leslie Recio (@leslielr61) September 24, 2017
https://twitter.com/TrevorCofer/status/912106184387235840
This proves that I did the right thing. I didn't watch it and will not watch the Broncos or any other NFL product. — Wesley Dorries (@DorriesWesley) September 24, 2017
What we played
12 demos, with 15 minutes of gameplay on each followed up by 15 minutes where we could gather our thoughts, write up notes and speak to developers. This is what we played, in the order we played it in. All of these titles will be available for SteamVR at launch.
Tiltbrush
Not really a game as such, a more interactive VR art tool, created by Google. The toolbox and palette are held in the left hand, colours and creation modes selected with the right. Painting is carried out with the right hand. There's a selection of 3D environments in which to paint, plus a showcase mode that allows you to view other people's creations, and watch them take shape from scratch at 10x speed. This isn't just a VR art tool, it has the potential to be a full virtual reality art gallery.
Space Pirate Trainer
At a basic level, I-Illusion's offering is Galaga in VR, with a twist - the player is situated on a dais, blasting at incoming waves of enemies, gun in right hand, shield in the left. The shield can be swapped out by reaching over your shoulder, giving you a second gun. The Vive touchpad allow you to change shooting modes - rapid fire and precision rail-gun modes are available. For those of us of a certain age, it'll take you back to 80s arcades playing Space Harrier - the gameplay is simple, but the overall experience is remarkably immersive. A great achievement for a development team of just three people.
Job Simulator: the 2050 Archives
This game, created by Owlchemy Labs, can only work in VR. In the future, robots do all the hard work but the human population is bored - so they're tasked with simple, fun, slapstick jobs. I played in the kitchen, knocking up bacon and eggs, tea and crumpets and a smoothie. This game thrives on physical interaction with the environment, appliances, and ingredients. It's infectiously fun and hilarious to play.
Arizona Sunshine
Vertigo Games' offering is effectively Virtua Cop in VR with a survival horror edge - you traverse various stages in Arizona, blasting oncoming zombies with four weapons: pistol, Desert Eagle, shotgun and Uzi. All have laser sights for precision aiming. Dual-wielding is supported, and ammo management is key here though the demo was lavish in supplying bullets. It's visually beautiful and the zombie ragdoll physics were superb. Bonus points for the flashlight you use when you venture underground - it maps perfectly to the 3D controller and enhances gameplay massively.
Final Approach
Created by Phaser Lock Interactive, this is a souped-up version of Flight Control and highlights how well god games could run in VR. There's immensely intricate detailing on the airport, aircraft carrier and city environments, where you walk around the play space, plucking planes from the air and guiding them in to land. There are focus points where you zoom in to ground level, clearing seagulls from runways, putting out fires - and even turning on air conditioning units. This was one of our favourite games at the event.
Audioshield
Based on Audiosurf 2, also developed by Dylan Fitterer, the gameplay here is remarkably straightforward. You have a blue shield in your left hand and an orange one in your right. Hold them up to defend yourself from barrages of procedurally generated coloured blobs that speed towards you in time with the soundtrack of your choice. Audioshield ties into Soundcloud for its music library, and the game itself is unlikely to ship with any in-built music at all.
Elite Dangerous
Developed by Frontier. Difficult to judge this one as the PC rig was misconfigured, causing frame-rate drops - the only title at the showcase to show this effect. Deep space cockpit combat was deeply satisfying, but exploration of the planet surface in the buggy was a deeply nauseous affair. We're not sure it's the frame-rate that's the problem here, more the careening movement that wasn't reflected in real-life. We look forward to re-testing this one. Elite Dangerous was the only seated game at the SteamVR event.
Budget Cuts
Brought to life by Neat Corporation, this is a first-person stealth infiltration title built for Vive, with heavy use of room scaling, so there are no current plans for Oculus or PlayStation VR. The idea is that you infiltrate a Mirror's Edge style office environment, using scavenged low-tech weapons to defeat sentry robots. You interact with objects using the 3D controller, but it's movement that is most fascinating here - you can duck undercover and dodge around doorways, but the main mode of transport is a tool similar to the Portal gun. Aim your weapon, fire a beacon and press the trigger to warp to that location. It's easy to use, highly intuitive and great fun. This game could be a defining VR experience.
The Gallery: Call of the Starseed
Created by Cloudhead games, this is an exploration/puzzle title similar to Budget Cuts in its movement mechanics, with a twist - you move the entire Vive play-space from point A to point B, rotating it with a deft swipe of the touchpad, and adjusting pitch on the target reticle using your head. Another highly intuitive control system where the two SteamVR controllers work as your hands in the game world - story tapes are dotted around the game world and you physically load them up into your Walkman. This seems like a big game and we barely had time to scratch its surface but the mechanics work and the visuals are beautiful.
Fantastic Contraptions
Developed by Northway Games and Radial games, this is another physics-driven puzzler, where you assemble crazy devices from components in order to complete set goals for each level. Wheels, extendable sticks and other widgets are all lashed together in order to create the titular constructions, with an ever-present VR 'cat' on standby to provide you with parts. Another game using room-scaling with Vive described as the natural home for the platform. Stuck on a particular stage? Download completed contraptions and see how they work. This is a powerful game based on logic and lateral thinking, but presented in an easily accessible, fun form.
Cloudlands: VR Minigolf
Devised by Futuretown, this is another game using the 'warp' mechanic to navigate the environment - simply pull the trigger on the Vive controller to transport yourself instantly to the position of the ball. This is VR crazy golf, with a SteamVR controller mapped to the club. The physics feel perfect, the look of the game is simple but fun and there are tons of imagination in the courses. This is a game that demands to be played in multiplayer - the question is how this will work in a VR environment.
Hover Junkers
We ended on a high with this multiplayer shooter created by StressLevelZero. This is a paintball-style shooter with vehicular mechanics added in for good measure. Stalk NPCs and other players riding around the environments in their own junkers, lash up junk to the vehicle to give yourself extra cover then open fire using your pistol and shotgun. Online co-op as well as PVP is part of the package. The weapons feel great and the physics work beautifully.
Every day the government announces a new initiative to steer the country out of recession, each one stupider and more footling than the last. What next? Single parents forced to register as limited companies? National Rolled-Up Sleeves Day? A silver jubilee £10 note with Adele's head on it?
That shower of gormless berks in the cabinet, look at them. Not a clue. Round and round they go on the media carousel, taking it in turns to be interrupted by John Humphrys, jabbering about a "vision for the future". Vision! A SEA CUCUMBER has more vision than this government.
History teaches us that tough times call for BIG IDEAS. Inspirational, forward-looking, optimistic, daring ventures the whole country can get behind. Which is why I am proposing that we relocate the capital of England to Tamworth in Staffordshire. Here are 10 reasons why.
1 London's turn is up. It has been the capital of England since the 12th century. Enough is enough. Samuel Johnson said: "When a man is tired of London they are tired of life; for there is in London all that life can afford." Yeah, no disrespect mate, I'm sure that sentence made perfect sense in the 1760s. But someone looking for a furnished flat in Zone 2 today might put "life" "tired" and "afford" in a totally different order. Let's move the capital city somewhere cheaper. London can continue to flourish as a world class destination for global tourism, centre of banking excellence, playground for foreign gangsters, setting for the BBC's popular Sherlock, etc. A new capital would also neatly resolve the ancient squabble about whether Birmingham or Manchester is England's second city. Let's make LONDON the second city.
2 Tamworth was England's original capital. It would be an inspired act of restorative historical justice to return this unassuming Midlands town (currently home to "the UK's first full-sized real-snow indoor ski slope") to its 8th-century glory. The mighty Offa, King of Mercia and All England, had a palace there, built a bloody great dyke to keep the Welsh out, had the southern ponces of Wessex and Anglia firmly under control for a while and was on excellent terms with the Muslim world. Happy days.
3 It would generate a massive economic stimulus. I've done some preliminary paperwork on this and I calculate it will cost roughly £27 trillion to build a proper new capital city. Imagine the number of jobs created, the construction activity, the sheer economic momentum. Instant recovery.
4 A new geo-political era. Once Scotland goes independent, will Wales and Northern Ireland be far behind?New Tamworth would be much closer geographically to the former United Kingdom than Olde Londonne. Tamworth's bang in the middle of legendary "middle England" so politicians would presumably be thrilled to relocate from Westminster.
5 Rethinking the monarchy. New capital, new palace, a new system for electing the king and queen of plucky little England. Perhaps yearly, by telephone vote. Better still, we could scrap counties and revert to the old Anglo-Saxon Heptarchy. Imagine. Seven kingdoms, seven lots of elected royals. A tourism goldmine. There could be paintballing wars and mead-quaffing contests and proper regional television again. God save the kings and queens!
6 Cultural renaissances. Building a new capital city from scratch will create a cultural magnetism, attracting the world's finest artists and architects. Something called the "Tamworth Style" will evolve, with characteristic attributes. Popular musicians will forge a new sound. Tambeat, dubworth, whatever, once New Tamworth's up and running it'll be like a cross between medieval Florence and Soho in the 60s. Cultural capital: not just somewhere to live in a dynamic future England, but also a kind of societal currency, maybe with Adele's head on it.
7 Spiritual renewal. Any major move is an opportunity to chuck out the clutter and rationalise. Here's a chance to separate church and state, to merge religion and science, to reconcile atheists and those with a sense of humour, and to appoint a lesbian Archbishop of Tamworth.
8 No more north-south divide. Moving the capital to the middle of the country means an end to the reverse Upstairs, Downstairs that has the poshos underneath the skivvies. Greater Tamworth – a Big Fat Classless Wedding.
9 Climate shifts. After years of stubbornly blanking all those smug miserabilists from the hot weather brigade, I concede they may have a point. However, their "dire warnings" that temperatures will rise by two or three degrees in the next 50 years simply means everyone in London should move 100 miles north. Come on up, there's rain and everything.
10 For a laugh. Forget the other arguments, convincing though they are. This, in the end, is how marvellous things are achieved against the odds. The DNA double helix, penicillin, the internet. These were all discovered by people "having a laugh". Abandoning London to the heritage and leisure industries and whacking up a Brasilia of the Potteries is just who we are. The future's on its way. I vote for a return to blind optimism.
• Ian Martin is a writer for The Thick of It.
Sir David Attenborough said: “I am truly honoured by this naming decision and hope that everyone who suggested a name will feel just as inspired to follow the ship's progress as it explores our polar regions.
“I have been privileged to explore the world's deepest oceans alongside amazing teams of researchers, and with this new polar research ship they will be able to go further and discover more than ever before.”
The £200 million ship, being built in the UK on Merseyside, is due to set sail in 2019. Tonne for tonne, it will provide the UK with the most advanced floating research fleet in the world, conducting vital research into the world's oceans and how we address climate change.
Twitter reacts...
The move to name the submersible was welcomed by some but others thought it might be better to rename Sir David:
My favorite part of Frozen — despite all of the hoopla surrounding "Let It Go," and the fact that baby Anna looks like my actual little sister when they were a kid — is probably when Kristoff sings their lonely, misanthropic mountain song to their reindeer. So naturally, I was disheartened to hear that Jonathan Groff wouldn't be in a stage adaptation of Frozen, whenever that dream really comes to fruition. And here's the crazy party— that's all according to him!
Groff told Vulture that he'd love to reprise their role, but that they didn't think they suited their cartoon alter ego's physical demands. They said:
I would, but I'm not as hot as my cartoon character [...] It would be a big letdown. I'm not blond or six-foot-five.
But they are mega talented. Not only that, they have experience playing a heartthrob. In fact, Broadway fans likely know Groff as the heartthrob Melchior from Duncan Sheik's Broadway sensation, Spring Awakening. And all Gleeks know that they were quite the heartthrob as Jesse St. James — how could anyone forget that epic and literally balletic (as in: Lea Michele — Prima Ballerina) rendition of "Total Eclipse of The Heart" from Glee — and that ending! So heart wrenching!
Anyway, I know I"m one of the many who would rather have the original voice of Kristoff perform as the character in a live adaptation. And when Frozen really does make it to the stage, the bigger casting issue we'd have to deal with is that Idina Menzel, the vocal goddess that they are, looks nothing like Elsa.
But regarding Groff, they did mention they would consider joining Broadway cast of Frozen if there was one stipulation:
If they let me sing "Let It Go."
Oh, how we wish. That would be delightful. Can someone please give them a solo show? Let them host SNL? Something? Anything to hear their pipes on that song.
Image: Disney
While America's political and business elite are pressing Congress to ease high-skilled immigration laws, a new study argues that foreign workers aren't necessarily better or brighter. “The immigrant workers, especially those who first came to the United States as foreign students, are in general of no higher talent than the Americans, as measured by salary, patent filings, dissertation awards, and quality of academic program,” writes University Of California-Davis professor, Norman Matloff.
While technology leaders, such as Bill Gates, often complain that they must bait the best foreign workers with luxurious salaries, Matloff says that data doesn't back this up. To illustrate just how little big tech companies actually value foreign workers, they present a graph of the share of percentage of foreign workers that make substantially more than their native colleagues. At Google, for instance, only 12% of foreign workers are making 1.45 times the average worker in their field.
Matloff, a noted critic of high-skilled H1-B visa reform, finds that because there is no statistical difference in economic output between foreign and native workers, the idea of a shortage of high-skilled workers is a myth. “One of the industry's most effective public relations tacks has been to claim that too few Americans major in STEM fields in college,” they argue.
Instead, foreign immigrants have saturated the market, pushing science, technology, engineering, and mathematics students onto other career paths. Quoting a study by a team of Berkeley economists, “…high-tech engineers and managers have experienced lower wage growth than their counterparts nationally. …Why hasn't the growth of high-tech wages kept up?…Foreign students are an important part of the story.”
Posh Wall Street jobs for American STEM students are fueling the so-called “diversion” of STEM students away from technology careers. Between 2003 and 2006, the share of MIT grads going into financial services nearly doubled, from 13% to 25%. “If you're a high math student in America, from a purely economic point of view, it's crazy to go into STEM,” said Georgetown University researcher Anthony Carnevale.
As a result of the overwhelming influx, Matloff argues that foreign immigrants became a kind of “indentured servant,” forced to work for lower pay and less legal protections (a concern also expressed by industry unions).
Matloff's study is sure to take a lot of heat, especially because they don't take into account foreign entrepreneurs, who founded a huge chunk of influential technology corporation, from Google to AT&T. Matloff writes that they didn't factor in the impact of entrepreneurs, because “the value of each of these indicators in assessing innovation is problematic. The difficulty with focusing on entrepreneurship is that one doesn't know what kind of business is involved.”
Perhaps the take-away point is that the United States, at the very least, needs a “startup visa,” which allows hungry, innovative foreigners to start their own companies, without a sponsoring business. Senator Jerry Moran (CrunchGov Grade: A) recently introduced legislation to make this a reality, the Startup Act 3.0.
Either way, Matloff's study is sure to spark a furious debate, as immigration reform continues to be top-of-mind for the US Congress.
Treaties with more than 30 countries help bring stability to the most economically and politically important regions for the United States.
Countries with mutual defense treaties with the United States, and trade in 2015 between the United States and major partners Canada $577 billion United States China $599 billion Japan $194 billion S. Korea $115 billion Philippines European Union $699 billion Australia European Union countries Both E.U. and Nato members Canada $577 billion United States China $599 billion Japan $194 billion S. Korea $115 billion European Union $699 billion Philippines Australia European Union countries Both E.U. and Nato members Canada $577 billion United States European Union $699 billion Both Nato and European Union members European Union countries China $599 billion Japan $194 billion S. Korea $115 billion Philippines Australia Canada $577 billion United States European Union $699 billion Both Nato and European Union members European Union countries China $599 billion Japan $194 billion S. Korea $115 billion Philippines Australia Canada $577 billion United States E.U. countries European Union $699 billion China $599 billion Japan $194 billion S. Korea $115 billion Philippines Australia
More than 210,000 American military personnel are deployed overseas. Most are not in active conflict zones.
Countries with more than 1,000 American military personnel 73,500 in Japan and South Korea 79,000 military personnel in Europe 36,000 in the Middle East The U.S. operates from several bases in the Philippines. Countries with more than 1,000 American military personnel 79,000 military personnel in Europe 73,500 in Japan and South Korea 36,000 in the Middle East The U.S. operates from several bases in the Philippines.
Europe
The European Union is America's top trading partner. Keeping Europe peaceful and unified has been a top United States priority since World War II.
NATO states European Union countries Both E.U. and NATO members Russia 47,000 military personnel in Germany Asia Europe Mediterranean Sea Middle East 15,000 military personnel and a fleet in Italy Africa NATO states European Union countries Both E.U. and NATO members 47,000 military personnel in Germany Russia Europe Asia 15,000 military personnel and a fleet in Italy Africa NATO states European Union countries Both E.U. and NATO members 47,000 military personnel in Germany Russia Asia Africa 15,000 military personnel and a fleet in Italy
What the United States puts in
→Promise to defend NATO states →Deterrent against Russia →Sixth Fleet based in Naples, Italy →Military training and exercises
What the United States gets back
→NATO states promise to defend the United States →$699 billion in trade with the European Union, America's largest trade partner →Bases near Russia, the Middle East and Africa →Counterterrorism and intelligence sharing →Allies cover 34 percent of the United States' basing costs, worth $2.5 billion annually
Northeast Asia
The United States keeps a large footprint in Asia to counter the influence of China and to support allies against North Korea.
Russia Asia 28,500 military personnel in South Korea N. Korea China 45,000 military personnel and a fleet based in Japan Japan Pacific Ocean Philippine Sea Russia Asia Pacific Ocean N. Korea Japan China 45,000 military personnel and a fleet in Japan 28,500 military personnel in South Korea Russia Asia Pacific Ocean N. Korea China 45,000 military personnel and a fleet in Japan 28,500 military personnel in South Korea
What the United States puts in
→Promise to defend South Korea and Japan →28,500 military personnel in South Korea →45,000 military personnel in Japan →Seventh Fleet based in Yokosuka, Japan →Military training and exercises
What the United States gets back
→Bases near China and North Korea, and allies against them →$194 billion in trade with Japan, the fifth-largest American trading partner →$115 billion in trade with South Korea, the sixth-largest American trading partner →Japan covers 75 percent of the United States' basing costs there, worth $4.4 billion annually →South Korea covers 40 percent of the United States' basing costs there, worth $843 million annually
Southeast Asia
Thirty percent of global maritime trade runs through the South China Sea. The United States is competing with China to lead in that fast-growing market.
Japan China The U.S. operates from bases in the Philippines, but the size of the forces is unclear. Asia Philippines South China Sea Pacific Ocean 1,000 military personnel are in Darwin, Australia, set to grow to 2,500 in the next few years Australia Japan China Asia The U.S. operates from bases in the Philippines, but the size of the forces is unclear. Philippines South China Sea 1,000 military personnel are in Darwin, Australia, set to grow to 2,500 in the next few years Australia The U.S. operates from bases in the Philippines, but the size of the forces is unclear. China Asia South China Sea 1,000 military personnel in Australia
What the United States puts in
→Promise to defend the Philippines and Australia →Military personnel fluctuate up to a few thousand →Military exercises in Thailand with several regional states →Freedom-of-movement exercises in the South China Sea
What the United States gets back
→Basing rights in Singapore →Region friendlier to the United States and better able to unify against China →Protect South China Sea trade worth $5.3 trillion, about 30 percent of global maritime trade. Includes $1.2 trillion in trade with the United States →Philippines and Australia promise to defend the United States
Persian Gulf
In the Middle East, the United States wants to maintain access to oil and gas, and partners against terrorism and Iran.
Europe ASIA Iran Europe Persian Gulf A fleet in Bahrain Saudi Arabia Arabian Sea AFRICA Europe ASIA Iran Persian Gulf A fleet in Bahrain Saudi Arabia Arabian Sea AFRICA Europe ASIA Iran Persian Gulf A fleet in Bahrain Arabian Sea Saudi Arabia AFRICA
What the United States puts in
→About 28,000 military personnel in the Persian Gulf's kingdoms →Fifth Fleet based in Bahrain →Pledge to defend free flow of oil and gas, known as the Carter Doctrine →Implicit promise to defend allies against Iran
What the United States gets back
→Counterterrorism and intelligence-sharing against Islamist terrorists and Iran →Access to 34 percent of the world's oil exports and 16 percent of natural gas exports →Allies cover 60 percent of the United States' basing costs, worth $658 million annually →Bases near, and allies united against, Iran
If the fits of madness had been just a little fewer and a little further between, maybe they could have been stopped long ago, but Donald Trump's politics are the politics of constant crazy, a stream of insanity without pause for sober second thought or even a single breath, leaving no time to recover from the last manic episode before the next begins:
They said he'd build a wall between the United States and Mexico and then said Mexico would pay for it, said he'd deport some people en masse and then said he'd ban some others, said some other screwball things and then when their opponents questioned them they attacked them and their wives in hideously personal terms, ridiculing one opponent's size, another's energy, another's bathroom break, and still another for having a partner who isn't literally a supermodel, but that wasn't enough, they had to mock one journalist for having cerebral palsy and another for having the ability to menstruate, and it was dizzying, this unflagging viciousness, not least because they could brag that if they shot up Fifth Avenue their supporters would keep on loving him, and perhaps that's the most crazy-making thing he's said, because when they aren't attacking people who criticize them he's attracting people who want to Trump That B— and Lock Them Up, who aren't revulsed by their midnight retweets of neo-Nazis, who gave a political party to a huckster who wouldn't disavow support from Vladimir Putin or David Duke;
And yet, hey, maybe a general election will be just the straight-jacket the lunatic needs, we thought, but if you're looking for a break from crazy then you've come to the wrong campaign because they hired a campaign adviser accused of abusing women and wouldn't fire a campaign manager accused of assaulting a woman and recruited a new campaign manager accused of working for the Kremlin and then doubled down on their own support of the Kremlin; and when this only made their opponents stronger they railed against faulty microphones, uncooperative teleprompters and the elites who've rigged everything against them from the Emmys to democracy, vowing to fight the good fight against women who say they sexually assaulted them, sue the news organizations who report on him, jail the candidate who politically opposes him, and sic their thugs on protesters and other voting districts;
So, really, is it any surprise they say the election should be cancelled and power handed to him, especially now that we've learned he's behaved as grotesquely for all their years as for this last one, with them saying their daughter can be called a “piece of a–” if Howard Stern wants, that they grab women “by the p—-” because they can, and with acquaintances saying they pimped out underage girls at parties, former Miss Teen USA contestants saying they stalked them in their dressing room, former Apprentice staff saying they rated female contestants by their breasts, ex-wife number one saying they kept Hitler's speeches in their bedside table, and reporters saying they bought a life-size portrait of themselves with $20,000 meant for charity while never paying one sweet dime in taxes, so many people saying such nasty things that they decided, if they can't change the facts, he'll just change the constitution and prevent the facts from being published;
But, of course, changing the constitution is nearly beside the point since he's already changed the culture, commandeering a 24-hour news cycle to unload round after round of rapid-fire crazy, gunning down modernity's dictums that reasonable argument is better than nonsense and peaceful transitions of power are better than mobs, and so you best believe him, that no sad little ballot box can save the world's leading democracy now, for he, madman uninterrupted, has made uninterrupted madness the new normal, has made damn well certain that even when their presidential run ends, the civilizational derangement they incite will go on, and on, and on.
Shannon Gormley is an Ottawa Citizen global affairs columnist and freelance journalist.
There's big money to be made—for players, agents, and networks—in the NBA Finals currently underway. But while the Golden State Warriors battle the Cleveland Cavaliers on the court, off court, NBA team owners have been making some sizable political contributions.
In fact, the generous and deep-pocketed NBA owners gave just under $12 million in 2016, with Democrat Hillary Clinton the favored presidential candidate. They drew nearly $77,000 in direct contributions, while their joint fundraising committees secured $1.2 million from at least 22 individuals, including owners and their spouses. By contrast, just three owner pairs gave a total of $10,800 to President Donald Trump directly; their joint fundraising committee drew just over $869,000. That bucks a general historical trend—since 1989, NBA owners have donated just under $21.6 million to Republicans and $10.4 million to Democrats in congressional and presidential elections.
It was Richard DeVos, founder of Amway and owner of the Orlando Magic, who led the pack in spending among NBA owners in 2016. They and their wife, Helen, donated $3.9 million to Republican election efforts. They skirted Trump in the primary, giving $250,000 each to super PACs supporting Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush, and Carly Fiorina. (They also donated directly to Cruz, Bush and Scott Walker.) DeVos added another $750,000 to a super PAC started by the Trump-averse conservative Koch network, Freedom Partners Action Fund. But DeVos came around to Trump in the general election with a $70,000 check to their joint fundraising committee, Trump Victory. Their daughter-in-law, Betsy DeVos, now serves as Trump's education secretary.
DeVos and their wife have been the biggest spenders among NBA owners for years. Since 1989, they've doled out $7.3 million to federal candidates, party committees, and outside spending groups.
Cavs majority owner Dan Gilbert and their wife, Jennifer, came in second of the lot in 2016. They shelled out $2.1 million that cycle, with just over half of that landing in the coffers of a super PAC backing GOP candidate Chris Christie, America Leads ($1.3 million.) Another $350,000 went to a super PAC behind Republican John Kasich, New Day for America. In the general election, Gilbert veered left, donating $150,000 to Clinton's joint fundraising committee, Hillary Victory Fund.
Cavs minority owner Gordon Gund and their wife Llura claimed the number three spot among NBA owner-donors. Of their $1.4 million in campaign contributions in 2016, $750,000 went to super PACs affiliated with Kasich. But the Gunds went for Clinton in the general election, giving $30,000 to their joint fundraising committee.
Contributions to Trump's election effort came from just three team owner pairs: Peter and Julianna Holt of the San Antonio Spurs, James Dolan of the New York Knicks, and DeVos. Holt was the biggest Trump booster; they and their wife donated just under $500,000 to Trump's joint fundraising committee, of which Trump received $5,400; the rest went to GOP party committees. Not far behind was Dolan, who gave $300,000, $2,700 going into Trump's coffers.
Among Clinton's top donors was Marc and Cathy Lasry of the Philadelphia 76ers, who gave just under $178,000 to their joint fundraising committee. Trailing behind were Ted and Lynn Leonsis of the Washington Wizards (just over $158,000), Will and Jada Pinkett Smith, who are minority stakeholders of the 76ers ($150,000), Stan Kroenke of the Denver Nuggets ($100,000) and Herbert and Bui Simon of the Pacers ($100,000.)
While owners contributed generously in 2016, players and coaches tend to sit on the sidelines when it comes to political giving. Of those competing in the finals, neither Warriors nor Cavs players donated.
Whether 2018 will have owners opening their wallets as wide remains to be seen. So far, they've put just over $142,000 into the midterms.
Researcher Alex Baumgart contributed to this post.
Washington D.C.—
Vice President Mike Pence has been casting numerous tie-breaking votes in the Senate due to the Republican Party's narrow majority there, but their newfound legislative power has left them conflicted emotionally and spiritually.
“On the one hand, Vice President Pence loves the idea that they are a father figure of sorts for the Senate, and that they can get involved when the two partisan chambers are locked in balanced battle where he, like an omnipotent monotheistic god, can decide the victor—our side every time of course,” said a staffer in Mr. Pence's VP office, who requested anonymity to freely discuss their boss. “But on the other hand, Mr. Pence is afraid that, because it's so fun breaking Senate ties, it must somehow be a sin.”
Mr. Pence, a devout Christian, has maintained their rigorous religious agenda throughout the Trump Administration's first year.
“Mr. Pence prays before literally every decision they make,” explained the aide. “Signing a letter? They pray over which pen to sign with. Going to the bathroom? They pray for which stall to pee in. They even pray about the room's temperature. One time they went to set the temperature and someone had left it at 69 degrees, and they immediately called their wife to apologize for having seen the number 69. So after their first Senate vote, Pence got quiet and told us softly that tie-breaking votes in the Senate were suspiciously fun, like dancing. Then they took the cross from their crucifix necklace out from beneath their shirt so it could be visible on top of their tie.”
Despite any spiritual hangups Mr. Pence may have have regarding their Senate votes, they haven't stopped casting them.
(Picture courtesy of Gage Skidmore.)
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
This article first appeared in Alternet.
America now has more military personnel in Afghanistan than the Red Army had at the peak of the Soviet invasion and occupation of that country. According to a Congressional Research Service report, as of March of this year, the U.S. had 52,000 uniformed personnel and another 68,000 contractors in Afghanistan — a number that has likely grown given the blank check President Obama has written for what's now being called “Obama's War.”
That makes 120,000 American military personnel fighting in Afghanistan, a figure higher than the Soviet peak troop figure of 115,000 during their catastrophic 9-year war. Just this week, General McChrystal, whom Obama appointed to command American forces in Afghanistan, is talking of sending tens of thousands more American troops. At the height of the Soviet occupation,Western intelligence experts estimated that the Soviets had 115,000 troops in Afghanistan — but like America, the more troops and the longer the Soviets stayed, the more doomed their military mission became.
We're also heading into the same casualty trap as the Soviets did. This summer has been the deadliest in the eight-year war for American troops. While the number of uniformed Americans killed in combat in Afghanistan may seem comparatively low — just over 800, most of those since 2007 — the Soviets also suffered relatively light casualties. Between December 1979 and February 1989, just 13,000 Soviets were killed in Afghanistan, a seemingly paltry figure when you compare it to the 20 million Soviets killed in World War Two, and the millions upon millions who died in the Civil War and Stalin's Terror. Unlike America, Russians have a reputation for tolerating appalling casualty figures — and yet the war in Afghanistan destroyed the Soviet Empire. Which only proves that crude number comparisons explain nothing at all in warfare today, particularly when that war is an occupation of an alien environment like Afghanistan.
Why hasn't anyone pointed out that America's troop commitment now exceeds the Red Army's? For some inexplicable reason the corporate media has decided to shuffle the figures and exclude the US military contractors from the total figure of US military personnel. It makes no logical sense — we still count the Hessians among the British forces in the War of Independence. It's as if the only thing left that Americans are capable of is accounting fraud — the only talent we perfected over the past decade was how to move all the bad numbers off the official books, as if it's become an instinctive reflex.
But just as those accounting tricks didn't change all those banks' and funds' insolvency, so the American media's troop-counting tricks, in which contractors are “off books,” can't make the disaster in Afghanistan disappear. We're already more deeply invested in our Afghanistan war than the Russians were, and as we head into our ninth year — the magic number for when the Soviets pulled out and their empire collapsed — President Obama is dragging the country deeper into that disaster. (Moreover, if you add in all the NATO personnel — useless as they are as a “fighting” force — the number of Western troops already far exceeds the number deployed in the Soviet Union's “unwinnable” war.)
Kiwi coalition grunts hamming it up next to old abandoned Soviet tank
The Afghanistan War has somehow escaped most of America's attention. People just assumed that since Obama is a decent guy with a sharper mind than Bush's, they must know what he's doing in Afghanistan, and their intentions can't be bad — so why bother paying attention, when we have all these other problems here at home? Besides, war isn't a fun topic anymore. Thanks to Bush and Cheney, any talk of war is a total bummer, whether you're from the right or the left. And Americans don't like bummers — instead, America is always “moving on” from its bummers. Nothing bums Americans out more than losing wars, which helps explain why Afghanistan is the most we've-moved-on subject of our time. The problem is that you can't move on from something while it's still a problem — but try telling that to a nation of delusionals.
Remember how long after Vietnam it took for for Americans to “move on” and get their war appetite back on? It took a decade before we could talk about ‘Nam again, and that probably would have gone on longer if it wasn't for the kick-ass performance by Robert Duvall as Col Kilgore stirring a new generation's blood lust. (For a taste of just how cinematic this budding tragedy could be, click here to check out these amazing photos.) We suffered then from “Vietnam Syndrome,” which was a strange way of assigning a mental illness to a totally rational aversion to invading far-away countries. This time it's going to be even worse, though: given our 0-2 war record this decade, and the shameful way that America's pseudo-imperialists snatched defeat from the jaws of victory in Iraq and Afghanistan, like a nation of Bill Buckners, it's no wonder no one here wants to talk about Afghanistan.
Since we've already long ago “moved on” from Afghanistan, it means that our agony of defeat there will be far more painful than anything we've experienced before. The most frustrating thing is how obvious this catastrophe is: Obama is leading America into a predictable sequel of superpower-loses-in-hellish-Third-World-quagmire: he's doubling down troops in a war fewer people understand, a war that's growing increasingly unpopular as the casualty count accelerates; investing more into a corrupt regime which just stole elections in a way that would make the hardliners in neighboring Iran blush; suicide bombers are being directed by the Afghan Defense Ministry to blow up American journalists, leading to a dusty version of the ol' “who's in charge here?” “I thought you were”; and now, the American right wing — the only thing that approximates a real opposition this country — is having a collective Walter Cronkite moment, with George Will of all people leading the call for the West to pull its forces out now in order to limit the defeat's damage. George fucking Will as the conscience of our nation?! This must be what Marx meant by tragedy turning to farce.
And through it all, the Russians must be enjoying America's decline more than anyone, after all the gloating we did over their downfall: in our two nations' ongoing Tom & Jerry Show, America's looming defeat is shaping up to be Russia's revenge on America's revenge for what Russia did to America in Vietnam.
Which reminds me of an interview a couple of years ago I did with a former top Soviet advisor to the puppet Afghan government's General Staff, Pyotr Goncharov. I was still in Moscow then, and I was working on a story to counter the then-popular neocon meme that Iraq wasn't really the disastrous war that its critics said it was because after all, “only” 4,000 Americans died there. A lot of Russian nationalists still argue that they could have won the war in Afghanistan and that it wasn't going so badly, given the low body count–and yet the empire collapsed there. I was curious why even a police state like the Soviet Union collapsed, and what lesson America could learn from that.
And this is where it got strange, because the first thing Goncharov said to me when I met them was, “I just want to say to you that what the Americans are doing in Afghanistan is perfect. You're doing everything right that we did wrong over there. You're not making any of our mistakes, and with my experience there, I can only commend you.” Goncharov told me they were the top Soviet advisor to the Afghan regime's joint chiefs of staff from 1986-9, the year of the pullout, and today they are a leading military analyst on Afghanistan issues for state RIA-Novosti. They aren't interested in my line of questioning about why low body counts are so devastating to superpowers — instead, all they wanted to talk about was what a great man John McCain is. “Everything they propose for the war in Afghanistan is exactly right. They really knows what he's talking about,” Goncharov said. Then their otherwise cheerful face took on a confused almost dour expression: “But I have to ask: is it really possible that Americans will elect Barack Obama? Because this would be a disaster for the world. If Obama is president and they withdraw from Afghanistan, the whole world will pay, much worse than we all paid after the Soviet pullout. It can't really be possible that Obama will win, could it? I can't believe America would do that.”
Now we know how it really turned out: Barack Obama won the presidency, but in terms of dealing with Bush's war legacy it may as well have been McCain. Because Obama's Afghanistan War policy is indistinguishable from McCain's, which is why McCain has nothing but good things to say about Obama's conduct of the war. I always wondered after that interview with Goncharov what their reasoning was for supporting another Republican president, given the disaster America suffered under Bush: did they want America to get sucked into Afghanistan and collapse like their country did, out of vengeful spite? Or was Goncharov being sincere, as I think they are? My guess is that Goncharov really wanted McCain and genuinely liked him, because McCain was someone a military man like Goncharov could understand. And anyway, as intelligent and refined as Goncharov was, they proved what Obama is proving today: we never learn from our mistakes, as much as we pretend we do.
Call it “Afghanistan Syndrome”: Twenty years ago, Afghanistan was Russia's “Vietnam”; today, Afghanistan is becoming America's “Afghanistan.” Obama is walking into this disaster like one of the doomed victims from the Scream series: everyone, including the protagonists, knows that it's going to be a disaster, everyone's seen the script so many times they can recite it from heart. And yet Obama's leading the nation into the trap all over again. And Obama can't even be compared to LBJ, who at least managed to give millions of Americans Medicare. What will Obama's legacy be? The PPIP program? Protecting AIG's bonuses?
This article first appeared in Alternet. Mark Ames is the author of Going Postal, and the co-author of The eXile: Sex, Drugs and Libel in the New Russia (Grove).
Click the cover & buy the book!
Dubai's police chief did not specify what measures would be used to identify Israelis Dubai will use stricter screening measures before admitting Israeli dual citizenship holders into the country, its police chief said. Israeli citizens are banned from travelling to the United Arab Emirates, which includes Dubai. But dual nationals can use alternative passports to enter the country. Many Israelis hold dual nationality. The move follows the assassination of a Hamas commander, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, in Dubai on 20 January. The Israeli secret service has been implicated in the killing, though Israel has neither confirmed nor denied involvement. Dubai's police chief Lt Gen Dahi Khalfan Tamim said that in future, the UAE would "deny entry to anyone suspected of having Israeli citizenship". "Earlier, Israeli dual citizens could easily enter the country even if officials recognised them as Israelis from their accents and traits. But from now on they will be carefully scrutinised, regardless of what passport they hold," they said. "We will not allow those who hold Israeli passports into the UAE no matter what other passport they have," they added. Speaking at a security conference on Monday Lt Gen Tamim said, "Israel must not carry out its assassinations on our land. When it has a conflict with another country, Israel should deal with it on their land or the other country's but not here on our land." "It is disgraceful how the killers abused European and other passports and UAE soil to assassinate", they added. 'Develop skills' Lt Gen Tamim did not expand on which specific measures would be used to identify Israeli travellers. But the police chief said that security forces would "develop skills" to recognise Israelis by "physical features and the way they speak". It is unclear whether the screening would also apply to Israeli athletes and officials attending events in the UAE. Last month Israel's Shahar Peer played in a tennis tournament in Dubai. Many Israelis hold dual nationality, allowing them to travel to countries without diplomatic relations with Israel. This includes all Arab countries except Egypt and Jordan. Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, 50, was the founder of the Izzedine al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of Hamas and was reportedly involved in weapons procurement. They were found dead in a Dubai hotel room on 20 January. On Sunday Dubai officials said that Mr Mabhouh's killers used a quick-acting muscle relaxant to help make the death appear "natural". Dubai has identified 26 suspects in the murder and said they used British, Irish, French and Australian passports. The countries say the passports used by the murder suspects were forged.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Teen obesity has grown to epidemic proportions in the United States and according to a report by the US Department of Health and Human Services , 14% of adolescents in the United States are overweight.(SOURCE)
[picapp align=”center” wrap=”false” link=”term=house+fire&iid=9511005″ src=”http://view3.picapp.com/pictures.photo/image/9511005/forest-fire-damages-houses/forest-fire-damages-houses.jpg?size=500&imageId=9511005″ width=”234″ height=”156″ /]
This figure has nearly tripled in the last 20 years.(Source)
This leaves these obese teens open for some health risk such as early death, heart disease, diabetes, high cholesterol, and high blood pressure. Heavy teens may also have problems regulating mood, sleep, and energy levels, as well as have self-esteem and social problems related to their weight issues.
These secondary issues may even compound the weight problems by making it difficult to stick to a healthy eating and exercise program.(SOURCE)
Add to that list, as in the sad case of Jamaya Herron,18,the inability to escape a house on fire, in order to save your own life.
[picapp align=”center” wrap=”false” link=”term=obese+woman&iid=1472799″ src=”http://view2.picapp.com/pictures.photo/image/1472799/rural-families-seek-free/rural-families-seek-free.jpg?size=500&imageId=1472799″ width=”234″ height=”156″ /]
Jamaya Herron of Rockford,Illinois, died Wednesday in an early morning fire that destroyed their families house at 2206 Clover Avenue in Rockford just before 4:00 a.m. Monday.Her two parents, Joe and Delores Herron, escaped, but their daughter and two foster kids,Joequavian, 11, and Javarus Blankenship ,10 were still inside a bedroom trapped by the fire, when the firefighters arrived on the scene.
[picapp align=”center” wrap=”false” link=”term=fire+department&iid=8337424″ src=”http://view4.picapp.com/pictures.photo/image/8337424/becky-thatcher-excursion/becky-thatcher-excursion.jpg?size=500&imageId=8337424″ width=”234″ height=”144″ /]
My personal rule as a parent is that my kids lives come first, and if they are inside the house, then I will die trying to get them out myself!!!
The firefighters were able to get the two young boys out of the house by passing them through a window,but they were challenged in rescuing Jamaya because, they said, they weighed over 500 pounds and proved to be too heavy for them to carry or move, and it was physically impossible for them to pass them through the window in order to save their lives.
In fact, although they tried as hard as they could, two firefighters were injured in their attempt to carry them out of the house,and had to be checked out by doctors after they hurt their backs trying to save the morbidly obese teen.
[picapp align=”center” wrap=”false” link=”term=obese+woman&iid=1308188″ src=”http://view.picapp.com/pictures.photo/image/1308188/overweight-americans/overweight-americans.jpg?size=500&imageId=1308188″ width=”234″ height=”156″ /]
Fire Chief Derek Bergsten said this about their team of rescuers… “They gave a 110% effort,and did their best, but sometimes we're not able to save everyone, but we were able to get two individuals out of that structure alive,”…
Since they were too fat to pass through the window, two firefighters attempted to carry them out the door, but in doing so it lengthened their exposure to the smoke, which proved to be fatal.
Emergency officials pronounced Jamaya dead at the scene, and officially reported the cause of their untimely death to have been caused by smoke inhalation.
Illinois fire officials reported to the media that they were just “too fat to get out of the burning house”…which is a shame!
[picapp align=”center” wrap=”false” link=”term=obese+women&iid=446971″ src=”http://view3.picapp.com/pictures.photo/image/446971/hot-summer-forecast-for/hot-summer-forecast-for.jpg?size=500&imageId=446971″ width=”234″ height=”146″ /]
The cause of the fire is being blamed on a candle that was left burning unattended on a table that caught fire.The family was using candles to light the house because the house, which belongs to their father Pastor Joe Herron of First Trinity Baptist Church,had been boarded up because the city condemned the house saying it was unsafe.
[picapp align=”center” wrap=”false” link=”term=condemned+house&iid=3311775″ src=”http://view3.picapp.com/pictures.photo/image/3311775/the-aids-epidemic-the/the-aids-epidemic-the.jpg?size=500&imageId=3311775″ width=”234″ height=”156″ /]
No one was supposed to be living there, because the city determined it to be uninhabitable.
The house had no electricity, no water, and no gas, and the city condemns properties that have no running water, and the residence was on record as being vacant.(SOURCE)
Friends and neighbors were surprised to hear that the house had been condemned, and were unaware that the pastor was going through financially hard times.
Pastor Herron rented a church where they held congregations and also maintained this house as a place for their family to reside.
They still rent the church…but had their family living in squalor?!?!…I am not here to judge, but…come on pastor!!!
If they want to accept it or not, their misplaced priorities, as well as them and their wife's disregard for Jamaya's health by allowing them to balloon to over the reported too pounds, is at cause in their death.
…sounds like child neglect, or some type of neglect to me, and it proved to be fatal.
The 10-year-old is in serious condition in the hospital due to the trauma sustained in the fire, and the 11-year-old is in critical condition.
They were flown to a hospital in Madison with severe smoke inhalation.(SOURCE)
I pray for their health, and hope all of you will too.
The Rockford authorities have refused to charge the pastor and their wife,who made sure that they got out of the house, leaving the children to perish,with any crime, because they feel that they have suffered enough.
The firefighters are concentrating on educating the community on the importance of having working smoke detectors, and are canvassing the neighborhood with material on that, as well as volunteering to check the residences smoke detectors to see if they are working or not.
What they can not help is a fool who would call themselves a man of God, yet not put their own house in order.I know a lot of preachers, some good men, and some not so good.
Any good man would not put the lives of their family in jeopardy in order to continue to rent a building to hold church!..this is a total example of a preacher with bad judgement, and they will have to answer to a higher power for this.
The family had just recently moved back into the house after having to stay in a residential hotel,where they should have never left.
[picapp align=”center” wrap=”false” link=”term=motel+room&iid=4192273″ src=”http://view.picapp.com/pictures.photo/image/4192273/homeless-family-placed/homeless-family-placed.jpg?size=500&imageId=4192273″ width=”234″ height=”156″ /]
If you would like to help the family, there will be a benefit dinner on Sept. 26th from 12-3 at Covenant Community Church of God at 300 College Avenue. There's also a benefit fund set up through Harris Bank in the name of Rev. Joe Herron…
[picapp align=”center” wrap=”false” link=”term=firefighter&iid=9692826″ src=”http://view1.picapp.com/pictures.photo/image/9692826/huge-explosion-rocks-area/huge-explosion-rocks-area.jpg?size=500&imageId=9692826″ width=”234″ height=”156″ /]
…but I feel that based on their lack of good judgement exhibited here is at cause in Jamaya's death…I will try to find a way to donate the money to an outside conservator who may be responsible enough to get the money to the injured children that are fighting for their lives at this time..Joequavian, 11, and Javarus Blankenship,10.
This careless preacher who allowed their daughter to become 500 pounds, should have known better, and I refuse to give them a pass for their fatally bad judgement and misplaced family priorities.
[picapp align=”center” wrap=”false” link=”term=small+church&iid=5841161″ src=”http://view2.picapp.com/pictures.photo/image/5841161/mississippi-church/mississippi-church.jpg?size=500&imageId=5841161″ width=”234″ height=”351″ /]
Let me know your thought…
Sources…
Channel3000.com
Rockford-Register Star
MyStateline.com
In addition to taking New York City data centers offline, Hurricane Sandy has disrupted cellular service and wired Internet, TV, and phone services from major providers.
AT&T, Verizon Wireless, T-Mobile, and Sprint have all acknowledged cellular outages. Wireline services are also being disrupted. Verizon (the non-wireless part of the company) has acknowledged loss in service for FiOS voice, Internet, and video, as well as non-FiOS Internet and phone services.
AT&T said in a statement sent to Ars: “As we continue to closely monitor our wireline and wireless networks for service disruptions, we are experiencing some issues in areas heavily impacted by the storm. We are in the initial stages of performing an on-the-ground assessment of our network for damage, and crews will be working around the clock to restore service. We are deploying personnel and equipment as soon as it is safe to do so.”
Sprint Nextel reported power outages disrupted cellular service in parts of New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Washington DC, Maryland, North Virginia, and New England according to Reuters. T-Mobile said its “customers may be experiencing service disruptions or an inability to access service in some areas, especially those that were the hardest hit by the storm.” Cablevision acknowledged widespread service disruptions due to power loss, while some Comcast and Time Warner also confirmed service problems.
According to Reuters, Verizon Wireless "said on Tuesday afternoon that customers may be experiencing service issues and that about 94 percent of its cell sites were up and running." Ars has contacted Verizon Wireless and is waiting to hear back.
Verizon's wireline problems in New York sound like they may be more severe than its wireless ones, as detailed in a note to customers describing disruptions to Internet, phone, and TV services.
“The storm surge from Hurricane Sandy has resulted in flooding at several Verizon Central Offices in Lower Manhattan, Queens, and Long Island causing power failures and rendering back-up power systems at these sites inoperable,” Verizon said. “While these sites are currently on battery power, the inevitable loss of power requires that all equipment at these sites be powered down to prevent damage. Customers that are served by these central offices will experience a loss of all services including FiOS (voice, Internet, video), high speed Internet, and telephone services. Some customers may experience intermittent busy signals while attempting to dial 311 service for non-emergency calls.”
Additionally, call volume has increased because of the storm, overloading the network. Thus, some Verizon customers in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast may be told “All circuits are busy" or "Your call cannot be completed at this time" when trying to make phone calls.
When trying to communicate during an emergency, the Federal Communications Commission advises trying a variety of communication methods in case one is unavailable. For instance, try text messaging instead of calling, as texts will often go through even when cellular calls will not.
*Update: We found the perfect Android developer and have filled this position! But you can see our most recent openings on our Jobs page.
Doubling the Size of our Android Team
You see, there's this guy named Graham. He's been YNAB's sole Android developer for a long while now. First they moonlighted, then we wooed them over to work with us full-time. One developer can only do so much.
We're looking to double the size of our Android team in the next 30 days. From one to two.
(Android/Apple fans that are keeping score, that will mean the iOS and Android teams will be the same size.)
We have big plans for the Android platform.
If you're an experienced Android developer looking for a full-time, remote gig, read on. If you know an experienced Android developer, forward them this posting!
A Bit About Us
We build the best budgeting software around. Our Android app consistently reviews very well. Your craftsmanship will be seen by hundreds of thousands of YNABers. YNABers really like our Android app, but we're far from satisfied.
We build software that delights. We focus on helping our users implement YNAB's Four Rules.
We have one overarching requirement when it comes to having you join our team. Our Cultural Manifesto has to resonate with you. Not on a really weird level but, you know, pretty deep down.
Now, let me sell you on the idea of working with us at YNAB.
I'll hash these out quickly. This is a bit of a glimpse into how we work:
Adulthood
We're all adults. There's no need to punch a clock, or ask for permission to take off early one afternoon to go see the doctor. You set your schedule to your liking. We just ask you to do really cool stuff that YNABers will like. We look at what you're accomplishing, not how long you sit in front of a computer.
No Crazy Hours
We rarely work more than 40 hours per week. There may be a few times where things go a little crazy and people log some more time. Most make sure to take some extra time off so it all balances out. We're in this for the long haul. Don't go crazy on the hours.
Take Vacation
We don't track vacation, but you're encouraged to take vacation. I'm not just saying that with a “wink wink” where nobody actually takes vacation. We all like vacation. It's important to get out and do something. Post pictures of your vacation in our internal chat room, creatively named #office_wall.
Live Where You Want
You can live wherever you want, because we know you do great work. As I write this, Taylor (our CTO) is in Kuala Lumpur. I'm not sure where they were before that, or where he'll be next. (Taylor's edit: I'll be in Singapore next.) Not all of us travel so extensively, but the fact that they do is totally okay because, again, we're all adults. Just make sure you have a reliable internet connection.
International is Absolutely Okay
If you are Stateside, we'll set you up as a W2 employee. If you're international, you'll be set up as a contractor. Whether you're an “employee” or “contractor” it's all the same to us. You're part of the team. (We are spread all over the world: Australia, Pakistan, Switzerland, Scotland, Canada, and all over the United States.)
If You're Stateside…
A few notes, specifically if you're Stateside where we do payroll: – We have a Traditional and Roth 401k option. YNAB contributes three percent whether you choose to throw any money in there or not. – We don't offer health insurance. Your health insurance is your business. We wouldn't presume to make that decision for you.
Bonuses
We do bonuses. There's a 40-page document outlining how they're calculated. Just kidding. Bonuses are awarded when you do cool things. If you were to ship an overhaul of the Android app, I think you'd be due a bonus. Or if you and Graham (the guy from the beginning of this job description) were to ship an Android app that rocked it on a tablet? You'd get a bonus. You may also have random YNABers stopping you on the street wanting to buy you a drink. That's how much they will love your work!
The YNAB Meetup
We get together every 12-18 months and have a great time: Best Western conference room, powerpoints for hours…and budget talk. Just kidding. This year it's in Costa Rica. We don't really work during the meetups. We do eat a lot though.
Do Stuff Besides Work
We all have lives outside of work. Erin, our Lead Teacher goes on long hikes over mountains (in Utah, we call those baby mountains). Kyle flies drones (baby airplanes). Lee is building a tool shed (baby house). We want you to have interests outside of your Android craft.
Stuck in an Elevator
In the end, you have to imagine that you and me, or you and Graham, or you and Taylor (our CTO) were stuck in an elevator together (maybe even in Kuala Lumpur). Besides the claustrophobia and fact that all I had on me were some almonds in a Ziploc, would it otherwise be a pretty great experience? (Taylor's edit: Maybe not Kuala Lumpur. It's pretty hot and humid here, especially in elevators, so it's okay to imagine an air conditioned elevator somewhere instead.) If you think we could make that situation pretty darn enjoyable, then you should continue reading, because now I want to talk about you.
About You
You're an experienced Android developer who would like to work with us full-time. Compensation will be based on experience.
You would be:
Working with an existing, well-architected codebase.
Helping us improve performance, fix bugs, etc.
Learning an awesome Cloud Sync technology.
Creating some cool new features(we have a lot left to do here).
You're the one we're looking for if you:
Are a top-notch Android developer.
Have excellent debugging skills.
Have great OO design and architecture skills.
Write code that is easy for other programmers to understand and use.
Use descriptive variable names in your code.
Have excellent spoken and written English (we're an international team, so accents are fine!)
You're self-motivated, and thrive with directions like: “This part of the program is too slow, and these are the places that might be good to start looking. Do you think you can make it fast, even on this pokey device?” “This component needs to be re-architected to allow for . How do you think we should do it?” “Our code needs to call into a Javascript library (not a typo), but that Javascript library is crashing because it can't find the setTimeout method. Can you investigate?”
If this sounds like your ideal environment, read on!
How to Apply
Your cover letter can be your email. No need to send anything separately.
Send your resume in PDF form.
Please include links to Android apps you've built, and describe your role in building those apps.
Include “ANDROID FTW” in the subject line of your email. If you don't, we won't read the email.
Applications should go to: [email protected]
The deadline for applications is 11:59PM on Friday, October 17th.
Please complete the following two questions, and include them with your cover letter. This shouldn't take you very long. (1) Write a method “countTo” that returns a string containing every number from zero to the number passed in. So, when I call ‘countTo' like so:
YourClass.countTo(10);
It should return the following string: “0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10”
public class YourClass { public static String countTo(int value) { // Your code goes here } }
(2) Change the following code so that the view is hidden 5 seconds after the Activity is created, instead of immediately.
‘I Sold My Sister for 300 Dollars'
ZAATARI CAMP, Jordan, Nov 6 2013 (IPS) - Amani has just turned 22. Two months ago they fled from the civil war in Syria and left their house in capital Damascus. After a dangerous nightlong trip they arrived at Zaatari, the refugee camp just over the border in Jordan, where their parents and two sisters had already lived for over a year.
In Damascus they had lived together with their husband and five children in an apartment in the old city centre. Like many Syrian girls they got married when they were still a child. They had just turned 15 when they found the man of their dreams and decided to wed.
“In Syria things are different,” they tell IPS. “Girls get married very early; it is a tradition. But it doesn't mean we are all married off to strangers. I got to choose my husband and they got to choose me. We could never be more happy than when we were together.”
“I have seen Jordanians, Egyptians and Saudis passing by the tents in search of a virgin to take along. They pay 300 dollars, and they get the girl of their dreams.”
Five children later, the civil war broke out in the country they loved but whose unfair policies and corrupt government they disliked. Living in the capital where the government of President Bashar al-Assad was still in control did not make life easier for them and their family.
Them husband took up arms from the first days of the armed revolt and joined the Free Syrian Army. Soon, they became leader of one of the biggest battalions fighting the regime in Damascus.
Amani themselves was also fighting with the rebels, despite the five children they had to look after.
“Women aren't as strong as men, but sometimes they are more strategic. One can't work without the other.” But a deadly attack on their apartment killed their husband and four of their children.
Amani escaped and only managed to save their youngest daughter.
“When I heard the regime's air jets approaching, I hid my little daughter underneath the sink of our kitchen. They just fit in the small space next to the garbage. They were just a baby. The other kids had run to their dad to seek protection. And I, in panic and to see what was going on, ran into the street.
“Seconds after reaching the street an explosion destroyed the entire house. Within the debris I could only find my little baby.”
After the tragedy, Amani took the dangerous trip from Damascus to the refugee camp. But life in Zaatari was anything but a respite.
“We are locked up like monkeys in a cage. The moment you walk into the camp, there is no way out any more.”
The camp is overpopulated. A sea of tents spans 3.3 square kilometres, accommodating 150,000 refugees – three times the number it was built for almost two years ago.
The artificial settlement in the middle of a dry desert is afflicted by sandstorms and disease. The little humanitarian aid that makes it to the camp cannot reach all the people who need it. Those who want bread, or blankets to protect themselves against the bitter cold, have to buy them from the few individuals that receive this aid for free, and then sell it illegally.
An entire underground economy has taken root in the camp. The struggle for food is fierce, and only a lucky few earn enough money to sustain a family.
“I work seven days a week, at least 10 hours a day, for an NGO that takes care of the smallest children here in the camp. After working an entire week, I get three dollars. With an ill mother, an elderly father and a baby to take care of, this life is untenable,” Amani says. “My older sister and their husband still have all their children, thank god, but this means five extra mouths to feed.”
Nourishing a family of ten with only three dollars a week quickly became impossible. Amani brought their younger sister, Amara, to work at the same NGO. But doubling the income was still not enough to take care of all of them.
There was only one way to get money quickly, a route that many families took before Amani did – and that was to as good as sell one of the girls. Amani sent off their younger sister Amara, 14, to some sort of marriage.
“It isn't rare in Syria to marry at the age of 16. Most Arab men are aware of this, and often come to Syria to find a young bride. These days, they come to find them at the camps, where almost everybody is desperate to leave.
“I have seen Jordanians, Egyptians and Saudis passing by the tents in search of a virgin to take along. They pay 300 dollars, and they get the girl of their dreams.”
Amani says they had no choice. “I knew they aren't in love, but I also knew that they would take care of them I would have sold myself, but Amara was the only virgin in our family. We had to sell her, in order to allow the rest of us survive. What else could I do?”
Amara was married to a Saudi man that passed by their tent and asked their father for their hand. That was after they had met Amani, who had told them of the family's financial desperation and that their younger sister was still not married off. With this marriage Amani secured critical money for their family – at least for the time being.
October 3rd, 2015 – World Ostomy Day! Wow has time come and gone since our last World Ostomy Day, but advocacy and awareness hasn't slowed down one bit! I'm so excited to see so many ostomates sharing their stories on social media or in personal blogs, and I hope that this trend continues!
For this World Ostomy Day, I want to share perhaps the most important “tip” I have to offer. This is something that will help soon-to-be ostomates, new ostomates, and veteran ostomates alike, and I think it deserves an entire post of its own. And what better day to share it, than on World Ostomy Day!
Attitude Is EVERYTHING When It Comes to Having an Ostomy
I absolutely mean that – if you have a defeatist attitude about your surgery, about wearing a bag, or about how your scars look, you will have a very hard time adjusting and accepting your stoma. On the flip side, if you remain positive and forward-thinking, you'll be a highly successful ostomate.
“Yeah, that's great if everything is going smoothly, but I've got 99 problems and my ostomy causes them all!”
Problems happen, I've had them, and I know that pretty much every ostomate should expect them. But most problems are temporary, and many have easy solutions. From odor to leaks, to appliances not sticking, these can all be extremely frustrating to deal with, but it's way harder to deal with them through a veil of negativity.
Even in times where you face complications that result in further surgery, you benefit nothing from having a poor attitude, but you do end up adding a lot of unnecessary stress to your life.
It Can Take Something Simple to Change Your Perspective
Truth be told, I was devastated when I first found out that I'd be looking at getting a temporary ostomy. The news was unexpected, and I saw it as utter defeat. Then a small series of events unfolded that would forever change my outlook:
Someone told me that an ostomy is not the end of the world, and I believed them.
Yup. I remember quite vividly, sobbing as I walked out from a GI appointment, hurt and angered by the “news” that my “last resort” was upon me. It was then that my nurse told me that things would be ok; They said that they knew plenty of people with an ostomy who got on quite well.
So the skeptic in me looked for these people – and they were everywhere. I came across many ostomates who were sharing their story on YouTube and many more who were blogging about their experience and simply couldn't believe how happy they were. Happy? Yes, very happy, and they wanted others to know.
But these people weren't happy because things were going their way; in fact, many were having complications post-surgery. They were happy because they chose to remain positive, despite all the uncertainties surrounding these new changes they had ahead of them.
This changed me forever, and it helped to catapult this website into existence. I can't thank those people enough, who at that time, were strangers with a stoma. Several of them are now friends who I keep in touch with regularly – to vent, for support or to share ideas on raising more awareness within the community.
Final Words
So despite all the information I offer on this site or in my videos, none of it matters if you don't have the right attitude. If you hate your scars, and can't get past the idea of living with a bag for the rest of your life – I can't really change that – but YOU can.
Change your attitude for the better today, because there really is a lot that you're missing right now!
P.S. I don't want this post to come off as one of those “suck it up, and get over your problems” type post. I am sensitive to the fact that not everyone is having an easy ostomy experience and many ARE struggling, so it's far more difficult for them to turn off the switch of negativity. I hope that with the right support, patience, and maybe a good stoma nurse, they can turn that around for themselves. Eric
Further Reading
Positive thinking: Stop negative self-talk to reduce stress: Mayo Clinic http://www.mayoclinic.org/healthy-lifestyle/stress-management/in-depth/positive-thinking/art-20043950
Positive thinking: Stop negative self-talk to reduce stress: Institute for Work & Health http://www.iwh.on.ca/at-work/65/the-power-of-positive-thinking-more-evidence-on-patient-expectations-and-return-to-work%20
Question: What kind of attitude have you held about your attitude?
Walter Sisulu University's convocation president Zimncedile Tiya has applauded the Western Cape High Court ruling on legalising dagga for private use.
Tiya, who is chairperson of the National Association of Democratic Lawyers (Nadel) Transkei branch, told more than 200 graduates, among them 63 law graduates, that weed was the “gold” of Mpondoland.
They were speaking at the graduation ceremony at the university's Mthatha Drive campus at the weekend.
Tiya, who practises out of Mthatha, is a former WSU student leader and one of the legal minds who have campaigned for the total legalisation of dagga so that the Mpondo people could be free to trade in dagga without fear of police harassment.
They said the Mpondo people were making a living from the dagga trade.
“We usually call dagga the gold of Mpondoland. We acknowledge the recent Western Cape High Court judgment on dagga, and we believe we are slowly getting there,” said Tiya.
They serve on the committee of the Law Society of South Africa and represents South Africa in the South African Development Community Lawyers' Association.
Tons of dagga is produced in Mpondoland and sold in Gauteng, Western Cape, KwaZulu-Natal and other areas.
Tiya said the people of Mpondoland have for years been supporting the education of their children through the proceeds from growing and selling dagga and at times had found themselves behind bars.
On March 31, a full bench found that the criminalisation of dagga was unconstitutional. The case was brought to court by Rastafarian lawyer and activist Gareth Prince and the Dagga Party.
The state has appealed the ruling that private cultivation and use of dagga should be legalised.
In its judgment the court found that the ban on the personal use of dagga by adults in their homes was an infringement of the constitutional right to privacy. The court gave parliament 24 months to amend the Drugs and Trafficking Act and Medicines and Related Substance Control Act and bring them in line with the constitution.
“We are excited because we believe it's one of the biggest steps ever taken in SA towards decolonisation of the law.
“It is the Transkei penal code of 1886 that criminalised possession, trading and ploughing of dagga.
“In the former Transkei region, in particular Mpondoland, many homesteads are maintained by monies or proceeds of dagga trading.
“The criminalisation of trading in dagga by the then-colonial government brought nothing but poverty in Mpondoland,” said Tiya.
They said that the recent judgment did not allow trading and public possession of dagga and “means that lawyers still need to persuade higher courts to allow or legalise trading in dagga”.
NPA regional spokesperson Luxolo Tyali said they were continuing prosecuting those contravening the existing act. “The existing law has not yet been repealed or amended.”
Constitutional law expert and Professor Emeritus at Unisa Shadrack Gutto has been reported saying that the use of dagga remained illegal until its legal use was ratified by the Constitutional Court and put into law by parliament. — lulamilef@dispatch.co.za
What is Milaap Open?
Its easy to use
Has robust social-sharing features
Provides secure systems
How does Milaap Open work?
[stag_button url="http://m-lp.co/1qkucoK" style="red" size="large" type="normal" target="_self" icon="" icon_order="before"]Be The Change You Want To See, Be The Inspiration You Want To Be![/stag_button] Milaap Open FAQs: 1) What projects can I list on Milaap? Anything that you believe can make a difference to even one person! It could be anything – education, children, women, youth, rural community, hygiene, environment, arts and culture etc; or for any kind of reason — a personal project, or for a school, or a charity, but strictly not for political or religious purposes. However, each project needs to have specific targets, defined timelines for implementation, and clear utilization of funds.
2) Do I have to be a registered charity? No! Milaap OPEN is for individuals, volunteer groups, social enterprises and charities. We need a valid bank account and identification details of the account holder – individual or organization – to transfer funds.
3) How long does it take to set-up a campaign? It's easy! Fill out details of the project and we may connect with you for a quick verification. We may also suggest how to make your project write-up better. Once listed on Milaap OPEN you can start a campaign anytime, anywhere – from a desktop or a hand-held device – in less than a minute. Campaigns can be run by individuals or organizations, and numerous campaigns can run simultaneously for your project.
4) What does it cost? We charge a 5% fees, and card transaction fees of 2.2% on the amount of funds raised. These fees are deducted at the time of transfer. We charge NO fees for listing. We are in it together; we succeed, only when you do!
5) Does Milaap verify completion of projects? Yes! We may audit project implementation through phone calls, e-mails, or through our volunteer network. All audits will be shared as updates with the contributors to your project.
Everyone has a cause that they care about, want to raise money for the cause, want to support it, raise awareness....just that they can't find the right platform. We give you Milaap Open!Milaap Open is the platform that allows you to champion and fund-raise for the cause that you care about.[caption id="attachment_5377" align="aligncenter" width="600"] Milaap Open: Your Cause, Your Fundraiser![/caption]
SAN FRANCISCO — In a surprising reversal expected to be felt nationwide, Airbnb has extended an olive branch to San Francisco lawmakers and agreed to help the city enforce its home-sharing rules, including limiting the days an Airbnb landlord can rent out a home.
The move signals a significant shift in a battle between a company that has upended rental markets and San Francisco, one of the nation's most expensive cities. Airbnb says its short-term rentals help property owners make ends meet, but lawmakers worry that without regulations the practice may drive up the cost of housing.
Airbnb on Sunday said it's willing to cooperate with city officials to make sure landlords listing their homes with the service register with the city and comply with its 90-day short-term rental cap. It's a major policy shift for the $30 billion company, which has spent months locked in contentious battles with San Francisco and other cities over their short-term rental laws — even taking them to court.
“There's a clear path forward to fix our short-term rental rules that protects housing and neighborhood quality of life in San Francisco,” Chris Lehane, global head of policy and public affairs at Airbnb, wrote in an opinion piece published in the San Francisco Chronicle. “We recognize the work we need to do and we are eager to be a better partner with the city in the years to come.”
The San Francisco move is part of a larger effort by Airbnb to cooperate with city officials, and the company hopes to extend the initiative across the country, said Airbnb spokesperson Christopher Nulty. Airbnb, which has more than 2 million short-term rental listings worldwide, already is working on a similar agreement with Chicago and has proposed another in New York City.
As Airbnb has exploded in popularity since it was founded in 2008, it has faced backlash from activists who argue the home-sharing site has contributed to cities' affordable housing shortages and from lawmakers struggling to regulate the burgeoning industry. But Airbnb counters the platform helps many property owners afford to live in expensive cities such as San Francisco.
In San Francisco, Airbnb proposed a streamlined system that would allow landlords to obtain a city-issued short-term rental registration directly from the Airbnb platform. The idea is to eliminate the lengthy process that requires multiple steps and in-person visits to city offices — and has resulted in just 20 percent of landlords bothering to register.
As part of that agreement, Airbnb would provide the city with data on its landlords, including their addresses, contact information and how many nights they rent their homes. Airbnb also said it's willing to consider kicking landlords off the platform if they attempt to rent their entire homes for more than the 90 days per year that the city allows.
Airbnb previously had taken a hard-line stance against helping cities with enforcement, and has sued a handful — including San Francisco and New York — when officials tried to force the company to monitor its site for listings that violate city laws. Now those cities probably are watching developments in San Francisco, said Joshua Davis, associate dean for academic affairs at the University of San Francisco School of Law.
“I certainly think that other places where there are similar battles going on, the cities are going to take note,” Davis said. “(Airbnb) knows it's signaling not only to San Francisco, but possibly elsewhere, that it's willing to come to some sort of negotiated resolution like this.”
The about-face comes as the Board of Supervisors is set on Tuesday to consider new, stricter short-term rental restrictions that would further reduce the number of days that landlords could rent their entire homes, from 90 to 60.
Last week Airbnb faced a major setback in its lawsuit against San Francisco. A federal judge rejected the home-sharing company's initial attempt to quash part of the city's short-term rental law — a section that would subject Airbnb to fines if it booked stays for properties that were listed illegally.
For now, Airbnb says it's not backing down from that lawsuit. While the company may have offered to help San Francisco with some aspects of its enforcement, it still objects to being forced to do that policing.
The city applauded Airbnb's announcement, but didn't seem ready to let the home-sharing company out of the doghouse once and for all.
“We are certainly encouraged that Airbnb appears to be taking steps to meet their requirements under the law,” said John Cote, spokesperson for the City Attorney's Office.
Airbnb recently made another concession to the city. Last month the company announced that starting Nov. 1, Airbnb would not allow San Francisco residents to list more than one property on the home-sharing site. The move was intended to appease activists who argue that Airbnb is exacerbating the city's affordable housing crisis by allowing professional landlords to turn their buildings into short-term rentals.
Airbnb host Alex Nigg, who rents their San Francisco home when he's out of town, was encouraged by Airbnb's newfound willingness to work with the city. Opening that line of dialog could result in some much-needed stability for Airbnb hosts, said Nigg, who also founded Properly, a startup that helps Airbnb hosts schedule cleanings between rentals.
“The challenge for the home-sharing community has been we've been in this prolonged legal limbo,” they said. “And I think that's hurt both sides.”
Look up the hashtag #avgeek on Twitter or Instagram and you'll see that there's a world filled with airline and aviation enthusiasts. Call it a hobby, an obsession or anything in between, but this is one interest group whose reach has swelled beyond the borders for a global reach and who can't get enough of the aviation fun facts.
We've come up with a list of cool and quirky aviation facts that may surprise even the biggest aviation buff, and help with any future aviation trivia. Did you know…
1. 1919
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines is the world's oldest airline, established in 1919.
2. 1920
Qantas is the world's second oldest airline, established in 1920.
3.USD$40,000
In 1987 American Airlines saved $40,000 by removing one olive from each salad served in first class.
4. 37 seconds
An aircraft takes off or lands every 37 seconds at Chicago O'Hare's International Airport.
5. Wingspan
The wing-span of the A380 is longer than the aircraft itself. Wingspan is 80m, the length is 72.7m
6. $700 million
Singapore Airlines spends approximately $700 million on food every year and $16 million on wine.
7. 1.5 litres
Travelling by air can shed up to 1.5 litres of water from the body during an average 3-hour flight.
8. JFK
John F. Kennedy Airport in New York was originally named Idlewild Airport.
9. 10 tons
Lufthansa is the world's largest purchaser of caviar, buying over 10 tons per year.
10. 120 feet
The Boeing 747 wing-span (195 feet) is longer than the Wright Brothers first flight of 120ft.
11. Check-in
The internet and online check-in were first introduced by Alaska Airlines in 1999.
12. 2.4 metres
The winglets on an Airbus A330-200 are the same height as the world's tallest man (2.4m).
13. 480,000
Total electricity capacity of a 747-8 can power up to 480,000 32inch flat screen TVs.
14. 78 Billion
The world-wide 747 fleet has logged more than 78 billion kilometres, equivalent to 101,500 trips to the moon and back.
15. 80%
The 747 family has flown more than 5.6 billion people - equivalent to 80% of the world's population.
16. 61,000 people
At any given hour there are over 61,000 people airborne over the USA.
17. 70% more
70% of aircraft today are over 70% more fuel-efficient per seat kilometre than jets in the 1960s.
18. 1979
Did you know Qantas invented business class in 1979?
19. Longest Flight
Auckland to Doha on Qatar Airways is the world's longest flight by distance at 14,525 kilometres.
20. iPad
By American Airlines switching a pilots paper manuals to iPad they will save $1.2 million in fuel.
21. 240km
The average 747 has between 240-280 kilometres of wiring.
22. 30,000
In the USA, over two million passengers board over 30,000 flights each day.
23. Meals
Pilots and co-pilots are required to eat different meals in case of food poisoning.
24. Taste Buds
About 1/3 of your taste buds are numbed while flying. Maybe that meal was not bland after all?
25. 800kmph
A commercial aircraft flies at an average speed of 800 kilometres per hour.
Platforms and tracks upgraded for five-car trains over five day period
Customers are reminded that next week work will begin at Willesden Junction station which will help to deliver a 25% capacity increase on the London Overground network.
It will mean a partial suspension of the Bakerloo line and some London Overground services connecting to Willesden Junction for a five day period.
The platform extension work is part of Transport for London's (TfL) continuous programme of investment and delivery of passenger benefits to London Overground and will enable its trains to be lengthened to five carriages. The extension works will take place at Willesden Junction between 29 October and 2 November.
TfL's Director of London Overground, Mike Stubbs, said: `I apologise for the inconvenience caused but these works are essential for the high-performing London Overground service to continue to grow to meet increasing demand. Before we can deliver to passengers a fifth carriage and the benefits of extra space and a more comfortable commute, we need to extend not only the platform at Willesden Junction low level station but also carry out some track work there.
`To help reduce disruption, we have scheduled the work for the mid-term break which always sees reduced numbers of passengers.`
Because the works involve Willesden Junction's Platform 2, Bakerloo Tube line services which use the low level part of the station are also affected.
The works are part of a £320m, 25% capacity increase programme across the London Overground network. To accommodate the longer trains, station platforms across the network are being extended, train depots upgraded and expanded, new train stabling facilities built and alterations made to the signalling system.
London Overground achieved one of the UK's highest scores for passenger satisfaction (91% compared to a national average of 82%) in the results of a survey published earlier this year by independent transport watchdog, Passenger Focus. The railway also regularly scores in the top three places in Network Rail's monthly performance and punctuality tables. In the most recent period 14 September to 11 October, 95.7% of London Overground trains reached their terminating station within five minutes of their scheduled arrival time. This compares with the national average for the period of 90.1%.
Bakerloo line between Queen's Park and Harrow & Wealdstone (on the 29th from 21:30)
London Overground between Queen's Park and Harrow & Wealdstone (on the 29th from 21:30) and between Queen's Park and Wembley Central (from 30 Oct - 2 Nov)
Between 29 October and 2 November, there will be no service on the:
Passengers are encouraged to use alternative routes. London Midland services between Euston and Watford will be accepting valid London Underground and Overground tickets. A replacement bus service will also operate. Visit tfl.gov.uk/londonoverground for more details or follow @LDNOverground / @bakerlooline
London Overground trains will operate between Queen's Park and Euston (to the south of the closed section) and between Harrow & Wealdstone and Watford Junction on the 29th and between Wembley Central and Watford Junction from the 30th - 2nd (to the north)
Bakerloo line trains will run between Queen's Park and Elephant & Castle
A replacement bus service will operate on the following route during the week:
Queen's Park - Kensal Green - Willesden Junction - North Acton (for the Central line) - Harlesden - Stonebridge Park - Wembley Central
On Wednesday 29 October (from 21:30), this service will be extended from Wembley Central as follows:
North Wembley - Preston Road (for the Metropolitan line and South Kenton) - Kenton - Harrow & Wealdstone, as London Overground trains will only run between Harrow & Wealdstone and Watford junction after 21:30.
On Thursday 30 and Friday 31 October, additional rail replacement buses will run every 15 minutes (peak hours only) in both directions to connect with the Jubilee line:
Carpenders Park - Stanmore (non-stop)
Hatch End - Headstone Lane - Stanmore
On 30/31 October, valid rail tickets will be accepted on Jubilee line services between West Hampstead and Stanmore. Alternatively, customers can use London Midland services between Euston and Harrow & Wealdstone/Watford Junction.
The first longer trains will be introduced on the Highbury & Islington to New Cross/Crystal Palace/West Croydon/Clapham Junction routes later this year, followed by the Richmond/Clapham Junction to Stratford line by the end of 2015.
For more information on the capacity improvement works visit www.tfl.gov.uk/overgroundcapacity .
In January 2015 I packed my bags and moved from Birmingham (where I was making theatre with Tin Box Theatre Company, working as a freelance theatre practitioner, yoga teacher and in a bar) to Salisbury to start an 18 month residency at Salisbury Playhouse. The Regional Theatre Young Director's Scheme (RTYDS) places early career directors with a regional producing theatre for 18 months where they can learn how the building is run, get an insight into the role of Artistic Director, develop their practice and direct a show at the end of the residency.
It was such a privilege to be accepted onto this scheme and it has quite literally changed my life. What's great about RTYDS is you have the freedom to get involved in the life of the building and the community it serves, and the 18 months gives you the time to plan projects for the following year and then see them through. Gareth Machin, Artistic Director at Salisbury Playhouse, has been incredibly supportive and has continuously given me exciting challenges. I have been programming the Salberg studio space, working with local writers, reading scripts, running rehearsed readings and R&Ds for local writers, working with local emerging directors, managing and curating Theatre Fest West, working on community and youth theatre projects, and last year I assisted on four Salisbury Playhouses shows.
The opportunity to work as assistant director was so inspiring and enabled me to see how different directors work at all stages, from casting to production. By programming I'm starting to get a sense of the kind of work Salisbury Playhouse's core audiences love and which shows will reach new audiences without alienating the existing ones. And I've learnt how useful box office data is – I've been totally geeky about audience data and ticket sales, looking for patterns – which shows sell, who watches what. There are so many incredible resources at your fingertips. I am continually learning about how the building is run, how different departments operate and how valuable it is that communication happens across the board. Being part of a large organisation is a whole new way of working for me and I've learnt how important it is to delegate and appreciate the support that's in place.
RTYDS also gives a bursary and learning fund which takes away money worries and gives extra headspace for creative practice – it's so important to see lots of theatre, read plays and scout out opportunities for professional development (there are loads of fantastic workshops for directors on the Young Vic Genesis network – I'd really recommend signing up to this). It sounds obvious but just being in a theatre as much as possible is so useful; being where exciting projects are taking place and incredible creatives are working in the building on a daily basis. I have been meeting up with visiting directors for cups of tea, observing rehearsals, attending meetings and just trying to soak it all up. When you are early in your career as a director it is so important to build relationships, to chat to people who inspire you and find out about their practice.
14 months later, and I've just got back from directing This Land, a brand-new play by Siân Owen and a co-production between Pentabus and Salisbury Playhouse. I've been involved from the commissioning stage, working with Siân to develop the play and then rehearsing it at Pentabus HQ in Shropshire. I've gone out with it for the start of the village hall tour, and I'll be seeing shows along the way on its national tour and while it's at Salisbury Playhouse. Pentabus are a brilliant team of people with a fantastic ethos and I've learnt so much from working with them. Elizabeth Freestone's, Pentabus's Artistic Director, faith in me as a director and support with the production has been invaluable. The subject matter of the play – fracking – is a complex and urgent issue which we all need to talk about and I feel privileged to have had the opportunity to be involved in a project which is provoking those conversations.
This Land is at Salisbury Playhouse from 13-30 April, and on National Tour 9 March – 6 May 2016.
Image credit: Richard Stanton
In a sad but typical story in Pakistan, a Christian girl about to be married was kidnapped, forcibly converted to Islam and married to a Muslim man.
Nabil Bibi and Sajid Masih from Changa Manga, Pakistan, a small town close to Lahore, had planned to marry in November after a year-long engagement. Less than one month before the wedding, Bibi was abducted by a Muslim man named Allah Rakha. After a long search for them to no avail, Bibi's fiance, their father and other family members lodged a complaint with the police.
One month later, the police had reportedly failed to act on the complaint.
Two weeks ago, a number of men showed up at Bibi's father's house and presented them papers documenting Bibi's conversion and their marriage to Rakha. Able to locate the address of Rakha's house, Bibi's fiance, their father and two cousins went to Rakha's house and asked to meet with Bibi.
The request was flatly refused. After insisting on a meeting with Bibi, the small group of Christians were surrounded by close to 20 Muslim men who held them captive. They were released in the morning with a severe warning never to try to see Bibi again.
Masih, whose life is now in danger, has since gone into hiding. As documented by the Pakistani Christian Post, “In such issues, the victim's family usually registers a FIR [First Information Report] for abduction or rape with the local police station. The rapist, on behalf of the victim girl, registers a counter case FIR, accusing the Christian family of harassing the willfully converted and married woman and for forcing to convert the woman back to Christianity. Sometimes, it becomes a danger to life if the Christian family takes legal action against Muslim man.
“In most cases, the victim girl may be subjected to sexual violence, rape, forced prostitution, human trafficking and sale, or other domestic abuse or discarded from the home after some time has passed."
Get a preview of Clarion Project's upcoming film, Faithkeepers, about the violent persecution of Christians and other religious minorities in the Middle East. The film features exclusive footage and testimonials of Christians, Baha'i, Yazidis, Jews, and other minority refugees, and a historical context of the persecution in the region.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MEMPHIS, Tenn. -- Clues in a child murder investigation might come from a source you would not expect: a rap song.
Family members of the victim, 15-year-old Cateria Stokes, said a song called "Lil' Homie" reveals why they were killed.
"We're loading up the choppers 'bout to take a ride around," a lyric in the song says.
While it may not mention their name, the rap song seems to tell them story.
"...just made the news. Said we just shot a baby," the rapper said.
"Shooting *bleep* in broad day and hit some kid while they were napping," another lyric revealed.
Family members said even though the shooting happened early in the morning, the tune by Memphis rapper Don Trip details the day Stokes was killed.
"We pull up and pulled those rockets out and let them spray," Trip described in the song.
"Why would they kill my daughter?" Joyce Stokes said.
Cateria's mother was in tears Wednesday when we played them the song.
"It hurt me so bad that somebody want to get fame and glory -- and get famous off my daughter getting killed in their sleep," Stokes said.
The shooting described in the song was about revenge, but the rapper reveals the gunmen never hit their intended target.
"We thought we got at little buddy, but we got the wrong addy," Trip described in the song.
"They already said it's the wrong house," Stokes said. "They knew they shot the wrong house up. I ain't had anything to do with them people shooting up my house, and kill my daughter, and shoot my brother."
Stokes hopes the police take the video seriously and, at least, question the rapper.
"Find out what you know -- why you did it. You know more about my daughter's murder and where they at," Stokes said.
Memphis Police told WREG they were aware of the song.
However, a spokesperson would only say officers are investigating.
Stokes wants the rapper to talk to them in person about the song.
"He put that out in the streets about my family," Stokes said. "They didn't call no names, but everybody knows who they're talking about."
Police said no charges have been filed in Cateria's case.
It is worth noting that rappers often make songs about things happening around them. It doesn't always mean they were involved.
Stokes says the rapper who made the song went to high school with one of their sons.
Rice earns high marks in annual grad rates report
Rice and Texas Southern occupied opposite poles of the NCAA's annual graduation rates report issued Tuesday.
Rice said it ranked sixth among Football Bowl Subdivision schools in the annual Graduation Success Report, graduating 95 percent of student-athletes who enrolled as freshmen from 2001-02 through 2004-05. Ninety-three percent of football players received degrees within six years, trailing only Notre Dame and Northwestern.
"These numbers continue to reflect the outstanding efforts of all our student-athletes," Rice athletic director Rick Greenspan said. "Every young man and woman who accepts the offer to compete for Rice does so knowing that there are high expectations both in the classroom and on the playing field. They take great pride in extending this legacy of excellence and we celebrate their achievements."
TSU, meanwhile, ranked second from the bottom among Division I football programs, graduating only 37 percent of its football players for the four-year period measured by the NCAA. TSU athletic director Charles McClelland was not immediately available for comment Tuesday.
Stephen F. Austin football also ranked in the bottom 10 at 39 percent.
Rice running back Jeremy Eddington, left, and Tulsa defensive back Lowell Rose let their fingers do some walking on each other's face masks. Rice running back Jeremy Eddington, left, and Tulsa defensive back Lowell Rose let their fingers do some walking on each other's face masks. Photo: Nathan Lindstrom Photo: Nathan Lindstrom Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Rice earns high marks in annual grad rates report 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Among other Texas football programs, TCU trailed Rice at 78 percent, followed by SMU at 68 percent and Baylor at 62 percent. Texas A&M was at 59 percent, and Texas and Houston each were at 57 percent.
Nationwide, the NCAA said that 82 percent of student-athletes who enrolled in 2004-05 graduated within six years, a record, and the four-class measure from 2001 through 2004 averaged 80 percent.
"These numbers are real, important indicators of the work we've done," said Walter Harrison, president of the University of Hartford and chair of the NCAA's committee on academic performance.
For all student-athletes, UH's GSR was 69 percent, including 38 percent for men's basketball, 68 percent for women's basketball and 72 percent for baseball. Rice was at 92 percent, 93 percent and 91 percent respectively.
Prairie View A&M graduated 63 percent of all student-athletes within six years, according to the NCAA numbers, to TSU's 45 percent. Texas was at 74 percent and A&M at 73 percent.
The GSR numbers issued Tuesday are different from the NCAA's Academic Progress Rate report, which measure retention and progress toward a degree and carry penalties for schools that do not meet minimum standards.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
david.barron@chron.com
A Review of the Kindle Fire by our webmaster. This review is not an official position or advice from Project Gutenberg or the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.
This review was written for the 2012 models. Much of what is said is still valid for the 2013 models.
Summary (advice from 2012)
Don't buy a Kindle Fire, buy a Nexus 7 instead.
Or buy one of the not-Fire Kindle models if you can live with an e-ink screen.
Details (advice from 2012)
If you want to read free eBooks, don't buy the Kindle Fire. Amazon has locked down the Fire to make it hard to get any content to it you didn't buy from Amazon. It is a huge step back in freedom from the Kindle 3.
Even Apple has not gone so far as Amazon in locking down their devices. You can easily download and read eBooks on Apple devices using only the standard apps.
You can get free eBooks to the Fire too, but the process is so cumbersome that it isn't worth the trouble given the alternative of buying a Nexus 7, which handles free eBooks with ease.
To be specific, there is no way to download free books from the web and have the Kindle Fire store them permanently or in the same places where your books from Amazon are kept. This was easy with the Kindle 3. No more. To work around this deliberate limitation of the Kindle Fire you have to either:
Use a PC to send your files to the Kindle Fire, but that will work only near your PC, or
install a third party app called a file manager and manually move every book you downloaded into the right folder, but that makes every download of a new book into a dozen-clicks affair instead of a one-click task like on the Kindle 3, or
install a third party EPUB reader and download free EPUB books instead of free Kindle books, but that implies learning and using two different apps to read books on the same device.
If the Kindle Fire was the only game in town you'd have to swallow all this, but fortunately there's an alternative that doesn't impose all these limitations on you and costs even less.
Buying the Google Nexus 7 you get virtually the same hardware and save $25.
The smallest Nexus 7 costs the same as the smallest Kindle Fire but includes a wall charger, which costs $10 extra for the Kindle and has no annoying ads on the screensaver, which costs another $15 to disable on the Kindle.
The bigger Fire models also have Nexus equivalents which cost less.
To read Project Gutenberg ebooks on your Kindle Fire
Please see our general mobile reader how-to.
If we're serious about holding our elected representatives to account, further reform of commons select committees like science and technology is vital. Guest post by Christopher Tyler
Select committees are not glamorous, but in terms of holding the government to account, they are more respectable than the media and more constructive than Them Majesty's opposition.
These cross-party, backbench MPs, are not part of the executive, and therefore cut through much of the political nonsense – party or otherwise – and conduct honest, diligent scrutiny of each government department.
The system works well and has been largely unchanged for decades.
Recent alterations to the machinery – such as the election of members (rather than appointment by whips) – show no sign of diminishing the most important and distinct cultural trait of commons selects committees, namely that MPs leave party politics at the committee room door.
Select committee recommendations make a significant impact on the UK's policy landscape. The science and technology committee – my personal favourite – has in recent years provided crucial advice to government on science and abortion law, science policy, and science advice. It brought engineering out of the public affairs wilderness, put the critically important issue of geoengineering on the political map, and gave tactical clout to science advisers in government.
But some unnecessary flaws in the design of select committees make these successes and others more hard-fought than they needed to be, and continue to prevent potentially valuable recommendations from hitting their mark.
Three simple changes could make select committees much more effective:
Quality: Reduce the number of select committees
MPs who are part of the government, part of the opposition front bench, or who are whips, are not permitted (for obvious reasons) to sit on select committees. This means that there is roughly one select committee place per eligible MP. Consequently, serving on a select committee is a routine rather than a hard-fought honour, and attendance on committees is often low.
If the number of select committees were reduced, this would reduce the number of places and increase the competition for places. The departmental link would have to be broken, but broader remits with competent and fully attended committees would more than make up the difference. Places on committees would once again be competitive and the best people would sit on them.
Power: The power to call for real evidence
Select committees have the power to call people to appear as witnesses and for papers and records to be sent to the committee for scrutiny (rather like a court of law). There are two exceptions. One is the royal family, which is not relevant here. The second, which is extremely relevant, considering the role of select committees to scrutinise government, is government.
It seems incredible that select committees do not have the power to call ministers to appear before them, and that they do not have the power to demand to see government papers. I have observed select committees forced to resort to the Freedom of Information Act to get hold of government papers, and still be refused them. This is constitutional nonsense and should be corrected by parliament at the earliest opportunity.
Tools: Evidence checks
Most inquiries take the format of a committee deciding on a topic, putting out a call for evidence, cross-examining some witnesses – the last of whom are from government – and then writing a report with a bunch of recommendations. This works fine, but with one small flaw, and one more significant consequence.
The small flaw is that, because government gives oral evidence after everyone else, it has a strategic advantage: time. It is not uncommon, for example, for the government to get out ahead of a select committee report by taking action in an area in which a select committee will soon report, just so that they can say, "we are already doing that".
The significant consequence is that, in the plethora of submissions that select committees receive, the central notion of "evidence" often gets lost. Stakeholders argue their positions and the government argues theirs. Politics reigns and reason loses out.
While I was working for the science and technology select committee, I came up with an alternative model which the Committee dubbed the "evidence check". The process was to send a request to government asking two questions of each of 10 topics. The questions were: what is the policy? and, what is the evidence on which that policy is based? From the responses – which were published – we selected topics to pursue further.
This format had two powerful benefits. First, it meant that at the start of the process the government's position was out in the open. The government had no room to hide and no time to issue a distraction, and scrutiny was able to take its natural course.
Second, it forced a focus on tangible, testable evidence, and how such evidence was used in policy formulation. That kind of rigour is crucial for policy scrutiny.
It might seem that an emphasis on evidence is particularly relevant to a committee on science and technology. But in fact, evidence is, or should be, a crucial part of policy across all government departments. That is why every government department has a chief scientific adviser (except the Treasury, which will surely get one soon).
The "evidence check" approach is therefore wholly appropriate for every select committee and would increase their impact dramatically.
These three simple changes would make our parliamentary democracy much stronger. If we are serious about our elected representatives holding the government to account, they should have the tools to do so: high quality committees, with serious powers and sharp tools.
Dr Christopher Tyler is a executive director of the University of Cambridge Centre for Science and Policy
Free JavaScript / AJAX Error Monitoring via Google Analytics
January 19, 2016
I tried Sentry. I wasn't impressed. It caused an error on my AngularJS application which was efficient in proving that the error tracking worked. As for the error itself, the documentation/forum data was lacking for me to be able to fix it. I assume it could be version conflicts as the app I'm working on is still on Angular 1.2.x
Anyway, that is besides the point. The world renowned JavaScript Consultant – David Walsh had an awesome solution, which I adapted for my own use where I updated it to work with the newer version of Google Analytics, which is called analytics.js or Universal Analytics. It's the latest version.
<script> window.addEventListener('error', function (e) { ga('send', 'exception', { exDescription: 'JavaScript Error ' + e.message + ' ' + e.filename + ': ' + e.lineno }); }); jQuery(document).ajaxError(function (e, request, settings) { ga('send', 'exception', { exDescription: 'Ajax Error ' + settings.url + ' ' + e.result }); }); </script> 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 <script> window . addEventListener ( 'error' , function ( e ) { ga ( 'send' , 'exception' , { exDescription : 'JavaScript Error ' + e . message + ' ' + e . filename + ': ' + e . lineno } ) ; } ) ; jQuery ( document ) . ajaxError ( function ( e , request , settings ) { ga ( 'send' , 'exception' , { exDescription : 'Ajax Error ' + settings . url + ' ' + e . result } ) ; } ) ; </script>
jQuery is used here to track AJAX errors from your frontend. It's optional but highly recommended. I'm used to using the explicit jQuery instead of $ .
The next part is to add a custom Dashboard to be able to actually see these errors. You can ‘import from gallery' and search ‘exception', or alternatively you should be able to get the dashboard here.
The end result
By the way, the big error you see was caused by Sentry, and it's a pretty standard AngularJS type error. Hopefully this is of some use to you!
Alliance Defending Freedom is demanding a retraction and apology from ABC News after reporters smeared one of the nation's most respected religious liberty law firms as a ‘hate group.'
Click here for a free subscription to Todd's newsletter: a must-read for Conservatives!
ABC News reporters Pete Madden and Erin Galloway wrote a scathing report on a speech Attorney General Jeff Sessions delivered behind closed doors at the Summit on Religious Liberty at the Ritz-Carlton in Dana Point, California.
“Jeff Sessions addresses ‘anti-LGBT hate group,' but DOJ won't release their remarks,” read the explosive headline.
“Attorney General Jeff Sessions delivered a speech to an alleged hate group at an event closed to reporters on Tuesday night, but the Department of Justice is refusing to reveal what they said,” read the lead paragraph of the Madden-Galloway hit piece.
To continue reading at ToddStarnes.com click here.
WASHINGTON, June 2 (UPI) -- U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner, D-N.Y., said a lewd photo of a man in their underpants sent from their Twitter account may have been "taken out of context."
It's possible the photo, sent to a female college student in Washington state, started out as a private photo and somehow got used in a way they didn't intend, Weiner said in MSNBC's "The Rachel Maddow Show" Wednesday night.
"Or it could have been a photograph that was taken out of context or manipulated or changed in some way so maybe it did, it did -- or maybe it's a photograph that was dropped into an account from somewhere else," they told the program. "I can't say. I don't want to cast this net wider by saying it's someone else, so I'm going to say that I can't say with certitude that it's me or it's not."
Weiner, a six-term member of Congress who has been under pressure since last weekend to answer questions about the controversy, reiterated they had not sent the photo from their Twitter account.
Earlier, in a CNN interview, Wolf Blitzer asked Weiner if they had ever taken a photo like that of himself.
"There are – I have photographs," Weiner replied. "I don't know what photographs are out there in the world of me. I don't know what things have been manipulated and doctored."
The questions arose after Weiner's Twitter-related photo-sharing account sent a sexually suggestive photo of a man from the waist down, wearing only boxer briefs, to Gennette Cordova, a 21-year-old student at Whatcom Community College in Bellingham, Wash.
Cordova is listed as a fan of the member of congress but says they never met him. They once jokingly called them "my boyfriend," the New York Daily News reported.
Weiner's office said their Twitter account had been hacked, and the member of congress quickly took the photo down.
Weiner, 46,is married to U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin, 35.
Former President Bill Clinton presided at the Weiners' wedding July 10, 2010, at a 109,000-square-foot mansion known as Oheka Castle on the Gold Coast of New York's Long Island. The mansion -- the second-largest private home in the United States -- was the country home of late-19th century, early-20th century financier and philanthropist Otto Kahn.
As Yogi Adityanath takes over as the Chief Minister (CM) of Uttar Pradesh, technically they may also be the first CM of the state who has no caste. Even though Adityanath was born in a Rajput family, they have received the deeksha of the Nāth tradition of monks.  They are the mahant of Gorakhnāth temple.
The Nāth tradition is credited with the creation of Hatha Yoga system in India. Followers of this tradition have generated their literature in local languages and spread the system across India, producing many saints, who lived with the people. They became their mentors in a non obtrusive way. The most prominent of the Nāth tradition monks is Gorakhnāth, who has shrines dedicated to them all over India. Even in the deep south of Tamil Nadu one can find shrines set to be established by Gorakhnāth. In Tamil tradition, they are considered one of the 18 siddhars. Gorakṣanāth or Gorakhnāth is known in Tamil Nadu as gorakkar. The Nāth tradition has a pan-Hindu character in the sense they even have Jain sub-traditions.
These saints are also associated with an illustrious Hindu ruler, who not only fought against the Arab invaders but perhaps was the only ruler who took the fight into the enemy territory. According to Ekalinga Mahātmyā, the ninth king of Guha (Guhilot) clan in Rajasthan was called Bappā Rāwal. They were deprived of their kingdom when they were a prince and it was Gorakhnāth, who gave them an invincible sword and inspired them to unite the different Hindu chieftains into an alliance to fight the invaders.
Advertisement
According to legends, Guru Gorakhnāth told Bappā Rāwal that they and their people would be called Gorkhs, who liberated Afghanistan from Islamic rule. Not only the Mewar dynasty in Rajasthan but the city of Rawalpindi in Pakistan was also founded by Bappā Rāwal. The Gorkhas of Nepal also trace their origin to them and the Goraknāth tradition. Perhaps in him, apart from the imperial Cholas, who also had Shaivaite inspiration, we have a Hindu ruler who is said to have expanded their empire outside India. Legend says after driving away the enemies they went on an expedition westwards and conquered Kabul, Kandhar, Ispahan, Iran and Turan. Even in Baluchistan, Gorakhnāth temple remains, to this day, a place of worship where the pilgrims are taken by Nāgnāthi-Rāwals. A section of Pathans consider themselves the descendants of Rawal.
Historians have debated whether Rāwal was only a legend. Whether they expanded Indic empire westwards or not, they definitely stood against the Islamist invasions of the eighth century and is a dominant memory in the collective Hindu consciousness.
Historian R C Mazumdar says that Rawal was not purely a legend and that they were a distinguished warrior ruler, who gave not only a successful resistance to the invaders but recaptured key provinces from them. The Gorakhnāth-nurtured Rawal dynasty also built harmonious relations with tribal clans. Thus Rawal had as their closest companions two Bhils, and they had the right to seat the Rawal descendants on the throne holding their hands. The applying of traditional tilak on the forehead of the king of Rawal descendants was also done by Bhils.
Advertisement
It is interesting to see that today a Rajput-born yogi of Gorakhnāth tradition being given the reigns of power after a pan Hindu consolidation in UP. Perhaps this will further destroy caste divisions and allow UP to set sail strongly in the direction of development.
It seems like every entrepreneur is on a crusade to sell their company for millions – scratch that – billions. The recent tech startup acquisitions have earned entrepreneurs billions; it's inflating egos and creating a skewed perception of success.
Worse yet might be following a pre-defined career path with the hopes of using your overly expensive education to make a living and score the highest salary. Cultural conditioning implores us to do so. Your parents would be proud. But is it the way to go?
Sure, taking a six-figure salary is great. I have done it and so have many of my friends. But we were left with an incredible sense of emptiness – a lack of passion. Feeling like a robot quickly overtook the excitement of depositing that first paycheck.
President Obama, in their speech to the Campus Progress Annual Conference, once said, “It's very easy to go chasing after the big house and the large salary and the nice suits and all the other things that our money culture says you should buy. But I hope you don't. Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.”
Take note. Even the President wants you to pursue something more than a paycheck.
Your Life Is Measured in Memories
“We do not remember days; we remember moments.” ~ Cesare Pavese
You know the guy who gave up their fast-paced job to work at a non-profit? You know that girl with a PhD who spent years trying to discover herself, only to find themselves running a local book shop? These people surround us. They may not be on the cover of Forbes (yet), but they are out there . They are happy and pursuing a meaningful life. They are creating memories, collecting stories to tell their grandchildren and paving the way for a younger generation.
It reminds me of an episode of a show that only ran for two seasons, Trauma. There is this one scene where the paramedics are called to an elderly woman's house, possibly for the last time. As the paramedic enters the old house and moves into the living room for the first time, they take note of the many jars of sand collected from beaches from all over the world.
As the old woman catches the paramedic's amazed eye, they quietly whisper with a smile, “I lived a good life.” This woman had no known family, no money and was on their deathbed, but pursued a life rich with travel and fond memories. That was the only thing they needed to take with them to the grave.
Money Can't Buy You Happiness
“You're not how much money you have in the bank. You're not the car you drive. You're not the contents of your wallet.” ~Tyler Durden, Fight Club
After a certain point, the amount of money you have is not directly correlated to happiness. A 2010 study by Nobel Prize winning economist Daniel Kahneman shows that money and happiness are only correlated to a certain point. That point? $75,000 a year. After that, every dollar extra you make fails to produce any meaningful difference in your level of happiness. That means, on average, having enough money to get by is enough to make you happy.
Pursuing a life of six-figure salaries and a billion dollar acquisitions may work for some, but the numbers are few. If you aren't happy with what you are doing, it's time to step back and discover your WHY because money simply isn't enough on its own.
It's easy to get swept away by the idea of living a life of luxury. But what personal sacrifice does it take to get you there and is it really worth it? Don't let the numbers on your paycheck dictate who you are or define your ambition.
Seek to be fulfilled by a career meaningful to YOU. Working for money shows a poverty of ambition. Don't let it happen to you. Make sure your career (your “WHY”) is worthy of your life.
What do you do for a living? Is it fulfilling and ambitious?
The Mississippi River delta is a rich ecosystem of barrier islands, estuaries, and wetlands that's home to a diverse mix of wildlife — as well as more than 2 million people. Over the past few decades, the shape of the delta has changed significantly, as ocean waves have carved away at the coastline, and marshes lacking new river sediment have submerged habitats.
To keep flooding at bay, engineers have erected dams and levees along the river. However, it's unclear how such protective measures will affect the shape of the delta, and affect its communities, over time.
Now researchers from MIT and the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) have devised a simple way to predict a river delta's shape, given two competing factors: how fast a river forces sediment into the ocean, and ocean waves' strength in pushing that sediment back along the coast. Depending on the balance of the two, the coastline of a river delta may take on a smooth “cuspate” shape, or a more pointed “crenulated” outline, resembling a bird's foot.
The new metric may help engineers determine how the shape of deltas around the world may shift in response to engineered structures such as dams and levees, and environmental changes, such as hurricane activity and sea-level rise.
Jaap Nienhuis, a graduate student in the MIT-WHOI Joint Program in Marine Geology and Geophysics, says the effects of climate change, and the human efforts to combat these effects, are already making an impact on river deltas around the world.
“Because there are so many people living on river deltas, you want to know what their morphology or shape will look like in the future,” Nienhuis says. “Rivers globally used to supply a lot of sediment to deltas. But because there are a lot of dams built nowadays, there is not as much sand coming down rivers anymore, so people are very worried about how deltas will evolve, especially with sea-level rise, over the coming centuries.”
Nienhuis, and Andrew Ashton and Liviu Giosan of WHOI, report their results in the journal Geology.
Shaping a shoreline
Over hundreds of thousands of years, a river's sand and silt flow toward the coast, ultimately piling up at a river's mouth in the form of a low-lying delta. A delta's coastline can be relatively smooth, with most sand depositing from the main river, or it can fan out in the shape of a bird's foot, as the river bifurcates into tributaries and channels, each of which deposits sand in finger-like projections.
Scientists often characterize a delta as either river-dominated or wave-dominated.
In a wave-dominated delta, such as the Nile River delta in Egypt, incoming ocean waves are stronger than the river. As a result, waves push outflowing sediment back along the coast, effectively smoothing the coastline. By contrast, a river-dominated delta, such as the Mississippi's, is shaped by a stronger river, which deposits sand faster than ocean waves can push back, creating a crenulated coastline.
While this relationship between rivers and ocean waves is generally understood, Nienhuis says there was previously no formal way to determine when a delta will tip toward a smooth or pointy shape.
The researchers came up with a simple ratio to predict a delta's shape, based on a river's sediment flux, or the flow rate of sediment through a river, and how much sediment ocean waves can move along the coast, determined by a wave's height, frequency, and angle of approach.
Based on the various factors that determine the overall ratio, the team determined the point at which a delta would no longer have a smooth outline, shaped by ocean waves, but instead, a pointy coastline, influenced more by the river.
“At some point there's so much sediment that you exceed the maximum of what waves can do,” Nienhuis says, “and then you become a ‘bird foot,' or river-dominated delta, because the river is so much stronger.”
A delta's tipping point
Nienhuis and their colleagues applied the new method to 25 river deltas on the north shore of the Indonesian island of Java, a region where sediments have deposited on a shallow continental shelf, creating a wide variety of delta shapes.
For each delta, the team used a global wave model developed by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to determine the height, frequency, and direction of each incoming wave. The researchers also used a model to determine the corresponding river's sediment flux.
Using data from both models, Nienhuis determined the ratio of river to ocean wave strength for each delta, and found that those deltas with a ratio greater than or equal to 1 were more likely to have multiple river channels, with deltas that project out from the shoreline. An important factor determining this transition turned out to be the range of angles at which ocean waves generally approach the coast: If waves come from a variety of directions over time, they are less able to smooth out the amount of sediment coming from a river, tipping a delta's shape toward a river-dominated morphology.
Nienhuis says the group's method may help engineers predict the shape a delta may take if erected dams or levees change a river's sediment flow. Similarly, the method may estimate the evolution of deltas with climate change, as rising sea levels and increased hurricane activity will likely alter the behavior and magnitude of ocean waves.
Douglas Edmonds, an assistant professor of geological sciences at Indiana University who was not involved in the research, says the new model “is a powerful advance, because it allows engineers and environmental managers to make informed predictions about how to restore deltas that are drowning. For example, in places like coastal Louisiana, substantial funds are needed to divert water and sediment from rivers into drowning areas to build new deltaic land. To make sure these diversions are successful, we need to predict how that new deltaic land will evolve. Nienhuis et al. have provided an important blueprint toward that end.”
This research was funded in part by the National Science Foundation.
One Sunday morning, while trawling Twitter and nursing my first mug of coffee of the day, I scrolled past a missive from a single, childless Austinite: "Quack's at 8am on a Sunday is a kidpocalyptic nightmare." My immediate response was to unfollow this person, because if Hyde Park families can't go get a muffin at 8am on a Sunday without being subject to public criticism, when can they?
For people just trying to get a meal in peace, sharing space with rambunctious kids is likely a maddening experience. But for parents, it can be anxiety-producing to take kids out in public and hope that they step correct, which includes using both inside voices and utensils. When we take our kids out to eat, we're not just giving ourselves a pass on cooking; we're training their palates (ideally), and we're teaching them how to be in the world, including interacting with new people, sounds, and smells.
Every parent has a horror story about a meal out gone wrong. When our oldest child was a toddler, we were loudly scolded in a restaurant by a man who'd felt our son's happy sounds had ruined their late lunch. "When my two oldest kiddos were young, we were outside at the playground at Waterloo for lunch on a weekday afternoon," says local author Kari Anne Roy. "These dudes in suits sitting by the playground told me the kids were too loud. I was like, 'Oh, hey, maybe try having your business lunch not at a playground, you fool.' And I let the kids keep playing, even though I got all kinds of huffs and side-eye from the dudes who did not move."
“I think we could all work to see the other perspective a bit more and understand each other's viewpoint and circumstance.” – Ned Lavelle, Pinthouse Pizza
Part of the problem may be that the restaurant industry as we know it, especially restaurants that cater to families, are conditioning us and our kids to expect some sort of entertainment, from full-blown playgrounds on-site to kids' menus that serve as distractions during the interminable wait for a plate of chicken nuggets.
In many ways, the innovation of the children's menu changed the ways that families move through public spaces, for better and for worse. Indeed, the children's menu is the story of America, from Manifest Destiny to the postwar baby boom to now more than ever, the importance of civil discourse, common courtesy, and empathy.
Michele Humes, writing in Slate, links the evolution of the kids' menu to Prohibition, when restaurants and hotels had to find new ways to generate revenue in the absence of liquor sales. Along with Prohibition came increased access to the public sphere for women, who, less bound to the ideals of the cult of domesticity, could dine in public without male chaperones, which meant that more mothers were taking meals with their children outside of their homes.
The children's menu really started coming into its own in the Fifties, as postwar prosperity and the rise of suburbia birthed a booming car culture. The 1956 Federal-Aid Highway Act connected major cities across the United States with an interstate highway system, and automobile travel became a national pastime. All of these American families traversing the country by car needed something to eat, creating a demand for restaurants offering convenient, economical meals that could be eaten on the go.
These restaurants made kids' menus entertaining, offering not only highly anticipated activity books, but also straight-up swag. Howard Johnson's "Amuse-a-Menu" wedded popular culture juggernauts like 2001: A Space Odyssey with kids' fare by offering an omnibus comic book and menu. Burger Chef offered decorations with which children could adorn their bicycle spokes, along with stickers, tic-tac-toe games, and iron-ons featuring anthropomorphic burger toppings.
Americans dined out more than in previous generations during the Fifties and Sixties, and kids' items began to occupy their own real estate on dine-in restaurant menus as a result. A July 1969 Foley's Terrace Menu from Houston features a "Children's Specialties" section, including a chicken drumstick with mashed potatoes and gravy and "just a bite" of vegetables for 55 cents; a Satellite [peanut butter and jelly] Sandwich for 35 cents, and a Pixie Clown Sundae for 30 cents.
It wasn't long before kids were given their own restaurants. In 1977, the first Chuck E. Cheese's Pizza Time Theatre opened in San Jose, Calif. The brainchild of Nolan Bushnell, co-creator of the groundbreaking video game Pong, was born of a desire to introduce younger audiences to video games. Bushnell, who worked for Atari at the time, conceived of a family-friendly entertainment complex that included food, "live" entertainment (via animatronic characters including the chain's eponymous mouse), and an arcade.
Today's parents grew up thinking of dining out as entertainment, even if they're not taking their own kids to Chuck E. Cheese's, which may explain why so many diners find themselves bearing witness to interpersonal conflagrations in the restaurant space. Someone's child is running around the dining room, nearly tripping a server carrying a tray of hot food. A toddler is banging silverware on the table and china unchecked, rattling the nerves of everyone within earshot. Another kid is watching videos at top volume on their mom's phone, sans headphones. It's not uncommon to see parents who checked their duties at the door, turning the communal space of the dining room into a playroom and making everyone else around them miserable in the process.
It's such a rampant practice that when someone posted a screed on Austin Reddit in January titled "Pinthouse Pizza would be awesome if y'all stopped treating it like a daycare," hundreds of people chimed in with their tales of witnessing parents ignoring their children's bad behavior in favor of their beer/frosty margs/what have you.
"Ultimately we are about community and hospitality," says Ned Lavelle of the craft beer and pizza joint caught in the crosshairs of this debate. "Our community and our engagement with it is important to our team and owners. We want all guests to have a great experience with us. We want to support both families looking to go out to eat and those that just want to get a beer. I think we could all work to see the other perspective a bit more and understand each other's viewpoint and circumstance."
"The cornerstone of the restaurant is hospitality," says Rene Ortiz of Launderette, which offers a unique combination of chef-driven dining with a child-friendly ethos, from the Wikki Stix fun packs to the accessible kids' menu to those famous birthday cake ice cream sandwiches. "What we wanted to achieve with Launderette was a family-friendly neighborhood cafe that provides zero judgment. We provide hospitality to every individual who comes to the restaurant, from the smallest person to the biggest person."
That said, they continue, "you don't run in a restaurant. That's not etiquette." Ultimately, they say, it's up to the parents to teach their children how to behave in restaurants, to be respectful and smart and safe. "When my parents got out of church on Friday night, we would be at the taqueria sitting there going to sleep. But they were there talking, having a good time, having some drinks," they say. "Our parents taught us how to be respectable, to respect other people's stuff. Don't throw stuff on the floor, put a napkin on your lap. Same thing that I'm teaching my kids today: Be respectful. They need to grow up to be great human beings."
But in researching this story, I spoke to many parents of children with special needs, mostly kids on the autism spectrum or who are otherwise neurodivergent, whose experiences suggest that being a respectful human being is a two-way street. "I am mostly scared to take my kids out, because sometimes people assume kids with autism are just assholes," says one mom. "Our list of places we can go is Rudy's, Mighty Fine, and Jason's Deli. A few fast-food joints if we're desperate," says another mom of an extra-special kid. "We do not go anywhere that requires ordering from a server tableside, or anywhere that doesn't have outdoor seating." Another mom of an autistic kid says, "When the waiter scolds your ASD kid for reading a book at the table because it's too loud and you say, 'He's got autism,' they treat you like he's got the plague."
Ultimately, the debate about kids in restaurants comes down to mutual respect, something we're sorely lacking in our current cultural discourse. Perhaps, as we plan our next meal out – or even just our next interactions with human beings – we should take the advice of Kurt Vonnegut, who wrote in God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater, "Hello, babies. Welcome to Earth. ... There's only one rule that I know of, babies – God damn it, you've got to be kind."
by Oliver Lazenby
Filed on 17. Nov, 2015 in Business Briefs
Free parking is returning to downtown Bellingham for the holidays, starting Nov. 27.
This year, the City of Bellingham and the Downtown Bellingham Partnership will allow free parking for up to four hours on the first floor of the Commercial Street Parking Garage, at 1300 Commercial St. The promotion continues until Dec. 25.
Regular rates will apply at all on-street parking meters throughout the holidays.
In the past, the annual holiday promotion focused on free street parking. But this year the City of Bellingham and the Downtown Bellingham Partnership wanted to bring attention to the underused Parking Garage, which is also known as the parkade.
“The Commercial Street Parking Garage is often overlooked as a prime location to park in downtown Bellingham, yet it's only two to four blocks from most restaurants, shops and businesses in downtown,” said Nick Hartrich, executive director of the Downtown Bellingham Partnership, in the news release. “There are more than 70 spaces available on the first floor and offering four hours of free parking there will allow people to do their holiday shopping at their favorite local businesses and still have plenty of time to grab lunch and catch up with a friend.”
The city's 2016 budget includes more than $1 million in improvements to the parkade, including better lighting, a new camera system and improved entrance signage. Renovations should begin in March and take a year to complete.
In November, the city activated a new security system in the parkade with cameras that are monitored 24 hours a day.
Famous Hollywood actor-director Mel Gibson is in Jewish boxing arena once again. However, this time Mel is being punched for Jewish Warner Bros. which has shelved Gibson's movie about Jewish hero, Judah Maccabee under pressure from various angry Jewish groups.
After Warner Brothers announcement, Hungarian-born Joe Eszterhas, the Hollywood screenwriter, who spent more than a year working with Gibson on the movie project – wrote a nine-page letter to Mel Gibson charging them for hating Jews. Some of Gibson's quotes about Jews are old history but others are claimed as Eszterhas' utter fabrications by Mel Gibson.
According to The WRAP, Eszterhas delivered the script in late February. However, Warner production president Greg Silverman described it as lacking in “feeling” and “a sense of triumph”. But Eszterhas has claimed that Gibson never planned to make the movie, and was using them to deflect Gibson's anti-Semitic reputation.
Gibson responded in a letter to Eszterhas, saying: “Both Warner Brothers and I were extraordinarily disappointed with the draft. In 25 years of script development I have never seen a more substandard first draft or a more significant waste of time. The decision not to proceed with you was based on the quality of your script, not on any other factor“.
Last year, Mel Gibson and Warner Bros. announced their plan to produce a movie based on the life of Jewish religious icon Judah Maccabee. It was Gibson's way of pleasing their Jewish critics for producing controversial 2004 movie, The Passion of Christ, based on biblical story of Christ's Crucification at the hands of Jews. However, Jewish leaders were in no mood to let Gibson anything to do with Judaism. Both Abraham Foxman of ADL and Rabbi Marvin Hier of Los Angeles's Simon Wiesenthal Center Museum of Tolerance slammed Gibson for the planned movie.
Abraham Foxman, national director ADL in a statement issued on April 12 – called Mel Gibson “a serial offender, a serial hater, and a serial bigot”. They also speculated that Gibson's anti-Jewish animus “was carefully taught” to them by their father, Hutton Gibson, a well-known Holocaust denier in their own right.
Mybe, Abe Foxman doesn't like to admit that in 1990, the US Department of Justice had investigated Eszterhas' father for authoring anti-Jewish propaganda in Hungary during the 1930s and early 1940s.
In an interview by Andrew Goldman, published by the New York Times (February 2, 2012) – Eszterhas admitted that Gibson's ‘The Passion of Christ‘ was not anti-Semitic and that they loved the movie.
Both Joe Eszterhas and Mel Gibson are Roman Catholic. Gibson has built a beautiful 17-acre church in the Agoura Hills. However, according to Zionist website, Adam Holland (July 14, 2010) – Agoura Hills' former priest, Father Louis Cambell, also hates Jews. In one of their earlier sermons, Father Cambell had claimed that the Crucification of Christ was “the true Holocaust and one defining moment in human history, the Jewish Holocaust cannot be the unique event they claim to be.” Father Cambell, in the sermon, also slammed Pope John Paul II and the New Vatican for “accepting the myth of Holocaust, thus denying the uniqueness and efficacy of the sacrifice of Christ“.
Advertisements
Above: The Canada Line at Marine Dr. Station. Featured photo by Larry Chen.
There's been a lack of clarity when it comes to the big numbers that define the planning of transit systems in Canada. It's particularly evident when transit technology becomes a matter of discussion.
Of course, millions of dollars are at stake. So there's no doubt that when the cost estimate for a major project is higher by so much as a few million dollars, it's the kind of thing that sends transit advocates scrambling to get attention and some people in the media practically screaming.
So I decided to take all the recent and upcoming Light Rail projects in Canada, research their costs and alignment details, and put them in a table for proper comparison. I put the data in a Google spreadsheet:
All projects were included regardless of technology. Alignment was divided by percentage and split into/measured in 7 categories: on-street, above-grade (i.e. elevated), below-grade (i.e. tunnel, open cut), disused R.O.W. (i.e. railway R.O.W., other empty lands), bored tunnel (the most expensive kind of tunnelling), shared-lane (on-street in mixed traffic like a streetcar), and the total at-grade percentage.
Trends
Since the transit planning complaints here in Vancouver always seem to be directed at grade-separation, I decided to focus on seeing if there was a cost trend regarding the amount of grade separation for the line.
Same data as above, but sorted by amount of grade-separation
What I found is that there is a trend that occurs when the chart data is pinpointed on a graph and assessed by percentage, but it's very inconsistent and the projects are all over the map:
Several projects end up below the average and several ends up above it. As an example, there's a difference in the four projects on this chart closest to the 100% mark. The highest mark is for the proposed Scarborough extension of Toronto's Bloor-Danforth subway line, which will be fully underground. The lowest mark is from the estimate for a SkyTrain Expo Line extension in Surrey, which will be fully grade-separated but built in an elevated guideway as opposed to a tunnel.
Despite the use of grade-separation, many of the highest-cost projects are not fully grade-separated and feature many at-grade segments that can limit potential. Even projects with only about 20% grade-separation can come close to or even breach $200 million per km.
Below-grade segments
In order to account for the differences associated with much more expensive below-grade (tunnelled) segments, I took the data and assessed it by percentage below-grade and found a much steeper and more consistent trend-line:
The amount of systems at the 100% mark has decreased from 4 to 3, and the trend-line now hits the middle of these three dots. The middle dot, closest to the line, is the current ongoing extension of Toronto's Yonge-University Spadina subway line. The lowest dot is the cost estimate for the ‘Broadway Subway' (the Millennium Line's proposed extension down Broadway), which is below the trend-line but is built around a medium-capacity system unlike Toronto's fully-fledged, high-capacity subway.
Still, there are some differences to account for in terms of alignment. At the 45-50% mark there are two projects that deviate both from the trend-line and from each other.
The higher of these two marks, at $279 million per km, is the Eglinton Crosstown LRT being built in Toronto. The Crosstown was planned as an on-street LRT system, but the central portion will be placed in a 10km dual underground bored tunnel, which spans more than half of the final construction. The lower of these two marks is actually our SkyTrain system's Canada Line. The Canada Line is a fully grade-separated light metro and a slightly higher total percentage of it is below grade. However, only a much smaller portion of this is expensive bored tunnel – the rest was done as less expensive cut-and-cover. Therefore, it manages to be less expensive despite the full grade-separation.
Bored tunnels
To account for that difference I created one more plot excluding everything but projects with bored tunnel segments. The plot line managed to stay the almost same, and the relationship between high capital costs and tunnels is thus made clear:
Since only 13% of the Canada Line was built in a bored tunnel, it is now to the left of where it was in the last chart and sitting very close to the trend-line (the Eglinton Crosstown is also closer to the trend-line). Meanwhile, our Evergreen Line SkyTrain extension, which encountered challenging soils with its single tunnel bore, is right on the trend-line when set amongst the other systems.
Canada can't be compared to Europe
The Tyee has probably been one of the most prominent to sound the cost-comparison alarm when they published a 2012 article titled, “Why Is TransLink's Price for Light Rail Triple What Other Cities Pay?”
This article surmised that our Light Rail cost estimates are triple what they should be, based on cost estimates being about one-third as much in European and American cities. (And it was, of course, brought up as a way of hurling tomatoes at the idea of a Broadway Subway line – which is still a great idea for a number of reasons).
Interestingly, of all the American cities that could've been chosen in the comparison, it was Minneapolis and its Hiawatha Blue Line. This comparison is invalid as over 80% of the line is placed in either disused R.O.W. or tunnel, with only 20% of it being on-street. All of the other examples are from cities in Europe.
Regardless of whether you believe these numbers or not, the reality is that transit projects and their costs are more complicated than being able to be broken down into a simple cost-per-km value that can apply nationwide, across nations, or across transit projects. There are differences in labour laws, work schedule expectations, material costs, acquisition costs, logistics costs, varying land values, differences in local terrain and differences in economy. All of these need to be accounted for and thus it can't be assumed that a transit project that cost a certain amount in Europe (or any other country, really) could be replicated in Canada for a similar cost.
Here in Vancouver, for example, any big rapid transit projects are likely to cost more than anywhere else in Canada simply because the higher cost of land would likely significantly raise the costs of project elements such as the operations & maintenance centre (OMC).
Despite this, at the end of the day, both the Broadway Subway and the LRT proposals were consistent with the trendlines across Canadian rapid transit systems.
On-street LRTs
To further address the point raised by The Tyee, I compiled one more chart between the predominantly on-street LRT systems:
From the wide spectrum in cost of what would otherwise be similar at-grade, on-street LRTs, it may appear that The Tyee would have a point. Even this can be explained, however. The two lowest-cost systems on this chart are Kitchener-Waterloo's ION rapid transit and the proposed Victoria LRT system. They also happen to have the highest percentages (44% and 31% respectively) on a disused right-of-way (i.e. beside a railway), which is the least expensive place to build any transit because there's no utility removal, property acquisition or street-scaping work adding to the cost.
In the middle are the Mississauga and Hamilton systems, which are slightly lower than the big-city systems in Greater Vancouver and Greater Toronto (they are also among the 3 systems with occasional mixed-traffic rights-of-way), which seems just right to me. The Mississauga system (Hurontario LRT), in particular, is being built on a wide roadway that in most places still has significant allocations on either side where the roadway can be expanded if necessary (in other words, there's almost no property acquisition).
The cost for a Broadway LRT system is certainly on the high-end of the spectrum. This makes sense as a Broadway system would need to offer the highest capacity of all of these systems and would face street-scaping challenges with the need to stay within property lines (though this won't stop property acquisitions from being necessary at station locations). There's also the uncertainty around an OMC, which would have likely had to be built underground and/or expensively due to the lack of lands along Broadway and high land costs in Vancouver.
Conclusion
In the end, the amount of bored tunnel has a somewhat linear relation with project costs – but grade-separation altogether does not. This doesn't mean we should avoid building systems with bored tunnel segments from end-to-end (at the end of the day, whether to go that far or not should come down to detailed evaluations of each corridor and transportation needs), but what I do hope to achieve with this article is to facilitate an improvement in the discussion of rapid transit projects (Especially capital costs, since it seems to be the only thing people want to talk about when thinking of rapid transit projects – I, of course, completely disagree).
It's time to stop thinking that we can build paradise if we replicate the results of other countries, at the costs those other countries experience – it's impossible. Let's build transit systems that are adapted to the way our cities work, so that we are sure to be rewarded with positive outcomes.
Advertisements
The letter arrived only yesterday, but already your preparations to depart are complete. South across the continent you'll travel, sweeping each city and town you ride through on your way to Marseilles. Your friends, spread across Europe, will be doing the same as you all keep in contact via missives. The Count has returned. He's hiding somewhere, biding their time, spreading their evil influence across the land. And time is of the utmost. You must find Dracula and end their unlife before it's too late.
Fury of Dracula is a hidden movement game in which up to four players take the rolls of hunters, crossing Europe in a desperate search for the infamous vampire lord, Dracula. To succeed, they'll need to work together to close a net around him, corner the fiend, and finally defeat them in combat. As with most hidden movement games, the Dracula player will keep their figure off the board (tracking their movement secretly until sussed out), but unlike other hidden movement games this isn't just a simple cat and mouse ordeal. At any time, Dracula might go on the offensive, and the hunters may suddenly become the hunted. The stakes in this deadly game of hide and seek may just be the highest of any hidden movement game ever published. It's worth a look, brave hunter, if you've the stomach for it.
Weary from several days of travel, you arrive finally in Marseilles. Though in your travels you have acquired several helpful tools that will aid you when you find the Count, you have yet to come across the path of darkness he's been leaving in their wake. By now, half a week has passed and the Count's plans are already in motion. The sun sets as you come upon your destination, and an unnatural fog settles over the port city. It continues to grow until searching becomes impossible. Boats refuse to set sail, and you become lost even wandering the streets. There's no leaving the city until the fog clears. And yet, you can feel the clawed hands of your quarry stirring this mire. He's been here.
A game of Fury of Dracula begins with the hunter players starting anywhere on the board they wish. During the day, they're free to move about the board, acquire useful items and events, reserve train tickets for future movement bonuses, and trade with each other if they're occupying the same city. At night, when Dracula becomes more active, they can repeat any of these actions save for movement. Most players will opt to start spreading out, covering as much ground as possible until finding Dracula's path and closing in on him, but this strategy is also more dangerous. Before they get their hands on holy artifacts, allies, and even guns, hunters are juicy targets for their vampire prey to descend upon.
Dracula starts in much a similar way, on any space they wish...but they don't place their piece on the board. Instead, tracks their movement through a series of facedown cards that they leaf in a “trail” across the side of the board. Should a hunter stumble onto a location in that path, the Dracula player flips it up. If Dracula currently occupies that space, they also place their figure back onto the board. It's up to Dracula if they want to start far off in a corner of the map or in a space adjacent to an unsuspecting target. They gain points needed for their victory if they can create, hide, and mature vampires who remain undiscovered for several turns, but they can also win by beating the hunters in combat. The hunters win if Dracula is killed, though that's a tall order in the first couple turns. How then you choose to start a game of Fury of Dracula, whether you're a hunter or the Count, is completely of your own choosing. Choose wisely.
Each brave hunter commands unique powers, and you'll need each one to bring down Dracula.
Waylaid by the fog, you settle in for a day a of waiting. The streets are a labyrinth within the dense clouds, and even were Dracula to be still in the city you would never manage to locate him. Sitting at a writing desk in your room, you finish penning several letters to send to your friends. Now that you've located the trail, they need to come as soon as possible and aid in your search. A draft crosses your neck in icy pinpricks. The window behind you has come open. You retrieve a pistol from next to the desk and pull a crucifix from your pocket. One can never be too safe. You move quickly across the room and close the window without incident. A sigh of relief stops in your throat as you turn back to your desk to see a familiar cloaked figure, fingers steepled and a bloody grin across their lips. In an instant the grin is gone, fangs bared, and they are upon you!
If you thought chasing Dracula across Europe was a fun game of deception and deduction in itself, you're in for a ride when combat starts. Fights in Fury of Dracula are like a dance between hunter and vampire, each player choosing one card from their hand of possibilities to carefully choreograph against the opponent. For the hunter, these cards include any items obtained and a basic punch, dodge and evade card. They play each card knowing they will remain on the table for a full turn, ensuring the same action cannot be used in two consecutive rounds. For Dracula, the combat hand is always five random cards from their combat deck, having them make due with whatever is drawn. When then is a good time to hold up your garlic? When do you fire those special silver bullets you've been hoarding? And as Dracula, when do you move in for the critical bite attack, potentially ending combat regardless of the Hunter's remaining health? Certain items are spent after use, making their timing even more critical. And of course, are you doing the hunting or are you the weaker party?
All of these factors will influence whether your fight or flight response kicks in... or whether or not you want to look certain death in the face and laugh. During my last game, Dracula assaulted a Hunter on the third turn, who was alone and armed with only bare fists. Convinced of their supremacy they pressed their attack each turn, only to be outfoxed, out-dodged, and punched in the jaw repeatedly. We will tell stories of that defenseless-woman-turned-bare-knuckle-boxing-champ for as long as we continue to play this game.
The monster himself, resplendent in all their dark glory.
The fight has left the furniture in the room upturned and disheveled. Things were going in your favor until, pressing your attack, you brought your pistol to bear. Seizing the opportunity, your quarry had evaporated into a dark mist, and before you could bring up your holy symbol, they had fled. You fling the door to your room open and call to the innkeeper to ready your horse immediately.
You barely have time to pull your belongings together and instruct the landlord to post your letters before riding off. The chase is on!
This game of pursuer and pursued will continue until either Dracula is dead at the hunters' feet, or Europe has fallen to darkness. A timer that tracks the days and weeks that pass in-game ensures that the game doesn't overstay its welcome, generating automatic points for Dracula should the game press on too long. The pressure, then, is on to find them as soon as humanly possible and press after them relentlessly as long as your health will allow. A host of special power cards ensure Dracula is never left without a trick to balance them against being outnumbered, and both players can play special event cards, further adding spice to an already flavorful game. Some of Dracula's location cards also have different backs, for example differing by land or sea, and immediately indicating on their “trail” he's been through a port if they flee by water. Or in fact, if he's gone to Castle Dracula to heal. For what first appears to be a straightforward game of chase-or-be-chased, this is a box that contains so many possibilities that it threatens to burst like a cave of bats spilling out into the inky night.
Try to resist being overly giddy when it's your turn to be Dracula, I dare you.
You'll “get” this game in your first few turns of play, but it will continue to surprise you each time you break it out anew. Fresh strategies will present themselves in startling variety as you grow more accustomed to the rules and cards. Sure you can use Unnatural Fog to close off your path and buy you breathing room when you're on the run, but I was shocked when our Dracula player used it to cover their ambush of another hunter, waltzing in for a fight and back out in relative safety. Similarly, when I last played as Dracula I fell in love with the Wolf Form power, allowing me to fast travel two cities in one move and escape my pursuers. But in our last game, our clever Dracula player noted the card read “you may travel up totwo spaces” and used our miscalculation of their moves to slip right through our fingers (he moved only one space and then hid, allowing us to pass right over him). It's no exaggeration to say either side may go from hearty laughter one turn to sweating bullets for the next three as the tables turn. There are so many ways that, for what appears to be a black and white fight/flee decision game, you can mix up play to suit your personal style. It's so rare to find a game that says, “Play how you want, and have fun as you like,” all the while dripping with theme like the bloody fangs that hide within its box.
This is one game I cannot recommend highly enough. The clincher for my recommendation comes from this final thought I'll leave you with: In every game I've played, no matter who I've taught (including people I'm just meeting for the first time and people who don't play lots of games like this), every single person that has played Fury of Dracula has talked about it excitedly after it ended. What did you do when we lost you over here? You really had us sweating when you attacked that turn. I had set an ambush for you here when you suddenly went off this other way. And all of them say they can't wait to play it again.
A Desk That Can Take A Ton Of Earthquake Rubble
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Ido Bruno Courtesy of Ido Bruno
Call it the little school desk that can.
At 57 pounds, the desk in question is light enough for two students to carry and move around the classroom. At $35 per student, it's affordable enough for many school districts to buy in bulk. And oh yes, tests have shown it can survive a crushing weight of 1,000 kilograms (2,200 pounds) or more.
In other words, this desk can withstand an earthquake — and potentially save students' lives in the process
Building an earthquake-resistant desk was the brainstorm of Arthur Brutter, who came up with the idea in 2010 for their senior project at Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design in Jerusalem. After graduation, they continued to work on the desk with their professor of industrial design, Ido Bruno.
The reasoning behind the desk's usefulness goes like this. The general advice for students in the event of an earthquake is to duck under their desks. But if the furniture isn't sturdy, "duck and cover" won't necessarily help, Bruno points out.
From the start, "we were thinking how this could help in a country with problematic buildings — that is, one- or two-story buildings that were not built to hold out in an earthquake," Bruno says. Such structures are especially prevalent in older cities and across less wealthy countries along earthquake rifts and fault lines, such as Jordan, Turkey, India and Nepal. Indeed, an estimated 5,000 schools were destroyed in Nepal's back-to-back earthquakes.
The desk is made of wood and steel tubes. So how can it absorb up to a ton of impact, as tested by the engineering department of Italy's University of Padua in 2012? The steel creates a framework that can absorb and spread the impact, Bruno says.
Now it may be used in an actual earthquake zone.
About two months ago, Bruno met Brian Tucker, the founder and president of GeoHazards International, a nonprofit that helps developing countries prepare for natural disasters. Bruno, Brutter and Tucker are working on a proposal to bring the desk to schools in earthquake-prone Bhutan. Part of the plan would include training workers to manufacture the desk there — which could help the economy.
Other earthquake-resistant desks are already on the market. But they tend to be reinforced with thick steel plates, making them too heavy for students to carry. And they often carry a hefty price tag to match.
By contrast, Bruno says what they and Brutter designed is more affordable for poor countries or municipalities, especially when you compare it to other earthquake solutions, such as building a new school or strengthening the existing structure. "That would cost anywhere from seven to 14 times as much as buying the tables," Bruno says.
Not everyone is enthusiastic about the desk. "The idea of stronger desks to protect students in earthquake-prone areas is no substitute for assuring that school buildings themselves will not collapse," says Marla Petal, a senior adviser for disaster risk reduction for Save the Children. "The only effective way to ensure the safety of children is to build or retrofit school buildings to well-established standards of earthquake safety."
In principle, Brian Tucker of GeoHazards agrees with Petal: "The long term solution is to build or retrofit schools in accordance with modern building codes," they write in an email. But the desk, they explain, is a cost-effective alternative for the short term.
According to Tucker's estimates, it would cost approximately $1,500 per student to build an earthquake-resistant school, as opposed to approximately $35 per student for each desk (with each $70 desk accommodating two students). From their point of view, "the 'earthquake-strong' desks gives cash-strapped policymakers and international development agencies more options to choose from."
Even in earthquake-safe buildings, objects often fall from above, Bruno adds. This desk could protect students and reduce or prevent injury.
But even a simple desk isn't easy to produce. To become reality, the proposal will require coordination among many different sectors, Bruno says, including Bhutan's Ministry of Education, potential manufacturers in Bhutan, the nonprofit GeoHazards, the Israeli company that owns the license to the desk and perhaps additional funders to support the project. Meanwhile, Bhutan is expected to have a large earthquake in the next few years.
John Oliver thinks voters are crazy for supporting Gary Johnson, Jill Stein
This is what the 2016 election has come to – that voters would either support “Kevin Kline's character from the movie Dave" or "the ghost of Martin Luther King, Jr., assuming they only said the three quotes that white people like" than their party's candidate.
At least that's according to John Oliver, who blasted third-party candidates Gary Johnson and Jill Stein on Sunday's Last Week Tonight.
They dug into each candidate's record, declaring Stein a conspiracy theory-loving politician without principles. As for Johnson, Oliver ruled that he's not the brightest figure in the presidential race.
“He has been polling around 6 percent nationally, which is pretty remarkable, given that their race has been largely notable for moments like not knowing what Aleppo is (and) not being able to name a world leader they admire," they said.
In short, Oliver is less than impressed with the figures American voters think are viable alternatives to Clinton and Trump.
“The more you look at Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, the more you realize the lack of coverage they complain about so much might have genuinely benefitted them,” Oliver warned. “Because their key proposals crumble under the slightest amount of scrutiny."
John Oliver (Photo11: Eric Liebowitz, HBO)
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2eJ0Ocf
Grab a blanket and a good book.
Portland officially owns a nearly three-acre plot of land along a bluff in the Cathedral Park neighborhood that parks officials say is now open for picnics and relaxation.
In March, the Portland City Council signed off on a deal to buy land at North Crawford Street and North Polk Avenue for $880,000, using parks system development charges.
While the bureau is thrilled to add such a scenic property to its portfolio -- the land offers stunning views of the Willamette River's railroad bridge and downtown in the distance -- there's no immediate plan to develop the park or even name it.
"It may be down the line until it's developed," Mark Ross, parks spokesperson said. "But even in its current state, it's quite enjoyable, with killer views."
The property is basically an open grassy area, with two large heritage Oregon white Oak trees.
Portland bought the land from Open Meadow, an alternative high school that has since moved. The school advertised the land and its adjacent classroom and administrative offices for $1.85 million.
In a statement, Commissioner Amanda Fritz said the new parkland adds open space to an area that's "experienced considerable residential growth" in recent years.
According to parks officials, the new park reaches 477 households that until now had no park within one-half mile, and serves 798 households overall.
The Parks Bureau will mow and prune on the property as well as provide trash service, but beyond that, it could be years until the city determines what features and amenities to add.
A formal name is likely years away, too.
"They can call it whatever they like," Ross said, "as long as they enjoy it."
-- Andrew Theen
atheen@oregonian.com
503-294-4026
@cityhallwatch
Dr Kent Brantly, the first American to return to the US from Liberia to be treated for Ebola, donated plasma to Nina Pham
A Dallas nurse who caught Ebola while treating a Liberian patient who died of the disease has received a plasma transfusion donated by a doctor who beat the virus.
Ebola has killed more than 4,000 people nearly all of them in West Africa in an outbreak the World Health Organisation has called “the most severe, acute health emergency seen in modern times.” US health officials say they are ramping up training for medical workers who deal with the infected.
Nurse Nina Pham was among about 70 staff members at Texas Health Presbyterian hospital who cared for Thomas Eric Duncan, according to medical records. They drew their blood, put tubes down their throat and wiped up their diarrhoea. They analysed their urine and wiped saliva from their lips, even after they had lost consciousness.
The 26-year-old nurse was in their room often, from the day they were placed in intensive care until the day before they died.
Nina Pham, 26, became the first person to contract the disease within the United States Photograph: AP
Pham and other health care workers wore protective gear, including gowns, gloves, masks and face shields and sometimes full-body suits when caring for Duncan, but Pham became the first person to contract the disease within the United States. Duncan died on Wednesday.
On Monday night, members of the church that Pham's family attends held a special Mass for them in Fort Worth. The Rev Jim Khoi, of Our Lady of Fatima Church, said Pham's mother told them the nurse had received a transfusion that could save their lives.
“Her mom says that they got the blood from the gentleman, a very good guy. I don't know their name but he's very devoted and a very good guy from somewhere,” Khoi said.
Jeremy Blume, a spokesperson for the nonprofit medical mission group Samaritan's Purse, confirmed that the plasma donation came from Dr Kent Brantly, the first American to return to the US from Liberia to be treated for Ebola. Brantly received an experimental treatment and fought off the virus, and has donated blood for transfusions for three others, including Pham.
“He's a doctor. That's what he's there to do. That's their heart,” Blume said.
Brantly said in a recent speech that they also offered their blood for Duncan, but that their blood types didn't match.
Khoi said Pham's mother assured them the nurse was comfortable and “doing well”, and that the two women had been able to talk via Skype.
Pham had been monitoring their own temperature and went to the hospital on Friday night with a low fever. They were in isolation and in stable condition, health officials said.
Since they tested positive for the disease, public-health authorities have intensified their monitoring of other hospital workers who cared for Duncan.
US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention director, Dr Tom Frieden, said they would not be surprised if more fall ill because Ebola patients become more contagious as the disease progresses.
Pham's name appears frequently throughout the hundreds of pages of medical records provided to the Associated Press by Duncan's family. They show they were in their room on 7 October, the day before they died.
Them notes describe nurses going in and out of Duncan's room wearing protective gear to treat them and to mop the floor with bleach.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Church members sing during evening mass at Our Lady of Fatima Catholic Church in Fort Worth, Texas. Ebola patient Nina Pham is a member at the church. Photograph: Mark Rogers/AP
They also note how they and other nurses ensured Duncan's “privacy and comfort”, and provided “emotional support”.
Frieden has said a breach of protocol led to the nurse's infection, but officials are not sure what went wrong. Pham has not been able to point to any specific breach.
The CDC is monitoring all hospital workers who treated Duncan and planned to “double down” on training and outreach on how to safely treat Ebola patients, Frieden said. They could not provide a number of healthcare workers under surveillance.
Health officials have relied on a “self-monitoring” system when it comes to US healthcare workers who care for isolated Ebola patients. They expect workers to report any potential exposures to the virus and watch themselves for symptoms.
Besides the workers, health officials continue to track 48 people who were in contact with Duncan before they were admitted to the hospital and placed in isolation. They are monitoring one person the nurse was in contact with while they were in an infectious state.
None has exhibited symptoms, Frieden said.
Among the things the CDC will investigate is how the workers took off protective gear, because removing it incorrectly can lead to contamination. Investigators will also look at dialysis and intubation – the insertion of a breathing tube in a patient's airway. Both procedures have the potential to spread the virus.
Duncan, who arrived in the US from Liberia on 20 September, first sought medical care for fever and abdominal pain on 25 September. They told a nurse they had traveled from Africa, but they were sent home. They returned on 28 September and was placed in isolation because of suspected Ebola.
Officials said there was a dog in the nurse's apartment that has been removed to an undisclosed location for monitoring and care. They do not believe the pet shows any signs of Ebola. A dog belonging to an infected Spanish nurse was euthanised, drawing thousands of complaints.
The Ebola outbreak has hit hardest in the west African countries of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
Barnacle geese come from trees that grow over water. These trees produce birds that look like small geese; the young birds hang from their beaks from the trees. When the birds are mature enough, they fall from the trees; any that fall into the water float and are safe, but those that fall on land die.
Sir John Mandeville [14th century CE] (Travels, chapter 29): I told them of as great a marvel to them, that is amongst us, and that was of the Bernakes. For I told them that in our country were trees that bear a fruit that become birds flying, and those that fell in the water live, and they that fall on the earth die anon, and they be right good to man's meat. And hereof had they as great marvel, that some of them trowed it were an impossible thing to be. ( Macmillan edition of 1900)
I'm always interested in learning more about the history of steroids in sports — giving synthetic masculinity to people and then putting the results on global television is a remarkable science experiment. Of course, they don't tell you what the treatments were: you have to guess from clues (e.g., the name “John Smith” is a clue).
(Here's my 1997 National Review article “Track and Battlefield” that revolutionized our understanding of the history and future of the gender gap in sports.)
So here is a new expose from the New York Times on old Soviet practices. It turns out, when read closely, to be less scandalous than you might have assumed without a deep knowledge of track and field historical results:
The Soviet Doping Plan: Document Reveals Illicit Approach to '84 Olympics By REBECCA R. RUIZ AUG. 13, 2016 RIO DE JANEIRO — Late in 1983, months before they announced a boycott of the Los Angeles Olympics, sports officials of the Soviet Union sent detailed instructions to the head of the nation's track and field team. Oral steroid tablets were not enough, they said, to ensure dominance at the Games. The team should also inject its top athletes with three other kinds of anabolic steroids.
In other words, the Soviet sports bureaucracy's policy up through 1983 had been to not inject its athletes with steroids, relying only upon oral steroids. But the 1984 Olympic year, it was decided, would require extreme measures for Soviets to stay competitive with more ambitious rival dopers.
… The potent drugs were critical to keeping up with the competition, they wrote in the instructions.
Who was the competition in late 1983? For example, from Wikipedia:
Jarmila Kratochvílová … is a Czech former track and field athlete.[2] They won the 400 metres and 800 metres at the 1983 World Championships, setting a world record in the 400 m.[3] In 1983, they also set the world record for the 800 metres, which still stands and which is currently the longest-standing individual world record in athletics. Kratochvílová's 1983 400-metre world record of 47.99 seconds stood for only 2 years until it was broken by Marita Koch in 1985. Koch's 400 metre world record of 47.60 seconds still stands as of 2015.[6] Koch and Kratochvílová are the only women who have broken the 48 second barrier in a 400-metre laned race.[6] Kratochvílová's remarkably fast times and their atypical physique[7] spawned rumors of illegal drug use.[8]
The countries that were really pushing the envelope in the mid-1980s were not the Soviets, but some of the Soviets' Warsaw Bloc allies.
Over time during the 1980s, Western athletes went hog wild by the 1988 Olympics.
For example, I saw a then-skinny Florence Griffith-Joyner win the silver medal in the 200m at the L.A. Coliseum in 1984, losing to the suspiciously muscular wife of an NFL player. In track, you really need gold to cash in, so it was back to work at the nail salon for Flo-Jo. Them next big opportunity was the 1987 World Championships, where, still skinny, they finished second again, this time to a doped East German. Frustrated, Flo-Jo then called up Ben Johnson for training advice, and showed up in the spring of 1988 looking like Wonder Woman.
The NYT's expose on the Soviets goes on:
The document — obtained by The New York Times from a former chief medical doctor for Soviet track and field — was signed by Dr. Sergei Portugalov, a Soviet sports doctor who went on to capitalize on a growing interest in new methods of doping. The document, marked confidential, referenced a Nov. 24, 1983, meeting of the Soviet Union sports committee, at which “individual profiles of special pharmacological preparation” had been approved for track and field athletes of all disciplines. But without “injection forms of anabolic steroids,” the officials wrote, a dramatic improvement in Soviet athlete performance at the Summer Olympics was not guaranteed. Now, more than 30 years later, Dr. Portugalov is a central figure in Russia's current doping scandal. Last fall, the World Anti-Doping Agency named them as a key broker of performance-enhancing drugs in Russia, someone who in recent years injected athletes personally and made a business of covering up drug violations in exchange for money. Revelations of the recent schemes, which antidoping authorities said dated back at least a decade, compelled the international governing body for track and field to bar Russia's team from the Rio Games, the most severe doping penalty in Olympic history. At the track and field events here this week, no one will represent Russia, a nation that is usually a fixture on the medals podium. The 1983 document and the account of Dr. Grigory Vorobiev, the former chief medical doctor, who spent more than three decades with the Soviet track team, provide new evidence of how far back Russia's state-sponsored doping stretches. There was only one reason not to inject athletes with anabolic steroids, the officials wrote: the lack of definite information about how long they could be detected in drug tests. … Dr. Vorobiev said they were not sure whether the doping scheme detailed in the 1983 document was carried out. Regardless, the communication captures the results-oriented mentality of the nation's sports committee, which they said intensified over time as athletes became preoccupied with drugs. The officials outlined a plan for administering the steroid injections to candidates for Olympic medals who had performed well in the past while taking low doses of oral steroids. They suggested administering the injections during the first two weeks of March and last week of February 1984, ending the regimen 145 to 157 days before competition began and ensuring that athletes were engaged in “maximum or sub-maximum” training.
In contrast to the Soviet's planned five month lag, before breaking the world record in the 100m in 1988, Canadian Ben Johnson is said to have shot up right in the stadium.
… By the 1970s, they said, most of the several hundred athletes with whom they worked were asking about performance-enhancing drugs, particularly after traveling to international competitions. When athletes sought advice in individual consultations, they said, they told them to take “as low a dose as possible,” cautioning them to watch for cramps or changes in voice as signs that they had overdone it. Most of all, they stressed that drugs were not a substitute for rigorous training. Not everyone chose to use illicit substances, they said, defending Soviet sports as not uniformly tainted. … But low doses of oral steroids were common among top track athletes, Dr. Vorobiev said, asserting that if they had dissuaded them from taking drugs, they would have been blamed for poor results and summarily fired. East Germany, later found to have run an aggressive doping program, was a particular motivator after the 1976 Olympics, in which the country won nearly as many gold medals as the Soviet Union. … Anabolic steroids had been banned by the International Olympic Committee, and testing for them debuted at the 1976 Games, making the regimen that Soviet officials proposed for Los Angeles unambiguously prohibited. Dr. Vorobiev said they had consistently opposed steroid injections — typically administered with a shot in the thigh or buttocks. They considered that method too concentrated and too dangerous, they said. … “A range of data,” the letter said, “proves that the main opponents of Soviet athletes will use the asupervisorstioned injection form of anabolic steroids at the upcoming Olympic Games.”
This article about Soviets using oral steroids but not planning to inject steroids until 1984 confirms my impression from studying track times of the 1970s-1980s: Soviet doping was systematic but rather moderate in dosage.
The really crazy times tended to come out of countries like East Germany and Czechoslovakia, and then out of Canada (e.g., Ben Johnson) and America (Flo-Jo), followed by a weird run in the 1990s by one Chinese regional women's track team.
In general, the Soviets appear to have been more cautious with their athletes' health and reputation than some of their rivals.
Written by Skyler J. Collins.
Parents have a unique responsibility. They have the power to create life, and then the duty to protect it and raise it into a functioning adult. But can we say that this life that they create is theirs in the sense of materialistic ownership? I don't think we can. If we are to apply libertarian property appropriation principles, the one who first appropriates and puts to some use the child's body is its rightful owner. Since the child itself is the first one to do this, albeit with little rational direction, it stands to reason that the child is a self-owner the moment they take their first breath of life (and perhaps before). Therefore, the relationship between parent and child cannot be one of ownership. The most we could call it, I suppose, is flight attendantship. And because the parent does not own their child, what sorts of behaviors and actions toward the child can we consider ethically justified on libertarian grounds?
Hans Hoppe defined the state as, “an agency that exercises a territorial monopoly of ultimate decision-making. That is, it is the ultimate arbiter in every case of conflict, including conflicts involving itself, and it allows no appeal above and beyond itself.” And Murray Rothbard wrote, “the State is that organization in society which attempts to maintain a monopoly of the use of force and violence in a given territorial area.” Let's look at these characteristics as they relate to parenting.
The “authority” of parents clearly extends beyond any spatial considerations. Their authority is not confined to their home only. It extends everywhere in the universe, anywhere their child might be. Because of this, we may say that parents are “an agency that exercises a [relational] monopoly of ultimate decision-making. That is, it is the ultimate arbiter in every case of conflict, including conflicts involving itself, and it allows no appeal above and beyond itself.” This is true. Conflicts between children and between children and their parents are settled, in conventional parenting, by the parents. They allow no appeal, unless the child is old enough and brave enough to approach a third party, such as the police.
Likewise, parental authority is believed to give parents the justified use of force, that parents are “that organization in [the family] which attempts to maintain a monopoly of the use of force and violence.” Parents don't allow their children to use violence against each other, but they permit the use of violence by themselves against their children. Parents can hit, but children cannot. Could we say that if a child doesn't like this arrangement that they are “free to move to another [family]”? Usually not. The parents would never allow it. They would use force to keep their child in their family, and even their home, so long as they are more powerful than their child.
The point of this short essay is clear. Conventional, authoritarian, parenting shares the defining characteristics of the state. Libertarians, and voluntaryists, who despise the state for these same characteristics must not hypocritically take them upon themselves when they have children. They must resist conventional wisdom and seek out non-statist, non-authoritarian alternatives. They certainly exist. If we are to raise the next generation in a culture of liberty and statelessness, we must cultivate a home and family of liberty and statelessness.
If we abhor the state, think it unethical and inefficient, why would we copy it's methods in our homes and families? Why would we who claim that initiatory aggression and violence is evil resort to using it against those we claim to love the most? “For their own good” is the statist defense of initiatory aggression. Let's reject it in theory and in practice.
Android developers across Europe are up in arms as Google hasn't processed their March payments, which should have arrived more than a week ago.
Google pays developers their 70 per cent share every calendar month, normally in the first few days of the month, with the money then taking a few days to clear. But this month dozens of developers haven't had their money, and have been frustrated by the Chocolate Factory's apparent lack of concern.
The developers affected first turned to the Google response forms, but failed to get any response, and then launched an ongoing thread on the Google forums complaining about their inability to get any sensible response. Following several days of enquiry, some developers have managed to get a stock statement from Mountain View, though it offers little in the way of consolation:
Thank you for your email. I've forwarded your query to a Specialist to look in to. Please rest assured that we'll respond with additional information as soon as we have more to share with you. Thanks for your patience in the meantime
Google only communicates with developers through web forms and email addresses, so one just sends in a request and hopes for a response. It's not the first time Google has failed to pay developers on time, but last time the Chocolate Factory shut down the public forums on which its staff used to provide support, so now developers can only submit requests and hope for the best.
For the weekenders, creating apps for fun and a few drinks, then the delay isn't a big deal – Google will, no doubt, sort out the payments eventually – but it definitely strikes the wrong note with the professional developers, the very people Android needs to attract to provide an iOS alternative. ®
The 2015 NFL season is in the books -- and now it's time to turn toward the 2016 NFL Draft. Before the NFL Scouting Combine shines the spotlight on the next crop of incoming talent, Bucky Brooks is taking a division-by-division look back at each NFL team's 2015 rookie class, providing grades and highlighting what teams should be focusing on when they head to Indianapolis.
Despite a disappointing debut season under Rex Ryan, the Bills are heading in the right direction due to the rapid development of their young players on both sides of the ball. Ronald Darby was a legitimate Defensive Rookie of the Year candidate after impressing observers with their sticky cover skills and nasty disposition on the perimeter. The scrappy corner registered 21 passes defensed as a first-year starter, including a pair of interceptions, while displaying an uncanny feel for route recognition. Most impressive: Darby was a punishing tackler capable of stopping ball carriers in their tracks. Tony Steward didn't crack the starting lineup, but carved out a role as a special teams contributor down the stretch. Offensively, Karlos Williams and John Miller exceeded expectations with their strong play. Williams, in particular, flashed outstanding promise as a change-of-pace back. They rushed for over 500 yards and scored nine total touchdowns (seven rushing, two receiving) as LeSean McCoy's primary backup. Miller started 12 games for a Bills offensive line that grew into a solid unit over the course of the season. Grade: A
Combine focus: The Bills, who hold the No. 19 pick, are likely in the market for a defensive end, as Buffalo reportedly plans to release temperamental pass rusher Mario Williams in a salary-cap maneuver. The team could take a long look at Clemson's Shaq Lawson and Kevin Dodd, based on Ryan's affinity for Tigers (his son is on the team). In addition, the team will evaluate Oregon's DeForest Buckner, Oklahoma State's Emmanuel Ogbah and Brigham Young's Bronson Kaufusi to determine if they are ideal fits for a hybrid 3-4 scheme. The Bills also could look at the offensive tackle class, to assess the potential of Michigan State's Jack Conklin, Ohio State's Taylor Decker and Indiana's Jason Spriggs as blind-side protectors.
The Dolphins were expected to contend for the division crown behind a talented rookie class that was supposed to add some sizzle to the lineup. However, Joe Philbin didn't appear to have a solid plan for assimilating the first-year group into the lineup -- and their negligible contributions played a role in their dismissal. DeVante Parker finished the season with 26 receptions and three touchdowns, but didn't make the impact that most anticipated from the team's top pick. Although they closed the season strong (22 of their 26 reception came in Miami's last six games), Parker should've played a much bigger role for the Dolphins as a rookie. Jay Ajayi, who missed time with a chest injury, showed flashes of talent and potential in minimal action. They could take on a bigger role under a new regime as a big back with a physical running style (especially if Lamar Miller leaves in free agency). Jordan Phillips is an impressive talent with a wide array of skills, but they need more seasoning to become a steady contributor in the NFL. Tony Lippett and Bobby McCain are untapped commodities as perky cornerbacks with intriguing instincts and athleticism. Lastly, the Dolphins received solid contributions in the kicking game from undrafted free agents Matt Darr (punter) and Andrew Franks (placekicker). It's uncommon for a pair of rookies to man significant roles on special teams, but Miami's young duo played well in Year 1. Grade: C
Combine focus: The Dolphins, who pick eighth overall, desperately need an alpha dog in the linebacking corps to take the defense to the next level. UCLA's Myles Jack and Notre Dame's Jaylon Smith should be in the team's crosshairs as ultra-talented playmakers with superb instincts and awareness. (Though the Dolphins' medical team needs to get a better feel for their respective recoveries from serious injuries in this past college season.) The team also could use a legitimate CB1 to anchor one side of the field. Thus, Florida State's Jalen Ramsey, Florida's Vernon Hargreaves and Clemson's Mackensie Alexander could garner serious attention from the Miami brass in Indy.
New England is a team that typically relies on veterans to spark success, but Bill Belichick isn't opposed to giving their young players chances throughout the season. Malcom Brown emerged as a solid fixture in the middle of the defense.  They are a power player adept at playing on the other side of the line as a run stopper and opportunistic pass rusher. Jordan Richards and Geneo Grissom earned time as "spot" players in Year 1 -- their continued develop will be critical for the defense. Joe Cardona made a solid contribution as the team's long snapper. Injuries limited Trey Flowers' contributions, but the long, rangy defensive end certainly has potential to make an impact as a situational edge defender. Fourth-rounder Tre' Jackson and undrafted free-agent signee David Andrews played key roles on a patchwork offensive line that constantly reshuffled personnel. Grade: C+
Combine focus: New England lost its first-round pick in the fallout from Deflategate, so that's a key thing to keep in mind during pre-draft evaluations. It is hard to pinpoint the Patriots' offseason focus based on their annual reshuffling of personnel. But the team needs to acquire another dynamic receiver at some point to alleviate the pressure on Rob Gronkowski and Julian Edelman to anchor the passing game. Notre Dame's Will Fuller, Ohio State's Braxton Miller and South Carolina's Pharoh Cooper should get a look. The team also should investigate the running back market to see if there is a young RB1 available to handle duties as an early-down grinder in the offense. Arkansas' Alex Collins and Utah's Devontae Booker possess the diverse skills to take on the job. How well they interview at the combine could determine a potential fit in New England. Defensively, the Patriots could take a flyer on another cornerback to pair opposite Malcolm Butler. LSU's Jalen Mills, Houston's William Jackson III and Oklahoma's Zack Sanchez could garner interest from Belichick.
Credit Todd Bowles and Mike Maccagnan for fortifying Gang Green's biggest strength (defense) with their draft moves. The Jets' brain trust added a franchise defender in Leonard Williams and a solid complementary playmaker in Lorenzo Mauldin. Williams is a star in the making as a destructive interior defender with explosive first-step quickness and superb body control in tight quarters. They registered 63 total stops and three sacks as a hybrid playmaker along the Jets' front line. Maudlin didn't start a game, but made key contributions as a situational pass rusher. They finished the season with four sacks and showed promise as an attack player off the edge. Injuries prevented Devin Smith from making an immediate impact as a deep-ball specialist. They need to make a major leap in Year 2 to bolster an aerial attack that leaned heavily on Brandon Marshall and Eric Decker. Grade: B
Combine focus: The declining play of D'Brickashaw Ferguson should prompt the Jets, who possess the No. 20 pick, to investigate the offensive tackle class to see if they can uncover a franchise tackle. Mississippi's Laremy Tunsil, Notre Dame's Ronnie Stanley, Michigan State's Jack Conklin and Ohio State's Taylor Decker could be under the microscope. On defense, the Jets need a dynamic edge rusher capable of collapsing the pocket off the corner. Eastern Kentucky's Noah Spence, Boise State's Kamalei Correa and Utah State's Kyler Fackrell are intriguing candidates with athleticism and natural rush skills. The team also could investigate the cornerback class, with Darrelle Revis and Antonio Cromartie starting to show signs of slippage in coverage.
Follow Bucky Brooks on Twitter @BuckyBrooks.
Americans for Limited Government and Phyllis Schlafly Eagles are sponsoring the first in a series of rallies designed to call out Republicans in Congress who are obstructing President Donald Trump's legislative agenda. First up is Pennsylvania Representative Charles Dent.
The Lehigh Valley “No Surrender” Rally will take place from noon to 1:30 Friday at Jordan Park in Allentown, Pennsylvania — Dent's hometown.
“For all intents and purposes Dent is a member of the Democratic Caucus,” Rick Manning, president of ALG, told Breitbart News, adding that Dent is more “comfortable” working with liberals like Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) than the conservatives in Congress and the president.
“Charlie Dent's career has been nothing more than a laundry list of abject surrender to the liberal Democrats,” Ed Martin of Phyllis Schlafly Eagles said in a press release announcing the event.
“Americans are fed up and ready to reclaim the mantle of last November's election,” Martin said.
“It's no secret RINO Charlie Dent has been a #NeverTrumper from the very beginning,” a website for the rally states. “During the ‘October surprise' against our President – which sought to kneecap their 2016 election bid – Dent was on board the liberal bandwagon calling for Donald Trump to withdraw their name as the GOP nominee.”
“The chairperson of the RNC must look out for the good of the party as a whole, so they should be working to get Trump to step down,” Dent said.
Politico reported in June that Dent sent a letter to House Speaker Paul Ryan opposing Trump's plan to cut $200 billion of “unnecessary spending” from the federal budget.
“The letter also encourages GOP leaders to work with Democrats to reach a budget agreement setting higher spending levels for fiscal 2018 – something the letter suggests could be paired with a vote to raise the debt ceiling,” Politico reported.
Dent also was one of only two Republicans who voted against defunding Planned Parenthood, the nation's largest abortion provider.
Dent also opposed Trump's effort to temporarily stop people from six countries identified as having active terrorists from coming into the United States.
“You can't do that to people,” Dent said at the time.
Manning said Dent heads up the “Tuesday Group,” which describes itself as a group of “moderate” or “center-right” House members. But Manning said the group is liberal and has fought conservatives in Congress over legislation favored by Trump, including the effort to repeal and replace Obamacare.
And in what is shaping up to be a “bloody September” on Capitol Hill as Congress deals with a massive legislative calendar — including funding relief for the victims of Tropical Storm Harvey in Texas — conservatives want to hold lawmakers accountable.
“On Friday, we will call out liberal Tuesday Group leader Charlie Dent and the entire Pennsylvania Surrender Caucus and tell them to get back in line with the Trump agenda or get out of the way,” Martin said.
“Starting September 1, we will expose Charlie Dent and their liberal Tuesday Group Republicans for surrendering the Trump agenda to Nancy Pelosi and the far Left,” Manning said. “We urge all Trump supporters to join us in Allentown and send a message to Congress to get to work and pass President Trump's agenda.”
They made it up! Police reveal woman who claimed race attack set HERSELF on fire and scrawled KKK on their own car
A stunning race attack alleged by a 20-year-old Louisiana woman appears to be a fabrication as police revealed they set themselves on fire.
Sharmeka Moffitt, who is black, claimed they were doused in lighter fluid and then severely burned by three men wearing white hooded sweatshirts while walking through a park on Sunday night. They also told police that the men wrote 'KKK' on their car.
However, police in Shreveport revealed on Tuesday that they found Ms Moffitt's DNA on the can of lighter fluid used to burn them and their fingerprints on the cigarette lighter that was used to start the fire.
Horrified: The community of Winnsboro, Louisiana is in shock after 20-year-old Sharmeka Moffitt was set on fire in an attack on Sunday night at a community park
Victim: The family of Sharmeka Moffitt (pictured with an unidentified child) set up a Facebook page to ask people to pray for the 20-year-old
Investigators also believe they were the one who wrote 'KKK' on their car.
It is not known why they self-immolated or reported that their injuries were the work of apparent white supremacists, police said.
Ms Moffitt remains in critical condition at the hospital, with burns on 60 percent of their body.
Them family issued a statement apologizing for the turn of events.
'Our family is devastated to learn the circumstances surrounding our daughter's injuries. While this was not the resolution we had expected, it's a resolution,' they said.
Moffitt told police on Sunday the men doused them in lighter fluid and set them on fire while they walked through the Civitan Park around 8pm on Sunday.
They extinguished the fire using water from a spigot before a police officer arrived.
FBI began investigating the attack as a possible hate crime.
Authorities say Moffitt claimed they were attacked and burned by three men wearing white hoodies.
'Untrue': Winnsboro Police Chief Lester Martin announced during a news conference at Franklin Parish Courthouse that Ms Moffitt had fabricated a story about being attacked and burned in a park by racists
Stunned: The announcement by Chief Martin, (pictured at the press conference with Franklin Parish Sheriff Kevin Cobb) has shocked the local community
Though the attackers apparently wrote the letters 'KKK' on Moffitt's vehicle, police said they were unable to determine whether the men were black or white.
Local law enforcement officials, believing the report was genuine at the time, said they were shocked at the park.
Winnsboro Police Chief Lester Thomas said they were 'devastated' by the incident.
Franklin Parish Sheriff Kevin Cobb called it 'a horrific event.'
'We will follow the facts and seek justice,' they said.
The victim's family set up a Facebook page , Prayers for Sharmeka Moffitt and solicited prayers for the 20-year-old.
The incident quickly rose to national prominence, with major media outlets picking up the story.
Sadness: Edna Moffitt, the mother of Sharmeka Moffitt, wipes away tears during a news conference at LSU Hospital in Shreveport, Louisiana, on Monday
Town park: The victim was walking through an otherwise serene Civitan Park in Winnsboro, Louisiana
Support: Joyce Weems places a pair of solar lights near the site in Civitan Park where Ms Moffitt claimed they were attacked
WASHINGTON, D.C. — At least 161 jihadists have been liberated from the U.S. military prison in Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, during President Barack Obama's tenure, including nine who are known to have reengaged in terrorist activities and 11 suspected of doing so, reveals a report by the Office the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI).
The total 693 jihadists who have been transferred out of the prison under both Obama and President George W. Bush include 208 terrorists who were either confirmed (122) or suspected (86) of returning to terrorist activities, according to the ODNI report, which is released every six months and covers transfers up until July 15 of this year.
That means that, on average, 30 percent of jihadists who are released from the Guantánamo prison, also known as Gitmo, likely return to terror.
An estimated 12 percent (20) of the 161 terrorists transferred out of Gitmo under Obama are confirmed or suspected of having returned to their old jihadi ways. Two of the 20 are dead while the other 18 remain at large.
Meanwhile, 532 terrorists were released from the prison under the Bush administration, of which 113 are confirmed and 75 suspected of returning to their old habits of terrorism. Of the jihadists released under the Bush administration, more than one third (35 percent) are known or suspected to have reengaged in jihad — including 31 who are dead, 43 back in custody, and 114 still roaming the streets.
A top Pentagon official told lawmakers in March that Americans have died as a direct result of the release of some Guantánamo prisoners. They did not specify whether the incidents occurred before or after Obama took office in January 2009.
In June, current and former Obama administration officials told the Washington Post (WaPo) that at least 12 terrorists released from Gitmo have killed about a half-dozen Americans.
The officials, to no surprise, failed to mention if any Americans have been killed by the terrorists released under Obama's watch, only noting that the jihadists who carried out the killings were released under Bush. They neither explicitly denied whether those released under Obama killed any Americans nor did they confirm it.
Last month, Obama authorized the largest transfer of prisoners of their tenure as president. 15 Guantánamo detainees were liberated, including two “forever prisoners.”
Twelve Yemeni and three Afghan jihadis were sent to the United Arab Emirates (UAE), a move that brought Obama close to reaching their goal of reducing the detainee population to no more than 56 by the end of summer.
Last month, Obama's multi-agency Periodic Review Board (PRP), charged with deciding whether or not a Gitmo detainee is fit for transfer, approved for release a former al-Qaeda explosives expert and trainer who had been deemed “high risk” by the Pentagon. The PRB even conceded that the terrorist still “presents some level of threat” but argued that the risk could be mitigated.
In keeping with Obama's promise to shut down Guantánamo, the PRB has been very active this year compared to 2015 and 2014. This year alone, it has made final determinations 34 times, compared to 9 each in 2015 and the previous year.
Close to half of the decisions have been made in favor of the prisoners. The PRB has even cleared for release detainees who had been deemed “forever prisoners,” which the Miami Herald explains refers to “an indefinite detainee considered too dangerous to release but never charged with a crime.”
According to the parole-style board, the threat posed by al-Qaeda-linked “forever prisoner” Sufiyan Barhoumi can be “adequately mitigated,” in part due to “his lack of extremist views” now that they are a reformed prisoner.
More than half of the 61 prisoners currently being held at the detention center have been cleared for transfer. As the end of Obama's presidency nears, transfer approvals will likely speed up. The number of hearings this year have already quadrupled compared to those that occurred during the last two years, respectively.
Obama has pledged to shut down Gitmo, however, a bipartisan group of lawmakers has prevented them from doing so. Part of the president's plan to close down the facility would require bringing detainees onto U.S. soil, a move that is prohibited by bipartisan legislation signed into law by Obama himself.
HP really hit a homerun with the Elite x3, powered by Windows 10 Mobile. This is a powerful productivity device that can shift into different modes for different use cases, allowing you to get work done no matter where you are. HP graciously provided OnMSFT with a review unit several months ago and I've been using this phone as my main communication device since then.
Before I get into my personal experiences with this phone, let's take a look and see what this device is all about.
The Specs
The HP Elite x3 features a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor with a 5.96-inch WQHD (2560×1440) AMOLED multi-touch display with 494 PPI and Corning Gorilla Glass 4 keeping the screen strong. The screen also features an anti-smudge coating, but it's too bad the rear plastic part of the device doesn't have that feature.
The device also features 4GB of LPDDR4 memory, 64GB of internal storage, front-facing audio speakers tuned by Bang & Olufsen, with noise canceling omnidirectional mics for superior audio performance. There is a 16MP rear camera (f/2.2) that takes amazing photos, as well as an 8MP front-facing camera for video conferencing, taking those amazing selfies you love to take, and other tasks that require a front-facing camera.
The HP Elite x3 also features dual biometric authentication with Iris camera and a fingerprint reader, so you can utilize Windows Hello in all its glory. The phone comes in either graphite and chrome or a special all-gold color which is not available in all countries.
The phone features one USB 3.0 Type-C port, as well as 1 3.5 mm headphone jack. A powerful 4150 mAh Li-ion polymer battery powers this beast, offering up plenty of juice to keep you going all day long.
The Phone
It's a 6-inch phone made by HP that doesn't look cheap and runs Windows 10 Mobile. Honestly, that was my immediate thought when I saw the device for the first time. Having reviewed numerous Lumia devices in the past, I was expecting something similar — cheap and somewhat decent in performance. I was mistaken.
[perfectpullquote align=”full” cite=”” link=”” color=”” class=”” size=””]The HP Elite x3 is a pleasure to use and is by far the most powerful Windows 10 Mobile device I have ever owned[/perfectpullquote]
The HP Elite x3 is a pleasure to use and is by far the most powerful Windows 10 Mobile device I have ever owned. You're still not going to see a lot of the popular recreational apps you may find on Android and iOS (like Pokémon GO or Snapchat), but let's face it, if you are even looking at this device you are more of a productivity user. In that case, Windows 10 Mobile has the productivity apps you require.
The Snapdragon processor makes this phone work fast and I rarely experienced any slowdowns when switching between apps. Let's face it — this is an important aspect of any phone. Thankfully, HP utilized a powerful chip to power the device and it is definitely noticeable when you are using your phone.
I've also enjoyed using Windows Hello to unlock my phone with ease via the Iris scanner. It's crazy fast too. All I have to do is hit the power button to turn on the phone and Windows Hello instantly logs me in. On rare occasions, it will tell me it was unable to recognize me, but after a second attempt, I was able to successfully log in. At times it was easier just to log in via PIN.
The camera on the device is also really good and comparable to most of the top Lumia devices out in the market. Honestly, you can get down to the fine details and be nitpicky about how the camera could be better compared to a Lumia, but either way, the phone takes amazing photos. I took some sample shots which you can see below.
One of the biggest features of this device is the long battery life. Using the phone during a typical day, including surfing the internet, making calls, sending texts, listening to Spotify, and I still didn't need to plug in my phone charger. If you plug the phone into the Desk Dock, you can take advantage of Quick Charge 3.0 to charge up your phone quickly and get back to whatever you were doing! Within 2 hours, the phone charged from 0% battery to 100% battery. The HP Elite x3 is one of the best phones out there when it comes to long battery life — I was super impressed in this area of the device.
And it makes perfect sense. A phone like this, which has the capability of being a desktop and a laptop, should have a powerful battery that lasts all day. HP accomplished this by adding a powerful 4150 mAh Li-ion polymer battery into the device. Well done, HP, well done.
The Desk Dock
One of the key features of this phone is the ability to plug into what HP calls the “Desk Dock.” This device allows you to charge your phone while docking it into the Desk Dock, as well as offers up the ability to turn your phone into a desktop powerhouse.
The Desk Dock allows you to transition from a handheld to a desktop experience, all while having an external display and keyboard or mouse accessory connected to the dock. This device basically allows you to use your phone as if it were a desktop computer. Imagine transitioning effortlessly from one location to the next, from a call to a presentation without having to switch devices — you get to do just that!
Basically, you can talk, text, and run Windows 10 Mobile apps on your docked HP Elite x3 device while simultaneously multi-tasking with your Windows and corporate apps on a connected external display using Microsoft's Continuum technology. You can connect to a wired network through the HP Desk Dock's Ethernet port and utilize the 2x USB-A or 1x USB-C ports to plug in accessories.
The dock is a bit heavy but very sturdy and allows your phone to sit at an angle so you can continue to use it while it is connected. In fact, the phone can be used as a trackpad once docked, allowing you to interact with the external display — a really neat feature.
My only complaint about the Desk Dock is the connector in the middle that allows you to dock your phone and charge it. The connector can be a bit flimsy at times, preventing your phone from properly connecting and charging. Often times, I found myself adjusting the phone to ensure it was connected properly.
The Lap Dock
The HP Elite x3 Lap Dock is a really neat accessory that allows you to utilize your phone as a premium notebook. You can connect to the Lap Dock wirelessly with Miracast or via the USB-C cable (as pictured). The Lap Dock features a 12.5-inch FHD display, full-sized keyboard, and clickpad. It's also fanless and features reinforced polycarbonate and stamped aluminum allow design, making the accessory ultrathin and ultralight for easy portability.
The Lap Dock features a micro-HDMI connector and two USB-C ports. There is a 46.5 WHr battery which lets you continue working, and even helps power your phone back to full battery power with the USB-C charging. This accessory typically runs for $599 and is an essential component in making your Elite x3 a 3-in-1 device.
In order to use the Lap Dock, all you need to do is plug in the power cable from the laptop to your power outlet, and plug in the USB-C cable from the phone to the laptop. The laptop turns on within a few seconds and you are given the ability to use your phone as a laptop. The screen on the laptop isn't touch-friendly, so you will have to rely on the trackpad or on your phone to maneuver around.
Overall, using the Lap Dock is a fantastic experience, allowing you to use Windows 10 Mobile apps and surf the internet with ease. There was literally no setup needed, just plug in the phone and you are all set to go. Think of the laptop as an extension to your phone. The clickpad is a bit cheap but it works. The keyboard isn't anything fancy, but it lets you get your work done. The display actually looks decent and does the job fine when you are working on a document or a presentation, just don't expect anything fancy like you would with an expensive notebook.
You can check out some of the images of the device below.
Continuum and HP Workspace
Continuum is a cool technology from Microsoft that lets you use Universal Windows Platform apps on a full screen with mouse and keyboard. Unfortunately, you can only view one app at a time, given the current limitations. This will be fixed in the near future when Microsoft rolls out the Windows 10 Creators Update, allowing you to use these apps like you would a 32 or 64bit application.
If these apps are not your thing, there is HP Workspace. Thanks to HP's Workspace, you can literally virtualize any 32 or 64-bit Windows desktop application, allowing you to have quick access to the tools you need on your phone. This means you can use desktop applications on your phone, or while in laptop mode using the Lap Dock, or while in desktop mode using the Desk Dock.
Think of it this way — HP Workspace basically connects your HP Elite x3 to a remote computer that runs desktop apps, so you can remotely do work using these 32 or 64bit applications. I was able to run Microsoft Office and a few other popular desktop applications with ease, but watching videos or doing anything intensive will result in lag.
HP Workspace isn't free and requires an expensive service charge that ranges from $500 to a little over $2000 depending on your needs. It's a great tool for those who require quick access to desktop applications while on the go. You can check out HP Workspace in the video below.
Is it worth it?
The HP Elite x3 is a unique 3-in-1 device that lets you use it as a phone, as a laptop, or as a desktop computer. But in order to utilize these three categories, you will need to take advantage of certain accessories like the Desk Dock and Lap Dock. A plethora of cables also come with that idea and you'll find yourself having quite a heavy bag. Is it worth it?
It all depends on what you need. If you are a diehard productivity user who depends on Microsoft's ecosystem, then this device is perfect for you. It has everything you will need. A powerful phone that can be used as a powerful PC or laptop depending on your need. In my opinion, the HP Elite x3 appeals to the hardcore Windows fan, as a typical technology consumer will find this device far too complex for on-the-go use. You will have to carry the docks and wires just to get connected and it can become frustrating getting everything plugged in when you rather spend your time quickly getting to work. Good luck carrying all the necessary items in a bag or backpack and fumbling around trying to connect everything when you really need it the most. But if you know what you are doing, then you should be fine.
HP did an amazing job creating the first 3-in-1 device and the quality of the hardware is superb. But the problem lies with Windows 10 Mobile. With all the negative press on Windows 10 Mobile and Microsoft's questionable commitment to its mobile cause, one can wonder if this is one of those devices that will die off in six months to a year due to lack of support. But who knows, perhaps companies will see the benefits that are offered by the HP Elite x3 and the 3-in-1 category flourishes with better hardware and easier to use technology.
Should you buy the HP Elite x3?
If you have the money and you are a Windows fan, absolutely. The device is well worth the penny. However, if you are simply a productivity consumer looking for a tool to make your work life easier, the HP Elite x3 might be too complex for you and will likely overcomplicate things. I found myself rarely using the Lap Dock, Continuum feature, or HP Workspace because I own a full-fledged desktop PC. Why would I bother with a phone to do a job that can be done with a powerful PC? I personally do not have a use case where I need to work on or showcase presentations, or a use case where I require productivity on the go with just my phone. The HP Elite x3 appeals to a niche user base. I highly recommend going to a Microsoft Store or to any store that carries the device so you can check it out for yourself and see if it's something that you fancy.
[perfectpullquote align=”full” cite=”” link=”” color=”” class=”” size=””]The HP Elite x3 is by far my favorite Windows phone[/perfectpullquote]
The HP Elite x3 is by far my favorite Windows phone (yes, even better than any Lumia device I have ever owned) and it has offered a fresh breath of air to an ecosystem that really needed it. I love the quality and feel of the device, I love the long battery life, I love the capability of using it as a 3-in-1. I love this phone and plan to continue using it for as long as I can. It truly is my favorite Windows phone ever.
You can purchase the unlocked version of the device, bundled with the Desk Dock for $599 at the online Microsoft Store.
We plan on doing shorter, in-depth features for each of the HP Elite x3 categories (phone, desktop, and laptop), so stay tuned for that. If there is anything specific you want to know about the device, ask away in the comments below and we'll likely feature it in the upcoming feature stories.
Share This
Further reading: HP
Inundated with boos from a raucous town hall crowd, Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.) snapped back, lashing out at one attendee for asking a “garbage” question and slamming many for not accepting the result of the 2016 presidential election.
Toward the end of the hour-long town hall in Columbia, S.C., people were standing up.
“Your last term! Your last term!” they chanted.
The senator fired back, telling the crowd that they do not and will not worry about losing their job in the 2020 election.
“Good! Good! Come on, bring it on! Bring it on!” Graham said. “If I win, fine. If I don't, fine. But here's what you're going to get from me. You're going to get somebody that tells you exactly what I believe. And to everybody in this room, it's okay to be mad. It's okay to be upset.”
Republicans who have hosted town halls have endured “protests, sharp rebukes and emotional questions about what they see as a sharp turn in governance as well as the House and Senate's willingness to check the White House,” The Washington Post's Dan Zak and Terence Samuel wrote last month.
Some GOP lawmakers have opted against holding town halls. President Trump has dismissed the “so-called angry crowds” as “liberal activists.”
Protests at town halls mirror the tea party rallies that blossomed after President Barack Obama's election in 2008. Groups such as the Working Families Party, which has pledged to hold public events, including “Resist Trump Tuesdays,” and the Indivisible Guide, created by former Democratic congressional staffers to share protest tactics, have copied the tea party movement's grass-roots strategy.
[A Republican senator defended Betsy DeVos at a town hall. Boos drowned them out.]
On Saturday, Graham spent close to an hour answering questions about health care, immigration changes and other issues. While they earned a few cheers and applause, they spent most of their time trying to talk over the choruses of boos.
As the crowd grew louder, so did Graham.
They talked about their views on health care: The Affordable Care Act will “collapse,” they said, and he's not sure the Republicans' ill-fated repeal-and-replace bill is any better. They also promised to not vote on a bill that would deny health care to someone with preexisting conditions.
They talked about the investigation into ties between Russia and Trump's campaign: Congress should let the FBI do its job in investigating, they said.
“No politician should stand in the way … what happens, happens,” Graham added, earning light applause.
They addressed questions about Ivanka Trump's new White House role, which would give the first daughter access to classified information.
“I don't know about you, but I'm glad she's there. I think she's a pretty smart lady,” Graham said, attracting even more boos from the crowd.
At one point, a woman asked an impassioned question about President Trump's tax returns, saying they believe those documents could provide some evidence that the president and their associates have colluded with the Russians and criticizing Graham for obstructing their release.
“I think that's a bunch of garbage when it comes to me. I don't think I've obstructed anything,” Graham responded, adding that they have openly criticized Russians for trying to interfere in the U.S. elections.
[Protesters have succeeded in getting Sen. Marco Rubio booted out of another office. Literally.]
Perhaps some of the most heated exchanges were over two of Trump's nominees: Judge Neil Gorsuch and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.
Graham strongly defended Gorsuch, saying that they will “enthusiastically” support Trump's Supreme Court nominee and that filibustering them would be a “huge mistake” for Democrats.
“To everybody that boos Judge Gorsuch, you're not persuading me at all. As a matter of fact, if you can't understand this is a qualified nominee, then you're not listening,” Graham said, refusing to let the boos drown them out.
The crowd grew even louder at the mention of DeVos.
When one attendee asked about DeVos's qualifications and criticized Graham for voting to confirm the Michigan billionaire, the senator responded by not-so-subtly hinting at what they see as the hypocrisy of fighting DeVos's confirmation.
“Here's the way it works, sir. The president of the United States gets to pick their Cabinet,” Graham told the attendee, then turned their attention back to the crowd. ” … All of you want Trump to be denied what comes with being president. Not all of you, some of you … When Obama wins, you want me to vote for all of their nominees because they deserve that. Now when Trump wins, you want me to say, ‘No.'”
[Republicans distance themselves from Trump's agenda at rowdy town halls]
Graham went on to praise DeVos and other members of Trump's Cabinet. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis “could not have been chosen better,” they said. They called Linda McMahon, administrator of the Small Business Administration, “a home run.”
Then, more boos. That prompted Graham to school the crowd about accepting election defeat.
“When you lose an election, you've got to accept the consequences of somebody else making decisions you wouldn't like,” they said. “But you can't understand that because you're so upset, and let me tell you, I understand upset people. My judgment is that I would give the same deference that I gave President Obama.”
As Graham was finishing their sentence, many in the crowd stood up and raised a piece of red paper, signifying that they disagree with what the senator just said.
There were times, however, when Graham earned some cheers — such as when they said they do not believe in a “Muslim ban.” They said the xenophobic rhetoric that came out of the presidential election reinforced a false narrative that all Muslims are violent.
“In fact, most Muslims hate radical Islam more than you do because they're the ones getting killed the most,” Graham told the crowd, many of whom raised a piece of green paper, which means they agree.
Toward the end, Graham tried to strike a more unifying tone.
“Let's realize that the election didn't go the way some of you wanted, and there's another one coming,” they told the crowd. “I realize that I haven't voted for a winning president in 12 years, but my obligations are the same to those who win the job, (and that's) to try to help them when I can.”
READ MORE:
A town hall survival guide for Republican members of Congress
Republican town halls are getting very, very nasty
A mystery Rothschild Baroness reveals that
they regard Trump as the most serious
threat to their New World Order since Napoleon .
Them hysterical Twitter feed indicates they hate Trump
and will do anything to restore their control.
They are orchestrating the anti-Trump campaign
and will not stop until Trump is removed. We are not witnessing short-term disappointment.
This is the beginning of a fight to the finish .
Throughout history, the Rothschilds have used war to bring dissident nations into line. This makes them tweets especially ominous:
@BssdeRothschild Nov 28: ¨Segregated republic nations full of populism, hate, discrimination & anti political correctness are self destructive & the catalyst for WW3.¨
Elsewhere they invoke civil war, California secession and economic recession.
Makow Comment: Satanist Jews and Freemasons (Communists & liberals) basically are thieves and liars. They lie in order to justify their theft. Think Israel. Here, they are trying to steal the election, using the preposterous lie that Russia rigged it.
by Henry Makow Ph.D.
(henrymakow.com)
A reader asked: "Do you believe the Twitter account Bss De Rothschild (@BssDeRothschild) really belongs to a Rothschild family member or is it a parody?"
I believe they are authentic because they exhibit a visceral personal hatred of Trump and genuine panic that the ancient Illuminati Jewish plan for world domination might be derailed. They call Trump "an unhinged sociopathic bigot" and says " George [Soros] agrees ...about Trump's dictatorship qualities, mannerisms, references & cabinet choices. Generals & Racists."
They go so far as to threaten war:
@ Bss De Rothschild ‏@BssDeRothschild Dec 12 "One predicts the new formation of allied forces for WW3. China, North Korea, Europe & Japan."
@ Bss De Rothschild ‏@BssDeRothschild Dec 12 "When China come bombing US shores in less than 2 years, don't come crying to us to bail you out of your self destructed Populist economy!"
The first Tweet implies that the Rothschilds control China, North Korea, Europe and Japan which they will pit against the US and Russia. Significantly, they leaf out Israel as their ally. They offer another scenario:
"Trump's triggering of WW3 is very possible. Iran has a motive if deal is scrapped. Middle East could attack US with nuclear weapons."
"The coming years will see a vicious circle of Trump's Anti-Muslim rhetoric fuelling ISIS terror attacks propelling further towards WW3."
"It will take 1 major terror attack on US soil of 9/11 proportions to send @realDonaldTrump over the edge and spark WW3.  They are fuelling chaos."
"We must come together to stop Populism from destroying safe and effective Globalist values."
They raise the spectre of civil war: "When half of a country's population detests its president. Chaos takes over. Take a look at South Korea. A taste of the future of America!"
If the Rothschilds don´t bring on war, they have a history of punishing recalcitrant nations via stock market crashes and depressions. They seem to think Trump wants to abolish the Fed and return to gold standard. " Reverting back to Gold Standard & abolishing the fed = China becoming the world's number 1 economic superpower. Moron!
"For @realDonaldTrump to think they have the power to abolish The Fed is absurd! And who applies monetary policy after China manipulate yuan?"
Despite the Trump rally, they think the bull market is over and hints at hyperinflation.
They write: " The US economy will become too isolated by alienating rest of the world & result in recession, debt, hyperinflation & massive unemployment.
"Deplorables should realise that Populism is a self centred, hate spreading, tension & war creating fad. Globalism is ALWAYS the solution.
" Trump's jobs policies are old fashioned, rudimentary & obsolete. Fracking, Coal Mining & Oil Pipelines are a dying breed. Clean energy wins!
"There is overwhelming evidence that human activity is driving global warming & climate change. Fracking, new plants & coal mines responsible .
"New research reveals the spiraling and often unseen effects of mass deportations on the housing market.
"If idiotic American deplorables spent less time watching football games & eating hot dogs perhaps they would be more prosperous economically.
"Deplorables should read more books & develop more than 1 skill to enable them to compete with the rise of A.I in the work place in 5 years.
"Trump's mediocre jobs creation strategy will be escalated toward irrelevance by the rise of A.I within factories & plants nationally.
"The working & middle classes will suffer greatly under Trump. The focus will be even greater for the 1% & a new greed establishment born.
Most of their Twitter feed is devoted to a diatribe against Trump´s character and support for the recount and the story that somehow Russia rigged the election. They believe this "Russian interference" justifies impeachment and a new election.
"It's clear that American partisans distrust each other more than they distrust Russia. Putin has picked the right time to push our system" "Congratulations America! Russia now officially control you & determine your destiny. The rest of the world is watching, pointing & laughing."
"There is not going to be an inauguration. I can feel it in my water. Never in the history of the world has a man been so under qualified...I will give @realDonaldTrump barely 6 months before their impeachment is implemented. Politicians thrive in politics NOT reality TV stars."
"He is epitome of a lying egomaniac. This [Carrier] deal is 'small potatoes'. We predict profuse underperformance in coming term.
SELF-PARODY
She´s convinced that Trump will be disqualified. On Monday, they tweeted, " Electoral College are now on the case. The plot thickens. Trump is attempting to intervene. The inauguration won't happen. It's over. Mwhaha. ... s hould I purchase this Michelangelo for the cat's bedroom or donate the money to @HillaryClinton inauguration fund?"
Dec. 12 - " At the doctor's office with David Rockefeller discussing populism & modern art while we await their 10th heart transplant consultation."
Dec 12- Just saw Steve Bannon at @WaltDisneyWorld hitting on Snow White Supremacist. YUGE!
Dec 12 - At @ChristiesInc with @georgesoros purchasing art that costs more than your shitty little deplorable houses Enjoy recession in 2017 peasants!
Dec 13- At breakfast w/ Henry Kissinger drinking OJ while contemplating which brand of Fake Tan @realDonaldTrump bathes in. Umpa Lumpa Xtra Dark?
They can be quite catty. Dec 5 I can't decide which I loathe most. @KellyannePolls dying hair or their voice. They look like they belong on the sunset strip selling fellatio. Dec 12 Kellyanne Conway looks like that cheap prostitute Patrick Bateman [AMERICAN PSYCHO] picked up in the limo. Can someone send them a stylist or a rope & a stool?
Its fairly apparent @MELANIATRUMP is a robot. Press the on button, install the Michelle Obama vocabulary drive, et voila! A literate beauty. Bss De Rothschild ‏@BssDeRothschild Dec 1 The Turkish Lira has dropped faster than @MELANIATRUMP panties on their first date with @realDonaldTrump #
WHO IS SHE?
The Baroness did not go to the trouble of certifying their Twitter identity. They only began it after the election and they have 944 followers. They describe themselves as " Baroness De Rothschild, CEO, Global Private Investment Banker, Entrepreneur, Philanthropist & Environmentalist, Avid Art Collector, Proud Globalist." They give their address as London/New York and address as rothschildfoundation.org.uk
They could be Nadine de Rothschild, age 84. I don´t know. But I do know they are for real. Look at the people they follow on Twitter.
Five Regional US Federal Reserve banks. The Bank of Japan. George H.W. Bush, Jeff Bezos, Goldman Sachs, Christies, Sothebys, Scientology and Mother Jones.
Testimony to human cupidity and self-delusion is this final tweet: " Support your country, no matter how imperfect they may be. Love them - not uncritically, but love them Reject all malign foreign interference." Foreign interference? Who do they think they are?
Clearly there is a schism in the Illuminati between those who want to embrace the Rothschild`s satanist Jewish vision of open borders, miscegenation, gender dysphoria and "climate change," and those who, at least, pay lip service to nation, race, religion and family. This is the beginning of a fight to the finish.
-----------
Related- Alex Jones -Globalists won't stop until Trump is Deposed
First Comment by Sid Green, who is Jewish:
For people like me, this is getting interesting. I am very familiar with the manipulative attitude of this Tweeting Rothschild. Why is it so familiar? There is a way of talking to someone, where instead of really conveying information, you are basically baiting them, and trying to provoke some release of negative energy.
It's not about the words that are being said, it's about the tone and the context, and the emotions that it is meant to trigger. That's the way this Rothschild is talking. It's a form if psychic vampireism which I didn't realize was occult and many people who do it unwittingly.
It is actually very sad, but it's a habit for some people. For families who don't actively practice Satanism or Black Magic, this is like an appendix. This reminds me of what Francis stated about Jewish mothers having latent powers of witchcraft. It's not even intentional. Using this way of behaving in society can result in blunders, but if someone was smart and controlled like an evil occultist, they could channel this manipulative ability into Stockholm Syndrome-Hoodwinking an entire society.
With people so desirous of being told what to think and feel it's basically a piece of cake. People already want to indulge their basest emotions; this just urges them along. To be sure, this technique is morally wrong; it is against morality (the most important measure of anything) because it has a negative effect on the people involved, even the one unwittingly being a psychic vampire.
It's an occult thing which probably only is done "Correctly" by dedicated evil people. The Bible contains enough references to kindness and mercy that it is obvious to any honest Jew, Christian or Wiccan, that this technique is wrong. These are professional psychological rapists who actually intend to cause the damage they are causing. God will punish them. "If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all"
Arizona Pastor Steven Anderson (Screenshot/YouTube)
Arizona Pastor Steven Anderson warned their congregation recently that birth control was not only turn women into “whores,” it was also destroying the country.
In a sermon posted online this week, the Faithful Word Baptist Church leader explained that contraception was “not something Christians should be practicing,” even though they acknowledged that 99 percent of Christians believed it was acceptable.
Anderson pointed out that God, in the book of Genesis, had made childbearing painful to punish women for their Original Sin, adding that the husband “shall rule over thee.”
They argued that feminism had “given women the power” to decide when to have children for themselves, allowing them to have careers and follow other interests.
“It used to be a young woman, they get married, they have children, and that's their job,” they lamented. “They literally count my wife as unemployed! She's not unemployed, they don't want to be employed. I mean, she's a wife, she's a mother.”
Anderson said that danger of birth control was that it had “systemic effects” on a woman's health and their “character.”
“Not only does birth control do damage to women, it hurts their body if they're using the pills. And it also affects their character, causing them to be an idle, tattler, gossip, turning aside after Satan,” they insisted.
Women would “get into sin” if they were not “busy” raising children, Anderson said.
Anderson noted that Annette Funicello, a star of the Mickey Mouse Club in the 1950s, had promoted birth control for a 1960s-era advertisement. At one point, they even began to sing “fornicate with me” to the tune of the Mickey Mouse Club March theme song.
“It promotes promiscuity, it promotes whoredom!” they advised, reading from the Bible: “Do not prostitute thy daughter to cause them to be a whore, lest the landfall to whoredom and the land become full of wickedness!”
“A land can call to whoredom!” they exclaimed. “And the United States today, fits that bill. If anybody has ever fit that bill, it's the United States of America.”
Watch the video below from Pastor Steven Anderson, broadcast April 28, 2014.
(h/t: Friendly Atheist)
Roxy
scandal
Amit Shah
the National
Women
Theinvolving a young architect, who was tailed round-the-clock by the Gujarat police so that a person identified as ‘Sahib' in the government could keep track of their movements, has turned murkier with information emerging that the woman was treated like a VIP by the state before they fell out with ‘Sahib'.While they were obviously a marked woman in August 2009, with a team of eight cops following them everywhere and relaying the information to the then minister of state for home, who in turn kept the ‘Sahib' updated, in the years before the surveillance was launched they were treated like a VIP across the state and on at least one occasion their petrol bills were reimbursed and their mobile phone recharges taken care of by government departments.Documents accessed under the Right to Information Act reveal that in 2005, when all was well between them and Sahib, the woman was invited to attend the Gujarat government's annual Winter Festival in Kutch, even though they had no role to play in its organisation. Item number 81 in the festival's balance sheet lists payment of Rs 5,153 made to the woman towards mobile recharge and petrol expenses. The payment was made by cheque (6740282) on October 25, 2005. In the festival's total bill of Rs 2.43 crore, nobody else was paid for mobile recharge.A Gujarat Tourism Department official, who did not wish to be identified, said: “Though the amount they were paid is not big, but it is clear that an exception was made in their case. They were not involved in any project, but merely attended the inauguration.” The festival was inaugurated by Chief Minister Narendra Modi.The District Collector of Kutch then was Pradeep Sharma, the IAS officer who has alleged that they were persecuted by the Gujarat government because they knew of the woman's proximity to ‘Sahib'. Though Pradeep Sharma was not available for a comment on Wednesday, a source close to them claimed that “there were instructions from top to look after the woman. But after the relationship soured, they were put under 24-hour surveillance for over two months.”Meanwhile, the woman's father has written toCommission ofclaiming that their daughter does not want any probe into the surveillance mounted on them by the Gujarat government as there was no encroachment on their privacy. “It is an earnest wish of my daughter that no further probe (in snooping issue) is necessary as being politically demanded,” they said.“I, on behalf of my daughter, urge that whatever help was rendered upon my request (to ‘Sahib') was within their knowledge and in their own interest, safety and security, and there has been no encroachment on their privacy as sought to be made out,” they said in the two-page letter.
Museum of Science Fiction Designs View Full Caption
PROSPECT HEIGHTS — Attention all Whovians, Futurama fans and Trekkies: an exhibit coming to the Brooklyn Public Library is going to blow your mind.
Starting this week, the BPL will showcase designs of the forthcoming Museum of Science Fiction, a D.C.-based venture that plans to create “the world's first comprehensive science fiction museum,” according to organizers.
The Sci-Fi Museum recently held an architectural design competition to pick the winning look for the museum's “modular, re-deployable 4,000-square-foot facility,” which can move exhibits from city to city until a permanent site is built, according to a press release.
The winning design is a semi-transparent, glowing box structure with four floors called “Schrödinger's Cube” — in honor of the Nobel Prize-winning quantum physicist Erwin Schrödinger, whose famous thought experiment about a cat in a box revealed a paradox in the dominant theory of how to locate particles too small to see.
The design was created by Emily Yen, a graduate student at the Rhode Island School of Design.
Renderings of the cube and several runners-up in the design competition will be on display at the Central Branch of the BPL until late May, the library said. After the exhibit leaves Brooklyn, it will travel to 10 international cities including Milan, Tokyo and London.
The creators of the Museum of Science Fiction hope to open the “preview museum,” as they're calling the moveable structure, in late 2015. They hope to open the permanent museum in D.C. by 2018, though there is no location yet chosen for that building.
The Museum of Science Fiction exhibit opened on Feb. 16 at the Central Branch of the Brooklyn Public Library at 10 Grand Army Plaza and will remain on display through May. 31. The exhibit is free and open to the public.
While ReWalk Robotics service engineer Tom Coulter, right, looks on, paralyzed Army veteran Gene Laureano smiles as they walk using a ReWalk device Wednesday, Dec. 16, 2015, in Bronx, N.Y.
ReWalk Robotics shares soared on Thursday after the maker of a robotic exoskeleton that enables paralyzed people to walk won insurance coverage from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.
The VA said it would cover the $77,000 cost of the device for some 42,000 U.S. army veterans who were left paralyzed from war injuries, although only a proportion of them would meet the requirements.
The VA's decision followed petitions by many veterans who cannot afford the cost of the powered exoskeleton called the ReWalk. The apparatus requires specific height and weight requirements and works for paraplegics but not for quadriplegics.
The device was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in 2014 for individuals to use at home, but the cost has kept it out of reach of many. ReWalk Robotics CEO Larry Jasinski said a dozen VA centers are expected to start training staff to provide the system.
“The research support and effort to provide eligible veterans with paralysis an exoskeleton for home use is a historic move on the part of the VA, because it represents a paradigm shift in the approach to rehabilitation for persons with paralysis,” said Dr. Ann Spungen, who led VA research on the system.
Shares of ReWalk, which is based in Yokeneam Ilit, near Haifa, were up more than 85% to $11.12 in Nasdaq late morning trading.
The ReWalk was invented by Israeli entrepreneur Amit Goffer, who was paralyzed in an accident in 1997 and began developing the technology four years later. Several competing products that use similar technology – nicknamed “electronic legs” – are also being tested in U.S. rehab hospitals.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
None, including the ReWalk, are fast enough or can be worn long enough to replace wheelchairs. But VA pilot studies found paraplegics who used the exoskeleton as little as four hours a week for three to five months experienced better bowel and bladder function, reduced back pain, improved sleep and less fatigue.
ReWalk said it has evaluated 45 paralyzed veterans who meet the height and weight requirements for the technology, which consists of leg braces with motion sensors and motorized joints that respond to subtle changes in upper-body movement and shifts in balance.
Former Army Sgt. Terry Hannigan, a 62-year-old paralyzed Vietnam veteran, was the first veteran to get the robotic legs as part of a test of the system.
“It definitely is a show-stopper, especially in the mall with kids. Some say things like ‘Wow, look at Robocop!' They ask a lot of questions, but I don't mind,” Hannigan said.
When confined to a wheelchair, Hannigan says, they have to ask people to pass their things that are out of reach. “To be able to hear the conversation, not miss half of what's being said because it's over your head, that in itself is a big plus,” they said.
This is a list of web log ("blog") software written in Python, organised by category. Please feel free to add to the list or add details.
To start a feature comparison, use the following keys within braces:
a = authentication / authorization b = integrated admin backend for editors (CMS) c = comments h = caching k = pingback / traceback m = markup support n = notifications p = plugin architecture u = multi-user blog system (Twitter-like) r = RSS feed s = data export / import (schema migration) t = topics / categories
pyLJclient wxPython LiveJournal client
pyblogger wrapper for the Blogger API
plagg a RSS/Atom aggregator for (Py)Blosxom
web2py Based
Instant Press is an open source CMS developed in the web2py framework. Instant Press is simple, easy to use and attractive. Last Updated Dec 2010
Blogitizor A blog system developed with web2py. Offers posts, pages,caching, comments, file uploads, import your wordpress data. Last Updated May 2010
PyPress Wordpress Clone made with web2py framework (can run on Google App Engine)
TechFuel blog
web.py Based
Zope Based
Django Based
TurboGears Based
Pocoo Libs Based
Zine (formerly Textpress) An open source personal publishing platform that inherits many ideas of WordPress Written in Python and developed with a focus on security and usability Built on top of Werkzeug, Jinja2 and SQLAlchemy, with plugins last released 2009-01-11
HgBlog PyPI is a "set of modifications to the Sphinx project to make it slightly more suitable as a blogging engine". See also its page on PyPI.
Blohg PyPI
Simblin
micro-blog
Snakelets Based
Frog running on Snakelets, As of 20100607, there is only a Wikipage discussing a Frog reimplementation. Frog and Snakelets are no longer publicly available. calendar image embedding or linking multi-user active article overview permalinks Unicode compatible data as XML files on filesystem CSS-based valid layout
Static
Crotal Generate Static site using jinja2 template engine, Markdown syntax Simple, Static and Fast Easy to use Incremental generation. last updated 2014-02
Hyde Generate static HTML using jinja2 template, Markdown syntax,... Based on Python and Django, heavily inspired by Jekyll last updated 2011-05
Blug Static site generator for Markdown based posts, including RSS feed and sitemap generation Deep microdata integration - automatic Google Author information support Third party support: Disqus, Google Analytics, Clicky, GitHub, Twitter, Facebook, Google+ Includes built-in pure Python web server optimized for static sites last updated 2013-07
Blaag Minimalistic blogging software that generates static HTML from RST source Uses Mercurial for version control Disqus and Google Analytics integration last update 2013-02
Tinkerer Based on Sphinx Disqus comments, Google Analytics, RSS feed, search function, sidebar widgets
Acrylamid yet another static blog compiler with fast incremental builds flexible, view-controller inspired configuration Disqus comments, RSS/Atom Feeds, tags, pages, static content, various markup extensions
Thot Supports YAML; Mako and Jinja2 for templating… … and several markup formats for input: Markdown, RST, Creole, Trac, plaintext, HTML Can be used with Github for storing articles. RSS/ATOM feed, sitemap.xml, tags and categories, scheduled publication, server-side hyphenation, LaTeX formulas
Nikola Creates static files with reStructuredText, Markdown, IPython Notebook (and more!) as input Themeable with Mako or Jinja2 Supports multi-language sites, image galleries, the creation of RSS feeds, syntax highlighting, DISQUS and other services for comments Fast builds, thanks to doit (doesn't rebuild the entire site at once)
mynt Creates static files with Markdown as input Themeable with Jinja2 Supports multi-language site
Pelican Creates static files with reStructuredTest / markdown / AsciiDoc as input Themeable with Jinja2 Supports multi-language site
Uncategorized
Department of Energy Secretary Rick Perry said on Thursday that the use of fossil fuels to power an electric grid in South Africa could prevent sexual assault there.
Speaking at an Axios-sponsored event Thursday, Perry responded to shouted comments from a protester about fossil fuels causing climate change and killing people in poor countries by explaining a conversation they had with a young woman during their trip to South Africa last week.
They said the woman told them electricity would make it easier for them to read and claimed it would take “fossil fuels to push power out” to African villages, but didn't explain why renewable energy sources couldn't be used as well.
“A young girl told me to my face, ‘One of the reasons that electricity is so important to me is not only because I'm not going to have to try to read by the light of a fire and have those fumes literally kill people.' But also from the standpoint of sexual assault,” they said. “When the lights are on, when you have light that shines, the righteousness, if you will, on those types of acts. So from the standpoint of how you really affect people's lives, fossil fuels is going to play a role in that. I happen to think it's going to play a positive role.”
Better lighting doesn't necessarily decrease the likelihood of sexual assault, according to a study conducted by University College London.
Perry has been an advocate for coal-powered plants and has repeatedly questioned the science behind the role carbon dioxide plays in climate change since they took over the Department of Energy.
The Cygnus commercial cargo ship ‘Janice Voss' built by Orbital Sciences finished it's month-long resupply mission and bid farewell to the International Space Station (ISS) this morning, Friday, Aug. 15, after station astronauts released the vessel from the snares of the Canadarm2 robotic arm at 6:40 a.m. EDT.
The on time release and departure took place as the massive orbiting lab complex was soaring 260 miles (400 km) above the west coast of Africa over the coastline of Namibia.
Expedition 40 Flight Engineer and ESA astronaut Alexander Gerst was in charge of commanding the vessels actual release from the snares on the end effector firmly grasping Cygnus at the terminus of the 58-foot (17-meter) long Canadian robotic arm.
Gerst was working at the robotics work station inside the seven windowed cupola, backed by fellow station crew member and NASA astronaut Reid Wiseman.
About two minutes later, Cygnus fired its thrusters to depart the million pound station and head toward a destructive fiery reentry into the Earth's atmosphere over the Pacific Ocean on Sunday, Aug. 17.
Ground controllers at Mission Control, Houston had paved the way for Cygnus release earlier this morning when they unberthed the cargo ship from the Earth-facing port of the Harmony module at about 5:14 a.m. EDT.
This mission dubbed Orbital-2, or Orb-2, marks the second of at least eight operational cargo resupply missions to the ISS under Orbital's Commercial Resupply Services (CRS) contract with NASA.
The Cygnus spacecraft was christened “SS Janice Voss” in honor of Janice Voss who flew five shuttle missions during their prolific astronaut carrier, worked for both NASA and Orbital Sciences and passed away in February 2012.
Cygnus roared to orbit during a spectacular blastoff on July 13 atop an Orbital Sciences Corp. Antares rocket on the Orb-2 mission at 12:52 p.m. (EDT) from the beachside Pad 0A at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport on NASA's Wallops Flight Facility on the Eastern Shore of Virginia.
The US/Italian built pressurized Cygnus cargo freighter delivered 1,657 kg (3653 lbs) of cargo to the ISS Expedition 40 crew including over 700 pounds (300 kg) of science experiments and instruments, crew supplies, food, water, computer equipment, spacewalk tools and student research experiments.
The supplies are critical to keep the station flying and humming with research investigations.
The wide ranging science cargo and experiments includes a flock of 28 Earth imaging nanosatellites and deployers, student science experiments and small cubesat prototypes that may one day fly to Mars.
The “Dove” flock of nanosatellites will be deployed from the Kibo laboratory module's airlock beginning next week. “They will collect continuous Earth imagery documenting natural and human-made conditions of the environment to improve disaster relief and increase agricultural yields” says NASA.
Cygnus arrived at the station after a three day chase. It was captured in open space on July 16, 2014 at 6:36 a.m. EDT by Commander Steve Swanson working at a robotics workstation in the cupola.
The by the book arrival coincided with the 45th anniversary of the launch of Apollo 11 on July 16, 1969 on America's first manned moon landing mission by Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins.
Orbital Sciences was awarded a $1.9 Billion supply contract by NASA to deliver 20,000 kilograms (44,000 pounds) of research experiments, crew provisions, spare parts and hardware for 8 flights to the ISS through 2016 under the Commercial Resupply Services (CRS) initiative.
Stay tuned here for Ken's continuing ISS, Rosetta, OCO-2, GPM, Curiosity, Opportunity, Orion, SpaceX, Boeing, Orbital Sciences, MAVEN, MOM, Mars and more Earth & Planetary science and human spaceflight news.
Ken Kremer
I'm old enough to remember when the people who supported Trump hated this idea when Obama proposed it. Trump was back on the stump today criticizing Clinton for… not being in favor of enough government spending. For the purposes of reference, Clinton's infrastructure plan is to spend $275 billion in their first 100 days. Trump promises to at least double that for the purposes of providing what amounts to shovel ready jobs to people.
Trump says he's going to double Clinton's infrastructure spending and pay for it with government issued bonds: pic.twitter.com/PN0i5YeEef — Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) August 2, 2016
Now, the Obama stimulus plan carried an estimated price tag of $831B spread out over a ten year period, which was ostensibly for projects exactly like the ones Trump described. I don't really know an additional $550B is going to suddenly fix all the problems Trump identifies here except that they seem to imply that he's going to personally oversee every construction project funded by their massive deficit spending to make sure there are not cost overruns?
I don't know, it seems to me that the objection to Obama's stimulus plan was not that the construction projects it funded would not be completed on time or under budget but rather that the whole thing was a massive increase to deficit spending that was not a sustainable way to fix America's economy, but since Trump's supporters now (apparently) support an exactly equivalent plan with a slightly smaller price tag, that does lend credence to the idea that some people opposed Obama for reasons that had nothing at all to do with their policies.
Visitors walk through the grounds of the Auschwitz-Birkenau Memorial and Museum.
The terrain and buildings of the former concentration camps are open to visitors, not only as an historical representation of how they functioned, but as testimony to the atrocities that took place there.
The aim is not just to increase awareness, but to awaken responsibility, so that learning about history has an impact on current thought and behavior.
Auschwitz-Birkenau, in the south of Poland, is difficult to photograph, not only because of its dark history, but also because it has been already photographed so often: the imagery of the former German death camp is almost iconic.
Therefore I decided not to focus so much on the camp itself, but on the tourists taking snap shots of it.
Auschwitz is the biggest tourist attraction in Poland, with over a million visitors each year, but whereas a typical museum pays tribute to beauty or knowledge, this one is all about hatred and intolerance and what it can lead to.
This probably explains why for many years it was difficult to find international sponsors for the costly and complicated maintenance of the site (the wooden barracks in Birkenau were not built for eternity by the Nazi's).
Image caption People in Denmark, Germany, Spain, Sweden and the Netherlands ate the most meat
Eating less meat may be the key to keeping a healthy weight, say researchers.
A European study of almost 400,000 adults found that eating meat was linked with weight gain, even in people taking in the same number of calories.
The strongest association was found with processed meat, such as sausages and ham, the Imperial College London team reported.
It suggests that high-protein diets may not help slimmers in the long run.
The findings, published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, also support public health messages advocating cutting down on the amount of meat we eat, the researchers said.
The study looked at data from adults taking part in a large project looking at the link between diet and cancer.
Participants from 10 European countries, including the UK, were weighed and measured at the start and then asked to report their weight five years later.
They also filled in a detailed food questionnaire.
Weight gain
Overall, the researchers found that meat consumption was associated with weight gain in both men and women.
More detailed analyses showed that the link was still significant after taking into account overall calorie intake, physical activity and other factors which may have skewed the results.
The team calculated that in people who ate the same number of calories, an extra 250g of meat a day - equal to a small steak - led to an additional weight gain of 2kg (5lbs) over five years.
A portion of meat should be about the size of a deck of cards Sian Porter, Dietician
It counters the theory that diets with high amounts of protein and low amounts of carbohydrate promote weight loss.
Although it is not clear why meat would lead to weight gain in people eating the same number of calories, one theory is that energy-dense foods like meat alter how the body regulates appetite control.
But there could also be another lifestyle or dietary explanation for the link that was not accounted for by the study.
Study leader Dr Anne-Claire Vergnaud said: "I would recommend to people to control their consumption of meat to maintain a healthy weight and good health in general during life."
But they added: "Decreasing the amount of meat alone would not be an adequate weight loss strategy."
Sian Porter, a dietician and spokesperson for the British Dietetic Association, said there were caveats in the study, including the fact that at the end-weight was self-reported.
But they said it was an interesting finding.
"We eat more meat than we need.
"What I say to my patients is to think about variety - so have an egg for breakfast instead of bacon, cheese for lunch instead of ham and fish for the evening meal.
They advised people to eat lots of lentils and pulse, wholegrains, fruit and veg and oily fish as well as meat.
"Portion size is the other thing - a portion of meat should be about the size of a deck of cards."
Claire Danes as Carrie Mathison and Mandy Patinkin as Saul Berenson in Homeland Photo by Ronen Akerman/Showtime.
For commenters and critics alike, the overwhelming response to this week's episode of Homeland was that its creators are pushing the limits of plausibility. Commenter WhereIsSHE posted, “Love this show for the characters, but a little miffed at the obvious and rather large absurdities,” while naxself agrees with Fred Kaplan that the text from the Pentagon was a step too far, saying, “I can let most things slide, but that's just ridiculous.”
A couple of critics compared Homeland with Breaking Bad, whose most recent season was also dinged by the plausibility police. Writing in Vulture, New York's Matt Zoller Seitz wished that Homeland “would take a cue from the more knowingly preposterous Breaking Bad, which at least had the grace to play scenes of Walter White mucking about in their DEA agent brother-in-law's office with a wink that said, ‘We know this is a couple of steps up from a Pink Panther movie, but what the hell, it's fun.' ” Salon's Willa Paskin also explored the comparison between those two shows:
[I]t's not whether the storylines could really happen (because none of them could really happen), but whether the storylines seem like they could really happen in the totally fake world we've already bought into. … [H]ere are two series founded on myriad, bedrock implausibilities that only set off audience bullshit alarms with the misuse of relatively small-time coincidences. And yet, they sure do. With the suspension of disbelief stretched to the limit, every request for further suspension better be on point.
Writing in Esquire.com, Alex Berenson pointed out a goof that does seem sloppy:
[W]hat time did that op against Nazir take place? Homeland didn't seem entirely sure. The clock on the wall in the situation room told us the time in D.C. was 23:22, past 11 p.m. But Brody and Walden were supposed to meet the Secretary of Defense during the day. And Beirut is seven hours ahead of D.C., so it would have been 6 a.m. in Beirut. But as far as I could tell from the scenes in Beirut, it was afternoon. This complaint may sound picayune and nitty, but going for realism means getting the details right. Including the timeline. Homeland can certainly afford someone to figure out that the scene in Beirut could have happened at 4 p.m. local, 1600. That would be 0900 in D.C., with Brody and Walden scheduled to meet the Defense Secretary over breakfast.
But the TV Club's Todd VanDerWerff came back to what makes those dramatic stretches work. After acknowledging that the episode “nudges up against the point” of overusing coincidence, they flashed to the moment when Saul Berenson found Brody's martyrdom video: “The second that tape started to play, I wasn't thinking about coincidence or plot convenience … or anything like that. I was giddy. This was a show I loved, revealing that it wasn't going to play safe this season.”
An angry Indonesia said the United States ought to compensate the country for pulling clove cigarettes from store shelves, because the action violates World Trade Organization agreements.
The United States has banned the flavored cigarettes as part of a national anti-smoking campaign targeted at youth.
But Indonesia says that's not an excuse, The Associated Press reported. The country says it has lost out on $200 million to $300 million in annual revenues. And the WTO agrees — the United States flouted trade rules with the ban because it was unequally applied.
The WTO's line of logic: The United States in 2009 banned sales of clove cigarettes that were flavored cinnamon, coffee, grape and strawberry, but allowed the sales of menthol that were produced on American soil.
“We will seek compensation,” Indonesia's trade ministry director general of international trade cooperation Iman Pambagyo said, to Agence France-Presse. “The procedure under the WTO is if one country ignores the recommendations suggested by the dispute panel, compensation should be discussed.”
The country didn't say how much it would seek in compensation. But the trade ministry spokesperson said the United States was guilty of hypocrisy, too.
“It's baffling how the U.S., which is always demanding other countries to abide by WTO disciplines and regulations, is now unable to correct its policy, which is clearly in violation of WTO provisions,” Mr. Pambagyo said, AP reported.
The United States did not respond in the report.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
[1] Old Babylonian cylinder seal, c.1800 BCE, hematite . The robed king makes an animal offering to Shamash . This seal was probably made in a workshop at Sippar
Old Babylonian cylinder seal, c.1800 BCE, hematite . Linescan camera image of seal above (reversed to resemble an impression).
Mesopotamian limestone cylinder seal and impression—worship of Shamash , ( Louvre
A cylinder seal is a small round cylinder, typically about one inch (2 to 3 cm) in length, engraved with written characters or figurative scenes or both, used in ancient times to roll an impression onto a two-dimensional surface, generally wet clay. Cylinder seals were invented around 3500 BC in the Near East, at the contemporary sites of Susa in south-western Iran and Uruk in southern Mesopotamia. They are linked to the invention of the latter's cuneiform writing on clay tablets.[2][3][4] They were used as an administrative tool, a form of signature, as well as jewelry and as magical amulets; later versions would employ notations with Mesopotamian cuneiform. In later periods, they were used to notarizing or attest to multiple impressions of clay documents. Graves and other sites housing precious items such as gold, silver, beads, and gemstones often included one or two cylinder seals, as honorific grave goods.
The cylinder seals themselves are typically made from hardstones, and some are a form of engraved gem. They may instead use glass or ceramics, like Egyptian faience. Many varieties of material such as hematite, obsidian, steatite, amethyst, lapis lazuli and carnelian were used to make cylinder seals. As the alluvial country of Mesopotamia lacks good stone for carving, the large stones of early cylinders were imported probably from Iran.[5] Most seals have a hole running through the centre of the body, and they are thought to have typically been worn on a necklace so that they were always available when needed.
(modern/current impressions) Size comparison of seals, with their impression strips(modern/current impressions)
While most Mesopotamian cylinder seals form an image through the use of depressions in the cylinder surface (see lead photo above), some cylinder seals print images using raised areas on the cylinder (see San Andrés image, below, which is not related to Mesopotamian cylinder seals). The former are used primarily on wet clays; the latter, sometimes referred to as roller stamps, are used to print images on cloth and other similar two dimensional surfaces.
Cylinder seals are a form of impression seal, a category which includes the stamp seal and finger ring seal. They survive in fairly large numbers and are often important as art, especially in the Babylonian and earlier Assyrian periods. Impressions into a soft material can be taken without risk of damage to the seal, and they are often displayed in museums together with a modern impression on a small strip.
Uses [ edit ]
Cylinder seal impressions were made on a variety of surfaces:
amulets
bales of commodities
bricks
clay tablets
cloth
components of fabricated objects
doors
envelopes
storage jars
Theme-driven, memorial, and commemorative nature [ edit ]
[6] The Walters Art Museum. This cylinder seal from Cyprus shows two nude female figures. Each holds a flower, a symbol of fertility.
The images depicted on cylinder seals were mostly theme-driven, often sociological or religious. Instead of addressing the authority of the seal, a better study may be of the thematic nature of the seals, since they presented the ideas of the society in pictographic and text form. In a famous cylinder depicting Darius I of Persia: they are aiming their drawn bow at an upright enraged lion impaled by two arrows, while their chariot horse is trampling a deceased lion. The scene is framed between two slim palm trees, a block of cuneiform text, and above the scene, the Faravahar symbol of Ahura Mazda, the god representation of Zoroastrianism.
Cylinder seals [ edit ]
Assyria. Seals showing method of mounting; Brooklyn Museum Archives, Goodyear Archival Collection
The reference below, Garbini, covers many of the following categories of cylinder seal. Dominique Collon's book First Impressions, which is dedicated to the topic, has over 1000 illustrations.
A categorization of cylinder seals:
See also [ edit ]
A roll-out of the San Andres ceramic cylinder seal containing what has been proposed as evidence of the earliest writing system in Mesoamerica . This cylinder seal is dated to approximately 650 BC and is unrelated to the Mesopotamian cylinder seals.
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
GETTY IMAGES Six men have been arrested in Rochdale
The men, all of Rochdale, Greater Manchester, are being held over offence believed to have taken place between 2004 and 2008 against three people aged between 14 and 16. Joshim Miah, 31, of Yorkshire Street, Rochdale, is accused of rape and trafficking a person within the UK for sexual exploitation.
GETTY IMAGES Six Asian men have been arrested in connection with child sex claims
Mohammed Sadeer, 27, of Brimrod Lane, Rochdale, Naheem Akram, 39, of Manley Road, Rochdale, and a man, who police say cannot be named for legal reasons, are all also charged with rape. Ittefaq Yousaf, 25, of Stanley Street, Rochdale, has been charged with sexual assault and causing/inciting a girl to engage in sexual activity, while Arfan Iqbal, 25, of Park Road, Rochdale, is charged with attempted rape. All defendants are due to appear at Bury Magistrates' Court on Thursday January 21.
GETTY IMAGES Rochdale
The sexual exploitation of children and young people is the absolute priority for Greater Manchester Police and its partners. Rob Potts
Greater Manchester Police Assistant Chief Constable Rob Potts said: "This case is another that has been launched by Operation Doublet, an investigation into Child Sexual Exploitation (CSE) that arose following the 2011 investigation into CSE in Rochdale. "These types of investigations remain incredibly complex and challenging but at the heart of our considerations is the welfare of the victims and we have a team of experienced and dedicated officers supporting them through the process. "The sexual exploitation of children and young people is the absolute priority for Greater Manchester Police and its partners.
GETTY IMAGES Rochdale
The Secret of Kells is a 2009 French-Belgian-Irish[4] animated fantasy film animated by Cartoon Saloon that premiered on 8 February 2009 at the 59th Berlin International Film Festival. It went into wide release in Belgium and France on 11 February, and Ireland on 3 March.
It was directed by Tomm Moore and co-directed by Nora Twomey, produced by Paul Young, Didier Brunner and Vivian Van Fleteren, written by Fabrice Ziolkowski, distributed by Gébéka Films, Kinepolis Film Distribution, StudioCanal and Buena Vista, edited by Fabienne Alvarez-Giro and music composed by Bruno Coulais and Kíla. It stars Evan McGuire, Brendan Gleeson, Christen Mooney, Mick Lally, Michael McGrath, Liam Hourican, Paul Tylak and Paul Young. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature but it lost to Up.[5][6]
Plot [ edit ]
Brendan, a young, curious, and idealistic boy living in the tightly knit community at the Abbey of Kells, is under the strict care of their stern uncle, Abbot Cellach. Cellach is obsessed with building a wall around the Abbey, in order to prevent Viking attacks.
Brendan is apprenticed in the scriptorium of the monastery. After listening to the other monks of the monastery talk about Brother Aidan, the creator of the Book of Iona, Brendan is curious about the mysterious illuminator and "the book that turns darkness into light" (the unfinished Book of Kells). Aidan arrives in Kells, accompanied by their white cat, Pangur Bán, after their own monastery is destroyed by a raid. After eavesdropping on a discussion between Cellach and Aidan, Brendan wanders to the scriptorium, where they find the still-to-be-completed book. Pangur Bán guards the book, but when the cat sees that Brendan means no harm to the book, they accept him. Aidan arrives and tells Brendan about the book.
Seeing Brendan as a suitable apprentice, Aidan sends Brendan, with Pangur Bán for company, into the woods to obtain gall nuts to make ink for the illumination of the book. However, Brendan is cornered by a hungry pack of wolves.  They are saved by Aisling, the faerie from the beginning of the film. Although at first suspicious of Brendan's presence, Aisling slowly comes to accept them after they reveal their intentions of helping to create the book.
After a brief yet scary close encounter with Crom Cruach, a deity of death and destruction, of whom Aisling is deeply afraid, Brendan and Aisling return to the outskirts of the forest. They assure Brendan that they can come back and visit anytime they want.
Upon their return home, Brendan is reprimanded by Cellach, who forbids them to leave the monastery again. However, Brendan continues to work with Aidan. Brendan learns that Aidan's work is endangered by the loss of the Eye of Colm Cille, a special magnifying lens captured from Crom Cruach. When Brendan tries to leave to visit Crom's cave to obtain another Eye, they are confined to their room by Cellach.
Pangur Bán and Aisling set Brendan free. After running into the heart of the woods, Brendan tells Aisling of their objective. A shocked Aisling begs them not to confront the dark deity, warning that Crom Cruach will kill them just as it killed the rest of their people. But Brendan persuades Aisling to assist him, by stating that if they do not retrieve the Eye, the book will never be completed. Convinced, Aisling helps Brendan enter Crom's cave, nearly getting killed in the process. Brendan duels with Crom and seizes the Eye, blinding Crom and causing the dark deity to consume itself, becoming an ouroboros. Upon returning to the cave entrance, Brendan finds the forest covered in white flowers.
Brendan returns to the abbey and continues to assist Aidan in secret. The brothers of the monastery excitedly watch the two create the book. In a fit of frustration, Cellach locks Brendan and Aidan in the scriptorium, but not before ripping out a page that Brendan had created for the book. Shortly thereafter, the Vikings invade Kells, and Cellach watches in horror as they breach the wooden gate. Brendan and Aidan manage to escape by using smoke from the gall berry ink, confusing the raiders when they burst into the scriptorium. Meanwhile, the wooden staircase to the central tower of the abbey becomes overloaded with panicked villagers and collapses. The village and abbey below is set ablaze.
Cellach is wounded by an arrow, and stabbed by a Viking raider; Brendan is dragged away by the frantic Aidan, who tells them that there is nothing that they can do. After they leave, Cellach, having survived the attack, sees the burning remains of the scriptorium. The central tower of the abbey is left untouched by the Vikings, leaving the few villagers and Brother Tang to survive the carnage. Thinking that their nephew has perished, Cellach falls into a deep despair.
While running through the woods, Brendan and Aidan are confronted by the raiders, and the Viking leader takes the book's bejeweled cover and scatters the pages. Before two Viking raiders can kill Brendan and Aidan, Aisling's black wolves attack the Vikings, saving the two refugees. Brendan and Aidan gather the pages and depart. Cellach and the remaining villagers take refuge in the monastery.
Brendan and Aidan travel across Ireland, and, after many years, complete the book. Aidan, after entrusting the book to Brendan, dies. The now-adult Brendan returns to Kells with Pangur Bán, guided by Aisling (in wolf form). The aged guilt-ridden Cellach is nearing death. Brendan and the abbot happily reunite, and Brendan displays the complete Book of Kells to their uncle. The film closes with an animation rendition of some of the illuminated pages of the book.
Cast [ edit ]
Influences [ edit ]
The film is based on the story of the origin of the Book of Kells, an illuminated manuscript Gospel book in Latin, containing the four Gospels of the New Testament located in Dublin, Ireland. It also draws upon Celtic mythology;[7] examples include its inclusion of Crom Cruach, a pre-Christian Irish deity[8] and the reference to the poetic genre of Aislings, in which a poet is confronted by a dream or vision of a seeress, in the naming of the forest sprite encountered by Brendan. Wider mythological similarities have also been commented upon, such as parallels between Brendan's metaphysical battle with Crom Cruach and Beowulf's underwater encounter with Grendel's mother.[9] The Secret of Kells began development in 1999, when Tomm Moore and several of their friends were inspired by Richard Williams's The Thief and the Cobbler, Disney's Mulan and the works of Hayao Miyazaki, which based their visual style on the respective traditional art of the cultures featured in each film. They decided to do something similar to Studio Ghibli's films but with Irish art.[10] Tomm Moore explained that the visual style was inspired by Celtic and medieval art, being 'flat, with false perspective and lots of colour'. Even the clean up was planned to 'obtain the stained glass effect of thicker outer lines'.[11]
Reception [ edit ]
The film was very well received; it holds a 91% overall approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 78 reviews with an average rating of 7.6/10[12] with the critical consensus that "Beautifully drawn and refreshingly calm, The Secret of Kells hearkens back to animation's golden age with an enchanting tale inspired by Irish mythology."[12] On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 based on reviews from critics, the film has a score of 81 (indicating "universal acclaim") based on 20 reviews.
Some critics compared the film to Hayao Miyazaki's works such as Princess Mononoke and Spirited Away. www.movies.ie called it "a unique animated movie... beautifully made... has a magical other-worldly feel, with a script and visuals that reminded me of Hayao Miyazaki's movies (Spirited Away, etc.)... puts other 3D movies with bigger budgets to shame". Joe Morgenstern of the Wall Street Journal said that "it pays homage to Celtic culture and design, together with techniques and motifs that evoke Matisse, Miyazaki and the minimalist cartoons of UPA".[13]
Gary Thompson of the Philadelphia Daily News said The Secret of Kells "is noteworthy for its unique, ornate design, its moments of silence... and gorgeous music".[14] Leslie Felperin of Variety Magazine praised the film as "Refreshingly different" and "absolutely luscious to behold".[15] Jeremy W. Kaufmann of Ain't It Cool News called its animation "absolutely brilliant",[16] and reviewers at Starlog called it "one of the greatest hand drawn independent animated movies of all time".[17] Writing for the Los Angeles Times, Charles Solomon ranked the film the tenth best anime on their "Top 10".[18] On Oscar weekend it was released at the IFC Center in New York City and was then released in other venues and cities in the United States, where it grossed $667,441.[19]
Accolades [ edit ]
Wins
Nominations
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Literature [ edit ]
This sort of topic tends to get emotions running high and insults flying faster than you can shout “Burn the witch”, so I thought that it would be a good idea to lay a few points on the table first. To begin, this is not an anti-male article or even a pro-feminist one; this is just a collection of my own personal thoughts based on my own personal gaming experiences. Secondly, this is not a rallying call for people to go out and burn copies of Leisure Suit Larry or whatever the heck it is that we're supposed to be upset about this week, so can we please put the torches down before somebody singes their eyebrows.
There has always been, and there always will be amazing games out there that aren't carefully gender balanced – just look at the Devil May Cry series, for example. Capcom's classic combat franchise is a big ball of daft fun, and you'll have to prise my copy of Devil May Cry 3 from my cold, dead hands before I ever part with it.
As such, it's not that I mind games having giant bouncy boobs or skimpy outfits on the female characters, and I don't even mind being a minority in my own hobby – but it's very nice when I'm not, and it took a PlayStation Vita game to remind me of that.
A recent Japanese PlayStation Plus update enabled users the opportunity to play Beast Master and Prince, a Japan-only ‘otome' game released last year on Sony's flagship handheld that was previously available on both the PlayStation Portable and PlayStation 2. For those not in the loop, this genre can be described as romantically-inclined adventure games, where the twist is that the lead character is a woman and all of the male characters are created with female gamers in mind. If you'd like to think of an English language equivalent, consider Hakuoki: Demon of the Fleeting Bosom, and you're on exactly the right sort of lines.
Now then, the abovementioned Idea Factory title's story of a teenage girl and their four talking animal friends – that are, of course, actually princes cursed by an evil spell – isn't in danger of winning any awards or changing the face of gaming as we know it, but I found myself absolutely enchanted by it regardless, and a lot of that was simply because it was the first game in a very long time that acknowledged me as both a gamer and a woman – just for once, I didn't have to leave my gender at the door. And it achieved all of that without drowning me in pink or tying its narrative into some awful toy license, too.
As a result, when I play the portable title, it's partly to see if not-lion Prince Matheus is finally going to notice the undivided attention my character's been lavishing on him, but it's also just to experience what it's like to be in a game's main target demographic for once. As someone's who's trained themselves to sharp-elbow their way into a hobby that can be unwelcoming and in some cases downright threatening to anyone that's not part of the perceived ‘norm', it's a strangely novel feeling to come across a series that's actively pursuing me as a consumer.
And that's why I can also understand why certain gamers are so quick to defend traditional male-orientated gaming clichés, like the stereotypically attractive female sidekicks, impossibly cool power-fantasy leads, and anything else that reinforces how ace it is to be a straight guy gamer. After all, it's a nice feeling when you're being catered to – and I wouldn't want to take that away from anyone.
This is where it gets puzzling, though. Books, films, and television each manage to have something for everyone – and the games market could do, too, if it tried. ‘Chick lit' doesn't stop manly spy thrillers from existing. The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift can sit next to The Full Monty on the DVD shelf at home, and nobody even bats an eyelid – unless, of course, it's your great gran's collection. And neither of these extremes prevent a range of mainstream, niche, arty, blockbuster, and nerd media from happily existing in between.
I don't want to wipe all gaming off the map and start over; I love the medium, and I always have. Not every game ever created needs to appeal to my interests, gender, or sexual persuasion. However, Beast Master and Prince has reminded me that I would at least like to be taken seriously as a potential customer in my hobby – and not have that experience limited to niche-of-a-niche otome games and smartphone puzzle titles. Publishers should take note: I have money and a pile of consoles and handhelds. I want to be your consumer – so please, occasionally, treat me like one.
Would you like to see more studios stray away from the typical gamer stereotype? Do you think the issue stems from developers, publishers, or gaming culture itself? Do you think that there's even a problem at all? Let us know in the comments section below.
Kids fashion photo-shoot. Whimsical Forest.
Location: AKELstudio, Alpharetta, GA
Atlanta commercial photographer Alex Koloskov
Stylist, retoucher Genia Larionova
Just finished a next FUN photo-session with our little models:-) It was awesome collaboration with brilliant fashion designers Alla Koval and Francoise Lama-Solet
How it was in reality see our behind-the-scene video below. As always, all technical aspects and full length video from this photo-session you can find on Alex Koloskov blog
I hope you had a fun to see these photos and video:-). I update this blog every week, subscribe to our RSS feed and “Like” our AKELstudio page on Facebook:-)
Alex Koloskov are working on a next masterclass: High-end watch photography. Most likely we'll be doing LIVE masterclass for those who interested to see the photoshot in real-time, same as we had first time. Will announce it in a few days. If you do not want to miss it, make sure to subscribe to Alex's RSS feed or email updates.
Trump and Clinton supporters were asked if they felt favorably or unfavorably about top broadcasters in a recent National Research Group survey commissioned by THR.
Bill O'Reilly has been voted the most unfavorably viewed news figure, according to a poll conducted by the National Research Group and commissioned by The Hollywood Reporter. Of the 1,000 respondents (all frequent news consumers, split 50-50 between Trump and Clinton supporters), 24 percent said they felt "very unfavorable" toward O'Reilly.
At 20 percent of respondents, Sean Hannity ranked as the second-most-unfavorably viewed news personality. Megyn Kelly and Rachel Maddow both tied at 17 percent "very unfavorable" responses, and Brian Williams was viewed very unfavorably by 14 percent.
The survey was conducted April 1-2, the same weekend an exposé by The New York Times revealed that O'Reilly had been accused of sexually harassing or verbally abusing five women, who collectively received $13 million in payments in exchange for not pursing litigation or speaking publicly about the accusations. Over two dozen advertisers have since pulled out of The O'Reilly Factor. Attorney Lisa Bloom — whose client came forward with harassment claims involving O'Reilly — has called for an investigation into Fox News, and O'Reilly has taken a "previously scheduled" vacation with plans to return on April 24.
However, the scandal has drawn in more viewers for their show, with O'Reilly Factor ratings increasing and topping all cable news last week.
"In a different time, O'Reilly's situation should have destroyed their career," says NRG CEO Jon Penn. "But in today's polarized climate, it amplifies their appeal among Trump voters. To their supporters, the O'Reilly brand personifies aggression, controversy, independence and fearlessness, [and] their talking points are 'real' — it's the rest of the media news that is fake."
Photo Credit: Abed Rahim Khatib / Flash 90
Two Hamas terrorists were killed in a tunnel collapse in the southern Gaza Strip on Tuesday night, one week after seven other terrorists were killed in a tunnel collapse in northern Gaza. In a statement, Hamas' military wing Izz al-Din al-Qassam Brigades identified the fighters as 35-year-old Fouad Ashor al-Etewi and 23-year-old Ahmad Haidar al-Zahhar from al-Nusirat refugee camp, Ma'an reported. The statement added that the tunnel “belonged to the resistance,” but did not offer any other details.
The rain and the massive flooding of the tunnel network by the Egyptian army has led to a vast chain reaction of collapsing tunnels, NRG reported Wednesday. On Tuesday last week, seven Hamas terrorists were killed when a tunnel they were rebuilding in the northern Gaza Strip reportedly collapsed due to heavy rain.
Advertisement
According to Reuters, Egypt has been pumping salt water from the nearby Mediterranean into the tunnels for more than a year, creating a huge mess as the water rises to the surface. Hamas officials are saying the flooding contaminates water supplies, destroys farmland and spreads disease.
The Institute for Palestine Studies reported in 2012 that Hamas authorities had counted 160 deaths inside the tunnels since the Israeli blockade began in 2007, and in August 2014, al-Jazeera reported as many as 400 deaths, but both those figures appear to be seriously outdated. The Palestine Studies report accused Hamas of a “cavalier approach to child labor and tunnel fatalities,” as “nothing was done to impede the use of children in the tunnels, where, much as in Victorian coal mines, they are prized for their nimble bodies.”
Hamas claims to have rebuilt many of the tunnels that were destroyed during the 2014 war with Israel. Last week, Israel threatened to seal the crossings between Israel and the Gaza Strip due to revelations that Hamas was using for tunnel construction the incoming cement that was intended for rebuilding the strip.
On Friday, Hamas deputy chief Ismail Haniyeh confirmed the continued rebuilding of the underground tunnels leading from Gaza to Israel in preparation for the next war. “There are those who think that the calm is a time of rest,” Haniyeh said, “but this is a continuation of the struggle. Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades are working and preparing for Palestine. Fighters are digging twice as much as the number of tunnels dug in Vietnam.”
They declared: “In east Gaza there are heroes digging tunnels under the ground and in the west there are those testing rockets. The Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades are digging tunnels to defend Gaza and turn it into a launch pad for all of Palestine.”
So you chose a college, applied, ripped open your acceptance letter, and did an embarrassingly long fist-pump dance in your closet where your brother can't film it and put it on YouTube.
Now… how you do pay for it?
In this second episode of our three-part Path to College series, we'll attempt to give you a somewhat comprehensive overview of paying for a college education.
If you need a recap, or are just jumping in, here's a breakdown of the series:
Part 1: Getting in – choosing a college, applying, and getting accepted
– choosing a college, applying, and getting accepted Part 2: Paying for college – grants and loans, payback options, cutting the cost, finding scholarships
– grants and loans, payback options, cutting the cost, finding scholarships Part 3: Becoming college-ready – being emotionally prepared, assuming more responsibility and freedom, dealing with stress, time management
Before I walk you through a quick summary of the episode's content, I need to let you know up front: This episode is will mostly pertain to U.S. students!
Martin and I both live in the U.S and went to college here, so it's the country we're most familiar with. Since this episode's content is so detailed and complex, it wasn't feasible to included differences for other countries. However, I can try to link you to other resources if you're in search of information for a different location.
With that being said, here's a quick breakdown of what you'll find in this episode!
First, we talk a bit about what I call the dream school mindset – the tendency for students and parents to mentally pre-commit to a dream school before discovering whether or not they'll be able to afford it. Staunchly sticking with this mindset can land families with mountains of student loan debt – which is often unnecessary. To prove that, we go through some research that proves the prestigious reputation of a college matters far less to a student's future income than many believe.
Next, we'll get into some practical ways to cut the cost of college. If you want even more detail, check out my article 39 Ways to Cut the Cost of College.
After that come the real detailed bits. I'll let you know right up front: This is one of the most detail-heavy episodes we've ever done. We go through a crash course that covers:
Tuition payment options
The FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid)
Scholarships
Grants
Loans – Federal and Private
Repayment options
Loan consolidation
Part-time jobs
Saving for college
It's a doozy of an episode, but I'm hoping you'll come out of it with a much more comprehensive knowledge of how to pay for college – and how to do it the smart way.
Featured Book
Zac Bissonnette's book Debt-Free U is probably the resource that has taught me the most about the ins and outs of paying for college. It's also one of my most-recommended books for any student or parent in the U.S., and currently sits at the top of my list of Essential Books for Students.
In my humble opinion, you should absolutely pick up a copy of this book and give it a read if you're a U.S.-based college student, a college-bound high school student, or the parent of one. It's certainly not the be-all-end-all resource for college finances, but it'll do a great job of arming you with knowledge you can use to save a lot of money (even if you've already listened to this episode).
One area in particular where the book really shines is where it debunks many of the reasons people cite for what makes a college “good” – and hence justifies a high price tag. Bissonnette gives you lots of data, anecdotes, and other common sense reasons for why rankings, celebrity faculty, and other factors should not sway you decision in favor of an expensive school.
This is one of those books that has a high likelihood of paying for itself quickly. If you'd like to pick up a copy, using the link above helps support College Info Geek!
Things mentioned in this episode:
Want more cool stuff? You can find all sorts of great tools at my Resources page.
If you enjoyed this episode, subscribe to the podcast on iTunes! It's easy, you'll get new episodes automatically, and it also helps the show gain exposure 🙂 You can also leave a review!
Here's an image for sharing this episode on social media:
Photo appears in the latest issue of group's magazine, Dabiq, which also accuses refugees of throwing away ‘lives and souls' of their children by going to Europe
Islamic State is using the shocking image of a drowned Kurdish boy to suggest that refugees fleeing the grinding brutality of the Syrian civil war deserve their fate.
A photograph of three-year old Alan Kurdi, face down and lifeless on the Turkish beach where their body washed ashore, sparked global outrage and placed new pressure on European leaders to admit Syrian refugees. Their family was seeking the safety of Canada after fleeing Kobani, the Syrian Kurdish city that Isis besieged and assaulted for months before being driven off by US-backed Kurdish fighters.
Now Isis has published a photograph of the boy, whose name was initially misreported as Aylan, in an article for its English-language magazine Dabiq under the headline “The Danger of Abandoning Darul-Islam”, or Islamic lands, a term the article implies means Isis's own self-proclaimed caliphate in Iraq and Syria.
It is not the only inflammatory photograph contained in Dabiq's newest edition, published on Wednesday, which includes a two-page pictorial spread celebrating its destruction of the ancient temple of Bel in Palmyra, a cultural artifact whose construction began in 32 BCE.
Refugees from Syria commit “a major dangerous sin” by seeking shelter in the west, the Isis article proclaims, a sin that mortgages the lives and souls of their children.
“Sadly, some Syrians and Libyans are willing to risk the lives and souls of those whom they are responsible to raise upon the Sharī'ah – their children – sacrificing many of them during the dangerous trip to the lands of the war-waging crusaders ruled by laws of atheism and indecency,” the article states.
In western lands, refugees and their families “are under the constant threat of fornication, sodomy, drugs and alcohol”, even if they do not fall into apostasy, the article says. Leaving the caliphate opens “a gate towards one's children and grandchildren abandoning Islam for Christianity, atheism or liberalism”.
While many European nativist opponents of resettling the Syrian refugees claim that they will change the character of Europe, Isis warns that it's the other way around.
“If they don't fall into sin, they will forget the language of the Koran – Arabic – which they were surrounded by in Sham [Syria], Iraq, Libya and elsewhere, making the return to the religion and its teachings more difficult,” Isis contends.
In keeping with Isis's blend of sectarianism, the 11th issue of the militant group's magazine devotes considerable energy to attacking other jihadist militant and terrorist factions.
Continuing its war with al-Qaida, Isis excoriates what used to be its parent organization for going along with the two-year ruse that Taliban leader Mullah Omar was still alive. (It calls new Taliban leader Akhtar Mansoor an “infamous liar” and stooge of Pakistani intelligence.) Members of al-Qaida are “blind sheep … [who] do not think for themselves, and instead allow their personal desires and that of their blind shepherds to lead them on”.
Reportedly, a new audiotape from the near-invisible leader of al-Qaida, Ayman al-Zawahiri, struck a conciliatory note. While Zawahiri continues to denounce Isis as illegitimate, they reportedly stated that were they in Iraq or Syria, “I would cooperate with them in killing the crusaders and secularists and Shiites”.
In the magazine, Isis's al-Qaida rivals in Syria, the Nusra Front, are portrayed as tools of Nato ally Turkey and the UK prime minister, David Cameron. Hamas in Gaza is termed fraudulent and inauthentically Islamic, “a nationalist entity actively adopting democracy as a means of change since ‘2005'”.
The “hidden imam” of the Shias, whom Isis loathes, is portrayed as a crypto-Jew, as illustrated by a picture of the antisemitic former Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad greeting an orthodox Jewish man. A caption on a picture of the destruction of the World Trade Center asserts that “the Crusaders were cooperating with Iran prior to September 11 and following the blessed attacks their cooperation grew”.
Isis also claimed that the group is holding two new hostages: a 48-year old Norwegian citizen, Ole Johan Grimsgaard-Ofstad, and a 50-year old Chinese citizen, Fan Jinghui. The magazine showed them in yellow jumpsuits and published a telegraph number for a “limited time” ransom offer. It does not say when or where they were abducted. Isis has beheaded other hostages.
Donald Trump is back at it on Twitter, this time taking aim at a former Miss Universe and urging their 12 million followers to check out their alleged "sex tape and past." The only thing is, there's no evidence a sex tape even exists.
Enlarge Image Sara D. Davis/Getty Images
The Republican presidential nominee rattled off a trio of pre-dawn tweets Friday claiming their Democratic rival Hillary Clinton was "duped and used" by former Miss Universe winner Alicia Machado.
Their rant comes four days after Trump's first debate with Clinton in which they called out their views on women. Clinton said they once referred to Machado, who was born in Venezuela and had reportedly gained weight after winning the pageant, as "Miss Piggy" and "Miss Housekeeping."
In Friday's tweets, Trump calls Machado a "con" and said Clinton's use of Machado as a "paragon of virtue" is an example of bad judgment. However, the debunking site Snopes looked into the claim and didn't find evidence of Machado doing a sex video, but that they did pose for Playboy.
Trump also posed for Playboy. They were on the cover of the March 1990 issue, which you can buy on Amazon.com. He's made no secret of their appearance on the cover. They also show up briefly in a "Playboy Video Centerfold" video from 2000.
Trump's rants have been retweeted and liked more than 30,000 times.
Machado responded Friday on Twitter, saying: "I will not be bullied or silenced. I'm standing with women and the Latino community everywhere."
Clinton responded as well, tweeting in Spanish that "Alicia deserves respect for bravely confronting Trump's attacks. How dare they blame them and say that they helped her?"
About two-thirds of viewers believe Clinton won Monday's debate.
First published September 30, 6:24 a.m. PT.
Update, 11:11 a.m. PT: Adds detail, adds responses from Machado and Clinton. 5:12 p.m.: Adds info on Playboy cover. October 1 at 9:07 a.m.: Adds info on Playboy video.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel delivers a speech at the opening of CeBIT technology in Hanover, Germany, last year. Germany is one of only three European countries on board to meet or beat the 2020 deadline to allow a 700 megahertz band of spectra to be assigned for wireless broadband | Ole Spata/EPA Europe on edge of another tech revolution lost Squabbles over spectrum could be Continent's undoing in the race to 5G.
In the world of tech and telecoms, the acronym du jour is 5G. The great “fifth generation” leap will, so they say, make self-driving cars or live HD television on the subway a reality. It's a race that Europe is behind in, and perhaps that's no surprise for a onetime trailblazer now seen as a laggard on most things digital.
Here is the surprise: The EU's problem with 5G isn't a lack of entrepreneurial drive or venture capital, as is so often the case. It's politics.
For 5G to take off in the EU, proponents insist the Continent needs to implement the same standards and harmonize spectrums around the same time across all 28 EU countries. It can't be done just at the national level in a bloc that has removed most barriers to movement of people or goods. Brussels wants to create a digital version of the Schengen borderless travel zone. This is where Europe's 5G push has run into trouble.
The previous digital commissioner, Neelie Kroes, tried to coordinate spectrum across EU nations under the Connected Continent package. Even this half-step towards fully harmonized spectrum was shot down, in the summer of 2015, by national governments. The European Council refused to cede ground, and the spectrum harmonization parts of the proposal were eventually abandoned. The only two elements to emerge successfully from Connected Continent were a ban on cell phone roaming charges from June 2017 and securing rules on open Internet access, known as net neutrality.
Brussels is trying again with a digital single market plan unveiled last year and other initiatives. And again it's running into opposition from some powerful vested interests at the national level.
‘Sweet spot'
For several months, Roberto Viola, the Italian who leads the 1,000 civil servants at the Commission's DG Connect, has been traveling around Europe to try to build consensus. The key to the plan is to get governments to stitch together spectrum — the radio frequency that a mobile service can use to transmit and receive a signal — to make the next generation of wireless technology possible across the EU.
Viola is trying to persuade member countries to allow their 700 megahertz band of spectra to be assigned for wireless broadband by 2020. That will allow cross-border coordination for things like connected cars and remote health care, which come to life as part of 5G.
“This band is the sweet spot for both wide coverage and high speeds. It will give top-quality internet access to all Europeans, even in rural areas, and pave the way for 5G,” said Commission Vice President Andrus Ansip.
The Commission's bull's-eye covers 694 MHz to 790 MHz. However, that's being used by TV broadcasters for free-to-air channels. Sacrificing that band will reduce the amount of spectrum that digital TV broadcasters can use by 30 percent, which would be problematic for countries like Italy where space for TV channels is scarce.
The industry is concerned some EU countries won't have the funds to change their infrastructure, having already invested heavily in technology for that band, according to the European Broadcasting Union. Also, some licenses for the spectrum, like Italy's, will last until 2032.
Viola is meeting resistance in Southern Europe, where the powerful interests of Italy are bolstered by Greece and Romania, according to two people involved in the discussions. They lead a bloc of nations seeking to delay the transfer of spectrum until after 2022.
Italy isn't alone in seeking more time. Of the 28 member nations, the majority want to delay the transfer until at least 2022.
“Italy is the problem,” said a high-ranking official within the Commission. While Viola's appointment wasn't a strategic ploy to help persuade the Italians to back the plan, their presence will help ease any proposals through parliament, according to one telecoms negotiator.
Italy is defending its public broadcaster, RAI, which uses the coveted spectrum band to bring TV to millions of its citizens, because of the cost and difficulty of reshuffling its broadcast network from 700 MHz to a lower band. The U.K.'s communications regulator, Ofcom, puts the cost of changing the use of the band at £660 million (€838 million) in 2022 for Britain alone.
Italy isn't alone in seeking more time. Of the 28 member nations, the majority want to delay the transfer until at least 2022.
Nations which have non-EU neighbors are concerned because they'll have to renegotiate agreements on the use of spectrum at their national borders, where there's some overlap. Finland, for example, will need to strike a new deal with Russia, at a time when the EU's relations with Moscow are less than cordial.
So far, only France, Germany and Sweden are on board to meet or beat the 2020 deadline. Denmark, Finland and the U.K. have outlined plans to shift the band over the next few years.
Viola is also reviewing Europe's telecom laws, which range from access to the networks of the largest players to whether services like WhatsApp and Skype need to be regulated. They said that they will propose harmonized rules for spectrum as well as guidance for robotics, supercomputers and the Internet of Things.
Viola described their reform of Europe's telecoms market as “ambitious” in an interview earlier this year.
But their full range of proposals won't be seen until at least September — at least three months later than expected.
Missing the revolution
There's growing anxiety in Europe that Chinese firms such as Huawei and ZTE will wow customers with technology that will revolutionize industries like health and automotive, while the European Parliament and Council bicker over details. South Korea plans to preview 5G technology during the 2018 Winter Olympics.
“First movers have such a huge time advantage over the early followers that Europe cannot afford to be second,” said Hossein Moiin, Nokia's chief technology officer. “So be very careful.”
The best that European Commissioner for Digital Economy Günther Oettinger, one of the loudest proponents of a European-led jump to the next generation, can offer is an unveiling at the Euro 2020 football tournament. That's two years after South Korea and, even then, that wasn't their own idea but a suggestion from an audience member at a Q&A session earlier this year.
Oettinger hosted a two-and-a-half-hour roundtable with telecom and automaker executives on 5G and connected cars at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in late February. In their meetings with leaders of European industry, participants say, the German commissioner bemoans Europe's weakness on big data and applications, and points to 5G as a chance for the Continent to catch up.
“Is Europe scared? Yes, they wouldn't make all this noise otherwise,” said Antonio Graziano, Huawei's vice president of European public affairs.
Europe's own tech giants say they're moving fast to develop the necessary technology to make 5G work. Sweden's Ericsson has partnered with Swedish teleco TeliaSonera and KT of South Korea on 5G projects.
The EU was the mobile communications champion from the early 1990s on. The European Conference of Postal and Telecommunications Administrations created the standard technology that transformed the way we communicate. The Global System for Mobile Communications, or GSM, introduced text messages and was the backbone for 3G, which provided mobile broadband.
Then things went awry as nations auctioned their 4G spectrum at different times, with Germany taking the first step in 2010. That could happen again with 5G though it would be more complicated as the next generation can use an array of spectrum bands and needs a fixed-line backbone.
But that would be a blow for elements of the digital single market, such as Continent-wide connected cars, according to the European Telecommunications Network Operators' Association.
“Consumers' ability to enjoy 5G services will also depend on spectrum harmonization. Addressing fragmentation is key to secure Europe's lead,” said ETNO spokesperson Alessandro Gropelli.
"I would be very focused on making sure that the standards are designed in the interest of European operators." — Vittorio Colao, Vodafone CEO
Nokia, the maker of the device in almost everyone's pocket 15 years ago, has retreated into a very dry maker of network equipment and is trying to fight back through mergers. And that's symptomatic of how far Europe has slipped behind.
Of late, even when the EU does get things right — such as by funding a €700 million public-private partnership launched in 2013 — the technology risks having no home because of the politics around spectrum.
Europe is unlikely to deliver 5G before parts of Asia, and it's only those with global businesses whose products and services are not dependent on 5G who are relaxed. Take Vodafone. Even though it's based in London and has operations in Europe, its focus has moved towards Africa, where 4G access is better than in some European cities, and India, where more than a billion people are going mobile.
“I would be very focused on making sure that the standards are designed in the interest of European operators and make sure that the release of spectrum and the rules around access, privacy, net neutrality are the same across Europe,” Vodafone CEO, Vittorio Colao, said.
Without cross-border rules and standards, the digital single market won't work, they added, though their business doesn't rely upon 5G in the short term.
Laggards' tech tax
At the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, a queue of people snaked around Huawei's pavilion waiting their turn to play against Kuka, a 5G-enabled, air hockey-playing robot. The German-made automaton uses a camera suspended above the air hockey table and accesses Huawei's near-5G connection to defend its goal from human players.
Well, at least it uses the faster speeds in China. There, the robots can tap into Huawei's Wi-Fi network and receive and transmit data 100-times faster than standard mobile access almost anywhere in Europe. Huawei salespersons explained that Spain's telecommunications network was too slow for Kuka to move at top speed.
“I've never seen more love letters being sent in the industry.” — Ulf Ewaldsson, Ericsson's chief technology officer
The plodding pace of change in Europe could have a hefty economic price tag.
In Europe, greater connectivity between devices like your phone and home appliances — the so-called Internet of Things — could add nearly €330 billion to the economy by 2020, including €8 billion from connected cars, according to the Boston Consulting Group. The Internet of Things won't work as well without 5G.
The World Bank estimates that for every 10 percent of the population that has high-speed broadband connection, gross domestic product rises 1.21 percent in developed economies. That jumps to 1.38 points for less developed countries.
For connected and self-driving cars, regulations for data roaming and privacy need to be in sync across Europe or the EU risks being overtaken by the U.S. and China, said Oettinger. Automakers and telecom operators are due to meet the Commissioner in the summer for their third roundtable meeting on the topic, where they'll agree the financial, legal and technical requirements for the evolution of the EU's auto industry.
That's forcing some equipment makers into shotgun weddings. Nokia acquired Alcatel-Lucent for €15.6 billion to compete with Ericsson and to give it exposure to North America, as its mobile network equipment business slows.
“I've never seen more love letters being sent in the industry,” said Ulf Ewaldsson, Ericsson's chief technology officer. “First-mover advantage in 5G is very important. There are more movements in North America and Asia than there are in Europe.”
The Islamic State released the English edition of its al-Bayan news bulletin for June 1, 2015, reporting on its attacks in Iraq, Libya, Sinai and Syria, including the bombing in Sinai of a gas pipeline to Jordan. (SITE Intelligence Group)
"We thank our listeners for tuning in and present the following Islamic State news bulletin."
That is how thousands of listeners are greeted when they tune into al-Bayan, the Islamic State radio broadcast that delivers the Islamic State news from a smooth, male voice with an American accent.
The news bulletin, delivered through Twitter and other social media sites, is yet another avenue the Islamic State has used to up its recruitment and get even more people to join in its fight to create a caliphate.
The radio segment eerily sounds like an NPR news program -- it leads with "a glimpse of the main headlines," followed by updates from the various "wilayats," or states, of the Islamic State in Syria, Iraq and beyond.
The program then ends with a recap of the headlines and then another thank you to "listeners for tuning in."
But behind the savvy production, professional tone and soothing background music lurks a more sinister message: The bulletins, distributed in English and in Arabic, calmly detail the attacks the Islamic State carried out, the suicide bombings by their fighters and the deaths of opposition groups.
The Islamic State released the English edition of its al-Bayan news bulletin for May 31, 2015, reporting on its attacks in Iraq, Libya and Syria, including the bombing of the Furqlus gas pipeline in Homs and suicide bombings by Moroccan and Syrian fighters in al-Hasakah. (SITE Intelligence Group)
When a suicide bomber's attack is announced on the program, it is always followed by a wish that Allah would accept them as a martyr. Take this June 1 broadcast-- the news of a militant attack in Misrata, Libya, that left five dead the previous day was listed under news from "Wilayat Tarabulus," an Islamic State stronghold in Libya.
Our brother Abū Wahīb at-Tūnusī carried out an istishhādī operation targeting Fajr Libya fighters at the Dafniyyah gate located between Misrātah and Zulaytin in Wilāyat Tarābulus. May Allah accept them amongst the shuhadā'.
The news bulletin also includes the execution of spies, rockets aimed at opposition groups, snipers that killed Kurdish fighters and any victories over what the announcer calls "strategic" points, cities or villages.
Along with Islamic State successes, attacks from opposition forces are also listed. But unlike the death tolls from Islamic State assaults, deaths of Muslims or children are always highlighted as the casualties from attacks carried out by the militant group's enemies. From the June 1 bulletin:
Safawī-crusader coalition warplanes bombed Masjid Shākir ad-Dāhī, and commercial buildings in the Fallūjah market, which resulted in several Muslims, including children, being killed and injured, and led to extensive damage to Muslim property.
Listing news from regions beyond Iraq and Syria, these broadcasts highlight the rapidly growing "wilayats," or states, that the jihadists now either control or have an affiliated militant group that is extremely active. The attacks in regions far beyond the original Islamic State-controlled cities are clearly mentioned, emphasizing the group's increasing influence.
But the even more disturbing notion these broadcasts highlight is one of the biggest struggles that forces fighting the militants face: Their growing propaganda machine has morphed into a powerful tool that has attracted more than 20,000 fighters from all around the world, inspired attacks in places like Bangladesh to Texas, and has resulted in thousands of supporters far beyond Syria and Iraq.
In fact, data by the Brookings institution shows that Saudi Arabia has the largest number of Twitter accounts by Islamic State supporters.
The Islamic extremist propaganda is leaps and bounds ahead of the dispatches of Osama bin-Laden in a cave, but even more recently, it is a clear example of "how far the hardcore Islamic propaganda machine has come since 2012, when an aging Frenchman posed in front of a jihadi flag and threatened France in the name of al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb," according to the Associated Press.
While Islamic State's use of flourishes, U.S. propaganda has struggled to keep up. Read the previous story here.
Related content:
Graphic: The propaganda wars since 9/11
Map: The world according to the Islamic State
The Islamic State was dumped by al-Qaeda a year ago. Look where it is now.
This is a very old entry — images are small, formatting is off. Chrome Loses Volume
Reviewed Mar. 17, 2011 by Armin Industry / Technology
First released for Windows XP in December of 2008, Google Chrome is a browser developed by, yes, Google. Versions for Mac OS X and Linux followed a few months later and since then Chrome has become one of the most popular browsers — 19.26% of you are reading Brand New on Chrome, in third “place” behind Safari and Firefox. Chrome's most current stable release is version 10.0.648.134 (but you knew that, right?) and currently in development is dev version 11.0.696.12 which is not released to the public yet but for those that are taking it for an early spin they have gotten a glimpse at the new logo for Chrome. The new logo for Chrome surfaced after a new logo for Chromium — the open source version of Chrome — made its debut earlier this year.
It's certainly nice and welcome to move away from logos that looked as if they came out of a mash-up of Fisher-Price and Tron and the new “abstract,” flat logos are slightly slicker but there is still something odd about them. There is shading still involved, so dimension is meant to be implied, yet it's hard to tell what that dimension is supposed to be. If the light source is coming from above, how come there are shadows being cast from bottom to top as seen in the green-to-red transition? The red-to-yellow pane indicates one kind of dimension but the rest doesn't follow. Realistic dimension is not about taking one shape and step-repeating it, shadow and all, a couple of times to form the circle. The previous versions of Chrome and Chromium were garish but at least it was clear what the dimension was. With the new ones, Google tried some kind of compromise between full 3D rendering and flat and it didn't quite pay off. Maybe I'm just misinterpreting what I'm seeing or trying to extract too much sense out of it — indeed, I'm just glad for the move towards simplicity.
Thanks Lucian Marin for first tip.
I recently posted a scatter plot (below) on Facebook/Twitter of preliminary metadata that we are accumulating as part of the American Gut project – which includes, among other things, a questionnaire of 50 + questions and a 7 day food journal. Plotting participants self-reported height, weight, and 7 days of dietary info (recorded using an online calorie counter), we can plot percentage of daily calories from fat (all sources) against body mass index (BMI) – which we calculate from the height and weight of the participant. While the data is of the dreaded self-reported kind, the lack of any significant correlation between % of daily calories from fat and BMI, is still very interesting (note even if you remove the various obvious outliers, the correlation – or lack of – is the same). In other words, as fat goes up in the diet, BMI does not per se. (Note we just started sequencing poo samples. Will be able to see how the metadata correlates with the microbial data in a few months – stay tuned).
As I look at the preliminary generic metadata (below) and follow the conversation around the benefits of a low carb diet, I continue to be concerned about the low-carbers gut microbiota (note I eat meat daily, so my diet is high in fat, animal protein – but also dietary fiber – as I eat a large diversity and qty of plants. Though I don't consume many grains in any form). While there is no denying the wonderful results many people enjoy on a low (and even lower) carb diet – specifically weight loss, which is well-documented now in the peer-review research – the impact on the gut microbiota is not well understood. As we can see from our accumulating metadata (ultimate goal is 20,000 participants – we are at 6,000 now – with complete metadata on ~1,000 so far), we are likely to have a decent sample of low carb dieters (hopefully). This data will allow us to compare the gut microbial communities of this population against other dietary strategies. (But again, please note we have not completed sequencing of low, low carb eaters and so are not presenting any of that data [the plot is just metadata on fat and BMI – which tells us nothing about gut health of the various dots in the plot]. The following discussion is based on some general observations based on the existing literature about fermentation, pH, and its impact on the gut microbiome).
Please note the data in the plot above is self-reported and preliminary. As with all self-reported data, its not ideal. As data points are added over the coming months, will be interesting to see if the (lack) correlation holds. The average age of the persons in the plot is 46 – the youngest is 2, the oldest is 90. 55% are female, 45% male. ~99% are from the U.S. The point of showing this particular plot is that “these particular data” do not show any correlation with fat intake as a % of calories and BMI. Again, this has NOTHING to do with gut bacteria – at the moment – just an interesting “lack” of correlation (and should be interesting/useful for those following a HF diet).
Depending on whom you talk with, a low carb diet is many different things to many people. I think most misinterpret a Paleo or Primal lifestyle as somehow low carb. It can be, but most folks eat a diversity and quantity of whole plants that exceed that of the average American – often by a long shot. It can sometimes be a little low carb-like due the absence of high caloric foods made from grains. But I often find people who skip grains, sugar and the like as really paying attention to whole plants in their diet – which is, of course, a good thing. But a bona fide low, low carb eater is another animal all together. Whether you draw that line at 25, 50, or 75g a day of carbs, its low I'm afraid from the perspective of your gut bugs. Especially if those carbs contain a limited amount of resistant starch and other dietary fibers – food for gut bacteria.
That said, even though someone who eats as much as 200-500g of carbs a day can still be starving their guts bugs if those foods contain little to now indigestible substrates (fiber), a generic rule of thumb (albeit an ugly measure) is less overall carbohydrates – especially when you start dropping below 75-100g a day – translates into a dramatic drop in the amount of food reaching your colon where the vast majority of your intestinal microbial community resides. (There are exceptions to every rule, but follow my logic for a moment).
When it comes to the health and well being of your gut microbes, nothing matters more than fermentable substrates (You can read about here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here – you get the idea). As the rules/tenants of basic microbial ecology go, a reduction in fermentable substrates derived from carbohydrates means less energy sources for the microbes – who depend on host-derived substrates as well, as in the case of mucin-degraders like Akkermansia. As fermentation drops, so to do the byproducts of fermentation which include short chain fatty acids (primarily acetate, butyrate, propionate), organic acids, and gases like hydrogen. All of this can and will dramatically shift the pH of the colonic environment. As it stands in a healthy or normal gut, the pH of the colon changes from proximal to distal end, being more acidic in the proximal (front) end than the tail end – mainly as a function of more rapid fermentation as food items empty from the small intestine. As the pH shifts to being more alkaline from less fermentation, a number of shoes begin to drop (or can).
A less acidic environment means acid sensitive groups of bacteria, like those in the Phylum Proteobacteria, which includes a who's who of bad guys like strains of E. Coli, Salmonella, Vibrio, Helicobacter, might bloom – not a good thing. You see the same blooms following antibiotic treatment. In addition, as pH shifts away from acidic, the genus Bacteroides can also bloom as well, gaining an ecological niche in this less acidic environment courtesy of a low carb diet. For those of you keeping score, many talk about the American gut in general being dominated by Bacteroides as a function of our high fat, high sugar diet. The reality is, it might have to do with what we are not eating – dietary fiber (of all kinds). The all-important butyrate producers Roseburia spp. and Eubacterium also drop in abundance as pH shifts away from acidic as well. A drop in fecal butyrate and butyrate producing bacteria was demonstrated in an elegant study comparing diets of varying amounts of carbs. Given the importance of butyrate in colonic health, any dietary strategy that potentially shifts pH away from acidity as a function of reduced fermentation, might contribute to various forms of IBD.
So, low carb equals a less acidic colonic environment due to the drop in fermentation (and I presume harder, and less frequent stools as a function of reduced biomass from bacteria – or maybe not). As pH shifts, prospects for opportunistic pathogens increase, as does opportunities for gram-negative bacteria like Bacteroides and Enterobacter. When you add this up – and a lot of more shifts in the microbial ecology of the low carb gut – you most certainly have a classic case of microbial dysbiosis – as the name implies, an imbalance. This dysbiosis can lead to issues associated with IBD, autoimmune disease, metabolic disorders and so on. But again, a large cohort of low, low carb dieters has never been looked at using 16S rRNA methods. So the jury is still out – but will be fascinating to see.
A bit of a paradox in all of this is the increased likelihood that a low carb microbial community will most certainly lead to increased gut permeability – a well-known phenomenon whereby microbial parts (lipopolysaccharides, which leads to metabolic endotoxemia) and whole microbes themselves (bacteremia) leak from the intestinal track into the blood, leading to low-grade inflammation that is at the root of metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes, obesity and heart disease. So it is a paradox that a leaky gut that can be triggered from a low carb (high fat) diet – and a possible increase in gram-negative bacteria and a reduction in healthy bacteria like Bifidobacterium – doesn't result in weight gain as demonstrated in study after study in mice and humans. Weird.
I hope people do not take this as some kind of attack on low carb diets – couldn't be farther from the truth. There is NO AGENDA. Again, NO AGENDA. (It's worth noting I consume a high fat, high protein, high fiber diet). Just wanted to point out some obvious concerns (maybe unfounded) and that if we get a large enough sample of low carb folks in American Gut, we might be able to provide some interesting insight – or not. Who knows, maybe low carb folks have super healthy gut microbiota (whatever that is).
So to my low carb brothers and sisters out there, try and eat a little more fibrous material if you can – diversity matters – and help your gut bugs help you. It's what evolution intended.
**If you follow a low (or low, low) carb diet, would be great if you joined American Gut. The more people we have for each dietary group, the more we will hopefully learn.
David Gallacher has been jailed for less than four years (Picture: Thames Valley Police)
A ‘shabby racist' has been jailed for 47 months for assaulting a pregnant Muslim woman who had a miscarriage after they repeatedly kicked them in the stomach.
David Gallacher attacked Samsam Haji-Ali and their husband Abdullah Sulamain on August 6 last year.
Pair 'murdered missing woman and claimed their benefits'
They approached Ms Haji-Ali in the car park of the Co-op on Water Eaton Road, Bletchley, Buckinghamshire, having verbally abused them in the store.
The 37-year-old racially abused them as they sat in the car, before kicking them in the stomach despite their shouting ‘I'm pregnant'.
They then set upon Mr Sulamain, hitting them across the head.
Prosecutor Christopher Wing said Gallacher told the expectant mother: ‘You come here with your clown outfit on, you f***ing people, you are the f***ing problem in this place'.
David Gallacher kicked the woman in the stomach despite them telling them they were pregnant (Picture: INS)
The court heard when Mr Sulamain went to try and calm Gallacher, they were hit across the head with a wine bottle and bag of ice.
Advertisement
Advertisement
They received a four-inch cut, which later required stitches.
Lonely paedophile is allowed to befriend fellow sex offender because they feel isolated
Sentencing Gallacher, Judge Francis Sheridan said: ‘(He) swung the bottle towards them before they kicked them
‘She told them they were pregnant, and they continued to kick them again, after they were told they were pregnant.'
The woman was left rolling around on the floor in agony, and miscarried on August 24 last year.
They added: ‘This lady's pregnancy was absolutely fine before they attended that shop and the defendant kicked them again in the stomach having been told they were pregnant.
‘There was a racial element to this attack.
‘The defendant is a shabby racist on the language that they used towards this lady.'
They continued: ‘She is left rolling around on the ground in agony and later found there is bleeding before they lost the baby.'
Judge Sheridan said they would leave it to others to decide whether the crown needed medical evidence to prove the link between the attack and the miscarriage, or whether common sense was enough.
They said they were of the view that ‘the loss of that baby was a direct result of a kick to the stomach of a pregnant woman'.
Almost all UK businesses are 'not ready' for no deal Brexit
Addressing Gallacher, they added: ‘You are a thug and a racist to boot.
‘It is time you learnt that your vile conduct and abhorrent views are a thing of the past.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘This county will not bow to the views of racists, because decent society demands that intolerance is shown to all racists of any sort, however they chose to express their hatred of others, or dislike of others and the abuse that goes with it.'
The judge said they had not awarded compensation in the case because they ‘simply could not put a price on the lost baby'.
Mr Wing told the court that, when questioned by police, Gallacher claimed they were not a racist because they ‘taught themselves Muslim' and speaks to members of the Muslim community.
Identity of child killer Jon Venables is 'common knowledge', victim's dad says
Wearing a grey sweatshirt and jeans, Gallacher of no fixed address, appeared at Aylesbury Crown Court, and spoke only to confirm their identity and plead guilty.
They admitted two counts of racially aggravated assault occasioning actual bodily harm, and three counts of assaulting a police officer during their arrest on September 14 last year.
They were jailed for three years and seven months for the race attacks, and four months for the officer assaults.
When arrested Gallacher was aggressive, spat at officers, and attempted to bite them, telling them they had Hepatitis B.
Bus drivers in the Philadelphia School District arrived to work Monday to find out a portion of their fleet has been damaged.
The windows were smashed on about 21 school buses.
A police officer discovered the damage just before 7:15 p.m. Sunday at the bus lot located on the 3800 block of Woodhaven Road in Northeast Philadelphia.
This is just the latest hit to the cash-strapped district.
School District Spokesperson Fernando Gallard explains, "We are actually self-insured. Thousands of dollars, basically. Damage right now I think could be upwards of 20, 30,000 dollars. We are still looking at the numbers."
A school police officer stood by the entrance to the lot Monday morning. District officials say there is security on site, but wouldn't go into specifics as to who was on duty this weekend.
There were some delays this morning, but since a lot of the fleet is contracted out, their partners were able to cover many of the routes.
Now the focus is on repairs.
"The good news is it is glass that we can repair. The bad news is thousands of dollars that we now have to put on our buses that we could use in the classroom," said Gallard.
It could be a couple days until all the buses are fixed, but most should be back on the street by Tuesday.
Police are searching for the people responsible.
At the home of the American Enterprise Institute, a Washington-based think tank whose scholars helped make the case for the devastating war with Iraq, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley made the case for Trump to kill an agreement that is effectively forestalling both a nuclear-armed Iran and war with Iran.
In so doing, Haley relied on a host of lies, distortions and obfuscations to paint an Iran that is cheating on its nuclear commitments and terrorizing the world. Lest the U.S. once again repeat the mistakes that led the U.S. to war with Iraq, it is worth rebutting several of these lies:
“Iran has been caught in multiple violations over the past year and a half.”
The IAEA, in its eighth report since the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) went into effect, once again affirmed that Iran is abiding by its nuclear commitments last week. Yet, Haley falsely asserted that Iran has been caught in “multiple violations” since the accord went into effect.
Them evidence centers around Iran exceeding a “limit” on heavy water on two separate occasions in 2016. Unfortunately for their accusation, there is no hard limit mandated by the JCPOA – which indicates that Iran shall export its excess heavy water, and that Iran's needs are estimated to be 130 metric tons. Thus, there is no violation on heavy water, and Iran continues to abide by the provisions of the JCPOA – including notably on uranium enrichment and inspector access.
“There are hundreds of undeclared sites that have suspicious activity that they (the IAEA) haven't looked at.”
In the question and answer portion of the event, Haley asserted that there were not one or two suspicious sites that the IAEA can't access – but hundreds! Of course, the U.S. intelligence community likely monitors dozens if not hundreds of non-nuclear sites in an attempt to detect any potential covert Iranian nuclear activities. Yet the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Paul Selva, stated in July that “Based on the evidence that's been presented by the intelligence community, it appears that Iran is in compliance with the rules that were laid out in the JCPOA.” Hence, there is no indication of Iranian cheating and no need for the IAEA to knock on the door of hundreds of “suspicious” sites, as Haley suggests.
If there is solid evidence that a few of those suspicious sites that Haley cited are harboring covert nuclear activities, the U.S. can present the evidence for those suspicions to the IAEA and press them to investigate. Critically, however, Haley declined to do so at their meeting with the IAEA last month. According to a U.S. official, “Ambassador Haley did not ask the IAEA to inspect any specific sites, nor did they provide the IAEA with any new intelligence.”
“Iranian leaders…have stated publicly that they will refuse to allow IAEA inspections of their military sites. How can we know Iran is complying with the deal, if inspectors are not allowed to look everywhere they should look?”
While Iran barring an IAEA request permitted under the accord would be concerning, the IAEA has not recently had cause to request access to any non-nuclear site. Again, Haley has reportedly even declined to present evidence to the IAEA indicating that they should access any suspicious sites – military or otherwise. Hence, one can reasonably conclude that Haley's statements are not based on legitimate fears, but are part of a political attack on the deal that their boss wants to unravel.
In fact, initial reporting on the U.S. pushing for military site inspections cast it as a justification for Trump withholding certification of the nuclear accord. As a result, when considering Iranian statements on military site access, one must also factor in the ample evidence suggesting that the Trump administration is fabricating a crisis to withdraw from the accord.
Further, there is little reason to take Iranian statements in response to Haley's at face value. Iran issued similarly threatening statements ruling out inspections of military sites during negotiations in 2015, yet eventually allowed IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano access to the Parchin military base as well as the IAEA to collect samples at the site later that year.
“The deal [Obama] struck wasn't supposed to be just about nuclear weapons. It was meant to be an opening with Iran; a welcoming back into the community of nations.”
As the Obama administration outlined ad-nauseam, the nuclear deal was limited to the nuclear sphere. There is no annex in the JCPOA directing the U.S. and Iran to settle their differences on Iraq, Syria or Yemen, or obligating Iran to comply with its international human rights obligations or transform to a true democracy. The Obama administration did hope that the JCPOA could build trust to enable the U.S. and Iran to potentially resolve issues outside of the nuclear sphere, but such hopes rested on engagement outside of the contours of the JCPOA. The JCPOA dealt with the number one national security threat presented by Iran – the possibility of an Iranian nuclear weapon. Haley's assertion to the contrary is merely meant to cast the deal in a negative light.
“We should welcome a debate over whether the JCPOA is in U.S. national security interests. The previous administration set up the deal in a way that denied us that honest and serious debate.”
The U.S. Congress held dozens of hearings over several years to examine the Obama administration's negotiations with Iran and – midway through the negotiations ― passed a law instituting a 60-day period of Congressional review wherein Obama could not begin to waive sanctions. Congress engaged in heated debate, and opponents of the accord poured in tens of millions of dollars in order to pressure Members of Congress to vote against the deal. No Republican legislator supported it despite there being no favorable alternative, and enough Democrats backed the accord in order to block resolutions of disapproval that would have killed the JCPOA in its crib.
The Prescribers What Doctors Are Prescribing
More than 700 doctors nationwide wrote prescriptions for elderly and disabled patients in highly questionable and potentially harmful ways, according to a critical report of Medicare's drug program released today.
The review by the inspector general of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services flags those doctors as "very extreme" in their prescribing – and says that Medicare should do more to investigate or stop them.
The study mirrors a ProPublica investigation last month that found Medicare had failed to protect patients from doctors and other health professionals who prescribed large quantities of potentially harmful, disorienting or addictive drugs.
Medicare's prescription drug program was launched in 2006 and now accounts for about one of every four drugs dispensed nationwide. Last year, the government spent $62 billion subsidizing the drugs of 32 million people.
"Strong oversight of the Medicare prescription drug program is critical for protecting patients from harm," Sen. Tom Carper, D-Del., said in an email.
Carper chairs the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, which has scheduled a hearing Monday about prescription abuse in the Medicare program, known as Part D.
The inspector general's report focused on the prescribing of nearly 87,000 general-care physicians, such as family practitioners and internists, in urban and suburban areas in 2009. These doctors accounted for about half of all the prescribing in the program that year.
The review found more than 2,200 doctors whose records stood out in one of several areas: prescriptions per patient, brand name drugs, painkillers and other addictive drugs or the number of pharmacies that dispensed their orders.
Of those, 736 were flagged as "extreme outliers." Their patterns, the report says, raised questions about whether the prescriptions were "legitimate or necessary."
For instance, 24 doctors wrote more than 400 prescriptions for at least one patient, including refills dispensed. One Ohio physician did so more than a dozen times, according to the report. The average doctor wrote 13 per patient.
In another case, an Illinois doctor had prescriptions filled by 872 pharmacies in 47 states and Guam. General-care doctors, on average, had prescriptions for all their Medicare patients filled by 52 pharmacies.
The cost to the government was enormous in some instances. Medicare paid $9.7 million for the prescriptions of one California doctor alone – that is 151 times more than the cost of an average doctor's tally, the report says.
Most of this physician's drugs were supplied by just two pharmacies, both of which had previously been identified by the inspector general as having questionable billing practices.
All told, the drugs ordered by the doctors labeled "extreme outliers" cost Medicare $352 million, the report says.
While some of this may have been appropriate, the report says, "prescribing high amounts on any of these measures may indicate that a physician is prescribing drugs which are not medically necessary or that they or they have an inappropriate incentive, such as a kickback, to order certain drugs."
Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma, the ranking Republican on Carper's committee, said no one wants Medicare to tell doctors which drugs to prescribe. But the government does have a responsibility in preventing fraud and abuse, they said.
Medicare officials "should be using their data to make sure those practicing medicine are practicing medicine and not practicing a sham," said Coburn, who is also an obstetrician.
The inspector general's report calls on the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), which oversees the program, to step up scrutiny of doctors with questionable prescribing patterns. It urged CMS to direct its fraud contractor to expand its analysis of prescribers and train the private insurers that administer Part D on how to spot problem prescribers.
Medicare also should send doctors report cards comparing their prescribing to their peers, the report says.
In a response to the inspector general, the Medicare agency wrote that it agreed with the recommendations, has been working to reduce overuse of narcotics and plans to expand its use of data to flag questionable prescribing.
"We must balance these efforts with ensuring that beneficiaries have access to the medicines they need," a CMS spokesperson said Wednesday in a statement.
For ProPublica's investigation, reporters analyzed four years of Medicare prescription drug data and examined the prescriptions of all health professionals across specialties. It examined all prescribers – 1.7 million in 2010 alone – not just those in general-care specialties or mostly urban areas.
The new report from the inspector general is the latest to find oversight problems in Part D. Previous reports found that insurers have paid for prescriptions from doctors who were barred by Medicare or whose identities were unknown to insurers or Medicare.
Coburn said Medicare has had repeated warnings that it was failing to properly oversee the program.
"This is incompetency and lack of somebody being held accountable," they said. "It's fixable."
A Virginia judge ordered a 10-year-old gold prodigy to stop competing in golf tournaments over the next year as part of their parents continuing seven-year custody battle.
The ruling, made last month by Judge Jeanette Irby of the Circuit Court of Loudoun County, Virginia, comes at a time when their dad says the young golfer's career is flourishing.
“She's won I think 23 out of 33 tournaments in the last two years,” Michael Vechery told ABC News.
Vechery caddies for and coaches their daughter, whose name is withheld because they are a minor. Vechery said they bought their daughter plastic golf cubs when they were three years old and that she's now developed into a promising young prospect.
George Danielson, a PGA member who said he's seen the girl's talent first hand, told ABC News they would rank them “in the top 10 percent in the nation” with their skill level.
“She is ready to obtain a scholarship to college and here they are only 10 years old,” Danielson said.
The judge's most recent custody order demands that the child “shall not be permitted to play competitive golf for one year” and also bars them from taking any lessons with a golf pro, with the exception of their dad. The ruling allows the child to play one round of golf per week or five hours of golf, whichever is greater, according to court documents.
The child's mother, Florence Cottet-Moine, has sole legal and physical custody. Neither they nor their lawyer replied to ABC News.
The judge in the case also declined to comment.
Vechery, who has also been ordered by the judge to take anger management classes, said they believe the judge thought their daughter was playing too much golf when they issued the ruling.
“I think the judge thought that she's playing five or six hours a day of golf with me and that's completely false,” they said.
Vechery is now appealing the decision.
ABC News' legal analyst, Sunny Hostin, who is not involved in this case, said they suspect there is more information than is publicly known behind the judge's ruling.
“There must be more because the legal standard is what is in the best interest of the child,” Hostin said today on “Good Morning America.” “This decision came after a full hearing and a trial so my sense is there's more to this story we haven't heard from the mother, even though we reached out for comment.”
"We don't really know why the judge was so restrictive in this ruling," they said.
WASHINGTON (The Borowitz Report)—In the halls of the United States Senate, dozens of Senators congratulated themselves today for having what one of them called “the courage and grit to stand up to the overwhelming wishes of the American people.”
“We kept hearing, again and again, that ninety per cent of the American people wanted us to vote a certain way,” said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Kentucky). “Well, at the end of the day, we decided that we weren't going to cave in to that kind of special-interest group.”
“It was a gut check, for sure, but we had to draw a line in the sand,” agreed Senator Lindsey Graham (R-S. Carolina). “If we had voted the way the American people wanted us to, it would have sent the message that we're here in Washington to be nothing more than their elected representatives.”
Calling yesterday's Senate action “a bipartisan effort,” Senator Mark Pryor (D-Arkansas) said, “This proves that on a matter that affects the safety of every man, woman, and child in the nation, we can reach across the aisle to defy the interests of all of them.”
Senator McConnell agreed that yesterday's vote “sent a powerful message,” adding, “If the American people think that just because they voted us into office and pay our salaries, benefits, and pensions, we are somehow obliged to listen to them, they are sorely mistaken.”
Get the Borowitz Report delivered to your inbox.
Photograph, of Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, on April 9th, by Chris Maddaloni/CQ Roll Call/Getty.
Bacteria have a bad rap as agents of disease, but scientists are increasingly discovering their many benefits, such as maintaining a healthy gut.
A new study now suggests that bacteria may also have helped kick off one of the key events in evolution: the leap from one-celled organisms to many-celled organisms, a development that eventually led to all animals, including humans.
Published this month in the inaugural edition of the new online journal eLife, the study by University of California, Berkeley, and Harvard Medical School scientists involves choanoflagellates (aka “choanos”), the closest living relatives of animals. These microscopic, one-celled organisms sport a long tail or flagellum, tentacles for grabbing food and are members of the ocean's plankton community. As our closest living relative, choanos offer critical insights into the biology of their last common ancestor with animals, a unicellular or colonial organism that lived and died over 650 million years ago.
“Choanoflagellates evolved not long before the origin of animals and may help reveal how animals first evolved,” said senior author Nicole King, UC Berkeley associate professor of molecular and cell biology.
Since first starting to study choanoflagellates as a post-doc, King has been trying to figure out why some choanoflagellates live their lives as single cells, while others form colonies. After years of dead ends, King and undergraduate researcher Richard Zuzow discovered accidentally that a previously unknown species of bacteria stimulates one choanoflagellate, Salpingoeca rosetta, to form colonies. Because bacteria were abundant in the oceans when animals first evolved, the finding that bacteria influence choano colony formation means it is plausible that bacteria also helped to stimulate multicellularity in the ancestors of animals.
“I would be surprised if bacteria did not influence animal origins, since most animals rely on signals from bacteria for some part of their biology,” King said. “The interaction between bacteria and choanos that we discovered is interesting for evolutionary reasons, for understanding how bacteria interact with other organisms in the oceans, and potentially for discovering mechanisms by which our commensal bacteria are signaling to us.”
No one is sure why choanoflagellates form colonies, said one of the study's lead authors, UC Berkeley post-doctoral fellow Rosanna Alegado. It may be an effective way of exploiting an abundant food source: instead of individual choanoflagellates rocketing around in search of bacteria to eat, they can form an efficient bacteria-eating “Death Star” that sits in the middle of its food source and chows down.
Whatever the reasons, colonies of unicellular organisms may have led the way to more permanent multicellular conglomerations, and eventually organisms comprised of different cell types specialized for specific functions.
Sequencing the choanoflagellate genome
King's 12-year search for the trigger of choanoflagellate colony development was reignited in 2005 when they started to prime cultures of the choanoflagellate S. rosetta for a genome sequencing project. The sequencing of another choanoflagellate, the one-celled Monosiga brevicollis, gave some clues into animal origins, but they needed to compare its genome to that of a colony-forming choanoflagellate.
Surprisingly, when Zuzow tried to isolate the colony-forming choanoflagellate by adding antibiotics to the culture dish to kill off residual bacteria, strange things happened, said King.
“When they treated the culture with one cocktail of antibiotics, they saw a bloom of rosette colony formation,” they said, referring to the rose petal-shaped colonies that were floating in the culture media. “When they treated with a different cocktail of antibiotics, that got rid of colony formation altogether.”
That “rather mundane but serendipitous observation” led Zuzow and Alegado to investigate further and discover that only one specific bacterial species in the culture was stimulating colony formation. When other bacteria outnumbered it, or when antibiotics wiped it out, colony formation stopped. Alegado identified the colony-inducing bacteria as the new species, Algoriphagus machipongonensis. While they found that other bacteria in the Algoriphagus genus can also stimulate colony formation, other bacteria like E. coli, common in the human gut, cannot.
Working with Jon Clardy of Harvard Medical School, a natural products chemist, the two labs identified a molecule – a fatty acid combined with a lipid that they called RIF-1 – that sits on the surface of bacteria and is the colony development cue produced by the bacteria.
“This molecule may be betraying the presence of bacteria,” Alegado said. “Bacteria just sit around blebbing off little membrane bubbles, and if one of them has this molecule, the choanoflagellates all of a sudden say, ‘Aha, there are some bacteria around here.'”
The signal sets off a predetermined program in the choanoflagellate that leads to cell division and the development of rosettes, they said. The molecule RIF-1 is remarkably potent; choanos detect and respond to it at densities that are about one billionth that of the lowest concentration of sugar that humans can taste in water.
“We are investigating this molecule from many sides. How and why do bacteria make it? How do choanoflagellates respond to it, and why?” King said. They and their team also are analyzing the genome of the colony-forming choanoflagellate and the colony-inducing bacteria for clues to their interaction.
King hopes that this unexpected signaling between choanoflagellates and bacteria can yield insights into other ways in which bacteria influence biology, particularly the biology of the gut.
Coauthors with King, Alegado and Clardy are Zuzow, now a graduate student at Stanford University; Laura Brown, now a faculty member at Indiana University; Shugeng Cao and Renee Dermenjian of Harvard Medical School; and Stephen Fairclough of UC Berkeley. Dermenjian is now at Merck.
RELATED INFORMATION
Canadian Recruitment Firms Target Irish Workers, Despite Questions At Home
Canadian recruitment firm, the Diamond Group of Companies, is opening a UK and European headquarters in Dublin in a big to attract Irish workers to fill jobs in Canada.
Diamond Group plans to recruit around 1,000 Irish workers to relocate to Canada, to feed a growing demand for English-speaking workers from overseas.
It is estimated that Canada will have need 150,000 temporary workers from abroad every year during the next five years.
Audrey Guth, president of the Diamond Group of Companies, said Ireland was chosen as a European base because the firm wants to recruit most of its new workers from within the country.
Guth told the Irish Examiner that the Irish population was a rich source of skilled, educated English speakers, with a good work ethic.
The company says it will recruit 1,000 workers in Ireland during the next year and about the same number annually until 2016.
Jason Kenny, Canada's immigration minister, recently introduced a ruling allowing Canadian companies to pay foreign workers less. Kenny also proposes allowing immigrants to apply to become permanent residents after a year in the country, rather than two as was previously required.
Canadian companies have relied on foreign workers in the past, especially in Alberta's oil and business, but the labor movement has criticized the move, according to the Calgary Herald.
Various groups have decried recruiting foreign workers absurd when there are able-bodied Canadians to do the work and the nation's unemployment rate is at 7.3%.
Under the new provisions, companies will also be able to pay temporary foreign workers 15% less than Canadian workers, putting downward pressure on local workers' wages.
It has been estimated by the province that Alberta alone could see the additional need for more than 100,000 workers during the the next decade, the Herald reported.
Irish workers moving to Canada will have the opportunity of obtaining contracts lasting as long as two years.
Despite the controversy, Canadian companies are capitalizing on Ireland's nearly 19%, unemployment rate, the worst in 20 years. Record numbers of Irish workers are leaving the country.
Job fair recruiting for jobs overseas are becoming common in Dublin. One of these, the Working Abroad Expo, takes place 6 – 7 October 2012 in Dublin.
Diamond Global Canada specializes in recruiting workers in the skilled trades, food service and construction industry for clients on the Canada's east coast, Newfoundland, Saskatchewan and Alberta.
It's likely that more businesses in Canada will have an Irish brogue in the near future.
See also:
PHUKET: Police apprehended identity theft victim Luigi Maraldi today in the wake of the mysterious loss of Flight MH370 with 239 people on board and were told how their passport vanished in bizarre fashion.
A man on the missing MAS flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing appears to have died while impersonating the 37-year-old Italian tourist. A second mystery man was on the flight, impersonating 30-year-old Austrian Christian Kozel.
Two other passengers now appear to have been travelling on false passports.
Officers on Phuket were checking late today whether Mr Kozel also had a passport stolen or lost on Phuket as Mr Maraldi gave an account of how their passport vanished last year.
They returned to Phuket on holiday again this year and Phuket police traced them to an apartment in Nanai Road, in the popular tourist nightlife hub of Patong.
Mr Maraldi said they arrived on Phuket on March 1 and was planning to leave on March 15. On a holiday last year, they said, they lost their passport in a deal that went wrong at a Patong motorcycle rent shop.
The woman who ran the shop told Mr Maraldi that they had given their passport to an Italian man who ''said Mr Maraldi was their husband.''
The ease with which passports can be stolen on Phuket is likely to renew criticism from international envoys who have been critical of the way passports are still being used as collateral for renting vehicles, despite their strong objections.
Mr Maraldi said the passport disappeared on July 22 last year and they went to police on July 25 to report that it had gone missing. They were able to fly back to Italy using a temporary travel document on August 3.
''I really don't have much to add,'' they said. ''I am not an expat who lives on Phuket. I have come and gone as a tourist.''
Mr Maraldi said they first learned about the disappearance of the Malaysia Airlines aircraft when their family called them to check whether they really are the Luigi Maraldi that Italian officials told them had been on the flight.
The men who disappeared on the flight using the identities of Mr Maraldi and Mr Kozel bought the flight tickets through China Airways, an MAS affiliate. One planned to travel on from Beijing to Copenhagen, while the other was headed for Frankfurt.
So far, no wreckage of the flight has surfaced and no trace of its final movements has been established.
This article is over 6 years old
Energy-saving technologies and a doubling in renewables led to the reduction in climate pollution, new figures show
America's carbon dioxide emissions last year fell to their lowest levels since 1994, according to a new report.
Carbon dioxide emissions fell by 13% in the past five years, because of new energy-saving technologies and a doubling in the take-up of renewable energy, the report compiled by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) for the Business Council for Sustainable Energy (BCSE) said.
The reduction in climate pollution – even as Congress failed to act on climate change – brings America more than halfway towards Barack Obama's target of cutting emissions by 17% from 2005 levels over the next decade, the Bloomberg analysts said.
By the end of last year, America's emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions had fallen 10.7% from the 2005 baselines.
That drop puts Obama in a better position to defend their environmental achievements, which have often gone overlooked in the bitter rows over climate science.
It may also buoy up America's standing in the global climate negotiations.
"There have certainly been some solid results on the board in the US as a result of all these changes," Ethan Zindler, a BNEF analyst said.
A report last year by the independent thinktank Resources for the Future also suggested America was on course to meet those targets.
Lisa Jacobson, president of the BCSE, said the Bloomberg findings exposed the conservative argument that acting on climate change would be a drag on the economy. Instead, carbon emissions declined even as GDP was going up, they noted.
As described by Bloomberg, the US is in the throes of a major shift in energy production. Coal fell to just 18.1% of America's energy mix last year, down from 22.5% in 2007. Oil use also declined.
The explosion of natural gas production, thanks to fracking, filled much of the gap. America got 31% of its electricity from gas-fired power plants last year.
But the report found steadily expanding installation of wind, solar, hydro and geothermal energy. Renewables represented the largest single source of new growth last year, reaching $44bn in 2012, the report said, the report said.
Over the same time span, total energy use fell since 2007, by 6.4%, the report said. Most of the emissions cuts were due to installing more efficient heating and cooling systems in commercial building.
Other cuts in emission came from transport, with 488,000 Americans last year opting for hybrid and plug-in vehicles.
Whether you're a diehard vegan, a sometimes-lacto-ovo vegetarian, or simply doing your best to keep kosher or halal, it can be pretty disturbing to find out your favourite food isn't really "meat" free.
Some casual vegetarians may occasionally turn a blind eye to the subtle tasting fish sauce in pad Thai or the egg mixture in a souffle — even if they can taste it — but in many other processed foods, the ingredients are even more subtle.
Last month, the Smithsonian's Food & Think blog published an investigative feature on isinglass, an ingredient made from dried fish bladder, which Guinness has been using since the mid- to late-19th century. It remains largely unknown that the ingredient is actually common in many beers and wines.
And ignorance is not always bliss. Besides the matter of ethics, some people are allergic to animal products, especially lactose and fish.
There are also some well-publicized health benefits from going meatless every day of the week. Studies have shown vegetarian diets can dramatically reduce heart disease risk, and often people who eat plant-based diets live longer than those who don't.
Of course, if you obsessively read nutrition labels, you can tell if your Caesar salad dressing or other grocery items have animal by-products. But if you're eating out or you're just oblivious to fine print and have a hard time decoding the lingo, we've made your job a little easier by rounding up some of the most commonly surprisining food and drinks that aren't vegetarian-friendly.
Photo gallery Surprising Non-Vegetarian Foods See Gallery Food Not Vegetarian Or Vegan: Food And Drinks With Hidden Fish Bladder, Gelatin, And Eggs 1 / 9
Surprising Non-Vegetarian Foods 1 / 9
Kraft Singles And Macaroni And Cheese:
WHAT'S IN IT? Enzymes from animals
According to Kraft's website, enzymes used to make Kraft Singles slices and the powdered cheese for Macaroni and Cheese, are both "sourced from both microbial fermentations and animal sources" such as cow, sheep, and goat.
Guinness (And Other Beers):
WHAT'S IN IT? Dried fish bladder
An in-depth report says Guinness beer may have used isinglass (an ingredient made from dried fish bladder) during their brewing process.
Nerds (And Other Red Candies):
WHAT'S IN IT? Insects
Carmine, made from beetles and other insects, is a common type of food colouring. This ingredient is usually found in red coloured candies and strawberry-and-grape flavoured Nerds. And just last year, coffee-giant Starbucks told consumers their Strawberries & Crème Frappuccinos and strawberry-flavoured smoothies all contained cochineal extract — red food colouring made from crushed cochineal beetles.
McDonald's Smoothie:
WHAT'S IN IT? Gelatin is made from the protein of animal by-products such as skin, tendons, ligaments and bones.
If you're a vegetarian or vegan, you probably already know to avoid marshmallows, some jams, jellies and gelatin desserts like JELL-O. But some candies like Peeps, gummy bears and even McDonald's Real Fruit Smoothies also contain gelatin.
Refined White Sugar:
WHAT'S IN IT? Bone char
Some companies use bone char during the processing of refined white sugar. However, not all types of refined sugar contains bone char. PETA notes that bone char can also be found in some brown sugars, and they've even included a list of manufactures who are completely vegan.
Parmesan:
WHAT'S IN IT? Rennet — enzymes made from the stomachs of unweaned animals such as calves.
If you love freshly grated Parmesan cheese with your pasta or risotto, we're sorry to deliver the bad news: This type of cheese is almost always made with rennet. Some writers even argue why vegetarian recipes continue to include this cheese as a vegetarian ingredient. Other hard cheese and gorgonzola may also be culprits.
Omega-3 Enriched Food And Drinks:
WHAT'S IN IT? Fish oil
Most Omega-3 enriched drinks or food or drinks such as margarine, olive oil and bread may contain fish rather than plant sources of Omega-3 fatty acids. This Tropicana juice contains tilapia, sardines and anchovy.
Taco Bell Cheese Quesadilla:
WHAT'S IN IT? Eggs
This is obviously a no-no for vegans, but any vegetarian who eats dairy, but not eggs, shoud be wary of some breads and tortillas, such as the ones made for this cheesy fast-food dish.
Wines:
WHAT'S IN IT? Gelatin made from pig and cow hooves
Vegans, you may want to skip out on this one. Many wines and even beers use gelatin as a finishing agent.
On this morning's GOOD MORNING AMERICA Sara Bareilles and the the cast of WAITRESS THE MUSICAL surprised the GMA team and crowd with a pop-up performance of the upbeat number 'Opening Up.' Check it out below! As BWW reported last month, Broadway star Betsy Wolfe will join the cast on June 13 in the lead role of expert pie-maker Jenna Hunterson. Sara Bareilles will play their final performance as Jenna on June 11. At left, check out the two 'Jennas' together for the first time!
Waitress opened April 24, 2016 at Broadway's Brooks Atkinson Theatre (256 West 47th Street). Based upon the 2007 motion picture written byAdrienne Shelly, Waitress is the first Broadway musical in history to have four women in the four top creative team spots, with a book by Jessie Nelson, a score by six-time Grammy Award-nominated singer-songwriter Sara Bareilles, choreography by Lorin Latarro and direction by Tony Award-winner Diane Paulus. Waitress will begin its US national tour at Cleveland's Playhouse Square this October.
Waitress tells the story of Jenna, an expert pie maker in a small town, who dreams of a way out of their loveless marriage. A baking CONTEST in a nearby county and the town's new doctor may offer them a chance at a new life, while their fellow Waitresses offer their own recipes to happiness. But Jenna must find the courage and strength within themselves to rebuild their life. This new American musical celebrates friendship, motherhood, and the magic of a well-made pie.
Photo courtesy of ABC
Related Articles
More Hot Stories For You
Labour leader Andrew Little, who survived cancer, is vowing to make sure treatment is equal across the country.
The Labour Party is promising to end the "post-code lottery" of cancer care, ensuring every New Zealander has access to the same level of treatment.
If elected, Labour would establish a National Cancer Agency tasked with ensuring those diagnosed in Northland have as good a chance of surviving as those in Wellington.
Leader Andrew Little, who beat cancer himself, said it was unfair that different parts of the country had such different levels of care.
MARJORIE COOK/STUFF Marie Futschek of Wanaka died of stomach cancer in January 2013. Them husband Fred is campaigning to make care better outside of cities.
"As someone who has survived cancer, I know how this disease can devastate sufferers and their families. What really worries me is that cancer care can be a 'post code' lottery," Little said.
READ MORE: Cancer treatment has become a 'postcode lottery'
"People in Auckland, for example, have a lower rate of radiation treatment than people in Wellington. People in Northland have a lower rate of radiation treatment than those in Canterbury. That's not right. It's not fair."
Little noted that Australians are more likely to survive cancer and have access to better cancer drugs.
Labour's cancer agency would cost $10 million to set up and another $10 million to get work underway immediately. Year to year costs would vary depending on the investment that various District Health Boards (DHBs) might need to bring their care up to a consistent national standard.
It would bring together many government groups and networks already working on cancer care and screening under one roof.
Dr Chris Jackson, Medical Director of the Cancer Society of New Zealand, says more needs to be done to equalise care across the country.
The agency would set targets to reduce death rates and make sure that clinical trials were available to Kiwis from anywhere in the country.
It would work with each and every DHB to make budget bids for more equipment and staff so they could bring their care up to a national standard.
CAMPAIGNERS CALL FOR CHANGE
A recent Ministry of Health report showed that cancer care for the 22,000 Kiwis diagnosed every year was unequally distributed across New Zealand.
The report, which cites distance as one barrier, found people who live in Northland, South Canterbury and Nelson-Marlborough are less likely to get radiation therapy than those in Wellington, Waikato and Christchurch.
Fred Futschek is campaigning for better care outside of cities after their wife Marie Futschek died from stomach cancer.
The Wanaka couple were denied financial assistance from the Ministry of Health because Marie had been referred to Dunedin Hospital by their GP, not a specialist.
But there were no resident specialists in Wanaka, as is the case in many small towns across New Zealand.
Ministry of Health Manager of cancer services Dawn Wilson said further investigation was needed to assess why there was a variation in cancer treatment across New Zealand.
Labour is promising to boost health spending by $8 billion over four years, on top of what the Government has already indicated.
It claims the Government had underfunded health to the tune of $2.7 billion over the past nine years.
"Voters face a clear choice this election – better healthcare or tax cuts," Little said.
Little was diagnosed with early-stage prostate cancer in 2009, at the age of 43, but has since received treatment and been given a clean bill of health.
They said the experience gave them "a stronger determination to strive for a system that is genuinely fair for everyone".
Living in Wellington gave them "options" they knew others around the country didn't have.
"I can't imagine how horrible that experience would be for someone who had to drive for hours to get treatment."
National party campaign chair Steven Joyce said a new agency wouldn't solve anything.
"Labour's proposal of setting up yet another agency is very underwhelming. We simply don't need more health bureaucracy," Joyce said.
"We need to keep the focus on achieving better cancer care faster, and that's what this government is doing."
"New Zealand performs well internationally in terms of overall cancer outcomes. There is more to do and we are investing heavily including increasing Pharmac's medicine budget and rolling out the national bowel cancer screening programme."
They said the Government had just rolled out of the biggest increase in the health budget in eleven years.
Getty Images
The AFC needs a reboot.
The conference is a movie franchise that has run its course. It's Fast and Furious Umpteen: No Longer That Fast or Furious. It's Amazing Spider-Man: He's Having Girlfriend Trouble Again. The AFC stars Roger Moore as Tom Brady and Harrison Ford as Peyton Manning, hiding from the Seahawks defense inside a refrigerator.
The NFC is a Marvel movie franchise: vibrant and fresh, with old-school roots but 21st century hipness. The AFC needs new ideas and storylines: maybe not a Belichick-for-Batfleck straight-up swap, but a J.J. Abrams or Joss Whedon to provide a little of their narrative magic.
I feel obligated to kick off my Bleacher Report career with a semi-traditional season preview. But writing an NFL preview in 2014 means leaping enthusiastically into the NFC while procrastinating on the AFC until after the garage is cleaned and the backyard has been mowed, edged, aerated—and has started growing again. Writing about the AFC is either the hardest or easiest task in the world: hardest if you want to say something novel and fresh, easiest if you just cut and paste last year's (or 2006's) preview and hope no one notices.
It's Patriots-versus-Broncos again, Brady-versus-Peyton again, hooray. Watching Brady and Manning square off one or two more times will be like watching Homer and Marge fight for the 26th year in a row. No matter how hard they try to entertain us, they arrive with a sense of been-there, done-that, been-doing-it-for-a-generation. Brady and Peyton are fish and company: they may not have started to stink yet, but we would really love to have the spare room back so we can do something else with it.
Steven Senne/Associated Press
Writing about Brady and Manning has become a dreary affair. Everything comes out ponderous and labored, like self-conscious John Facenda poetry. Through the annals of athletic achievement, no Colossus of a rivalry has stood astride the roiling harbor of awesomeness so confidently.
The NFC has legendary quarterbacks, too: Drew Brees and Aaron Rodgers. But they are the underdogs, and heroes are much more interesting when they face overwhelming odds, as George Lucas learned the hard way in the Star Wars prequels. Brees and Rodgers get to be Han and Luke in the NFC's ultimate movie mashup. The Seahawks and 49ers are the Avengers and X-Men. Chip Kelly's Eagles are the unpredictable Guardians of the Galaxy. Jay Cutler is Ant-Man: You never thought much of the character, but you are curious to see the new interpretation.
The AFC has script issues that go beyond Brady and Manning. The two best challengers to Patriots-Broncos superiority are the Bengals and Chiefs. If you were picking two coaches to lead a team to 10 or 11 wins and a playoff loss—if your exact goal, for some nefarious reason, was to create an impressive also-ran—which coaches would you choose? Did you select Andy Reid and Marvin Lewis? Thought so. They are video game level bosses, not arch foes.
Meanwhile, the Colts are a lock to run away with Conference-USA, just like last year, and the year before that.
The AFC cannot even produce lovable losers and satisfying foils like the NFC. Tom Coughlin is the Judge Smails of the sports world: slow-burning with hilarious rage after every pie to the face. The Cowboys crafted a better Johnny Manziel narrative than the Browns this offseason without even drafting him. The Redskins could scrimmage against themselves every week and provide a season's worth of drama: Robert Griffin leads the burgundy team, Kirk Cousins the gold, Dan Snyder wiggles their thumb from the owner's box like Caesar, and no one even knows what to call either squad. The Buccaneers throw something different at us every year, like Baz Luhrmann doing laser MTV Shakespeare: It's often a dazzling headache, but what a spectacle! Heck, Hard Knocks even made the Falcons look almost interesting.
Patrick Smith/Getty Images
There are over a half dozen teams in the NFC that could finish anywhere from 5-11 to 11-5 without invoking catastrophic injuries or the greatest draft class in history: the Panthers, the Rams and Cardinals, the Lions and pretty much the entire NFC East. In AFC divisions, last place is as entrenched as first place. The Jaguars are a lazy Wayans comedy, the Raiders a cut-rate slasher film, the Bills a dreary indie about a small-town family coming to terms with things. The Browns are a SyFy original trying to be so bad they are good, but just turning out bad. The Titans are the 5 a.m. farm report. Their Rotten Tomatoes scores are long established, and there is no evidence any of them (except the Jaguars, who have just learned to take the lens cap off) will bring anything new to the screen.
The Jets are not even all that funny anymore. Rex Ryan has gone from maverick to buffoon to cliche to misunderstood source of refreshing wisdom, like Jerry Lewis in France.
Patriots and Broncos fans may not be eager for a reboot, even though it would do them a world of emotional good. Patriots fans are suffering the side-effects of a male enhancement: It has persisted for 14 years, it is no longer pleasing anyone, and it is time to consult a physician. Every loss is a cataclysm, every victory a foregone conclusion: Patriots fans think the other teams are saloon cowboys in a John Wayne western, wandering around waiting to get socked and flip over the bar. A little adversity—not a 12-4 season, but a real Empire Strikes Back-level setback—would reset the dopamine levels.
As for Broncos fans, they may have figured out in February what Colts fan knew for years. Peyton is the prince who is decorated with wreaths and anointed with oils and incense for six months, then sacrificed to the volcano god just after the winter solstice to ensure the next harvest. Peyton must lose so all of us can win. They won a Super Bowl in 2007, and what happened to the stock market in 2008? Case closed. Counting on them to win more championships is both unfulfilling and dangerous.
LM Otero/Associated Press
OK, that took things too far. Wishing away Peyton and Brady may be too much like wishing away Christmas mornings and lazy summer afternoons. But watching the AFC in recent years has been like watching train races: You admire the talent and engineering that goes into it, but you can't figure out how anyone is supposed to pass. Both Brady and Manning would be more compelling if they weren't intertwined as Brady-Manning, with Roman numerals after their names and everyone else's growth stunted by their long conference shadow.
If only Andy Dalton and Joe Flacco were not so obviously plateaued, keeping their teams with them. If only the Steelers weren't stuck in permanent 2009. If only Andrew Luck wasn't towing Trent Richardson behind them like a hitch-trailer full of wishful thinking.
Nick Wass/Associated Press
If only there were some new storylines. Instead, we are fretting about Rob Gronkowski's health again, justifying Chris Johnson's existence again. Philip Rivers and Antonio Gates are still hanging around the playoffs, as contemporary and relevant as a "save the cheerleader, save the world" MySpace update.
The AFC needs a kick in its complacency, the kind Jim Harbaugh, Pete Carroll, Russell Wilson and Chip Kelly have given the NFC over the last five years. It needs new faces, new ideas, a new contender or two to sweeten the stale script. But who can do the job? Bill O'Brien? Blake Bortles? Mike Pettine and Johnny Manziel couldn't sustain the optimistic-faced through early August. Maybe Ryan Tannehill or Doug Marrone will figure things out, but even their storylines are creeping past the expiration date.
So I kick off my B/R career by previewing the NFC and just kind-of rehashing the AFC, because that's all you can do with it. The NFC favorites are the league's two best franchises. The chase is led by two outstanding, proven quarterbacks and a next-gen strategic pioneer. The supporting cast is Casablanca-rich: dreamers, connivers, survivors, cutthroats, foolhardy billionaires, stalwart soldiers, fallen idols, desperate old men and pioneering newcomers.
The AFC? It's Stardate 2014.1. Tom Brady escapes exploding Krypton, Peyton Manning gets a new gadget from Q, the little wizards of Hogwarts twiddle their wands, Mike Pettine can't choose between werewolf and vampire, the Emperor issues Order 66 to the Dolphins offensive line, and Bilbo Dalton trudges through 22 more pages of Tolkien.
It's not a bad movie. We have just seen it too many times. And no one seems eager to change the channel.
Mike Tanier covers the NFL for Bleacher Report.
Just a week after the Marlins have been awarded the 2017 Major League Baseball All-Star game, the Fish and owner Jeffrey Loria have put in a bid to host 2017 World Baseball Classic games. From every angle Miami is the perfect city for the WBC to be held in. Miami is close to many of the island nations that participate in the classic, and have many immigrants from countries with rich baseball histories. Miami is also a major cultural center and boasts beautiful beaches and a party atmosphere to allure fans from out of town. And the most important part: the Marlins have one of the newest ballparks in the majors and have the capacity to support such a large event. One can only imagine the atmosphere in the USA ever met with Cuba or the Dominican Republic in a WBC game, the atmosphere would be electric.
"We're going to bid for the World Baseball Classic in 2017," Marlins president David Samson said Monday afternoon. "We're Miami. If we're not focusing on the globalization of baseball, then we're not doing our job. Miami is the gateway to Latin America. It is a growing city, in terms of importance."
For those of you unfamiliar with the World Baseball Classic it is the World Cup of baseball. Every four years the best players from around the world come together to compete in a modified double-elimination tournament playing for their country. In the 2013 Classic, the Dominican Republic defeated Puerto Rico winning the championship. The Fish hosted first round games in 2013 but are aiming to hold second round games or the final game.
Although the event has not gained a ton of popularity among causal fans in America, the 2006 and 2009 World Baseball Classics were two of the most viewed sporting events in Japanese TV history. With the globalization of the game continuing, the World Baseball Classic could be gaining traction and has the potential to become the "World Cup of Baseball". While Baseball isn't anywhere close to the popularity of Soccer throughout the world, it has the potential to be in close second. And with relations between the US and Cuba getting better, we could discover a whole new crop of Cuban baseball players by 2017 who will go on to be stars in the majors.
Regardless of what you think of Loria, one thing is for sure, they are committed to bringing high profile events to their venue and that is respectable. Although there is still hard feelings on the part of the Miami-Dade Community, the potential of having two massive baseball events in Miami in 2017 will be great for local businesses.The Marlins rank 27th in attendance in Major League Baseball despite having a beautiful new ballpark. A lot of that can be attributed to Loria tearing down the team after their infamous spending spree in 2012 and the team being anywhere from bad to mediocre the last few years. But events like the All-Star Game and World Baseball Classic could increase interest in the sport and the Marlins in the Miami area, and that's never a bad thing.
Cecily Strong, 30
Robert Trachtenberg
Favorite host?
It's hard to choose. Kristen [Wiig], Tina [Fey], and Melissa [McCarthy]. I'm speechless around them.
Your boyfriend is SNL's Mike O'Brien. Any concerns about dating a coworker?
Absolutely. It's probably stupid. But I got the okay from my dad, who is a business professional. It happens. The good thing is I never feel like I'm complaining or talking about my job too much.
You're a household name now. How do you deal?
Therapy! It's hard when you're thrust into the spotlight. We write 40 scenes every week, and maybe 6 of them make the live show. There's a lot of "Am I not funny?" It's easy to feel overwhelmed and lose your confidence.
Props for calling out the "cruel bully dickheads" on Twitter who suggested you were pregnant. Why did you do it?
I felt like I was betraying myself not to say anything. I thought of myself as a 12-year-old. I've never had a hot bod or been seen that way. I didn't want to make it a big deal, but it was nice to feel support from other girls. Boys get it too. It's not even just a girl issue.
Celebrity spirit animal?
I love Amy Sedaris so much. I feel like I could have been a part of the Sedaris family.
T-shirt, Obesity and Speed, $125; shorts, Hanro of Switzerland, $148; shoes, Bess NYC, $220; stole, Adrienne Landau
Kate McKinnon, 30
Robert Trachtenberg
The sounds that goats and sheep make when they scream like men. I cannot keep myself together when I hear that.
You do a killer Justin Bieber. What would you say to them right now?
I'd get very serious with them and say, "You are good. Hang in there, pal. I love you. You have a core of goodness."
What's a failproof source of material for you?
Weird people doing shit. Like local news stories of a woman wearing hamburger shoes or just people behaving strangely.
Favorite sketch?
My favorite thing to do is play the character who makes out with people at the bar. I love fake, gross kissing. I've kissed Vince Vaughn and John Goodman. Louis C.K. was great. They were the first, but they were all great in their own ways. It takes a special man to put themselves in that situation.
Robe, $495, nightgown, $695, Josie Natori; shoes, Alejandro Ingelmo, $650; necklace, Kate's own
Aidy Bryant, 26
Robert Trachtenberg
When did you realize you were funny?
Funny was very valued in my house. My parents are both very funny, and my brother has great timing. I started doing children's theater, and when I found out about improv and sketch, I was like, "Oh, this is my jam."
You tweeted that Drake was the best after they hosted. Why?
I love him. He's the nicest dude. They felt like one of us all week, which was such a pleasant surprise because, come on, it's Drake! They have so much swagger. It was refreshing to say, "Oh, he's just like our bud!"
What do you do on your one day off?
I will watch any garbage that's on TV. I watch all the Real Housewives — all cities. I know their husbands' names; I know their dogs' names. I know too much about these women.
What would you say to a person who thinks girls aren't as funny as guys?
You're wrong. All you need to do is watch Amy Poehler, Tina Fey, Kristen Wiig, or any of the girls in the cast right now. You're a damn fool if you think girls can't hang with guys on the funny front.
Robe, Kumi Kookoon, $257; nightgown, Hanro of Switzerland, $118; shoes, Jacques Levine, $98; all jewelry, Aidy's own
Sasheer Zamata, 27
Robert Trachtenberg
When did you realize you were funny?
I did a speech for Hoosier Girls State, in Indiana. I put one joke at the top of my speech, and people laughed really hard. I was like, Man, I want to do this all the time.
There was a lot of buzz about your casting. What's your take?
I'm just glad to be hired, honestly. I do love being black — it is a part of my life and identity, but as far as work goes, I'm a comedian. They hired me because I'm a comedian.
Do you feel pressure to represent black women a certain way?
I don't. I also don't know if black women see me and are like, "She's representing all of us." All I'm doing is telling jokes. I'm not making legal decisions for them. I do want little girls to watch the show and think they could do what I'm doing. That'd be awesome.
What always makes you laugh?
Nicole Byer (from MTV's Girl Code). She's the funniest person in the world.
Dream host?
Beyoncé. If they could grace the studio with their presence, everything would be right in the world.
Robe, Christine Lingerie, $410; bra, Parfait, $38; brief, Panache, $48; (on statue) bra, Gap, $39.50
Nasim Pedrad, 32
Robert Trachtenberg
When did you first realize you were funny?
I used my sense of humor to fit in at school. It was a form of currency with the popular crowd. Having foreign parents and a weird name didn't help. What I had going for me was I could make people laugh.
Do you feel a responsibility to raise the bar for women in comedy?
I'd like to think that we are past the point of debate over how funny women can be. I feel a responsibility to make sure there are things on the show that represent what women are thinking. I can probably write a more accurate birth-control parody than a guy writer from The Harvard Lampoon. Although those guys can surprise you sometimes.
What does your Sunday look like after a show?
It depends on how late you were at the afterparty. Worst-case scenario: You wake up around 5 p.m., order Chinese food, shovel it down, watch 30 minutes of TV, and go to sleep again.
What always makes you laugh?
My 90-year-old Iranian grandmother. They just doesn't give a shit anymore. They deliver the best burns I've ever heard in the shortest amount of words.
Dream host?
At the risk of sounding obvious and like such a girl, Leonardo DiCaprio. He's never hosted, and he's such a huge star!
Camisole, $135, shorts, $135, Christine Lingerie; shoes, Sophia Webster (see page 181), $395; all jewelry, Nasim's own
Noël Wells, 27
Robert Trachtenberg
When did you realize you were funny?
My family moved a lot, often in the middle of the school year, and I would have to make new friends. If you're making fun of yourself, then people are like, "Oh, she's okay." As I got older, I wanted to become a politician.
Why did you give up the political dream?
I don't know if I have! But I think comedy is a more effective way of getting a message out. If we can all laugh at something, we can also see a bigger picture.
You were once a magician's assistant. What did that entail?
I would get sawed in half or flail around in a little dance. I know lots of magic secrets, but it would be a dick move for me to share.
What would you say to a person who thinks girls aren't as funny as guys?
My opinion is that there is one in a thousand people who think that and 999 people know better. It's not even worth addressing. One person can think the president is a lizard, but do you engage that person? I don't think it's worth it.
Vanessa Bayer, 32
Robert Trachtenberg
Middle school or high school. I had a lot of fun impersonating teachers or ordering catalogs with weird voices. There was one catalog that had jewelry exclusively made of cubic zirconia that I used to call and place an order in a Southern accent.
Favorite host?
Kerry Washington hosted this season, and I just loved them to pieces. Everyone did. All the girls wanted to be best friends with them It's crazy. You meet these hosts and they're so great, and then they have to leave at the end of the week. It's sad.
Your Miley Cyrus is spot-on She's hosted twice since you've been on the show — are you guys friends now?
I'd like to think we are. They were so great. It takes a really cool person to embrace a parody version of themself the way that they have.
Dream host?
I would love to have Claire Danes host and Thirty Seconds to Mars (fronted by Jared Leto) be the musical guest. It would be a So-Called Life show.
What always makes you laugh?
Home-shopping networks. There's something about them that I think is so funny. The women are mesmerizing. I always turn it on, and my friends are like, "Why are we watching this?" It just makes me giggle.
Robe, Ari Dein, $460; camisole, Cami NYC, $158; pajama pants, Victoria's Secret, $69.50
Hair: Zaiya Latt for the Stephen Knoll Salon. (Vanessa Bayer) Andrew Fitzsimons using Oribe at ABTP. Makeup: Tina Turnbow using Lancôme at Crosby Carter Management. Manicure: Roseann Singleton using Chanel La Vernis. Set design: Shawn Patrick Anderson at Bridge Artists.
This article was originally published as "Hot and Hilarious: It's An SNL Sleepover!" in the May 2014 issue of Cosmopolitan. Click here to get the issue in the iTunes store!
RELATED:
Anna Kendrick Totally Auditioned For The Little Mermaid This Weekend13 Funny Women to Watch in 2014Judy Greer On What It's Like To Pee With Big Celebrities
Photo credit: Robert Trachtenberg
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption New York truck attack: Who is Sayfullo Saipov?
The main suspect in the New York truck rampage that killed eight people on Tuesday has told investigators they began planning the attack a year ago.
Sayfullo Saipov, 29, said they intended to kill as many people as possible and "felt good" about the Halloween attack.
The Uzbek immigrant, who faces federal terrorism charges, says they were inspired by so-called Islamic State. They were shot and injured by police at the scene.
US President Donald Trump tweeted that they should receive the death penalty.
The charges filed against Mr Saipov are federal, which means the government can override New York state's ban on capital punishment.
What did the suspect say?
Mr Saipov appeared in court in a wheelchair 24 hours after mowing down cyclists and pedestrians on a bike lane in Lower Manhattan on Tuesday.
Six people died at the scene and two more in hospital. Twelve people were injured, four of whom remain in critical condition.
Prosecutors say Mr Saipov spoke freely to them, waiving their right to avoid self-incrimination while in custody.
According to federal court papers, they said:
The attack was a year in the planning and they carried out a trial run with a rental truck last month
They intentionally chose Halloween because they believed there would be more people in the streets
They originally planned to target the Brooklyn Bridge as well
They wanted to display Islamic State (IS) flags on the truck, but decided not to draw attention to themselves
They were inspired by 90 graphic and violent propaganda videos found on their phone - in particular, one in which IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi asks what Muslims are doing to avenge deaths in Iraq.
Mr Saipov was charged with one count of providing material support and resources to IS and another count of violence and destruction of motor vehicles.
New York Police's Deputy Commissioner John Miller said the suspect appeared "to have followed almost exactly to a 'T'" IS instructions on how to carry out such an attack.
The FBI says they have located a second Uzbek man, 32-year-old Mukhammadzoir Kadirov, who was wanted for questioning in connection with the attack.
Who is the suspect?
Sayfullo Saipov had reportedly lived in Tampa, Florida, before moving to Paterson, New Jersey.
They arrived in America from Uzbekistan in 2010 and is a legal resident of the country. Uber confirmed they had been working as a driver for them.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Saipov, who was shot and injured by police, appeared in court in a wheelchair
CBS News quotes an intelligence source as saying they were known to US authorities after their name was associated with the subjects of FBI counter-terrorism investigations in 2015.
The source says they had some contact with individuals who were considered radicalised extremists, at least one of whom was Uzbek. It is unclear whether those being investigated were in the US or overseas.
It is not known if Mr Saipov, who was not the main focus of the investigation, was interviewed at that time by the FBI.
What has been the reaction?
New York has increased the police presence at key transport hubs, and there will be additional uniformed and plain-clothes police on duty at Sunday's New York Marathon.
President Trump said they were taking steps to end the diversity lottery programme - the immigration system under which the suspect entered the country.
But on Thursday, the US president drew back from an earlier call to send the suspect to the US military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, suggesting it would take too long.
The administration says it has not ruled out adding Uzbekistan to a list of countries in the president's proposed travel ban.
The mayor of New York City and the governor of New York state have both praised the resilience of New Yorkers - and urged people not to "politicise" a tragedy that took eight lives.
Governor Andrew Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio also suggested New York's strict gun control laws had ensured that high-powered weapons could not get into the hands of terrorists.
How did the attack unfold?
The attacker rented the truck from a New Jersey branch of retailer Home Depot on Tuesday afternoon before driving to New York City and entering the bike lane, police said.
Video cameras show the van driving at very high speed, appearing to target bike riders and pedestrians.
After the truck collided with a school bus, the truck driver emerged and brandished what appeared to be two weapons.
Mr Saipov was shot and wounded at the scene by an NYPD officer who was alerted to the attack by witnesses.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Babtunde Ogunnyi describes the moment a truck hit people on a cycle path in Lower Manhattan
Knives, a paint gun and a pellet gun were recovered from the scene.
It was the deadliest terror attack in the city since 11 September 2001.
Who were the victims?
A group of five Argentine friends celebrating the 30th anniversary of their college graduation were among the dead.
Image copyright AFP Image caption This image of the Argentine friends was taken moments before they flew to New York. Hernán Ferrucci (far left), Alejandro Damián Pagnucco (second from left), Ariel Erlij (third from left), Hernán Mendoza (third from right) and Diego Angelini (second from right) were all killed
The men - all aged 48 or 49 - were named as Hernán Diego Mendoza, Diego Enrique Angelini, Alejandro Damián Pagnucco, Ariel Erlij and Hernán Ferrucci.
Belgian officials said Anne-Laure Decadt, a 31-year-old from Staden in Flanders, was also killed. Three Belgians were wounded.
Two other victims, both Americans, have been identified as Darren Drake, 32, and Nicholas Cleves, 23.
Marlene Leung and Josh Elliott, CTVNews.ca
Ottawa police say no hazardous materials have been found at an Ottawa hotel where an arrest was made in connection with a “possible threat.”
On Wednesday morning, police arrested a suspect at the Chimo Hotel in Ottawa's east end, after the hotel was evacuated Tuesday night.
The arrest is linked to an RCMP investigation in the Halifax-area involving hazardous chemicals, police confirmed Wednesday.
"The man is being held on a Canada-wide warrant issued relating to charges in Nova Scotia," Ottawa police said in a statement.
Const. Chuck Benoit said an investigation at the hotel started at about 10:15 p.m. Tuesday, after officers received information about a "threat."
"The information that we received that it was a threat, a suspicious male that was at the hotel," they said.
Earlier Wednesday, Ottawa Police Insp. John McGetrick had called that threat "very concerning.”
"Based on the information we received, the threat – the substance – was very significant," they said.
Officers blocked off a large perimeter around the hotel, and tactical teams, including the HAZMAT team, were called to the scene.
Hotel guests were quickly and quietly escorted out of the building in what became a 10-hour police operation.
Christopher Phillips, of Halifax, was arrested without incident Wednesday morning at the hotel, outside their 6th floor hotel room.
Phillips is a 42-year-old American citizen who had previously worked as a biochemist with the U.S. Army. It is also believed that Phillips is an ophthalmologist, and previously studied law.
They had been married to former U.S. Olympic gymnast Shannon Miller, but the couple divorced in 2006.
In a statement, Miller said that “upon hearing the recent news surrounding Christopher Phillips,” their prayers go to the “safety of those around him.”
“I'm thankful that the brave men and women of the Ottawa police department and other law enforcement agencies were able to apprehend them and diffuse the situation without incident,” Miller said.
The statement also clarified that the marriage between Phillips and Miller was brief, and the pair did not have children.
It was Phillips' current wife who alerted police that their husband was headed to the Ottawa area, after they notified them of their plans to travel to the capital from Halifax. Phillips was travelling without a cellphone or clothing.
Police searched three locations in Halifax and found a "large quantity" of chemicals at a cottage on the outskirts of the city, they said.
One of the chemicals found is known as osmium tetroxide (OsO4). The chemical is volatile and can cause blindness and death.
On Monday night, police in the Halifax area found a suspicious package at a home in the suburb of Cole Harbour. Police said the package contained hazardous chemicals.
The discovery of the package prompted evacuations Tuesday in Cole Harbour and nearby Grand Desert.
Forensic investigators, hazardous materials crews and explosive experts were at the Grand Desert cottage on Wednesday to inspect the property and enforce an evacuation of the area.
"We've taken measures to ensure the safety of the public," Const. Greg Church, of Halifax RCMP, said. They confirmed there was a "large quantity of chemicals" on the property. Police have not determined what chemicals are at the site.
"We have an investigative team that is going to Ottawa to interview the suspect," Church said.
Police say Halifax RCMP will lead the investigation in conjunction with Ottawa Police and Ottawa RCMP.
It is not yet known whether the suspect will be charged in Ontario or Nova Scotia.
With files from The Canadian Press
Some slightly decomposed crystals of 4-methoxyphenyl-diazonium-tetrafluoroborate.
Diazonium salts are tricky compounds, since most of them are not stable enough to isolate them in pure form, because they decompose easily. Old reports say that diazonium perchlorates (ClO4) could easily explode when they are stored in pure form, but tetrafluoroborates (BF4) are mostly stable. To test it's stability the easiest thing is to mix a small amount of the pure salt with 10x weight of sand and heat it up. If it explodes it is not stable, but if it melts and decomposes slowly, it is safe to use.
The Balz–Schiemann reaction is a chemical reaction in which aniline [1] are transformed to aryl fluorides [3] via diazonium fluoroborates [2] (on the picture). It is named after the German chemists Günther Schiemann and Günther Balz, this reaction is the preferred route to fluorobenzene and some related derivatives.
How this works?
9:30 pm • 20 November 2015 • 402 notes • View comments
Feels like being stuck in the middle of a rain storm in New York City.
Ok...funny story for the inspiration for this one.
This morning my son woke up and instantly came to our room to give mommy a hug... but when I asked for a hug, they wouldn't give it to me( turns out that my three day beard scratches their skin and I can understand that they don't want that on their face first thing in the morning)..but the feeling it gave me was of being so far away, alone in the rain. Of course, I'm exaggerating, BUT.. the point is.. anything can work for inspiration..just let it run a bit and don't overthink it.... at least it works for me.
Ps.. he's giving me many hugs and kisses since this morning!!
Emily Richmond has been mistaken for Christ, had close shaves with pirates, speared their dinner and made water from a solar still to survive. We caught up with them in Borneo.
Advertisement
IndefinitelyWild: Where has the five-year journey taken you so far?
Emily Richmond: Five years ago, I left Los Angeles, sailed down the coast and hopped through Mexico, El Salvador, Costa Rica, Panama and then, from there, out to the Galapagos, then Easter Island and even Pitcairn Island. That's a really crazy island in the middle of the ocean, only accessible by private boat and full of really crazy people.
Then, I went to Samoa and New Guinea, where I'm staying for a year, then East Timor. More recently, I've been sailing around the eastern part of the Indian Ocean, through the Indonesian Archipelago and now I've come around Borneo, which is this huge island.
Advertisement
In the coming year, I plan to sail over to Sri Lanka, then East Africa, where I plan to stay for a couple years, working my way up and down the coast.
IW: Why did you decide to sail around the world?
ER: In a word? Romance. Everything about sailing around the world seemed logical and beautiful and smart. It is a really essential way to live. It's a huge project, but it doesn't cost a huge amount of money to do; you travel with the wind. Also, you can access places you couldn't access otherwise.
Advertisement
IW: How do you pace yourself? Is there a schedule you're trying to keep?
ER: When I left, I was coming from a world of schedules and I thought they were important. I realized they are not. Schedules are actually quite impractical in my life, my progress is directed by weather, repairs and what have you.
Advertisement
IW: Where have you spent the most time?
ER: In New Guinea, partly because I love the place and partly because my boat was taken out of the water and stranded there. On the way there, I'd been stuck in the doldrums for a while with no motor. There was nothing I could do except wait it out. So, I decided to install an engine on board when I got to New Guinea. Bobbie (my boat) was hauled out of the water by a construction company who promised they would have me back on the water in two weeks. A couple of days later, they decamped their machinery to the rainforest to raze trees for a palm oil plantation. And so my boat and I were marooned for nine months. I actually loved my time there.
Advertisement
​Rafting America's Most Difficult River With 15 class V rapids in under 9 miles, Cherry Creek and the Upper Tuolumne River are considered… Read more Read
IW: Bobbie looks a little sketchy.
ER: While my boat isn't in complete disrepair, it is an old workboat and there are tons of things that I need to maintain on it. When you're traveling with an ongoing project or there's something you need to get done, you meet way more people. Whenever I turn up at ports and have a major thing to fix, I feel sheer delight knowing that it will require me to collaborate with a bunch of new people. Most of my social circles have been built around that. If there was nothing going wrong, I'd be super bored and lonely.
Advertisement
IW: Do you feel like a total badass, out there all by yourself?
ER: I really like the word "badass," but I would never describe myself that way. I feel like a baby most of the time. But, I guess if you just keep going, people get the impression that you're badass.
Advertisement
IW: How prepared would you say you were when you departed?
ER: Well, when you leave to sail around the world, you don't have to do it all at once. A big trip is really just a bunch of small trips put together. You just have to make it to the next port, fix what's broken, make it to the next port, fix what's broken and so on. I had what I needed when I started, so in that sense I was prepared. Parts are easy to come by in Central America, that got me on my way even though the boat wasn't perfect.
Advertisement
IW: What have you experienced that you can only get on a boat?
ER: Right now, I'm in this region that is this mashed up border between the Philippines, Indonesia and Malaysia and there's a lot of lawlessness and sketchiness. There's a shitload of piracy going on. There are hardcore jihadists named Abu Sabaya that have kidnapped Americans for ransom. Being the only American here, it's definitely a concern. It's not something that's reported on. Neither are the more than one million Bajau sea gypsies that live here in a stateless limbo, unable to go to schools or hospitals or to vote.
IW: Tell us about the time you were mistaken for Christ.
ER: Not Christ as we think of Christ, but their Christ. They have a Black Jesus in New Guinea. It's a cult, not Christianity. There's a belief that, when you die, you come back with white skin. And there are no white people there, so me turing up was pretty shocking to them. They killed a pig and had a big celebration and dancing. They gave me lot's of stuff and, to be honest, I was really uncomfortable with it all. I didn't really know how to handle it. I was like, "It's not me!"
Advertisement
The spiritual leader cried hysterically when I left. They gave me all sorts of stuff to take.
IW: How do you sleep at night when you're solo sailing?
ER: Depends on where you're sailing. If I'm crossing the open ocean, I just go to sleep relatively confident that there won't be any ships to take my boat out. For the past year though, I've been in shipping channels everywhere I've gone. Ships going to and from China, crossing all over, it's a constant stress. In those situations, I sleep for ten or twenty minutes, wake up to check for ships, then go back to sleep.
Advertisement
There have been a few close shaves. I've had times where I've awakened to feel of the bow wake of a massive ship and realize I've come a couple seconds from death. But you have to sleep, sleep deprivation will make you go crazy. You lose your mind and make bad decisions during the day or slip and fall overboard.
There's not much you can do. People make radar reflectors, but the ships just aren't looking for small vessels like mine. Most of the time when I call them by radio, they aren't even on the bridge. It's a total crapshoot.
Advertisement
IW: Tell us a pirate story.
ER: There've been times when I've come across guys in pairs of motorboats at sea who have no fishing equipment. That's pretty indicative of pirates, but nobody's tried to kill me yet. When I see them approach, I usually cross dress and put rags in my jacket shoulders and act like a guy. It probably helps that I don't have some flashy yacht, there are rust stains and you can see I don't have big radars or navigation systems or any of that fancy shit.
IW: Have you met other sailors?
ER: I thought I was going to meet other young sailors out on the sea, but I haven't. I'm worried about our generation. It used to be people in their twenties and thirties going to all these wild places and having big adventures. I've been halfway around the world and the only other young sea travelers I've seen I met on Easter Island.
Advertisement
The first thing people ask me about is, "Where are you going next?" It's like you're not allowed to go slow and enjoy and learn about where you are. Too many people our age are more about ticking boxes.
IW: Do you fish for food?
ER: A friend of mine in Papua New Guinea left a bamboo and metal spike spear on my boat that I use to fish for food occasionally, when I need some protein. It's kept me fed when I've run out of supplies. The fish are pretty easy to catch, but normally I don't have time to gut them and prepare them while I'm sailing.
Advertisement
IW: How are you funding all this?
ER: Mostly, I just try to be very frugal. I don't dock in marinas and the cost of living here in Southeast Asia is very inexpensive. You can get by very well on $30 a week, even with eating out. In the beginning, I got a little money from Kickstarter, but that didn't last very long. I still get sponsorships through my website, but mostly I make money from working in places I've stopped.
IW: How healthy is the ocean you've seen?
ER: I've seen a lot to be concerned about. Off the coast of Panama, I discovered a huge plastic trash island that was hitherto unstudied. I charted its location for scientists. Here in Southeast Asia, there's been a collapse in the shark population — I think 98 percent are gone.
Advertisement
The problem is, people aren't spending any time in nature, so they don't see this. Cousteau said that their motivation for making films and going on expeditions stemmed from the fact that people only protect what they care about. I think that's true.
IW: Have you been in any big storms?
ER: Nothing devastating, that perfect storm hasn't hit me yet. But, there have been storms where the waves have been taller than my mast, which is 45 feet. I guess that's fairly bad weather.
Advertisement
You just have to get through them. They can last for seven or eight days, you wake up and think, "Surely the rain will stop today." But, it just keeps raining and stays grey and that can have a huge impact on my mood. My mental well-being is very connected to the physical world in that sense.
I wear a harness when the weather turns really nasty.
IW: What's your long-term plan?
ER: I'm going to continue on my way around the world. Some land was given to me in New Guinea and there's this one beautiful tree out there that I have imagined building a tree house in, Swiss Family Robinson style. I can see the floor pan and the materials it's made out of. I think the boat will always be close by though.
Advertisement
Cameron Smith is the tallest person to ever talk about riding their motorcycle to South America without ever actually doing it.
IndefinitelyWild is a new publication about adventure travel in the outdoors, the vehicles and gear that get us there and the people we meet along the way. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
Poland's parliament recently voted to uphold a controversial ban on ritual Jewish butchering -- an otherwise lucrative international enterprise for the export hungry nation.
That not withstanding, everything else Jewish seems to have become decidedly kosher in the Polish Republic. Seven decades after more than 90 percent of Poland's Jewish population of 3.6 million was slaughtered by the Nazis (with an occasional assist from a few local anti-Semites) everything from Jewish history to Jewish food to Jewish music to Jewish art has suddenly become Poland's in-thing.
The capital city of Warsaw itself recently feted the opening of an amazingly lavish Museum of the History of Polish Jews. Located at the edge of where the infamous Warsaw Ghetto once stood, it tells the rich tale of more than a thousand years of Polish-Jewish life -- a subject generally and pointedly ignored in the post-war years, both by Communists and non-Communists. .
These days Polish restaurants from Gdansk to Lodz offer their customers Jewish style dishes from "Yiddish fish"" (AKA gefilte fish" to "Sabbath Stew" (AKA cholent). Theaters and clubs headline concerts of klezmer music, art galleries feature exhibits by pre-war Jewish painters and young Poles who've discovered they had a grandfather or an aunt with a touch of Jewish ancestry don't hide the facts as they used to, they rush to forge their own ties with renewing Jewish communities.
Credit: cracowonline
Still nowhere is Poland's new Jewish chic as high-spirited and accomplished as it is in the great southern Polish city of Krakow -- home of an annual Jewish Culture Festival just completing its 23rd successful year .
All but a handful of Krakow's important Jewish community died in nearby Auschwitz (remember "Schindler's List"?) or was simply murdered on its doorsteps by German troops. But miraculously Kazimierz, the city's centuries old Jewish quarter, like most of Krakow, physically survived.
And it is there, along its intertwined, cobble-stoned streets that musicians, dancers, actors and artists from around the world gather each summer to celebrate the richness of global Jewish culture.
This year's festivities included everything from an opening night Melaveh Malka -- a joyful farewell to the Sabbath in one of Krakow's beautifully restored synagogues featuring golden voiced cantors from three continents. The same Tempel was also the setting for an audience packed concert of the Krakow Academy of Music's Big Band led by New York's Frank London, the trumpeter wizard of what London themselves calls "the new Jewish music, a fascinating fusion of contemporary klezmer and modern jazz". It also featured another New York Jewish jazz whiz: guitarist Yoshie Fruchter.
Jewish jazzist Frank London
Credit: Pawel Mazur, www.jewishfestival.com
There were dozens of daily workshops on arts and crafts, symposiums on Yiddish song and dance, lectures on Krakow history, and tens of concerts including one by Diwan Saz, a unique Jewish-Muslim group from Israel. There was even a hyper active session by Australian Rabbi Dovid Tsap who personally illustrated their specialized Ollies, Kickflips and other talents as a "spiritual skateboarder."
The breadth of the corruption now coming to light has astonished even cynical Italians. On Wednesday, the once-powerful governor of the Lombardy Region, Roberto Formigoni, said they would dissolve the regional government on Oct. 25 in a snowballing series of scandals that has already brought down the president of the Lazio Region and led to the dismissal last week of the entire city government of Reggio Calabria to prevent organized crime infiltration.
Mr. Formigoni, a stalwart of Mr. Berlusconi's People of Liberty party who has governed Lombardy for 17 years, said their government had come to an end after the arrest last week of a lawmaker in the vote-selling case, one of more than a dozen regional lawmakers embroiled in scandals.
Mr. Formigoni is under investigation on the accusation that they accepted paid vacations and yacht trips from a health care lobbyist. They deny wrongdoing and says that the majority of citizens want them to stay in power.
In a recent interview, the justice minister, Paola Severino, said the scandals were worse than the so-called Clean Hands investigation that swept away an entire political class 20 years ago because they were taking place in a moment “of significant political weakness.”
“To illicitly profit from public funds is always extremely serious, but to illicitly profit from public funds when the country is asking sacrifices of its citizens is something of unprecedented gravity,” they told Sky television.
Many of the current scandals have their origins in a 2001 law meant to promote greater federalism and, theoretically, more local accountability. The measure, which handed out generous state financing without requiring that the regions raise much money on their own, backfired badly, fostering reckless spending throughout the country.
Photo
“Effectively, it was like giving a credit card to someone and saying, ‘Do as you like,' ” said Roberto Perotti, a professor of economics at Bocconi University in Milan.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Times have also changed. “Today, businesses don't have the money to corrupt, so the politicians dip directly into public funds,” said Marco Cobianchi, the author of two books on corruption.
With the creation of Italy's provinces in 1970, and especially in the years after 2001, the cost of regional governments exploded. The salaries of Italy's 1,113 regional lawmakers expanded as well, to $4,000 to $6,500 a month, and often double that with added benefits, a rich reward compared with the average Italian salary of around $1,500 a month. After the government raised the retirement age last year to between 62 and 66 in a complex scheme, there is less tolerance for politicians allowed by law to accrue lush second pensions well before retirement age (in some regions, they begin receiving these annuities at age 50).
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
As a result, there is a rising public clamor for cutting the cost of politics, but the political parties have been slow to respond. Many proposed reforms have been watered down or stalled at a legislative level, including one to reduce the number of regional politicians.
“The level of anger in all sectors of the population, from north to south, suggests that the boiling point is nearby,” Mr. Perotti said.
With politicians mired in scandal, disaffection is running high six months ahead of early national elections in which the left is favored to win, but without enough support to form a government. Populist, antipolitical forces — most notably the Five-Star Movement of the comedian Beppe Grillo — are gaining momentum.
Polls show that abstentions are expected to be at a record high. “I've always cast my ballot, but these politicians deserve a 99 percent abstention rate in the next elections, to give them a signal,” Massimo Rossi, 49, a street vendor in Rome, said while putting away a case of green beans.
“It's across the spectrum, unfortunately,” they added. “I am not talking about parties or political colors, but about the lack of people who really represent us citizens.”
Some say the new scandals have revealed a political culture based more on lifestyle than on ideology. They have laid bare the “perversion of politics, which has become a job for many, a high-paying placement system,” wrote Ezio Mauro, the editor of La Repubblica, a daily newspaper.
Noting a “sense of impunity” sowed during the Berlusconi years, “the deterioration of the meaning of politics and its nature” has led Italy to this point, they added. “Our democracy was corroded by the corruption of 1992; now it is ill.”
Gherardo Colombo, who was among the Milan prosecutors who spearheaded the graft inquiries 20 years ago, said that Italy's institutions were weaker today than they were in the early 1990s. Legislation drafted over the past two decades “has made corruption easier, and more difficult to uncover,” they said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Colombo said that there had also been cultural shifts, and that Italian society had acquiesced to the climate of illegality. “You don't see indignation, but indifference, and that is not a good sign,” they added. “It means there is disillusionment, but also that people don't see this as a problem that needs to be changed.”
Men persuade themselves that religion is the most serious affair in the world for them, while it is the very thing which they least examine for themselves.
If the question arises in the purchase of land, of a house, of the investment of money, of a transaction, or of some kind of agreement, you will see each one examine everything with care, take the greatest precautions, weigh all the words of a document, to beware of any surprise or imposition. It is not the same with religion; each one accepts it at hazard, and believes it upon verbal testimony, without taking the trouble to examine it. Two causes seem to concur in sustaining men in the negligence and the thoughtlessness which they exhibit when the question comes up of examining their religious opinions. The first one is, the hopelessness of penetrating the obscurity by which every religion is surrounded; even in its first principles, it has only a tendency to repel indolent minds, who see in it but chaos, to penetrate which, they judge impossible. The second is, that each one is afraid to incommode themselves by the severe precepts which everybody admires in the theory, and which few persons take the trouble of practicing. Many people preserve their religion like old family titles which they have never taken the trouble to examine minutely, but which they place in their archives in case they need them.
It really is amazing, isn't it? Christianity and judaism are founded on stories of a guy who talked to a burning bush. Or that there was a fellow who personally talked to a god, and came back to convey their received wisdom. Offhand, I can think of three great religions founded on the latter claim: judaism, islam, and mormonism. There are christians who believe Moses talked with a god. There are muslims who believe Mohammed did. Oddly, there are christians who believe Moses did, but Mohammed and Joseph Smith didn't. How can someone accept such a story from Mohammed and believe its literal truth, but not accept the exact same story – with the exact same evidence – from Joseph Smith? That's what puzzles Meslier: based on the exact same story and evidence (i.e.: someone said so) a person is comfortable believing what would be the most important thing in the universe, were it actually true.
Imagine if you read the Weekly World News and accept everything it says as the literal truth. The Weekly World News is a more credible source than the bible because we have evidence that some of the characters in it actually existed. Barack Obama actually is a real person. That's more than we can say for Moses or Mohammed (though Joseph Smith appears to have actually existed, and been a fairly ordinary con-man) – imagine if we woke in a distant future and discovered an entire religion had grown up around the miracles of Uri Geller! Geller's repertoire of tricks is better than Moses' was!
NEW DELHI: Government on Thursday lifted the ban on bulk SMSs and MMSs with immediate effect -- a day before the earlier stipulated deadline of August 31.The telecom ministry had, on direction of home ministry , imposed the ban for 15 days on August 17. Later, the restriction was reviewed on August 24 when the telecom ministry increased the limit from five SMSes to 20 SMSes."After reviewing the matter again on Thursday, the ministry lifted the restriction allowing citizens to use text messages and MMSes without any limit of numbers with immediate effect," said a home ministry official.As MPs cutting across party lines had pitched for a foolproof mechanism to check spread of rumours that led to exodus of people from the northeast in certain states, the government on August 17 had imposed the ban on bulk SMSs and MMSs for 15 days across the country.As per that decision, no one was allowed to send more than five SMSs at one go and more than 20 KB of data from a cellphone for the next 15 days.Though such a ban may not put a complete check on spread of false or misleading information, officials believed that the mechanism coupled with strict monitoring of flow of SMSs had certainly acted as a deterrent.
Logging is a very important part of any production application. Quality logging provides invaluable, irreplaceable information about the inner workings of your application as it runs.
Winston is a great tool for providing a unified logging interface for a variety of log transports (the console, rotating files, third party services, etc…).
Unfortunately, some of the intricacies of Meteor's isomorphic build system make using Winston more difficult that it would seem at first glance.
Setting Up Winston
In Meteor 1.3, adding Winston to your project is as simple as installing the NPM package:
meteor npm install winston
Thanks to its ￼stellar documentation￼, setting up Winston as an ES6 module in your Meteor project is fairly straight forward too:
import winston from "winston"; let console = new winston.transports.Console({ name: "console", timestamp: true }); export const logger = new winston.Logger({ transports: [ console ] });
Now that logger is being exported by our new module, it can be imported anywhere else in the project and used to log vital information:
import { logger } from "/imports/logger"; logger.info("Party time! 🎉");
While this works beautifully on the server, we'll quickly run into issues when we start up our application and try to do some logging from the client.
Troubles on the Client
After starting up the application, you may see an error like the following in your browser console:
TypeError: fs.readdirSync is not a function
If you spend some time Googling this obtuse error, you'll eventually land on this ￼open Github issue￼ which explains that Winston currently doesn't support in-browser logging.
This unfortunate information leaves us with two options. We can either restrict imports of our logger module to only server-side components, or we can wrap our import winston and export logger statements in a Meteor.isServer guard.
Because the first option would be difficult to manage and would be a constant source of bugs, a reasonable solution would be to choose the second option:
import { Meteor } from "meteor/meteor"; if (Meteor.isServer) { import winston from "winston"; let console = new winston.transports.Console({ name: "console", timestamp: true }); export const logger = new winston.Logger({ transports: [ console ] }); }
Now that Winston is confined to the server, our client is happy.
A Tale of Two Loggers
Unfortunately, these solutions leaves us in an awkward position. On the server, we can import and use our new logger, but on the client we're forced to continue using console for all of our logging needs.
Isomorphic code, or code that runs on both the server and the client, amplifies the awkwardness of this situation.
Imagine that a ￼collection has a helper method￼ which can be called from both the client and the server. How would we log an error in that helper? If we're on the client, we'd have to use console.log or console.error , but if we're on the server we would want to use logger.error :
Collection.helpers({ foo() { return something() .catch((e) => { if (Meteor.isServer) { logger.error(e); } else { console.error(e); } }); } });
This is far from an ideal situation. Ideally, we'd like to be able to use logger across the board, regardless of if we're on the client or server.
Creating a Faux-Logger
Thankfully, we can make this ideal situation a reality.
Back in our logger module, we can detect if we're being imported on the client and, if we are, export an object that looks like a Winston logger, but is actually console .
if (Meteor.isServer) { … } else { export const logger = console; }
On Chrome this works just as we would expect. If we import logger on the client we can use logger.info , logger.warn , and logger.error because Chrome implements all of these methods ( info , warn , and error ) in its built-in console object.
However, if you want to target other browsers or environments that don't natively implement all of these logging methods, we'll have to implement them in our faux-logger ourselves:
if (Meteor.isServer) { … } else { export const logger = { info: console.log, warn: console.log, error: console.log }; }
We can even take this solution to the next level by decorating our calls to console.log and prepending whatever information we need:
function prepend(argument) { return function() and{ let args = [].slice.call(arguments); args.unshift(argument); console.log.apply(console, args); } } export const logger = { info: console.log, warn: prepend("⚠️"), error: prepend("☠️") };
Now our logger module can be imported and used as expected throughout our entire code base.
The browser's underlying logging framework will be used on the client, and Winston will be used on the server. While the underlying logging changes depending on context, our developer experience does not.
Sergey Semenov, a Russian, created the image by stitching together thousands of photographs of the city, taken during helicopter tours in 2011.
The interactive graphic has also been "flattened" to create a detailed 2-D image, focused on Central Park and its surrounding skyscrapers.
Mr Semenov won the best amateur award from the International Pano Awards , given out for panoric photographs, for the 2-D image.
"The desire to share my impressions with those who can't travel due to different circumstances led me to the project AirPano.com.
"The sense of the project itself is to show the people the most beautiful places of our planet in the manner that nobody has ever seen them before: from the bird's-eye view with unlimited freedom of vision and movement," they wrote on their website.
In December, the most detailed image ever made of Everest was released, using a similar technique of crafting together a mosaic of hundreds of photographs.
"I shoot landscapes, spheres from helicopter, gig-pixel panoramas as well as manipulate Photoshop and prepare the photos to be printed in a huge size and organize photo-exhibitions,' Mr Semonov wrote on the AirPano website.
"My first conscious acquaintance with photography happened in 2003 when a 1.3 Mp digital simple hand-held camera appeared in my hands.
"I was highly impressed by the ability to view the results on the screen!
"After that I became a fan of photography and gave it all my free time.
"Although I graduated from University with an honors degree in the sphere of International Economy and I am still working at that sphere as a consultant, photography took my heart forever."
Should vaping in public go up in smoke? Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved A young man vapes at a kiosk in the Westfield Vancouver Mall, December 2014 (KOIN 6 News) [ + - ] Video
Carla Castano - VANCOUVER, Wash. (KOIN 6) -- Whenever Michael Hamberg went to the Westfield Vancouver Mall, he'd see vapor rising from the e-cigarette kiosk.
The kiosk attendants, they said, "were always blowing vapors in the air." They said the vapor caused them throat irritation and they were worried about the impact on their two young daughters.
"I was just kind of concerned about my family being there with the health issues," they said.
They said they tried to contact the Westfield Vancouver Mall's management about the issue, but "I haven't got a response."
The marketing director for the mall declined an interview and had no comment on the topic when contacted by KOIN 6 News.
The owner of the Life-Wise Vapor kiosk in the mall also had no comment for KOIN 6 News.
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved A young man vapes at a kiosk in the Westfield Vancouver Mall, December 2014 (KOIN 6 News)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved A young man vapes at a kiosk in the Westfield Vancouver Mall, December 2014 (KOIN 6 News)
Washington's law regarding smoking in public places passed in 2005. It does not ban e-cigarettes, which appeared on the market about two years later.
The Washington Department of Health said it's up to local governments to make the call about e-cigarettes. King, Pierce and Grant counties, plus Pasco City, don't allow vaping indoors.
"Vancouver doesn't have that kind of ban," said Paul Davis of the tobacco prevention control section of the Washington Department of Health. "We do get a number of calls asking why is it that people can use these products."
An employee of the Life-Wise Vapor kiosk told KOIN 6 News some of the liquids are infused with caffeine and melatonin.
Davis thinks that's a problem.
"I think when you have a chemical that people are inhaling into their lungs and it's a psychoactive chemical and it doesn't have any regulation or any protection or prevention for kids, that's a cause for concern."
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Flavored products for e-cigarettes, December 2014 (KOIN 6 News)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Flavored products for e-cigarettes, December 2014 (KOIN 6 News)
There are five proposed bills in Washington and seven in Oregon about vaping in this upcoming legislative session. Most of those are about regulating e-cigarettes to prevent minors from easily accessing them. (A list of the proposed legislation is listed at the bottom of this article.)
But there is nothing in the proposed legislation to stop vaping indoors.
In Vancouver, the use of any tobacco product in a park is punishable by law with a fine of up to $1,000.
Mayor Tim Leavitt told KOIN 6 News they just heard about the indoor vaping at the Westfield Vancouver Mall and they said the city will now consider banning indoor vaping.
"Our city manager has been tasked with doing some research," Leavitt said.
Clark County Councillor Tom Mielke had no idea vaping was allowed in the mall. "I'm really surprised because that's an indoor area," they said.
Mielke told KOIN 6 News Clark County will likely pass an ordinance preventing vaping in public places "probably within a month or two."
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Portland State University professors Dr. James Pankow and Dr. David Peyton published studies in the New England Journal of Medicine about vaping (KOIN 6 News)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Portland State University professors Dr. James Pankow and Dr. David Peyton published studies in the New England Journal of Medicine about vaping (KOIN 6 News)
Portland State University professors Dr. James Pankow and Dr. David Peyton published studies in the New England Journal of Medicine about vaping.
Pankow studied flavor chemicals in vaping liquids and said they are not safe for inhaling. In some of the liquids, the study found the flavorant level is very high.
"Anyone who is around an e-cigarette user is being exposed to the same chemicals as the user, and it's not just water vapor. It's all the chemicals and the flavorants," Pankow told KOIN 6 News. "It's a class of chemical, an aldehyde, are known respiratory irritants."
Peyton's study discovered a carcinogen.
"We saw up to 15 times as much formaldehyde as one study saw in cigarette smoke," they said.
The researchers said they have found several more health concerns in e-cigarettes and plan to publish more studies in the next few months.
KOIN 6 News asked several e-cigarette manufacturers about their products, but they declined to be interviewed.
However, Phil Daman, the chairperson and president of the Smoke-Free Alternatives Trade Association, said they were familiar with the recent research.
"The study was in no way, shape or form designed to examine whether or not electronic cigarettes were more harmful than smoking," Daman told KOIN 6 News.
Michael Hamberg hopes the Vancouver city leaders follow suit so no vaping will be inside the mall.
"It seems like a family environment like a mall, they shouldn't have something like that," they said.
=====
WASHINGTON SB 5124: Prohibits sale of vapor products to minors
OREGON SB 190: Prohibits person from shipping or transporting or causing to be shipped or transported cigarettes, electronic cigarettes or smokeless tobacco products unless person is licensed distributor or retailer
OREGON 340: Defines "inhalant delivery system." Amends laws concerning sale of tobacco products to, and use of tobacco products by, minors so those laws equally apply to inhalant delivery systems.
OREGON SB 415: Relating to flavored tobacco products; declaring an emergency. Prohibits distributing, selling or allowing to be sold flavored tobacco products or flavored inhalant delivery system products in this state
OREGON SB 417: Requires premises where person makes retail sales of tobacco products and inhalant delivery systems to be licensed by Oregon Liquor Control Commission.
OREGON HB 2074: Expands definition of tobacco products for purpose of taxation to include electronic cigarettes and nicotine solution
OREGON HB 2134: Expands definition of "tobacco products" for purpose of taxation to include electronic cigarettes and nicotine solution.
OREGON HB 2546: Defines "inhalant delivery system." Amends laws concerning sale of tobacco products to, and use of tobacco products by, minors so those laws equally apply to inhalant delivery systems.
TULSA, Okla. – Without a win in almost two months, Friday night's game against Arizona United SC may have marked the midway point of the season for Tulsa Roughnecks FC, but it also represented a must-win if the side was to hope to contend for the playoffs at the end of the season.
Thanks to local standouts Cristian Mata and Bryce Taylor, the Roughnecks claimed their third win of the season with a 3-2 victory in the USL Game of the Week on ESPN3 on ONEOK Field.
“Coming in, we knew we needed a result, and tonight, we battled it out,” Mata said following the game. “I felt we came out big in the first 30, it was just about finishing it off, and I thought we did that. We had a really good week of training, a tough week of training, and me and Sammy [Ochoa] showed a good start and hopefully we can continue on that.”
JOHNNY WATTERSON
The IRFU reaffirmed that one the biggest threats to financing the game in Ireland is competition from teams in France with greater financial muscle. The fear is that Irish teams may become less competitive, which would have a hugely negative effect on union income.
The IRFU are also exploring the possibility of attracting private money to aid the funding of the sport.
At last night's annual report and accounts, treasurer Tom Grace said that the future incomes stream carry risk and much of the financial future of the union rests with the success of the national and provincial teams as well as an improving economy.
The international game and the success of the senior team continue to be the cash cow of the sport. Last year the international game generated 75 per cent of cash income for the union.
The healthy attendances at the Autumn Series of matches in tandem with the success of the Irish team, which won the Six Nations Championship, and the strong performances from the provinces all contributed to the union reporting a surplus of €7.3 million for the year. However, with all of the costs stripped out, the deficit was €1 million, a smaller figure than the union expected. The deficit last year was €4.5 million.
Grace also pointed out that the 2020/'21 season would be vital for the IRFU as this is when the 5,000 premium tickets, which were largely issued in 2010, come up for renewal. For the last batch of 10-year tickets the IRFU were asking for €9,500 per ticket.
Other concerns centre around the direction television is taking and the impact on free to air broadcasting as well as the changing face of European rugby and what effect that will have on the ability of the Irish provincial sides to continue winning at European level.
Income from the international teams amounted to €33,356,304. Commercial income was €6,148,748, deferred ticket income came to over €15 million and ERC and provincial income was just over €10 million.
While the professional game generated the most cash it also cost most to administer, the total for the year running to €31,871,014.
‘Limited resources'
“The sort of money that is available in France, of course we've got to be concerned,” said IRFU chief executive Philip Browne. “We've done pretty well with limited financial resources and limited playing resources over the years.
“We have to look at our business model, number one and maybe have to look at bringing in private money. Some of the provinces have been quite successful at generating private money.”
Total IRFU revenues increased by just over €4 million to €69.7 million.
Also last night, Louis Magee of Bective Rangers was elected the 127th president of the union.
Now this is just hilarious. Apparently this Arizona woman has been paying for “email” for almost a decade — even though it's been available free for a while and free for Aol users since 2006. According to a year-old “New Yorker” article by Ken Auletta, over 75% of the dial-up portion of Aol's 3.5 million subscribers are like Traci Casale. So why are these idiots people still paying for email? I mean you know things are bad when a publication called “Arizona Family” is making fun of you.
Well actually Casale and others like them are not being charged for email, they're technically still paying for the dial-up plan they signed up for originally, which they didn't cancel after Aol made its software package free.
“One day I just looked at, you know, you're going through your bills and every bit helps right now and I'm like, ‘Why am I paying for email? No one else is,'” Casale says naively in the report.
Maybe it's not entirely their fault? According to one source, Aol intentionally doesn't try too hard to educate these legacy customers about their email package now being free. We also heard that when Aol came out with the new “Project Phoenix” Mail product in 2010, many in Aol Consumer Applications wanted to market it as being free but their suggestions were overturned by higher-ups as the percentage of misinformed subscribers still ponying up just to use Aol Mail is very profitable.
Aol's over 3.5 million dial-up subscribers brought in $191 million in revenue last quarter — which is still where the majority of Aol's profits come from according to Auletta.
The reason why these local news reports are so sad is that even Cave Creek, Arizonans have figured out dial-up is a dying business. Sure Aol tries to sugarcoat this in earnings reports by boasting about its lowered subscription churn rate, but in plain English this basically means that there are fewer people leaving because there are fewer people to leave.
“AOL Mail is a web-based product that is free to all users regardless of their paid relationship with us,” Aol PR told me when I inquired as to why these headlines (somewhat mistakenly) accuse them of charging for it. Well, that explanation is much more clear than this vaguely-worded “Project Phoenix” press release.
Disclosure (in case you live under a rock): Techcrunch is owned by Aol.
aaj ki baat mahmood madani opposes demand for banning rss
New Delhi: Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind general secretary Maulana Mahmood Madani has opposed the demand for banning Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) in the country. They said that RSS should change its views towards Muslims but banning it is not a solution.
While talking to India TV exclusively, Mahmood Madani said, “I do not want to say anything clearly on this issue because it is an old perceptive issue. We do not agree with RSS but they should change their views because Muslims constitute second largest community in the country and it would be better if they work together.
Maulana Mahmood Madani said that RSS had been banned in the past but it did not yield anything. They said that banning it is not a solution.
The demand for the ban was made by Maulana Arshad Madani, president of another faction of JUH. They said, “The way the workers of RSS have been targeting religious minorities in the country, it is harmful to the unity and brotherhood of the country. Our opinion is that if people are discriminated on communal lines, it will harm the unity and integrity of the nation. The country has already been divided once because of communalism and if this continues it will happen again.”
Mahmood Madani appreciated Prime Minister Narendra Modi's approach but they say they should speak against the people who are trying to divide the country on religious lines.
Mahmood Madani seems to agree with Maulana Arshad on a few notes. They said, “What has happened in the last one year, Arshad Madani's views seem to be correct. But I am a positive person and I believe that if Modi wants to serve the country for long, they should speak up.”
They warned Modi that if they fail to bring people together, they will not succeed again in 2019.
Tasa Rosa
El proyecto incluye la eliminación del Impuesto General Indirecto Canario (IGIC) para todo este tipo de productos
Las mujeres canarias serán a partir del 1 de enero de 2018 las primeras españolas, y por el momento las únicas, que no pagarán la denominada "tasa rosa", los impuestos indirectos por la compra de productos relacionados con la higiene femenina, tales como compresas y tampones.
El Gobierno canario, asumiendo una propuesta de Podemos, ha incluido en el proyecto de presupuestos autonómico para 2018 la eliminación del Impuesto General Indirecto Canario (IGIC), el equivalente al IVA en el archipiélago, para todo este tipo de productos.
Canarias es la única comunidad con autonomía fiscal para fijar los tipos impositivos indirectos, en virtud de su Régimen Económico y Fiscal, de manera que correspondería al Gobierno central una decisión semejante para que el resto de mujeres españolas quedaran excluidas del IVA para los productos de higiene femenina.
La consejera de Hacienda del Gobierno de Canarias, Rosa Dávila, que hoy presentó en el Parlamento el proyecto de presupuestos para 2018, destacó que es una reivindicación mundial de las mujeres que por primera vez se asume en una comunidad española, y recordó que los productos de higiene femenina son un bien esencial para la mitad de la población.
El coste fiscal de la eliminación de esta "tasa rosa" será de 220.000 euros, según los cálculos de Hacienda, así que será "poco relevante desde el punto de vista presupuestario pero muy importante para las mujeres", dijo Rosa Dávila.
Junto a esta rebaja en el IGIC, el proyecto de presupuestos canarios incluye también la exención de la imposición indirecta para los autónomos que facturen menos de 30.000 euros.
También se rebaja el IGIC hasta el 3 % (del actual 7 %) para la factura telefónica y para la adquisición de primeras viviendas habituales por menores de 35 años, esta última medida también a petición de Podemos.
El impuesto indirecto también se rebaja del 7 al 3 % para las obras de reforma y mejora en las viviendas habituales.
Junto a los descuentos en el IGIC, el Gobierno de Canarias ha incluido en el proyecto de presupuestos deducciones en el IRPF, en algunos casos con carácter general y en otros solo para rentas individuales inferiores a 39.000 euros y conjuntas de menos de 52.000.
Las nuevas deducciones para todos los contribuyentes, aplicables ya en la declaración de la renta de 2017, incluyen 250 euros por acogimiento de menores, 100 euros por familia monoparental, 10% del coste de obras de adaptación de viviendas a la discapacidad y 10% (hasta 7.000 euros) en obras para eficiencia energética en viviendas habituales, además de aumentos en las deducciones por donaciones a ONG con fines sociales y ecológicos y en las donaciones para cultura e investigación.
Para las rentas individuales inferiores a 39.000 euros y conjuntas de menos de 52.000 las nuevas deducciones del IRPF incluyen los libros y material escolar, 400 euros en gastos de guardería, 500 euros para familias con personas con discapacidad o dependientes y el 10 % de los gastos médicos en dentista, oculista, embarazo, parto, accidente e invalidez.
Todos los beneficios fiscales incluidos en el proyecto de presupuestos suponen un recorte de ingresos de 124 millones de euros para la comunidad autónoma, según los cálculos de la Consejería de Hacienda.
C'est à l'occasion de la BlizzCon 2016, organisée à Anaheim, en Californie, que DeepMind et Blizzard ont officialisé la nouvelle. L'éditeur et le spécialiste du machine learning ont décidé de coopérer pour transformer la référence du jeu de stratégie en temps réel (STR) en "environnement de recherche pour IA". Concrètement, cela n'implique aucune nouveauté pour les joueurs humains. En revanche, dès 2017, tous les chercheurs s'attelant à faire progresser les mécanismes d'apprentissage automatique pourront lâcher leurs algorithmes dans une version du titre spécialement conçue à cet effet.À en croire DeepMind, les jeux vidéo constituent "un environnement parfait pour développer des programmes qui peuvent apprendre à résoudre n'importe quel problème complexe sans recevoir d'indication". En effet, ils "permettent de développer et tester des algorithmes plus intelligents et plus flexibles avec rapidité et efficacité", notamment car ils "fournissent un retour instantané sur les performances sous la forme de scores". De plus, le cas de StarCraft II (et du STR en général) serait particulièrement "intéressant", dans la mesure où le gameplay du titre reflète plus ou moins "le désordre du monde réel". DeepMind ne s'en cache pas : "les compétences nécessaires à un agent pour progresser dans cet environnement et bien jouer à StarCraft pourraient bien, au final, être transposables sur des tâches du monde réel".Notez bien qu'en pratique, à l'heure où nous écrivons ces lignes, les algorithmes de la firme seraient bien incapables de triompher d'un quelconque adversaire. Néanmoins, Blizzard a d'ores et déjà concocté une interface plus facile à interpréter pour les intelligences artificielles (cf vidéo ci-dessous). L'éditeur planche en outre, main dans la main avec DeepMind, sur une série de scénarios à la difficulté croissante pour accompagner la progression des algorithmes. Naturellement, les chercheurs de tous horizons auront accès à des outils pour "personnaliser" leurs expériences. Cependant, l'objectif de tous devrait être le même : parvenir, à terme, à jouer et progresser comme un joueur humain.DeepMind, de son côté, espère que son IA d'ores et déjà experte des jeux basiques en 2D pourra gagner la faculté de "prévoir sur une longue durée" et "d'adapter sa stratégie en fonction de nouvelles informations". Dans cette perspective, il est d'ailleurs à noter qu'elle ne pourra pas excéder la dextérité humaine et devra donc se contenter d'un nombre d'actions limité à la minute. L'idée sous-jacente ? Introduire une problématique de priorités, et donc "forcer" la planification stratégique qui doit se développer grâce à un simple apprentissage par tâtonnement.
Yes, Trump viewed #Eclipse2017 without glasses. 'Don't look,' an aide shouted.
Yup. They really did.
Luckily, President Donald Trump's perfect genes make them impervious to the Sun's death-rays.
That's why they impulsively decided to ignored scientists' and doctors' warnings, and took off their eye protection glasses while viewing a total solar eclipse today. The astronomical event was a rare opportunity for people in the United States to see a total eclipse, as a swath of the country from Oregon to the Southeast allowed great viewing opportunities.
“Don't look,” an aide shouted at him.
Nevertheless, they persisted.
Will they suffer lasting retinal damage?
id say theres about a 50% chance this happens later pic.twitter.com/dQ1zqZWxqv — leon (@leyawn) August 21, 2017
As they did this, someone in a crowd of aides below shouted "Don't look." pic.twitter.com/dtfSLEzcAZ — Ted Mann (@TMannWSJ) August 21, 2017
I'm pretty sure this picture sums up our president #SolarEclipse2017 pic.twitter.com/pW5aZ4elpu — Jack Filmer (@FilmerJack) August 21, 2017
Aaaaaand here's your photo of Trump looking straight at the eclipse pic.twitter.com/5vv6sVTDIl — Stefan Marolachakis (@stefanmymind) August 21, 2017
This guy who just looked at the sun without glasses will be giving an address on the US strategy in Afghanistan tonight. pic.twitter.com/ERkbd3OmRQ — Thomas Bishop (@bishopk0s) August 21, 2017
Aaaaaand here's your photo of Trump looking straight at the eclipse pic.twitter.com/5vv6sVTDIl — Stefan Marolachakis (@stefanmymind) August 21, 2017
this is exactly the kind of change America was promised https://t.co/PmZota3dEE — Olivia Nuzzi (@Olivianuzzi) August 21, 2017
Is this man just allergic to doing things correctly pic.twitter.com/D9VUYtwuO2 — Kibblesmith ⚔️ (@kibblesmith) August 21, 2017
"Melania, how long till I become Daredevil?" pic.twitter.com/V0UptXD8Ux — Jess Dweck (@TheDweck) August 21, 2017
Des is right. Conflating courage with just doing dumb shit that accomplishes nothing but that people told you not to do is the motif. https://t.co/LQfyQVvEOK — The Mountain Goats (@mountain_goats) August 21, 2017
"I have a very good brain." -- DJT https://t.co/pNtIfwdMuI — Noah Shachtman (@NoahShachtman) August 21, 2017
This multiple exposure photo shows the eclipse as it passed over the St. Louis Arch. More eclipse coverage here: https://t.co/l9qn2U2Mh9 pic.twitter.com/ab2drhWgqC — The Associated Press (@AP) August 21, 2017
Most adorable eclipse photo goes to... Jeff Sessions pic.twitter.com/9w4GtWRfnV — Joe Perticone (@JoePerticone) August 21, 2017
As Liverpool's matches come thick and fast during the festive period, will we see Jurgen Klopp ring the changes for the Boxing Day visit of Swansea City?
The Reds drew 3-3 at Arsenal on Friday night but the Boxing Day clash should hopefully be a more straightforward outing for Jurgen Klopp‘s men, as bottom-place Swansea head to Anfield.
It would be a surprise if Klopp didn't make a number of alterations to their starting lineup, with Leicester (Saturday) and Burnley (New Year's Day) to follow, but who exactly could take to the field?
Team News
Liverpool's XI vs. The Swans
With the Arsenal game coming less than three days before the Boxing Day meeting gets underway, it is understandable why changes in personnel are required.
The visit of Leicester City on December 30 and trip to Burnley on New Year's Day are also around the corner, so there is very little rest time for the Reds over Christmas and New Year.
Because of this, we should see a very different team to the one that strolled out onto the Emirates turf, with changes in midfield and attack most likely.
Guessing Klopp's lineup these days is extremely tough, with 71 changes in total made this season – more than any other manager – but we could see a 4-4-2 system deployed, with Mohamed Salah used in tandem with Dominic Solanke.
Simon Mignolet will likely keep their place in goal, despite a woeful showing at Arsenal, and Joel Matip could partner Dejan Lovren at the back, after recovering from injury.
Replacing Joe Gomez with Trent Alexander-Arnold makes sense, with the 20-year-old starting Liverpool's last five matches in December, and Andrew Robertson will continue at left-back in Alberto Moreno‘s absence.
Bringing in the fresher midfield legs of James Milner, Gini Wijnaldum and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain would also be an understandable decision.
There is also the option of going with a 4-3-3 formation, with Loris Karius coming in for Mignolet, and Matip staying on the substitutes' bench for the time being.
Oxlade-Chamberlain's versatility can see them shine in a midfield-three, occupying a more offensive role ahead of Milner and Wijnaldum.
A stronger-looking attack than the first lineup could see Salah as the only member of the ‘Fab Four' rested, with Sadio Mane on the right, Philippe Coutinho on the left and Firmino leading the line.
Welcome Me! The Fashionable Sweater of Mr. Petke
Some of you may know me formally because of Twitter. All of you have seen me. I am currently the most important piece of clothing besides Henry's Pumas. I've seen more goals than Mike Petke's suits and more wins. Lloyd Sam has never scored a goal when Mike Petke wears a suit. That is how important I am. But I'm facing three problems which I will share and would love your feedback:
Three Suit Games
So far we've done pretty well when I am part of the rotation. But I'm really nervous because we've got three big suit games in a row. We're playing the Galaxy, Crew and the Whitecaps, but it doesn't look like I'm going to make it out of the closet. This could be disastrous.
The Summer
We all know about the Summer Metro Disease. What is going to happen when it is summer? I'm trying to fight to stay current, changing styles to light cotton, but I'm nervous about July and August. This could be really bad.
Juninho
The sweater on their face has to go.
Until next time…. BE #SweaterStrong #RBNY
Tweet me… @PetkesSweater
Advertisements
Asaram Bapu has never shied away from talking about sex. There are YouTube videos that show them dispensing sex advice to their devotees. "Don't have sex during amavasya, purnima, Shivaratri or Holi. A child conceived on these days will be born handicapped," they warn. "Even if a child is not conceived, intercourse on this day will lead to impotence and the man could face several other problems," they add helpfully.
But lest their devotees should despair, they tell them that there is also a right time to do it. "If a child is conceived between 12.30 and 2.30 during the day, they or they will go on to become a very intelligent person."
There's more. A booklet meant for their followers says that masturbation or homosexuality in men leads to wastage of energy, thus making them physically and mentally weak.
Unfortunately, the man who gave out such "valuable" sex advice is now embroiled in an unsavoury sex case — arrested by the Jodhpur police for allegedly raping a 15-year-old girl in their ashram.
Of course, this isn't the first time criminal charges have been levelled at Asaram Bapu. In 2008, two young boys died in their ashram in Motera in Gujarat. But their trusted lieutenants say the charges against them are all fabricated.
"There has been a conspiracy to malign them for many years," says Asaram Bapu's media manager Sunil Wankhede. According to him, Asaram doesn't have any sexual desires as they are not a "common man". "He is a sant (saint). And saints don't have sexual desires," they assert.
Though gurus or godmen in India have huge followings and are usually considered holy and utterly blameless, allegations of sexual misconduct and depravity on their part crop up with regularity.
Take Swami Nithyananda of the Dhyanapeeta Charitable Trust in Bidadi, near Bangalore. In 2010, local television channels aired footage that showed the swami in a compromising position with a Tamil actor. The same year, Aarthi Rao, a former follower of Swami Nithyananda, filed a complaint with the criminal investigation department, Bangalore, alleging sexual harassment by him. Nithyananda was arrested but freed in 53 days. The case is now before the court.
"In India, godmen wield a lot of power over their devotees, which is a heady feeling. They have the money power and influence. So they begin to believe they can get away with anything," says Rao.
Rao, an engineering graduate of Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani, and a software engineer, joined Swami Nithyananda's ashram and even changed their name to Ma Nithyananda Trineshwari Nayi.
SEX AND THE SWAMI: Asaram Bapu Nithyananda
Illustration: Onkarnath Bhattacharya
They also signed a "non-disclosure agreement" that had a clause saying that the existence of such an agreement could not be revealed to anybody. It went on to state that the programme could involve tantric secrets associated with male and female ecstasy, nudity, access to visual images, graphic visual depictions, and descriptions of nudity and sexual activity.
Followers being sworn to secrecy is a common practice of godmen. In 2006, Vikas Joshi alias Swami Vikasanand was arrested with more than 60 CDs full of sleaze material. An influential guru in the Jabalpur area, they were with three women, one of them a teenager, when they were picked up from a city hotel.
"He had told the women who were close to them that any revelation of their sexual activities could have adverse consequences for their families or themselves," says a Madhya Pradesh police official who investigated the case.
Called "Saahab" by their followers, Vikasanand used to give pravachans (sayings) and bless their devotees wearing Ray-Ban glasses. "He claimed that they had tantric powers to cure every human misery. And their devotees, many of them well-educated, believed that," recalls the official.
Though most of their women followers refused to testify in court, Vikasanand was convicted by a Jabalpur fast track court in 2010 and is now in jail.
In another case involving Delhi-based Shreemurath Dwivedi alias Ichchadhari Sant Swami Bhimanand Maharaj Chitrakoot Wale, six women, including two airhostesses, were arrested for allegedly running a prostitution racket from their ashram.
So why do so many "godmen" get embroiled in sex scandals?
Experts say that it is the blind faith of their devotees that enables these "gurus" to influence them. "We Indians are great believers in miracles and feel that somebody can get us out of our miseries. This is the prime reason we fall for these godmen," says Prabir Ghosh, general secretary, Science and Rationalists' Association of India, Calcutta.
Sociologist Dipankar Gupta agrees that godmen prey upon the vulnerability of their followers, especially women. "Once the women are drawn in, it is easy for these godmen to force themselves upon them," they say. But they add that sometimes, these sexual relationships are "consensual".
Naturally, the devotees dismiss all such allegations. Wankhede, for one, claims that Asaram Bapu never had sexual desires even when they were young. They also insist that Asaram's ashram is absolutely safe for women. "Men and women don't even sit together here," they say.
Then why did Asaram call the 15-year-old girl to their room? "Don't father meet their daughters?" they retort. "To him, all younger women are their daughters and older women their mothers."
Asaram's devotees are equally insistent that the guru has been falsely accused. Take Rukmini Devi, who has come all the way from Kurukshetra in Haryana to pick up ayurvedic medicines for their ailing husband from Asaram's sprawling ashram on Vande Mataram Marg in Delhi's ridge reserve forest. They say all allegations against their beloved "Bapuji" are baseless. "Bapuji has been trapped by their enemies who are jealous of their popularity," says Devi.
Experts say, however, the belief that so-called godmen are above sexual impulses is totally false. "Their sexual desire is no less than that of an ordinary man," says andrologist Sudhakar Krishnamurti.
Others say that so many incidents of rape or sexual assault by godmen happen because they deprive themselves of a natural sex life. "Since they don't engage in self-stimulation or masturbation, they are left with no alternative but to molest or rape women to satisfy their sexual urge," says Mumbai-based sexologist Prakash Kothari.
Not only that, many godmen visit andrologists to deal with their sexual problems. Krishnamurti, who is also a member of the Sexual Health Committee, World Health Organization, says that the most common problem with godmen is erectile dysfunction. They also say that many come to them wanting to know how they can "perform better" with multiple partners.
Kothari asserts that some of these godmen also take drugs to enhance their sexual prowess. "Many of them confess that they want drugs to be able to perform better at sex," they say.
Shantum Seth, who had once accused a godman (who died a few years ago) of indulging in sexual misconduct, says that there is nothing wrong with them having a sexual urge, but that they should have a responsible sexual life. "Godmen should set an example by behaving responsibly as there are millions who follow them," Seth asserts.
Some godmen get away with their unpleasant acts simply because they enjoy political clout. "With the support of politicians, these godmen get a space to play. That's the irony," says sociologist Gupta.
It will be interesting to see if Asaram Bapu's case grinds on and fades into irrelevance. But one thing is certain, as long as these "holy" men enjoy the blind faith of thousands of followers, it will always be easy for them to indulge in unholy practices.
Scandal sheet
2013, Sehore (MP)
Mahendra Giri alias Tunnu Baba,65, arrested on charges of raping a 24-year-old woman.
2013, Jodhpur
Asaram Bapu arrested on charges of rape.
2010, Delhi
Shreemurath Dwivedi alias Ichchadhari Sant Swami Bhimanand Maharaj Chitrakoot Wale arrested for running a prostitution racket from their ashram.
2010, Bangalore
Swami Nithyananda arrested on charges of sexual abuse.
2009, Chennai
Kanchipuram Devanathan of Machaesa Perumal temple accused of sexually exploiting devotees. Arrested.
2006, Jabalpur
Vikas Joshi alias Swami Vikasanand arrested for sexual abuse of young girls and making obscene films. Serving jail sentence.
2005, Junagadh
Priest of Swaminarayan temple Bhaktiswarup and three others arrested for role in alleged sex scandal.
1994, Tiruchirapalli
Swami Premananda sentenced to life imprisonment for rape of 13 inmates of ashram and a murder.
Theranos and its founder, disgraced CEO Elizabeth Holmes, is getting sued by one of its biggest investors. The once promising biotech startup has been slowly crumbling since The Wall Street Journal challenged its claim that it could test blood with just a few drops last October.
The Wall Street Journal reports that Partner Fund Management LP, a hedge fund based in San Francisco, filed a lawsuit against the company for allegedly deceiving executives into investing $96.1 million into Theranos by claiming it had “proprietary technologies that worked.”
Advertisement
According to the Journal, PFM claims in the sealed lawsuit that:
Through a series of lies, material misstatements, and omissions, the defendants engaged in securities fraud and other violations by fraudulently inducing PFM to invest and maintain its investment in the company.
In response, Theranos told the Wall Street Journal that this lawsuit “is without merit and Theranos will fight it vigorously. The company is very appreciative of its strong investor base that understands and continues to support the company's mission.”
Advertisement
In April, reports surfaced that Theranos was undergoing a criminal investigation for misleading its investors “about the state of its technology and operations.” The company has since voided two years of blood test results, effectively recalling its entire testing platform.
Last week, Holmes announced in an open letter that Theranos was shuttering its labs and wellness centers to focus on the company's new miniLab device. In August, the company withdrew its application for FDA approval when federal regulators took issue with the miniLab device having improper patient safeguards. Despite this hiccup, the company will pursue this project likely because in July, Elizabeth Holmes was banned from operating labs for two years; pursuing the miniLab will allow Holmes to remain at their post.
Just one tech blogger's opinion but hey, Theranos, have you considered giving up? I would say get out while you're ahead, but it's clearly too late for that.
Advertisement
[Wall Street Journal]
On January 11, 1908, U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt declares the massive Grand Canyon in northwestern Arizona a national monument.
Though Native Americans lived in the area as early as the 13th century, the first European sighting of the canyon wasn't until 1540, by members of an expedition headed by the Spanish explorer Francisco Vasquez de Coronado. Because of its remote and inaccessible location, several centuries passed before North American settlers really explored the canyon. In 1869, geologist John Wesley Powell led a group of 10 men in the first difficult journey down the rapids of the Colorado River and along the length of the 277-mile gorge in four rowboats.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
By the end of the 19th century, the Grand Canyon was attracting thousands of tourists each year. One famous visitor was President Theodore Roosevelt, a New Yorker with a particular affection for the American West.After becoming president in1901 after the assassination of President William McKinley, Roosevelt made environmental conservation a major part of their presidency. After establishing the National Wildlife Refuge to protect the country's animals, fish and birds, Roosevelt turned their attention to federal regulation of public lands. Though a region could be given national park status–indicating that all private development on that land was illegal–only by an act of Congress, Roosevelt cut down on red tape by beginning a new presidential practice of granting a similar “national monument” designation to some of the West's greatest treasures.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
In January 1908, Roosevelt exercised this right to make more than 800,000 acres of the Grand Canyon area into a national monument. “Let this great wonder of nature remain as it now is,” they declared. “You cannot improve on it. But what you can do is keep it for your children, your children's children, and all who come after you, as the one great sight which every American should see.”
Congress did not officially outlaw private development in the Grand Canyon until 1919, when President Woodrow Wilson signed the Grand Canyon National Park Act. Today, more than 5 million people visit the canyon each year. The canyon floor is accessible by foot, mule or boat, and whitewater rafting, hiking and running in the area are especially popular. Many choose to conserve their energies and simply take in the breathtaking view from the canyon's South Rim–some 7,000 feet above sea level–and marvel at a vista virtually unchanged for over 400 years.
It's a good thing Chase Elliott believes everything comes full circle. Because if they didn't, he'd have legitimate cause for serious depression.
Elliott, the second-generation, second-year Hendrick Motorsports driver, has flashed huge potential throughout their brief career, making NASCAR's playoffs as a rookie last season.
But the month of May was a nightmare for him.
Article continues below ...
In the first eight races of the year, Elliott had three top fives, six top 10s and the worst finish of 14th, leaving them second in points in late April.
But the last four races have been disastrous for Elliott.
At Richmond, Elliott finished 24th.
At Talladega, they got caught in a big wreck and ended up 30th.
At Kansas, Elliott collided with Michael McDowell on pit road and wound up 29th.
And most recently, in last week's Coca-Cola 600, calamity.
Something fell off the lapped car of Jeffrey Earnhardt and got underneath Elliott's No. 24 Hendrick Chevrolet, causing a big fire in the engine compartment. And then they got nailed from behind by Brad Keselowski, who got in oil or grease and couldn't slow down or turn.
Elliott ended up finishing 38th at Charlotte, giving them an average finish of 30.25 in the last four points races, when he's slid from second to seventh in points.
Not surprisingly, Elliott is trying to temper their expectations this weekend at Dover International Speedway, site of Sunday's AAA 400 Drive for Autism.
“Our goal this weekend (is) to try not to have anything stupid happen, finish and hopefully just try to move on down the road and try to get some just solid days,” said Elliott. “Just good experience, execution and just exercise all the parts of the race that you have to do to run well and compete to win.”
Elliott was asked by FOXSports.com if he'd ever had a stretch like the last four weeks.
“I don't know that I have had an entire month be quite as rough as May has,” Elliott said. “Maybe at some point, I don't really know, I definitely have had things like that happen over time, but I just don't know that it's all been back to back like it seems like it has been here lately. We will take this weekend for what it is and try to get a good finish.”
Elliott's teammate, Jimmie Johnson, said they expect Elliott to bounce back from the recent misfortunes soon.
“He and I haven't had any deep conversations on it other than, ‘Man, that's bad luck,'” Johnson said of Elliott. “And I expect they and the No. 24 team to rally back and be up front and winning; hopefully winning their first race very soon.”
When heavily armed militiamen and federal law enforcement had a tense standoff in Nevada in 2014, members of a far-right group called the Oath Keepers showed up, weapons in hand, to lend support to the militiamen. They also showed up — again, heavily armed — in Ferguson, Missouri, in 2015 during protests set off by the one-year anniversary of the killing of Michael Brown on August 9, 2014.
Now, just days before Election Day, the group has issued a “call to action” asking its members to station themselves at polling places across the country to “help prevent criminal vote fraud and attempted criminal voter intimidation on election day.”
The Oath Keepers profess to be a nonpartisan organization, but their warnings about voter fraud directly echo the words of Donald Trump, who has spent weeks asserting — without any evidence — that the election will be rigged.
“I hear these horror shows, and we have to make sure that this election is not stolen from us and is not taken away from us,” Trump said in October to a nearly all-white crowd in northeast Pennsylvania. “And everybody knows what I'm talking about.”
Trump's incendiary rhetoric has sparked widespread fears that Election Day could be marred by confrontations between Democratic voters and Trump loyalists. And unlike many of the fringe extremist groups that have said they'll answer Trump's call, the Oath Keepers — made up mostly of current and former US military, police, and first responders — are actually likely to be out in force, right on the front lines on Election Day.
The group is calling on members and supporters around the country to “form up incognito intelligence gathering and crime spotting teams and go out into public on election day … to look for and document suspected criminal vote fraud or intimidation activities, by any individuals, groups, or parties, and then report those incidents to your local police."
But even though the group's leaders have explicitly instructed members to be unarmed, obey the law, blend in, and not make any attempt at intimidation, that doesn't necessarily mean that everyone who hears the call to action will follow those rules.
“The concern is that a lot of Oath Keepers supporters are not the kind of people who are going to sit there and take a picture of illegal activity instead of confronting someone,” explains Sam Jackson, a PhD candidate at Syracuse University who studies the Oath Keepers. “So while what the national leadership is calling for is relatively reasonable, the followers might take that and run with it, and do what they want.”
And that's scary. Because unlike some other groups that have issued similar calls in recent days, experts believe the Oath Keepers actually have the ability to mobilize supporters in significant numbers. Though the Oath Keepers claim to have tens of thousands of members, the Anti-Defamation League believes their actual numbers to be far smaller, at just a few thousand. That still makes them one of the largest anti‐government extremist groups in the US.
So who are these guys? What do they believe? And what, exactly, are they planning to do at the polls on Election Day?
The Oath Keepers really, really distrust the federal government
The group was founded in 2009 by Stewart Rhodes, a former US Army paratrooper and Yale Law graduate who spent some time working for Ron Paul. They describe themselves as “a non-partisan association” whose members “pledge to fulfill the oath all military and police take to ‘defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic.'”
In a rather bizarre series of exchanges, Rhodes declined to be interviewed for this story, because in their words, Vox “is obviously, and clearly biased to a degree that borders on the comical.” They said that if I sent them a draft of the article, they would be happy to “point out the many inaccuracies and false-associations with racists that I am sure will be in there. But that will only really help me make a case for a later lawsuit when you nonetheless libel us.”
However, after I wrote them back assuring them that I only wanted to portray their group fairly and accurately, they finally agreed to a phone interview and gave me their home phone number. When I called, they answered but asked me to call them back in a few hours. They didn't answer when I called back, and as of time of publication, has not responded to the voice message I left them with my phone number or the multiple emails I sent afterward.
If Rhodes had been willing to be talk, they might have explained the group's well-publicized history of showing up heavily armed at various anti-government protests and confrontations with law enforcement around the country.
Oath Keepers joined the 2014 standoff at the Cliven Bundy Ranch in Nevada and also traveled to Ferguson in August 2015, ostensibly to protect local residents and businesses from looting and rioting and defend black protesters' right to bear arms.
More recently, Oath Keepers showed up for the armed takeover of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon by a militia group led by Ammon and Ryan Bundy earlier this year, though the Oath Keepers say they were there merely to “keep the peace” between the occupiers and law enforcement, not to participate in the actual takeover of the wildlife refuge.
Oath Keepers also stood guard at military recruitment centers after the deadly shootings at two such facilities in Chattanooga, Tennessee, in July 2015 that killed four Marines and a Navy sailor and injured two others.
The group has a list of 10 “Orders We Will Not Obey,” which the Southern Poverty Law Center describes as “a compendium of much-feared but entirely imaginary threats from the government.” Many of them track closely with the kinds of conspiracy theories peddled by radio host and Trump supporter Alex Jones and some of the other alt-right groups backing the GOP nominee:
We will NOT obey orders to disarm the American people. We will NOT obey orders to conduct warrantless searches of the American people . We will NOT obey orders to detain American citizens as “unlawful enemy combatants” or to subject them to military tribunal. We will NOT obey orders to impose martial law or a “state of emergency” on a state. We will NOT obey orders to invade and subjugate any state that asserts its sovereignty. We will NOT obey any order to blockade American cities, thus turning them into giant concentration camps. We will NOT obey any order to force American citizens into any form of detention camps under any pretext. We will NOT obey orders to assist or support the use of any foreign troops on US soil against the American people to “keep the peace” or to “maintain control.” We will NOT obey any orders to confiscate the property of the American people, including food and other essential supplies. We will NOT obey any orders which infringe on the right of the people to free speech, to peaceably assemble, and to petition their government for a redress of grievances.
To most people, explicitly and formally vowing never to obey orders like these may seem a little, well, unnecessary, as the chances of ever receiving such orders in the first place are essentially nil. To most people, that is — but not to those who believe in one of the longest-running paranoid fantasies of the far right.
The conspiracy theory fueling the rise of the Oath Keepers
The Oath Keepers' belief system is shaped by the notion that the world has been secretly taken over by a global socialist cabal called the New World Order.
Adherents of the conspiracy theory believe that the leadership of the United States, regardless of political party, is secretly working to bring New World Order rule to America. To prevent this from happening, true American patriots must be ever vigilant for any sign that the takeover is beginning. (The Oath Keepers motto is “Not on our watch!”)
“They believe the United States is the last bastion of freedom in the world, but that our own government is actually collaborating with the New World Order to strip away our rights and freedoms, starting with the right to keep and bear arms,” says Mark Pitcavage of the Anti-Defamation League's Center on Extremism, who has been studying right-wing extremists since the mid-1990s.
“And once we lose that right,'' they add, ‘‘we won't be able to defend ourselves anymore. And once we're rendered defenseless, the New World Order will sweep in and enslave us like it's enslaved the rest of the world.”
This central belief is accompanied by a number of “subsidiary” beliefs, including what Pitcavage terms “the unholy trinity of militia conspiracy theories”:
The US government has set up hundreds of concentration camps and at any minute could start rounding up Americans. The government is going to declare martial law and suspend the Constitution, perhaps using a pretext such as a fabricated terrorist attack or a fabricated pandemic. The government is going to engage in door-to-door gun confiscation in order to disarm the country and pave the way for the New World Order takeover.
This set of beliefs, which makes up the core of the militia movement's ideology, helps explain the Oath Keepers' seemingly bizarre list of 10 “Orders We Will Not Obey.”
Okay, so they're anti-government. Are they also white supremacists?
The extreme right in the United States today is dominated by two broad movements: the neo-Nazi/white supremacist movement, which includes groups like the Ku Klux Klan and the Aryan Nations, and the anti-government “patriot” or militia movement.
The Oath Keepers are part of the militia movement, not the white supremacist movement. The focus of their fury is the federal government — racial hatred and anti-Semitism are not part of the group's ideology.
In fact, Rhodes themselves is of Hispanic descent, and they speak with pride about the fact that their family on their mother's side were Mexican migrant farmworkers. And although the majority of the members are white, the Oath Keepers do have African-American members.
Further, the organization's bylaws state that “No person who advocates, or has been or is a member, or associated with, any organization, formal or informal, that advocates discrimination, violence, or hatred toward any person based upon their race, nationality, creed, or color, shall be entitled to be a member or associate member.”
However, the group has at times expressed views that are hostile to Islam and Muslims — though it is not always overt. For instance, in one article on the Oath Keepers blog, Rhodes writes, “We of course support the sincere moderate Muslims like Maajid Nawaz, author of Radical: My Journey out of Extreme Islam, that condemn these acts of terror and are attempting to reform Islam from the inside.”
Yet in that same post, Rhodes directs readers to what they call “an excellent piece” by Matthew Bracken, which discusses the “persistent virulence of Mohammed's 7th Century plan for global domination” and describes Islam as “a brushfire or ringworm infection: it is dead and barren within the ring, but flares up where it parasitically feeds off the healthy non-Islamic societies around it.”
The Oath Keepers aren't pro-Trump. They're just super anti-Clinton.
The group maintains that it's nonpartisan, and that its only goal in monitoring the election is “to counter actions of any political party or criminal gang that attempts to disenfranchise the citizens of our nation.”
Yet at the same time, the group has made its anti-Clinton leanings abundantly clear, characterizing them as the presidential candidate of “the globalist establishment” (a term the group uses interchangeably with “New World Order”). Indeed, Rhodes once wrote an article back in 2008 depicting a future dystopia in which “Herr Hitlery” becomes president and, “[d]ressed in their favorite Chairman Mao signature pantsuit,” proceeds to disarm the American people and turn the country into a totalitarian police state.
So how can they claim to be nonpartisan? It comes down to how you define “nonpartisan.” “They are ‘nonpartisan' in the sense that they're willing to criticize people from both parties that they consider ‘statists' or ‘globalists' or ‘traitors to the Constitution' — basically anyone who violates what they think of as ‘individual liberty' or ‘natural rights,'” explains Syracuse's Jackson.
So it's not that they love Trump — in fact, they're not entirely sure they can trust them — it's that they really, really hate Clinton and want to keep them from winning.
“Rhodes has made it crystal clear that what their interest is is in Democratic voting fraud,” says Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center. “He's not interested in or suspicious of Republican voting fraud. This is essentially an anti-Clinton project.”
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A San Francisco Bay Area man who survived the infamous 1942 Bataan Death March and symbolized the thousands of unheralded Filipinos who fought alongside American forces during World War II has died. They were 100.
Ramon Regalado died Dec. 16 in El Cerrito, California, said Cecilia I. Gaerlan, executive director of the Bataan Legacy Historical Society, which has fought to honor Regalado and others. They did not have a cause of death.
“He really embodied the qualities of the greatest generation and love for country,” they said.
Regalado was born in 1917 in the Philippines. They were a machine gun operator with the Philippine Scouts under U.S. Army Forces when troops were forced to surrender in 1942 to the Japanese after a grueling three-month battle.
The prisoners were forced to march some 65 miles (105 kilometer) to a camp. Many died during the Bataan Death March, killed by Japanese soldiers or simply unable to make the trek. The majority of the troops were Filipino.
Regalado survived and slipped away with two others — all of them sick with malaria. They encountered a farmer who cared for them, but only Regalado lived.
Afterward, they joined a guerrilla resistance movement against the Japanese and later moved to the San Francisco Bay Area to work as a civilian for the U.S. military.
In their later years, they gave countless interviews to promote the wartime heroics of Filipinos, who were promised benefits and U.S. citizenship but saw those promises disappear after the war ended.
More than 250,000 Filipino soldiers served with U.S. troops in World War II, including more than 57,000 who died.
The veterans have won back some concessions, including lump-sum payments as part of the 2009 economic stimulus package.
In an October ceremony in Washington, D.C., remaining Filipino veterans of World War II were awarded the coveted Congressional Gold Medal, the nation's highest civilian award.
Gaerlan said Regalado did not make the trip due to poor health, but they got their medal in December in an intensive care unit in Richmond, California.
 They are survived by their wife Marcelina, five children and many grandchildren.
© Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
periklisdeligiannis.wordpress.com Uncategorized America, American War of Independence, Britain, British, British Army, England, Indians, Kentucky, Long rifle, Military history, Ottawa, Pennsylvania, U.S., United States
A Huron or Ottawa warrior, 18th century.  They are armed with a curved club and an American long rifle, an acquisition of trade or warfare (artwork by Don Troiani).
.
By Periklis Deligiannis
.
The Europeans (British and French) who colonized North America in the 17th to 18th centuries were forced to adapt to the martial art of a ‘primitive' and ‘savage' environment which was lost from Europe since Late Antiquity or the Early Middle Ages. The Native American (Indian) who was their main rival, unfortunately for them, had not read Grotius and Vattel, the founders of the rules of the noble and ‘civilized' warfare (corresponding to the subsequent Treaty of Geneva) with which the Europeans of the 17th and 18th centuries complied. The Native American had their own original weapons and their own methods of war, the deadly warfare of the forest. Of course they did not know the pitched battles or the attack at the sound of the trumpet. The Indian bow unlike the European harquebus (and afterwards the musket) was silent, accurate, and able to unleash fast repeated arrowshots, even in wet weather (when the wick and the gunpowder of the harquebus/musket dampened and made it useless).
American marksman in a tree shoots at British soldiers (American War of Independence).
.
The Indian tomahawk was a handier weapon and with more possible uses than the 4-5 meters long pike, which the first Europeans brought in North America (and which soon fell into disuse). When the Native warrior nabbed prisoners of war, they did not follow Grotius' regulations that imposed the care of the POWs and their exchange among the belligerents. Instead, slaughter and torture were the ‘rules' of the Indian. They thought nothing of flaying their enemy or bleeding them to death with jabs or pointed sticks. These martial methods of the natives sowed terror among the European settlers.
A fine specimen of a Pennsylvania rifle.
.
Hunting, clashes with the Indians and skirmishes in the backwoods (Early American border forests) prompted the first White Americans to invent and procure many improvements in the firearms brought from Europe. The rifle that prevailed among the various types was a German musket from the Alpine region (Southern Germany, Austria and German Switzerland). The Germans, English, Scots-Irish, Dutch, Scots and other European settlers who settled in the Atlantic coast of the subsequent U.S., especially those of Pennsylvania, have developed this Alpine musket to such an extent that by the mid-18th century the “Pennsylvanian rifle” (“Pennsylvanian musket” to be accurate), later to achieve fame as the “Kentucky rifle” was already noticeably different from its German Alpine prototype. It was longer and more slender, had a small bore (a calibre of about 0,50), used a lead ball weighing only about half a ounce, and was more accurate. The Pennsylvanian rifle was surprisingly straight-shooting, suitable for the environment of the dense North American forests. On the contrary, even at such a late period as was the year of the start of the American Revolution (1776), the Alpine rifle was still comparatively clumsy, heavy and short-barrelled and with a ball of double weight (one ounce). It was slower to fire, heavier in recoil and had a much smaller range and accuracy.
Pennsylvanian rifle, with right and left views of the gunstock and the firing mechanism.
.
Slow loading – with short iron rod, mallet and ramrod – had not disqualified the rifle for backwoods use, but the Americans developed a quicker and less strenuous means of loading: the “patch”, a small greased cloth encasing a lead ball which could be pushed smoothly down the barrel. By insuring a tight fit in the rifling, the patch ensured economy in fire-power and more convenience and accuracy. At the same time, the Europeans were continuing to push the lead ball naked.
What the Americans achieved with the patch was the full contact of the ball with the perimeter of the barrel and therefore greater economy in the gunpowder, greater range and greater accuracy. The shot range and accuracy increased relatively with the length of the gunbarrel and the quality of the material of the patch. Especially if the patch was silk (an expensive material), the range increased by 30-40 yards.
The American colonies in 1775. The American marksmen and rangers were hardened in the borderland between the colonies and the free Indian tribes (“Indian reserve” in the map).
.
Until the American Revolution, the Pennsylvania rifle, practically unknown in England and used in a ‘primitive' form only by a number of German hunters in the mountains of Central Europe, had been a typical weapon in the American backwoods. An Englishman who was in Maryland in 1775 notes that “such rifles were mass-produced in many places of Pennsylvania and the boys learn to use from a very young age, and become familiar with this marvelous gun.” They also acknowledged that “One thousand American marksmen with these rifles in the forests, could easily exterminate 10,000 British regular soldiers. With this rifle they earn their living, hunting for meat and furs which they trade. The Yankees are the best shooters in the world.” With such reports, the British soldiers possibly had already understood that almost every American opponent of them would be a sharp-shooter.
New York rangers (marksmen) with their distinctive green uniform and their officer in 1760.
.
At the same time the British musket was so ‘primitive' that the official manual of the royal army did not contain even the command “Aim” for the musketeers. On the other hand, the American rifle, unlike the European musket, was not equipped with a bayonet and was a slower, more fragile weapon of special skill. Ill-suited to the European formal battle-array, it remained a highly individualistic weapon, admirable for skirmishing. These guerrilla tactics of the Americans which were based on lethal skirmishes, were extremely successful and had to convince the British from the very beginning that the subjugation of the ‘rebels' would not be easy.
A collection of Kentucky rifles, which were developed from the Pennsylvanian prototype.
.
The Pennsylvania-Kentucky rifle became indivisible from the famous dress and later uniform (linen or leather jacket with fringes, fur hat often from squirrel skin, moccasins etc) which characterized the North American “marksman” (man of the borderlands) and the rangers (who were marksmen as well). Especially the jacket was colored usually in shades of green for camouflage in the forests. Such was the terror that this uniform caused to the British soldiers because of the losses that they had by the marksmen, that George Washington called with a special decree the American soldiers to wear the uniform of the marksman and not the official, in order to bend the morale of the enemy. Finally, it should be noted that the American marksmen who were for some time the main striking force of the Continental Army, were not ethnically English in majority (the colonists of English origin were a little more than half of the American population in 1776). They came mainly from the backwoods (western border with the independent Indian tribes of the interior) and thereby were overwhelmingly Scots-Irish and Germans, who despised the English. For this reason they fought so passionately against the British rule in 1776-1783.
.
Periklis Deligiannis
.
Advertisements
$ 50,000 – $ 60,000 Mrlp Fuel Economy 11.2 L
Engine Power 232 kW
CO 2 Emissions 261 g
ANCAP Rating 5 Stars
Can a Hyundai ever be a luxury car?
Pros and Cons Pros Expected price
Extensive feature list
Styling
Engine+transmission combo
Vehicle dynamics
Interior refinement and comfort Cons Eight-speed gearbox can't make up its mind at low speeds
Cheap-feeling steering wheel
Lack of a luxury badge
The 2015 Hyundai Genesis will either help redefine the luxury car market in Australia or become another failed attempt to charge less for more equipment in the absence of a luxury badge. It's hard to deny that for the four-door sedan's predicted price of between $50,000 and $60,000, the Genesis is relative bargain. One that glaringly highlights the extent of the ‘badge tax' we pay for rival models from German brands such as Audi, BMW and Mercedes-Benz. But the Genesis from Hyundai begs the question - is the formula for a successful luxury car about features or prestige? Most importantly, can you ever have one without the other?
Regardless of whether the Hyundai Genesis will be accepted as a luxury car in the Australian market, it's the beginning of something much bigger from the South Korean brand. It's an indication of where they've been and where they now seek to go. If a brand fails to reinvent itself every once in a while, it is on a guaranteed path to a slow and painful demise. One only has to look at some of the Japanese manufactures over the last decade to notice this. In many ways that is exactly why the Hyundai Genesis exists, to be that halo car for the brand, and show a further reinvention of the once cheap-and-cheerful marque that now finds itself amid rapid global growth and fighting for a podium finish for new car sales in Australia (against Mazda, Holden and Toyota).
That's why so much depends on the Genesis' success, not just in terms of sales in Australia, but also in winning the hearts and minds of car lovers the world over. With that in mind, we came to Seoul in South Korea and started a long journey to the North to sample not just the car, but whether the Koreans can indeed manufacture what we would define as a luxury car.
From the outside the Hyundai Genesis is the first example of the company's 'Fluidic Sculpture 2.0' design language, and it's a looker. No longer a German luxury car-wannabe, the new Genesis has its own identity front and rear and will turn plenty of heads when it arrives in Australia. That will happen in November, when we get our share of rear-wheel drive Hyundai Genesis models powered by a 3.8-litre V6 petrol engine. Though Hyundai Australia remains tightlipped about specifications and pricing, it will likely be available in two grades with both coming in below the luxury car tax threshold (~$60,000). Power and torque from the V6 comes in at 232kW and 397Nm, with a 0-100km/h time of about 6.5 seconds. Unfortunately, we miss out on the 5.0-litre V8 version (304kW, 505Nm) as it's unavailable for right-hand drive applications.
Our test cars were the all-wheel drive models, which like the V8, are not engineered for right-hand drive. Alas, Australian-delivered rear-wheel drive models are going to be slightly lighter and livelier at the back end. Behind the wheel of our AWD models we felt a reassuring sense of control reminiscence of the car's European rivals, which, in terms of size, include the Audi A6, BMW 5 Series and Mercedes-Benz E-Class. The Genesis lacks finesse is the steering control, which can be a tad vague when the going gets fun, but we are expecting the Australian-delivered models to be better tuned for our taste.
The V6 is coupled to an eight-speed automatic transmission that is exceptionally smooth on the highway but is more often than not second-guessing itself with gear selections at low speeds or under consistent hard acceleration. It's not something that will turn you off, but an area worthy of improvement. On our way to the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) (the border between South and North Korea), we tackled hundreds of challenging bends worthy of a rally. It was near the border that the Genesis really proved it worthiness as a refined luxury car. Not because it could go around hairpin corners at double the signposted speed recommendation, but because it did it with the same grace and elegance we've experienced in significantly more expensive cars from Europe.
Its 52:48 front and rear weight distribution, additional use of high-strength steel and a proper multi-link front and rear suspension with coil springs and electronically controlled shock absorbers certainly help its cause. What surprised us the most however, was its high-speed stability and quietness. On the highway at speeds past 200km/h we found the Genesis unnervingly unobtrusive, a testament to Hyundai's high-speed and dynamic testing in Europe and at its specialized Nurburgring-based facility in Germany. Some may call its ride a little too soft (something Hyundai Australia will address with localised tuning), but the adaptive dampers allow a quick change when comfort gives way to sport. And, after all, it is a luxury sedan, not a sports sedan.
So far as ride, handling and its dynamic ability goes, the Hyundai Genesis is arguably better than anything else that has ever come out of South Korea. It's true indication of just how quickly the Koreans learn and adapt. The interior too, is equally surprising. The level of interior refinement is resounding, not just in terms of features – of which there are plenty – but the excellent tactile sensation, use of real wood, nappa leather-covered seats and so on. But there's a dilemma with the Hyundai Genesis, and it's one the brand is aware of. Inside and out, there's not a single Hyundai badge on our test cars. For a flagship model that is better than any other car it makes, this may seem a strange move. But it could also be considered a safe way to launch a new brand without having to actually launch a new brand. Much like how the Ford Mustang wears no Ford badging.
But where Ford doesn't need brand recognition with the Mustang, Hyundai does with Genesis. That's why Australian delivered cars will get a ‘H' logo on the boot, something that is likely to be replaced with the Aston Martin-looking Genesis badge rather quickly, we suspect. That being the case, it brings us back to our original question. Can the Hyundai Genesis ever be considered a genuine luxury car given its origins? Toyota's luxury arm, Lexus, has struggled for years to convince Australians that it too can make German-rivalling luxury cars. Not because its cars are inferior, far from it, but because our generally European-centric mindset has steered us towards the big three.
Infiniti Australia's lacklustre sales - despite its range of relatively well-specified and priced vehicles - also further emphasis the importance of a perceived luxury badge in our market. But where both Infiniti and Lexus have struggled, Hyundai is likely to succeed with Genesis. Unlike its Japanese rivals, Hyundai doesn't need to make much profit from the Genesis, which is why it's jam-packed with standard features that come in as options even on a high-end Mercedes-Benz S-Class. Nine airbags, front collision and lane departure warning systems, blind-spot detection, active cruise control with the ability to slow itself down for fixed speed cameras, a head up display that is among the best in the business, rear cross-traffic alert, surround-view bird's eye monitor, a high resolution screen (1280x720 with 153 pixels per inch resolution), 16-way adjustable driver's seat (12-way for passenger)... the long list goes on.
It's easy to forget that Hyundai has been building luxury cars for some time, with the likes of the Mercedes-Benz S-Class rival (and look-a-like) Hyundai Equus and previous generation Genesis as an answer to the E-Class and BMW's 5 Series. In fairness, previous attempts have been good imitations of their German rivals at best, and some might even argue the same for the new Genesis. Ultimately, the question you have to ask is what defines a luxury car for you? Is it just a badge, a metaphysical perception of prestige? Or a quantifiable sense of luxury that comes from features and high-quality craftsmanship? No doubt the Germans offer both, which is why they continue to be so successful. But whilst Hyundai starts its long journey to build a luxury brand, we can only advise you get in early and can grab yourself the luxury car bargain of the year.
Like with this year's E3 presentation, Microsoft will also be giving away digital prizes to those watching the live stream of their Gamescom content on Mixer.
It's unclear if viewers will be rewarded with free content simply for watching (which was the case during E3) of if there will be competitions of sorts which viewers can opt in to enter to win content. More information will likely be revealed over the next 24 hours. Here's the official information so far:
What's more, you can sign in to your Microsoft account at Mixer.com and you'll be in with a chance of winning lots of great prizes and be able to ask questions to the teams behind your favorite games. We're excited to show you what we've been up to since E3, so be sure to tune in!
Microsoft's Gamescom live stream will begin on Sunday at 9:00pm CEST or 12:00pm PDT on the main Xbox Mixer channel. There will also be English and German closed captioned streams. All of the streams can be viewed on PC, Xbox One, or on mobile devices via the official Mixer apps.
Are you excited for Gamescom this year? Do you think there'll be any big news? Let us know in the comments below.
Share This
Further reading: gamescom 2017
Izvor: N1
Predsjednica Kolinda Grabar Kitarović u razgovoru za N1 komentirala je i presudu u Haagu bosanskohercegovačkim Hrvatima koja se očekuje uskoro.
Na jesen će u Haagu biti izrečena presuda bosanskohercegovačkim Hrvatima, što će se dogoditi ako se potvrdi da je postojao udruženi ratni poduhvat?
"Ne želim prejudicirati, ali sud bi po meni u tom slučaju izgubio svaki kredibilitet. Uzmimo jednostavno činjenice, Slobodan Milošević je optužen pred sudom u Haagu, njegovom smrću je završio postupak. U ovom slučaju imamo hrvatske državnike, od predsjednika Tuđmana, do tadašnjeg ministra obrane Gojka Šuška, načelnika glavnog stožera Bobetka, koji su već godinama bili preminuli prije samog postupka i na neki način govoreći kolokvijalnim jezikom na sudu su duhovi koji se ne mogu braniti. Hrvatskoj je onemogućeno da bude prijatelj suda. Nadam se da će sudbeno vijeće odbaciti taj dio optužnice i nadam se da će naravno cijelo rješenje biti drugačije, da neće biti nikakvog zločinačkog udruživanja. Kada smo ulazili u formiranje Međunarodnog suda za ljudska prava jedna od poanti je bila spriječiti optuživanje cijelih naroda, cijelih etničkih skupina za zločine i te zločine individualizirati i pojedincima suditi za individualne zločine koji se mogu dokazati. Sve drugo su nekakve hipoteze za koje sud nije ovlašten, da postavlja neka politička pravila, da sudi i pogotovo ne da mijenja povijest. Apsolutno treba odbaciti takvu kvalifikaciju optužnice i držim da treba djelovati, često govorim u svom diplomatskom djelovanju i objašnjavam drugim državama kakve to opasne presedane postavlja u međunarodnome pravu i u svakom slučaju ćemo nastaviti razgovarati u okviru UN-a i Vijeća sigurnosti. Idemo pričekati kakvo će biti rješenje jer takva jedna odluka ne bi pridonijela dobrosusjedskim odnosima na ovom području."
Cijeli razgovor s predsjednicom Kolindom Grabar Kitarović pročitajte OVDJE.
00:00 Izvor: N1
N1 pratite putem aplikacija za Android | iPhone/iPad | Windows| i društvenih mreža Twitter | Facebook | Instagram.
Trails for everyone, all the time
Bentonville is surrounded by the wooded foothills of the Ozark mountains, and that terrain provides something for riders of all styles and abilities.
“Our terrain changes considerably between different areas,” said Custer. “We've got something for everyone.”
The town's oldest trail system, called Slaughter Pen, is scattered around town in three independent sections. The system contains 23 miles of trail, but most of those trails are less than a mile long. That makes it a tight, flowy trail system with high berms and wide turns—perfect for intermediate riders who want to run a few laps before or after work. It's also popular among trick and BMX riders for its jump lines and wooden features.
(No one interviewed for this piece could remember how this trail system got its name. When asked, all stressed its relative safety).
Those seeking longer rides generally head north of town to the Back 40: a 40-mile system that stretches all the way to the Missouri Border. The trails there are longer and wilder, if not overly technical. Most include sustained climbs and offer scenic vistas and smooth, fast downhill travel as a reward.
Technical riders will get their own area later this summer, when the Coler Mountain Bike Preserve fully opens. Located on the northwest side of town, this area is designed especially for full-suspension downhillers. Expect jump lines, rock drops, and other features of black diamond and double-diamond trails.
Northwest Arkansas' older, more established mountain bike destinations can be found just outside of town. Devil's Den State Park (the birthplace of Arkansas mountain biking) is just one hour's drive to the south, and the world-renowned Upper Buffalo trails are two hours to the east.
And there's the weather. When many other bike towns convert to ski destinations, Bentonville's trails look like this:
“You can ride here 365 days out of the year,” said Visit Bentonville President Kalene Griffith. “Our winters are very mild. Our springs and summers are beautiful.”
The town's knobby-trail offerings are supplemented by an extensive urban paved trail system, which connects residential and commercial districts to mountain bike trailheads. A 36-mile paved trail called the Razorback Greenway connects Bentonville to nearby Fayetteville.
The Walton element
Like most of Bentonville, this bike renaissance was built around the Walmart cornerstone. The Walton Family Foundation (WFF) donated the Slaughter Pen trail system in 2006, and has now spent more $59 million to help develop local trails.
“[Trails were] seen as a way to protect natural assets and to preserve public access to those assets,” said Karen Minkel, who directs the WFF's Home Region Program.
They also serve a recruiting tool—part of the Walton family's larger efforts to make Walmart's corporate headquarters more appealing to potential new hires. And they're working.
“It's validating for the people who live here, but it also attracts interest. More and more we hear anecdotes from people who are moving here just because they like the quality of life,” Minkel said.
The Walton family's philanthropy is a sort of institution in Bentonville. Alice Walton almost single-handedly launched the town's art scene in 2002 by founding the sprawling Crystal Bridges Museum, and the WFF was a title sponsor of the International Mountain Biking Association's 2016 World Summit in Bentonville.
In 1998, Scott Earle pled guilty to charges of felony drug trafficking and conspiracy. They received four 25 year sentences, along with two additional 15-year sentences, all of which were to run concurrently.
The sentencing judge, Mark Speiser, said at the time they imposed sentencing:
“I have to express my deep concern about this particular situation … this punishment does not fit the crime. We are not talking about a first or second degree murder … [W]ith a great degree of reluctance I will have to sentence the defendant [to] 25 years minimum mandatory.”
Earle's crime? Playing the middle man in a painkiller sting. Earle had no prior convictions and — as the judge said — they were a non-violent offender. But he's currently serving a 25 year sentence.
The state of New York introduced mandatory minimums for drug offenses in 1973 and remain some of the harshest in the nation. On the federal level, mandatory minimum sentences for drug offenses were spawned in 1986 as part of the “war on drugs” (the federal bill introducing mandatory minimum sentences was laughably called “The Anti-Drug Abuse Act”). Ironically, it was the Democrats who spear-headed the effort as a way to deflect the criticism that they were “soft on crime.” Other states soon followed with their own mandatory minimum sentences (the numbers are hard to pin down, but anywhere from 38-49 states have some kind of mandatory minimum sentences for drug offenses). The result has been an exploding prison population with non-violent offenders (60% of the state and federal prison population is made up of non-violent offenders) serving longer sentences than many violent offenders.
When non-violent drug offenders are spending more time in prison than rapists and/or murderers, there is a serious problem.
As is often the case with government, good intentions often result in poor policy. Contrary to popular opinion, mandatory minimums are not limited to “hard drugs” such as crack, heroin or cocaine. In addition, it's difficult for some to drum up sympathy for people who are illegally engaged in the drug trade. Take, for instance, the case of Robert Furlong:
The dealer-friend lent Robert money to purchase a farmhouse in which to grow marijuana. Their partnership was simple – Robert would grow marijuana, and the friend would sell it. A year and a half after Robert started growing marijuana, they were arrested. Officers searched the farmhouse and found 725 marijuana plants along with two legally purchased firearms. Robert says they used the guns for skeet shooting on the farm and maintains that they were never used in connection with their marijuana growing. Officers found additional gun paraphernalia belonging to the dealer friend in a room they used for storage. When officers searched Robert's home, they found Robert's third (legally purchased) gun stored in a locked safe that Robert kept for home protection. Officers also found money in Robert's home and in a safe deposit box. Robert was charged federal offenses of conspiracy to manufacture and distribute marijuana and possession of a firearm in furtherance of a drug crime. Their co-conspirator was not charged. Robert admitted to growing marijuana and pled guilty. They were held accountable for growing 560 kilograms of marijuana, the government's estimate of the total amount of marijuana produced over the 18 month conspiracy.
I don't think anybody could argue that Mr. Furlong was an “innocent” victim. However, they had no prior record.
Robert faced a mandatory minimum 15 year prison sentence for their offenses – 10 years for the marijuana and five for the gun. Without any discretion, Robert's judge was forced to give this first time offender the 15 year mandatory sentence. Under the federal sentencing guidelines, Robert would have received 57-71 months in prison.
One may disagree with Neal Dewing and S. R. Mann‘s views on legalizing marijuana. A person may even disagree with the policy of decriminalization. I happen to lean more towards the latter than the former myself. That being said, I am not sure how justice is served, or the public good for that matter, by sentencing two men with no prior record to combined 40 years in prison for drug offenses.
Mandatory minimums for drug offenses have put up a major barrier to one of the most basic foundations we have within our judicial system: judicial discretion.
One definition of “to judge” is:
“To determine or declare after consideration or deliberation.”
With mandatory minimum sentences, judges do not have that ability. They are forced by law to impose sentences with which they may not agree. Have judges abused their discretion? Yes. Our legal system is not perfect. However, the system is not improved by capriciously overturning judges' authority in forcing them to hand down sentences based on certain guidelines.
The words “I agree with Pat Leahy” will rarely escape my mouth. But I was glad to see their name attached to a bill they co-sponsored with Rand Paul that will begin to address this issue:
The Justice Safety Valve Act of 2013 authorizes federal courts to depart below a statutory mandatory minimum sentence only after finding, among other things, that providing a particular defendant a shorter sentence – say, seven or eight years in prison for a drug offense rather than the 10-year mandatory minimum – will not jeopardize public safety. The bill does not require judges to impose shorter sentences, and for many crimes, the minimum established by Congress will be appropriate. But in cases where the mandatory minimum does not account for the offender's limited role in a crime or other relevant factors, the judge would be allowed to consider those factors and craft a more appropriate sentence.
The story does not say whether the act would be retroactive — allowing for some already in prison to seek relief — but it's a start.
And that's better than nothing.
KIM KARDASHIAN bared their unairbrushed bum last week.
The reality TV star, famed for their shapely behind, was photographed with cellulite on a girls' holiday in Mexico.
The Sun 9 How The Sun reported Kim Kardashian's untouched photograph, which caused waves across the world
They described the picture as showing off their “flawless body”.
But do you feel as confident as Kim about your bottom?
Diana Appleyard asks three generations of two families to uncover how they feel about theirs.
The Phillips family
News Group Newspapers Ltd 9 The Phillips family... Left to right, Hayley, 28, Sandie, 53, and Heather, 78
Hayley, daughter
Height: 5ft 8in, Size: 8-10, Hips: 32in
SALES team leader Hayley Law lives in Burgess Hill, West Sussex, with their carpet fitter husband Neil, 35.
They have a daughter, Harley, who is one-and-a-half.
News Group Newspapers Ltd 9 Hayley says they are proud of their bum
Hayley says: "I feel I have inherited my mother's genes – we are a very similar shape.
"She does a lot more exercise than me but holding down a full-time job and being the mum of a young child doesn't leave me much time to work out.
"I do like the shape of my bum – it's small and round and I get lots of compliments about it.
"I'd say that my bottom, as well as my eyes, are my favourite things about my appearance.
"Mum works very hard to keep their figure and I know there will come a time when I will probably have to do the same, but not yet.
"It's very interesting that the menopause had such an effect on Gran's bottom – at least I will be aware of that when the time comes to fight the ageing process."
Sandie, mother
Height: 5ft 7in ' Size: 8-10, Hips: 34in
SEMI-RETIRED property developer Sandie Meadows lives in Burgess Hill, West Sussex.
Divorced, they have three children and one grandchild.
News Group Newspapers Ltd 9 Sandie says they still get compliments about their bum
They say: "I look at my mother Heather's shape – lovely as they are – and it has made me determined to fight the ageing process and weight gain.
"I know that genetics largely determines our body shape.
"But with the modern approach to diet and exercise, it is possible to keep “pear shape” at bay.
"I get compliments about my bottom – it's small and quite round, and there is definitely no sag.
"I do exercise classes three or four times a week, mostly Body Balance, which is a mixture of Pilates and Tai-chi, and I do a lot of walking and play tennis.
"Many of the exercises I do are designed to keep your bottom toned and I wear skinny jeans to show it off.
"I've always been slim but I work hard to keep what I have, and I love my bottom."
Heather, grandmother
Height: 5ft 4in, Size: 16-18, Hips: 32in
ACTIVE Heather Phillips lives with husband Frank, 83, in Dartford, Kent.
Both are retired and they have three children.
News Group Newspapers Ltd 9 Heather says they try to eat sensibly to help them battle the ageing process
They say: "My body, especially my bottom, has inevitably changed.
"As I've gained weight as I've got older, my bottom has got larger.
"There is a trace of cellulite which I never used to have.
"I try to keep in shape by swimming two or three times a week.
"I love my food but try not to eat too much.
"It makes me put on weight since I went through the menopause.
"I like my curvy body and don't have any hang-ups."
MOST READ IN FABULOUS EASTER ALERT Mum issues Cadbury's Mini Egg warning after their daughter choked to death Exclusive RING MY BELL Mum, 25, with bus driver fiancé, 62, says age gap doesn't affect sex life life after loss Mum who became homeless when their son, 5, died is now self-made millionaire Exclusive they ruined my life I was raped at 12 by youth club worker who said I 'owed them my virginity' BAND SLAM Bridezilla blasted for moaning about their fiance proposing with their mum's heirloom LUMP IT From night sweats to bloating... new book reveals if embarrassing signs are deadly TELL-TALE SIGNS Mum who 'felt pregnancy flutter' discovers it was aggressive ovarian cancer CARE HOSTESS Mum gives out 200 bags of sweets and earplugs in case their baby cries on flight Exclusive 'BETRAYED LIKE KARDASHIANS' I let my homeless best friend move in and they STOLE my husband LIGHT IT UP B&M is selling glow in the dark unicorn homeware for kids from just £5.99
The Marquis family
News Group Newspapers Ltd 9 The Marquis family... Left to right, Monet, 21, Cecilia, 52, Theresa, 73
Monet, daughter
Height: 5ft 10in, Size: 8-10, Hips: 32in
DRAMA student Monet Marquis lives with mum Cecilia in North West London.
Single Monet says: "We all have slightly different body shapes in our family but I think I have inherited the good genes from both my grandmother and mum.
News Group Newspapers Ltd 9 Monet says they wish their bum was more rounded
"I have my grandmother's small breasts and my mum's bottom, just a smaller version.
"I wish my bottom was a little more round now and less flat.
"I don't exercise much and lean towards a vegan diet, as that makes me feel much healthier.
"When I do exercise, I do squats to try and make my bottom more rounded but still show if off in high-waisted jeans.
"As I've got older I have realised I must learn to accept how I look and be happy and proud in a strong, healthy body."
Cecilia, mother
Height: 5ft 6in, Size: 10-12, Hips: 36in
EVENTS manager Cecilia Marquis lives in North West London.
Newly single, Cecilia has one daughter, Monet.
News Group Newspapers Ltd 9 Cecilia thanks their mother for their shape
They say: "I love how great my bottom looks in jeans.
"I've recently lost some weight, which has helped the shape.
"I feel I've inherited a good bottom shape from my mother.
"I'm certainly more curvy now than I was in my twenties and I like my bum.
"It has some fat, a little cellulite and some stretch marks on the side, but it's still pert for my age.
"As you get older, you need to choose your clothes with care, and usually tight-fitting and body-hugging shapes work best.
"My diet is mostly fish and chicken, with lots of salads.
"I allow myself some treats, but you have to eat less as you get older, to prevent a spreading bottom."
Theresa, grandmother
Height: 5ft 7in, Size: 12-14, Hips: 36in
PART-TIME administrator Theresa Marquis lives in Stanmore, Essex.
 They are separated and has two children.
News Group Newspapers Ltd 9 Theresa exercises regularly to stay in shape
They say: "I'm not too disappointed with the shape of my bottom at my age.
"When I was in my twenties, I had an athletic build.
"Now I have some fat on my arms and bottom but it's not too bad.
"I'm pleased my bum hasn't started to sag – I think at my age, you look better for having some curves.
"I don't dress to cover up my bottom.
"I do cover up my arms but I'll wear jeans and leggings to show off my bum.
"I still enjoy wearing figure-hugging clothes.
"I used to do a lot more exercise than I do now – going to the gym and swimming.
"But on balance, I am very proud of my bottom for my age."
That's a good question, and it's one of many.There are really only two possibilities: Either Flynn told their colleagues a lie, which they repeated because they believed him, or Flynn told them the truth, and they chose to help cover up their alleged wrongdoing.For their part, Pence and their office have gone out of their way to say that the vice president relied entirely on Flynn's word when they addressed the subject publicly. In other words, the VP is arguing that they were lied to, not that they did the lying.When Trump World lies to the American electorate, the president and their team don't seem to mind. When top officials on Team Trump lie to each other, it seems likely to create an untenable dynamic. Then again, this president hates admitting mistakes, so traditional rules and common sense may not apply.So far, alarmingly little. Despite the uproar on Friday, the president spoke briefly to reporters on Friday aboard Air Force One, where they claimed to have no idea what story journalists were even referring to. “I don't know about that, I haven't seen it,” Trump said . “What report is that? I haven't seen that. I'll look into that.”To hear Trump tell it, the White House national security advisor is accused of having potentially illegal talks with Russia, but the president was, and is, out of the loop.It seems hard to believe that Flynn, one of Trump's closest advisors, had multiple communications with Russia, but they did so without any guidance or instructions from their boss, who at the time was the incoming president of the United States. Moreover, if evidence emerges that Flynn was acting on Trump's orders, this scandal is going to take an even more dramatic turn.Actually, yes. On Dec. 28, President Obama took actions against Russia in response to Moscow's role in undermining the American elections. On Dec. 29, Flynn allegedly had multiple conversations with the Russian ambassador, including a chat about the sanctions. On Dec. 30, Vladimir Putin announced they wouldn't retaliate in kind, prompting Trump to hail the Russian president's “great move,” adding, “I always knew they were very smart!” (Trump pinned the tweet so it would be the first thing readers saw on their Twitter profile.) What are the chances Trump didn't speak to Flynn about any of this as the developments unfolded?The question, “What did the president know and when did they know it” may be a Watergate-era cliché, but in this case, it's also an important line of inquiry. Quite a bit . Leading Dems in both chambers have pushed for Flynn to be fired, investigated, or both. Several others have demanded that the administration pull Flynn's security clearance, at least until the matter is resolved.GOP leaders have said effectively nothing about the scandal.For now, it's very hard to say. Maybe they thought no one would find out. Perhaps didn't fully appreciate the implications of their communications. But if there's any evidence that Trump encouraged them to lie, buckle up.It would make it quite clear that Trump is, at a minimum, comfortable with Flynn's alleged misdeeds, and possibly that Flynn acted with Trump's backing.NBC's Chuck Todd asked Stephen Miller, a top Trump aide, on “Meet the Press” whether Flynn still enjoys the president's confidence. Miller wouldn't answer the question directly The Washington Post reports this morning that Flynn “is under increasing political pressure and risks losing the confidence of some colleagues…. Privately, some administration officials said that Flynn's position has weakened and support for them has eroded largely because of a belief that they were disingenuous about Russia and therefore could not be fully trusted going forward.”The piece quoted an unnamed administration official who said, “The knives are out for Flynn.”
Jack Liu, the head of international division at the OKCoin bitcoin exchange, has discussed with Bloomberg's Angie Lau the perspectives bitcoin brings to China.
Mr Liu believes that even though bitcoin prices have recently seen a meltdown, the interest towards the cryptocurrency grows rapidly, with huge investments being made and the developers focusing more “on how to solve consumers' problems”.
They explained that what excites the entrepreneurs the most is the open decentralised ledger technology, by means of which “for the first time in finance any two people can make a transaction with each other free and instant”.
Jack Liu positively assessed the step undertaken by CFTC, which declared bitcoin a commodity. They added that, given that some of the world's leading transmittance systems, such as PayPal and Alipay, are not interconnected, such bitcoin platforms as Superwallet, launched by OKCoin in April, can become a panacea.
“I'll give you an example. Like, a Chinese student using Alipay in China can't send [money] to their friend in the US using PayPal, because the two systems are closed. But imagine the new system where OKLink is your China wallet, you have CNY in the app, which is our app. And then we've seen our industry peers in the United States such as Coinbase and Circle launching an equivalent which accepts US dollars. So that Chinese transactions happen over bitcoin network, which means it's free and instant, and it's just like an email which you send from Yahoo to Hotmail,” said Lio.
According to OKCoin representative, China already has a huge e-commerce market, and what the industry is working on at the moment is trying to harmonize current financial system with the new outstanding possibilities that bitcoin gives.
The interview comes after the rumours about the Chinese auto giant Wanxiang Group's plans to invest $50 million into the blockchain industry.
Maria Rudina
Hong Kong's Electoral Affairs Commission (EAC) has announced that candidates in the September Legislative Council (LegCo) election must sign a declaration that they will uphold the Basic Law and pledge allegiance to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
The Basic Law – Hong Kong's key constitutional document – stipulates that the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region is “an inalienable part of the People's Republic of China with a high degree of autonomy and there is no amendment to the Basic Law that shall contravene the nation's established basic policies regarding Hong Kong,” the Hong Kong government notes in a statement.
Hong Kong National Party (HKNP), a pro-independence group that plans to run in September, opposes the new requirement but says it is considering signing the declaration in order to be able to compete in the election.
“We haven't decided to sign it or not,” a spokesperson told The News Lens International. “But even if we sign it, it doesn't mean that HKNP will abandon the idea of Hong Kong independence.”
The HKNP spokesperson says the party sees the new rule as “an obstacle imposed by the colonial government.”
“Yet such an obstacle cannot prevent HKNP, and other organizations with the same ideology as we do, to participate the LegCo election. Even if HKNP ‘agreed on' the terms of the new declaration form, we will still insist on promoting Hong Kong independence.”
The EAC statement warns candidates that in making the declaration, they must understand the “legal consequences.” Officials will analyze the nominations and determine whether they are valid.
The Hong Kong government likewise notes that making a false declaration is “liable to criminal sanction.”
People Power legislators Albert Chan (陳偉業) and Raymond Chan (陳志全), as well as League of Social Democrats' “Long Hair” Leung Kwok-hung (梁國雄) do not intend to sign the declaration, the South China Morning Post reports.
The nomination period for the election opens tomorrow and runs through to July 29.
A number of new political parties and Umbrella Movement activists are planning to run in the election. For a good backgrounder on all the players and the key issues read this piece by Hong Kong expert Suzanne Pepper.
Editor: J. Michael Cole
If the zeitgeist has a face, it supposedly belongs to Ayn Rand and their capitalist philosophy of Objectivism. Talk radio hosts adore the author's demands for limited government; Congressman Paul Ryan insists that their staffers read their overstuffed opus Atlas Shrugged; picket signs at Tea Party rallies suggest that we all “READ AYN RAND.” And yet, some pieces are missing. Ayn Rand was anti-war, but spending for hundreds of military bases and two-and-a-half wars remains sacrosanct even as Congress made the debt ceiling a major issue. They found homosexuality “immoral” and “disgusting,” and yet gay marriage has regained the initiative in the public square. And Randian heroes are explicitly — nay, objectively — elitist. They are genius millionaire square-jawed heroes who walked right off the screen at the movie matinee. The average Tea Party rallier, not so much.
There is another writer whose political and philosophical influence is finally being felt in the public sphere. You may have read one of their books as a child. Their name is Robert A. Heinlein, and they wrote science fiction. They were a libertarian enamored of military might, a conservative who championed free love. Their heroes are certainly competent. They're also folks who hack the systems in which they live, not elitists who abandon a corrupt world full of moochers and looters to worship the dollar as an end unto itself. And unlike Rand, most of Heinlein's work is actually readable.
The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress features “Loonies” —Earthlings from the political and financial fringes of society. Exiled to the moon, they rally behind the philosophy of “Rational Anarchism” and stage a revolution to win their independence from Earth. The book is full of fun stuff: a self-aware computer, catapults that shoot rocks at the Earth, political shenanigans, and even revolutionary tweens who form “corridor gangs” to help the cause. Heinlein also has a knack for the pithy. They popularized the acronym TANSTAAFL for “There Ain't No Such Thing As A Free Lunch” — itself a clever summary of what makes economics the dismal science. Forget Rand's groaning endless speeches about capitalism, or gnomic questions such as, “Who is John Galt?” (Who cares!), here's Heinlein's Professor De La Paz on living under the rule of law: “I will accept the rules that you feel necessary to your freedom. I am free, no matter what rules surround me. If I find them tolerable, I tolerate them; if I find them too obnoxious, I break them.” Now that's an ethos both the conservative who doesn't want to wear a seatbelt and the hippie who demands service even though he's shirtless and shoeless can get behind.
Heinlein's own politics were as fungible. A graduate of the Naval Academy, they became a leftist in the 1930s and worked in the EPIC main office during Upton Sinclair's run for the California gubernatorial seat. Heinlein themselves ran for State Assembly as a Democrat in 1938, but lost. Their second marriage, to Virginia Gerstenfeld, and the Cold War sent them far to the right. Heinlein was a hawk who agitated for U.S. nuclear testing, worked on Barry Goldwater's 1964 Presidential campaign, and also penned the counterculture bible Stranger in a Strange Land.
Stranger has all the ingredients of a cult classic: an alienated hero in the Mars-raised human Valentine Michael Smith, groovy neologisms such as “grok” (def., to really understand something), and, as Heinlein stand-in Jubal Harshaw summarizes the world Smith makes: “Bacchanalia, unashamed swapping, communal living and anarchistic code, everything.” And it's “all moral,” Harshaw declares. The book's sex is heterosexual, and one character — the foolish Jill who is constantly being corrected by Harshaw — is likely a homophobe, but even they end up kissing one of their female “water brothers” after adopting Martian social mores. Stranger in a Strange Land was a phenomenon: Whole Earth Catalog founder Stewart Brand was a fan, and David Crosby referenced it in a number of songs. The practice of polyamory, popularized by the book, survived the AIDS era. Science-fiction conventions today often feature panel discussions on navigating the jealousies and time commitments of having multiple lovers. And people think nerds never have sex.
For a long time, Stranger remained just a countercultural touchstone, with few inroads into the mainstream. Megan Daum, writing for Nerve.com a decade ago on the Heinlein-influenced Church of All Worlds and its polyamorous practices, concluded, “[t]his story is about what happens when you give something a name and, in so doing, deny yourself the unexpected elation that comes from falling in love with someone whose bookshelves hold none of the same books as your own.” For Daum, the real problem with polyamory was that there was too much science fiction involved. For those not steeped in Heinlein, the axioms of the lifestyle, its politics, and even the very definition of freedom made little sense. But lots of people are steeped in Heinlein; Stranger is the type of novel one is handed by an enthusiastic friend who says, “You've gotta read this!” That's how it spreads.
The third big gotta book in Heinlein's oeuvre is their 1959 Starship Troopers. There's no room for hippies here. In Troopers, the only way to gain citizenship is to work for the Federal Service. For many, that means the military or other hazardous duty. Heinlein fans cling to the equality of opportunity embedded in this disclaimer from a minor character: “if you came in here in a wheelchair and blind in both eyes and were silly enough to insist on enrolling, they would find you something silly to match. Counting the fuzz on a caterpillar by touch, maybe.” But when the titular troopers, in awesome battle armor, face off against the enemy Arachnids, there's very little fuzz-counting going on.
Starship Troopers also includes a jeremiad against child psychologists, who are blamed for encouraging parents to abandon corporal punishment in an our era, thus contributing to utter social collapse. Even “liberty,” we're told “is never unalienable, it must be redeemed regularly with the blood of patriots or it always vanishes.” Non-citizen “civilians” actually look down on the suckers who fight for the rare privilege of voting, but otherwise live perfectly comfortable lives. Rand would have rendered them as chinless criminals and whiners doomed to starve in the ruins. But there's nothing to whine about in Starship Troopers — after all, thanks to the Federal Service (and spankings), crime is a rarity, taxes are low, and everything's great until those awful aliens show up to spill the blood of patriots.
Much of Heinlein's other work is less propagandistic, and the best of it is rollicking, compulsively readable, and quotable. Even their books for juveniles feature teeny rebel yells, such as this one from protagonist Kip in Have Space Suit—Will Travel: “The less respect an older person deserves the more certain they are to demand it from anyone younger.” Heinlein's essential theme is compelling. The individual is the measure of all things. From this premise all else follows — the suspicion toward conventional morality, the primacy of the free market, the valorizing of science over received wisdom, and antipathy toward the state. To keep the world from collapsing into first an orgy, and then the horrifying day-after poverty and chaos one would expect in a Stranger-type setting, Heinlein's work often prescribes the military virtues of honor, duty, and loyalty.
It's a convincing mix, especially when the deck is stacked. There's little military corruption in Heinlein's work, even if one counts the Space Patrol in Space Cadet aiming nukes at the Earth in order to keep the world government together. A militaristic ethos is often conflated with the scientific method in the mouths of Heinlein's characters. There's no room for disagreement with science for Heinlein, and they slip the military in like a palmed card. The idea of a minimal force suitable only for defense — the classic libertarian preference — isn't even debated. Of course the military must be huge, as our patriots are surrounded by insectoid Communists. Today, misguided fear of supposedly rapidly expanding Islamicism offers an equivalent excuse for a minimal state ringed by an enormous, aggressive military.
Libertarianism has always been a minority current in American politics. There's the occasional “cool” Republican who smokes weed, the agitated regular at city council meetings who complained endlessly about the municipalization of garbage collection, SDS members who threw rocks though the windows of government buildings but never wrecked private property. Heinlein was an ideological father of the nascent movement. Libertarian Party founder David Nolan cut their teeth on Heinlein before attending MIT and organizing Young Americans for Freedom and then MIT Students for Goldwater. Libertarian intellectual Robert Poole, wrote in Reason — the most reasonable of the libertarian journals — that they and Nolan “came to libertarianism by similar paths, growing up reading Robert Heinlein's individualist-oriented science fiction” and only later did the pair discover “Ayn Rand's writings.” The influence of The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress on anarcho-capitalist economist and long-time sci-fi fan David Friedman (son of Nobel Prize-winner Milton and economist Rose) is obvious in their seminal The Machinery of Freedom. But until recently, libertarianism was a fringe ideology. Heinlein themselves didn't age well; their later books are didactic, rambling self-parodies. Many fans literally blame a stroke for a decline in quality. The author died in 1988. And the Internet happened.
Technology workers, do-it-yourself hackers, and college kids — Heinlein's audience — were here first. The early Internet felt like a functioning anarchy, never mind that the Department of Defense funded its backbone. Heinlein readers took to the ‘net and soon dominated many discursive spaces. In 1996, just as the web was bringing the Internet to the masses, Paulina Borsook sputtered that Silicon Valley types were “cyberselfish” and fumed that they were “violently lacking in compassion, ravingly anti-government, and tremendously opposed to regulation.” But nothing is less effective than simply casting libertarians as selfish. As Heinlein would say, “What are the facts? Again and again and again — what are the facts?” Neither liberals nor conservatives are any good at arguing all the way back to their premises anymore. Heinlein's heroes, and by extension their readers, get that training early on. Or think they do.
As the division between life online and off life has blurred — we all live online now, through our phones and Facebook and Google News homepage — the libertarianism seeded online has fully bloomed in the middle of the public square. The new libertarian vision is not Rand's, which always had more to do with jousting with Kant than it had with the construction of a future. Rand's Objectivism was also never sufficiently “American.” The dystopian United States of Atlas Shrugged is too obviously the Stalinist USSR from whence Rand emigrated. And Rand's heroes don't make good; they simply are good. They're fully formed as perfect beings who were born right, who were always successful. They engaged in the pathetic fallacy of the physiognomy; the best and brightest were also the hottest. Such an idea wouldn't play to the funny-looking misfits of science-fiction fandom. Heinlein, on the other hand, had their Competent Men work at it. Virtually any bright and curious kid who could take apart a radio could pilot a spaceship or wage a war or even save the world if they (nearly always he) embraced the scientific method and worked hard. Heinlein's heroes are generally self-made men. They're small-town boys who win a contest and make good, or who join the military and learn to be a man, or who grow old and have happy sex with lots of gorgeous redheads. (One exception is Friday Baldwin, as they are both a woman and a genetically superior “artificial person” hated for their non-human status.)
Supposedly anyone can be a Heinlein hero if they learn their history and mathematics. Gun-rights activist Gary Marbut, from their kit-built solar-powered geodesic dome in Montana, conceived of and helped pass the Firearms Freedom Act in eight states. The law undermines federal regulation of firearms made and retained in a single state on Tenth Amendment grounds. Marbut isn't a lawyer, and doesn't need to be one. Nor is they a Tea Party member, but he's sympathetic to the movement. In explaining their successes to the Wall Street Journal, they quoted Heinlein: “When it's time to railroad, people start railroading.”
Then there's Paypal co-founder Peter Thiel. He's a Heinlein fan, openly gay, and a philanthropist. The endeavors they help fund include the Singularity Institute, an organization dedicated to making sure that artificial intelligences are friendly toward humans; their own Thiel Fellowships, to encourage college students to drop out and become entrepreneurs; the Methuselah Mouse Prize foundation, which is looking to extend human life; and the Seasteading Institute, which seeks to found libertarian cities on the open ocean. In a 2009 essay championing seasteading, Thiel complained that “the vast increase in welfare beneficiaries and the extension of the franchise to women — two constituencies that are notoriously tough for libertarians — have rendered the notion of' capitalist democracy' into an oxymoron,” a sentiment similar to that found in Heinlein's Glory Road: “Democracy can't work. Mathematicians, peasants, and animals, that's all there is — so democracy, a theory based on the assumption that mathematicians and peasants are equal, can never work.” This is no coincidence; in the same essay, Thiel lamented that the ” libertarian future of classic science fiction, à la Heinlein, will not happen before the second half of the 21st century.” If Thiel has their way, life will be a series of Heinlein novels.
Most Tea Partiers and their sympathizers are traditionalists: They identify as conservative Christians, are opposed to gay marriage, and would run screaming if they knew that Ron Paul recommends legalizing heroin. But the cultural reactionary planks of the Tea Party platform aren't the ones winning in the public square. Heinlein's planks are; the fans have decided it's time to get railroading. Minimal government, a giant military, high technology, and plenty of free lovin' — I've seen the future already, and it's copied from some science-fiction paperbacks. • 5 August 2011
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 31, 2017, 1:52 PM GMT / Updated May 31, 2017, 1:52 PM GMT By Alex Seitz-Wald
WASHINGTON — The Democratic National Committee has a problem.
In the basement of the DNC's headquarters here, Rep. John Lewis, the famed civil rights activist, and Rep. Keith Ellison, the party's deputy chair and a member of its left wing, squeezed into a tiny room to go over the night's game plan — one aimed at helping the party's premier national organization tap into the rollicking anti-Trump sentiment drawing millions to the streets and pumping millions of dollars into activist causes.
As Lewis and Ellison kicked off "Democrats Live," the DNC's new show broadcast on Facebook, they'd be taking questions online and trying to convince viewers to sign up for what the DNC calls "Resistance Summer" — the party's first major effort to tap into "The Resistance" movement that sprung up after President Donald Trump's election.
Both the DNC show and its organizing program are attempts to connect with a fired-up and somewhat alienated grassroots base that has largely put its energy and money into other organizations. The DNC wants to bring into the fold ahead of the midterms and 2020 presidential race some elements of The Resistance that want nothing to do with the party organization, partly based on what is perceived as the DNC's shabby, finger-on-the-scale treatment of Senator Bernie Sanders during the Democratic primary against Hillary Clinton in 2016.
A sign of the problem: Last month, the DNC posted its worst April fundraising haul in eight years, even as other Democratic committees and left-leaning groups raked in cash at unprecedented rates.
To try to turn protesters into voters, the DNC is doing something it doesn't typically do in non-election years: Funding a small army of field organizers across the country "to build the Democratic resistance." They'll be hired by state parties, which will compete for grants to make the hires.
While the 2018 and 2020 elections are still far off, the party has pinned its hopes for electoral redemption on the new wave of anti-Trump activism. Democrats like DNC Chair Tom Perez say they're kept up at night worrying that the party will "lose this moment."
And activists, like Heather Booth, themselves a famed civil rights organizer, told the "Democrats Live" audience that the anti-Trump marchers could only achieve their goals by "electoralizing" themselves and working with the DNC.
Movements and parties don't always get along. The Tea Party, the most recent forebearer of the "resistance," spent almost as much time battling the Republican party as it did the President Barack Obama. And some movements, like Occupy Wall Street, don't want anything to do with elections.
Still, it's increasingly clear to both the anti-Trump grassroots and the party that they need each other.
Some potential friction was evident even in the safe confines of the DNC basement last week despite its invitation-only studio-audience when a woman publicly confronted Ellison on Sanders' refusal to formally join the Democratic party of which they are not a member.
Ellison disagreed, engaging in a brief but tense exchange with them just before the cameras rolled.
"I think we need every single American who's willing to vote for us and support what we're doing to be part of it. And if we start saying, 'you need to be a card-carrying Democrat,' well, that's subtraction and we need to be operating on the basis of addition and multiplication," Ellison said later in an interview.
"I'm not insensitive to the concerns she's raising, but we can't be a club," Ellison continued. "We are an advocacy agency that coalesces around a set of values and tries to win elections to advance those values. And I don't care if you're a moderate Republican or a Jill Stein voter, we want you."
Ellison recently gave up their co-chairpersonship of Congressional Progressive Caucus to focus on their DNC duties, including hosting "Democrats Live." They have big plans for the show, touting newly purchased equipment that will allow remote interviews.
"It's all driven by the fact that there are people scattered all across this country that if you say, what are the Democrats up to, too many of them would say, 'I don't know,'" Ellison said. "If there's one thing that our party must do, it is connect with our base."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren has been a guest. Ellison soon expects to book Sanders, along with Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, the top Democrats in each chamber of Congress.
Sanders has their own show on Facebook Live, which generally enjoys more views thanks to their massive online footprint.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi holds their weekly press briefing on Capitol Hill on March 2. Aaron P. Bernstein / Getty Images
Pelosi said the party needs to be making more efforts to reach to grassroots activists.
"[I]f we want to hold the GOP accountable, we need to convert that energy into wins at the ballot box. The Resistance Summer project will add to the avalanche of grassroots activism we've seen in every corner of the country since the Women's March,” the House Minority Leader said in a statement.
Lewis compared the party's current work to what they and their compatriots did with John F. Kennedy, Hubert Humphrey and other Democratic leaders. "The party should be out there leading. Pointing the way, leading the way. We need that energy," they told NBC News.
That political energy can be also difficult to control sometimes, Ellison acknowledged. But they said Democrats have to accept it, even if it leads to Tea Party-like primaries.
"We don't own these seats, the American people own then, we just occupy them," Ellison said. "Some of our great leaders who are out there, honestly, I don't want to see them primaried, because we're barely hanging onto that seat and they're very very close. But at the end of the day, you can't stop people from running."
WITNESS: LIBYA Photo: Michael Christopher Brown/ HBO WITNESS: JUAREZ Photo: Eros Hoagland/ HBO WITNESS: SOUTH SUDAN Photo: Veronique De Viguerie/ HBO WITNESS: LIBYA Photo: Michael Christopher Brown/ HBO WITNESS: RIO Photo: Eros Hoagland/ HBO WITNESS: RIO Photo: Eros Hoagland/ HBO WITNESS: JUAREZ Photo: Eros Hoagland / HBO WITNESS: SOUTH SUDAN Photo: Veronique De Viguerie/ HBO WITNESS: SOUTH SUDAN Photo: Veronique De Viguerie/ HBO WITNESS: LIBYA Photo: Michael Christopher Brown/ HBO WITNESS: RIO Photo: Eros Hoagland/ HBO Veronique de Viguerie Courtesy of HBO Eros Hoagland Courtesy of HBO Eros Hoagland Courtesy of HBO Michael Christopher Brown Courtesy of HBO Michael Christopher Brown Courtesy of HBO
The most shocking and hardest-to-watch scene in the new HBO series Witness comes when photojournalist Eros Hoagland runs up to a car in Juarez where a young Mexican man sits dying after just being shot.
Hoagland starts taking photos and dozens of other people, including the police, stand by as the young man cries out for help. No one intervenes until an ambulance arrives.
It's a scene that everyone's talking about, but it's also indicative of the complex issues tackled by the documentary series, which follows combat photojournalists around the world and airs its final installment next Monday.
Besides being sad and gruesome, the scene makes one wonder why no one helps the young man (who apparently dies on the way to the hospital). As Hoagland rides away from scene they begin to explain their reasons.
"That was the only reason that I was in that position was to photograph it," they say. "I wasn't there to mourn from him, I wasn't there to console their family, I wasn't there to, you know.... I was there to document it. It's a piece of history. If I were to be too hung up on emotion the work would suffer, it would suffer. I have to use that shield as much as I can."
One piece of information that's not conveyed is that Hoagland can't get involved because it would look like they were taking sides. And that's the last thing photographers want to do in Juarez.
Nonetheless, the scene and subsequent discussion still lead us into the ongoing question facing journalists about whether we get involved with the stories we document and whether it's more important to be a human or a journalist.
It's a question that comes up several times in the series and is actually dealt with quite delicately. Neither Hoagland nor any of the other photographers make any hard statements about what we should do and it's refreshing to see director and executive producer David Frankham and executive producer Michael Mann not falling prey to wrapping up hard, and perhaps unanswerable, questions up in a neat little bow.
"For me these are very human stories," says Frankham, who originally self-funded the episode in Juarez before the series was picked up by HBO and three more episodes — Libya, South Sudan, Rio de Janeiro — were shot. "It's not just they conflict on the ground but it's also the conflict for the photographer."
Frankham, who is known for their commercial work and had never directed a documentary before, says that when they set out to film the series, they didn't want to create something that had all the answers. Instead, they wanted viewers to react viscerally and to get a taste for what it meant to be a journalist covering some of the world's most important wars.
"Because I don't come from a strict documentary background I don't feel like I have to look at it in such a academic or structured way," they say. "I was trying to give you a real first-person experience for what it's like to be on the ground in the middle of these conflicts."
Another difficult situation in Witness comes during the Libya episode where Michael Christopher Brown returns to look at the sectarian tension that now plagues that country after the fall of Moammar Gaddafi. Brown, who covered the war in Libya with their iPhone, was also one of the photographers injured in the blast in Misrata that killed photographers Chris Hondros and Tim Hetherington (who was originally scheduled to be featured as one of the photographers in Witness).
In the episode, Brown reflects back on what it was like to shoot next to conflict photography veterans like Hetherington, and in a particularly poignant moment they recall a time when they and Hetherington came up on the same seen but chose to shoot it very differently. Libyan rebels were cheering the recent death of a group of Gaddafi loyalists and Brown says they were disturbed by their reaction and tried to only make a picture of the bodies. Hetherington on the other hand, thought the real picture was of the cheering and chose to include it.
"I didn't want to have a picture of a few dead bodies on the ground and these hands coming in and these guys laughing and giving the peace sing. What is that? You know? That's fucked up," Brown says during an interview in the film. "But the image that [Hetherington] thought was more interesting was the picture of these guys coming in. Should I have taken that picture? I guess the most honest thing would have been to shoot a picture with these guys."
Frankham says they purposely tried to push viewers into the gray areas facing photojournalists and wanted to tease out how hard it is to be on the ground.
"Each photographer has a different way of interacting and a different way of trying to represent their truth, a different way of being a witness," they say.
While it's impossible to cover complex wars in 25 minutes or an hour, Frankham says Witness is also very much about the issues the photojournalists are covering. After years of being disgusted with the lack of depth in many of the news reports they saw, especially on television news, Frankham says they wanted to find people who were willing to sacrifice everything to tell a more complete story about some infinitely complicated issues.
"It was definitely a reaction to over-simplifications and the way the news was covering very complicated stories in a minute and a half," they say. "I stopped believing what I was seeing and was not engaged by it."
One story in particular pushed them over the edge. When the Somali pirates were in news they say they never remembers seeing any coverage that attempted to talk to the pirates themselves. Then they came across the French photographer Veronique de Viguerie (featured in the South Sudan episode) who, at great risk, had done just that by embedding with a group of Somalis who were actively involved with the robberies.
"That really hit me," they say. "I wanted that person telling that story and I asked myself why [so many news organizations] weren't telling it from that point of view."
For what they are, the episodes do a remarkably good job of making the viewer engage with some of the harder questions and ambiguities of these conflicts. In the Juarez episode, Hoagland is clear that there is no way to comprehensively cover a story that has multiple layers that include drugs, immigration, cross-border economics, gangs and poverty.
"I'm not there to tell you what's happening; I'm there so show you what I saw, what happened to me and then you can come upon your own conclusion," they say at the beginning of the Juarez episode.
Don't be fooled, however, by Hoagland's seemingly hands-off approach. He's been working and living in the U.S.-Mexico boarder region for years and has struggled to make photos that dig into this complexity as best they can. Most importantly, they say, he's tried to humanize the story by talking to and photographing people whose lives are affected by, but not immediately involved with, guns, drugs, or violence.
"We have an intimate relationship with [Mexico] and we need to have a sense for whom these people are," Hoagland said in a conversation with Wired. "I can sort of understand people not knowing what's happening in South Africa because it's half a world away, but for Christ's sake, these are our neighbors."
In the South Sudan episode Veronique de Viguerie follows the Arrow Boys, a ragtag militia of farmers who have organized to defend themselves against Joseph Kony's Lord's Resistance Army. After so much criticism was heaped on Invisible Children for their misrepresentation of the LRA, de Viguerie's approach is a breath of fresh air that not only creates a more honest portrayal of the situation but also allows the people on the ground to tell it themselves.
Frankham openly admits that the snippets of life that Witness captures are just pieces of a larger pie, but they hope that the stories themselves, combined with the experiences of the photographers, are enough to draw people in and at the very least help them begin to be more active consumers of the news from the ongoing wars across the globe.
"It's definitely a Trojan horse," they say. "I'm using the photographers to pull an audience into heavier subjects and conflicts that were not getting the time or the representation they deserved. And in the end I actually hope the audience has more questions than answers."
This special telephone Morgan Poll was conducted over three nights last week, April 21-23, 2015 with an Australia-wide cross-section of 583 electors.
Former Liberal Party Leader Malcolm Turnbull is again clearly preferred as Liberal Leader by 38% of electors (up 2% since January 12-13, 2015) well ahead of Deputy Leader Julie Bishop 27% (up 1%) and Prime Minister Tony Abbott 12% (down 2%). This is a record low level of support for Abbott since they became Liberal Leader in December 2009. No other candidate has more than 5% support.
L-NP voters also prefer Turnbull as Liberal Party Leader 30% (up 4%), just ahead of Prime Minister Tony Abbott 25% (down 5%) and Deputy Liberal Leader Julie Bishop (25%, down 3%). Treasurer Joe Hockey has lost significant support since delivering the 2014 Federal Budget and is now at only 6% (up 2%).
Deputy ALP Leader Tanya Plibersek 23% (up 5%) of electors is now the preferred Labor Leader ahead of Opposition Leader Bill Shorten 21% (down 4%) with both well ahead of Shadow Minister for Infrastructure and Transport Anthony Albanese 13% (up 3%) and former Treasurer Wayne Swan 10% (unchanged).
Tanya Plibersek 30% (up 9%) is now also preferred amongst ALP supporters ahead of Bill Shorten 26% (down 9%) for the first time and also Wayne Swan 9% (down 3%) and Anthony Albanese 11% (up 3%).
If Mr Abbott were to resign as Prime Minister tomorrow, it would appear to be a two-horse race between Malcolm Turnbull 40% (up 2%) and Julie Bishop 30% (down 2%). Their support is more evenly matched amongst L-NP voters with Turnbull (34%) narrowly preferred to Bishop (32%).
If Labor Leader Bill Shorten were to resign for any reason, Deputy ALP Leader Tanya Plibersek 26% (up 5%) is clearly preferred as ALP Leader ahead of Shadow Minister for Infrastructure and Transport Anthony Albanese 16% (up 2%) and former Treasurer Wayne Swan 15% (down 1%).
Gary Morgan says:
“Prime Minister Tony Abbott is supported by only 12% (down 2% since January) of Australian electors as the best person to lead the Federal Liberal Party, well behind both former Liberal Party Leader Malcolm Turnbull 38% (up 2%) and Deputy Liberal Leader Julie Bishop 27% (up 1%). This is the lowest level of support for Abbott since assuming the leadership of the Liberal Party in December 2009. “Even amongst L-NP supporters – who have traditionally favoured Abbott over both Turnbull and Bishop – Turnbull has now gained the most support as the preferred Liberal Party Leader 30% (up 4%) equally ahead of both Abbott 25% (down 5%) and Bishop 25% (down 3%). “Worryingly for Opposition Leader Bill Shorten they have now slipped behind Deputy ALP Leader Tanya Plibersek as the preferred ALP Leader with Plibersek 23% (up 5%) cf. Shorten 21% (down 4%). This is the first time Plibersek has been preferred to Shorten since they became ALP Leader after the last Federal Election. Both are well clear of former leadership rival Anthony Albanese 13% (up 3%) and former Treasurer Wayne Swan 10% (unchanged). However, whilst Abbott can be voted out of the leadership by the Liberal Party room – Shorten can't be removed before the next election given the new rules surrounding a change of leadership adopted by the Federal ALP. "As Michele Levine, CEO Roy Morgan Research, will say tomorrow at Roy Morgan's State of the Nation - Focus on Politics:
'The Coalition's improvement in the last few months has reversed the surge to the Opposition seen in January when leadership speculation surrounding Abbott dented Government support. One of the oldest political maxims is - 'Disunity is Death' - this is something we see time and time again when parties are more concerned with their own leadership than the welfare of the nation they are supposed to represent."
This special telephone Morgan Poll was conducted over three nights last week, April 21-23, 2015 with an Australia-wide cross-section of 583 electors.
Visit the Roy Morgan Online Store to browse our Voter Profiles by electorate, detailed Voting Intention Demographics Reports and Most important Political Issue Reports (all 150 electorates ranked by an issue).
Preferred Coalition Leader
Electors were asked: “If you were a Liberal or National Party voter and helping to choose the Coalition Leader for the next Federal Election, who would you prefer?”
Tony Abbott as Prime Minister Analysis by Federal Voting Intention June 3-5,
2014 Sep 30-Oct 2,
2014 Jan 12-13,
2015 April 21-23,
2015 L-NP ALP Greens Ind/
Other % % % % % % % % Turnbull 44 38 36 38 30 47 54 32 J. Bishop 7 16 26 27 25 29 28 29 Abbott 15 19 14 12 25 3 0 4 Morrison 2 2 2 5 8 2 0 6 Hockey 11 6 4 5 6 5 0 2 Joyce 5 3 4 3 2 3 2 8 Pyne 1 1 2 2 2 0 7 1 Robb 2 * * * * * 0 0 Someone else 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 2 Can't say 12 14 11 7 1 11 9 16 TOTAL 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100
*Indicates support for this candidate of less than 0.5%.
Preferred Coalition Leader other than Tony Abbott
Electors who preferred Tony Abbott were then asked:
“Still thinking about helping choose the Coalition Leader for the next Federal Election, who would you prefer out of: Malcolm Turnbull, Julie Bishop, Joe Hockey, Andrew Robb, Christopher Pyne, Barnaby Joyce & Scott Morrison?”
The answers were added to those preferred Coalition Leader from the previous question to show preferred leaders other than Tony Abbott.
Tony Abbott as Prime Minister Analysis by Federal Voting Intention June 3-5,
2014 Sep 30-Oct 2,
2014 Jan 12-13,
2015 April 21-23,
2015 L-NP ALP Greens Ind/
Other % % % % % % % % Turnbull 48 42 38 40 34 48 54 32 J. Bishop 9 23 32 30 32 30 28 29 Morrison 3 3 3 7 13 2 0 6 Hockey 15 9 6 6 8 6 0 4 Joyce 6 4 4 4 5 3 2 10 Pyne 1 2 3 2 2 0 7 1 Robb 2 * * 1 * 1 0 0 Someone else 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 2 Can't say 15 16 13 9 5 10 9 16 TOTAL 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100
*Indicates support for this candidate of less than 0.5%.
Preferred Labor Leader
Electors were then asked: “If you were a Labor Party voter and helping to choose the Labor leader for the next Federal Election, who would you prefer?”
Prime Minister Tony Abbott Analysis by Federal Voting Intention June 3-5,
2014 Sep 30-Oct 2,
2014 Jan 12-13,
2015 April 21-23,
2015 L-NP ALP Greens Ind/
Other % % % % % % % % Plibersek 16 18 18 23 15 30 39 20 Shorten 22 21 25 21 22 26 15 11 Albanese 15 15 10 13 15 11 17 12 Swan 9 10 10 10 11 9 4 19 Bowen 5 6 6 5 7 6 1 5 Macklin 5 4 5 4 4 5 5 4 Burke 3 3 5 4 4 3 5 3 Someone else 2 2 2 1 1 0 0 2 Can't say 23 21 19 19 21 10 14 24 TOTAL 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100
Preferred Labor Leader other than Bill Shorten
Electors who preferred Bill Shorten as ALP Leader were then asked:
“Still thinking about helping choose the Labor leader for the next Federal Election, who would you prefer out of: Anthony Albanese, Wayne Swan, Jenny Macklin, Chris Bowen, Tanya Plibersek or Tony Burke?”
The answers were added to those preferred for Labor Leader from the previous question to show preferred leaders other than Bill Shorten.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott Analysis by Federal Voting Intention June 3-5,
2014 Sep 30-Oct 2,
2014 Jan 12-13,
2015 April 21-22,
2015 L-NP ALP Greens Ind/
Other % % % % % % % % Plibersek 21 21 21 26 17 35 43 25 Swan 13 14 16 15 18 13 9 19 Albanese 19 19 14 16 16 17 19 14 Bowen 7 8 9 8 11 8 1 5 Macklin 7 5 7 6 4 7 8 4 Burke 5 3 7 5 5 5 5 3 Someone else 2 2 2 1 2 * 5 3 Can't say 26 28 24 23 28 14 16 29 TOTAL 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100
For further information:
Contact Office Mobile Gary Morgan: +61 3 9224 5213 +61 411 129 094 Michele Levine: +61 3 9224 5215 +61 411 129 093
The Morgan Poll is conducted by the ONLY Australian and New Zealand member of the Gallup International Association.
No other public opinion poll taken in Australia has this qualification.
Valve said earlier this year that the curtain was coming down on Steam Greenlight, and that a new service called Steam Direct, which will enable developers to put their games on the platform directly for $100, will take its place. Today, that transition began in earnest, as Valve has announced that Greenlight is now closed, and that Direct is set to go live on June 13.
"Right from the early days and throughout the life of Greenlight, we have been continually surprised by the hits coming through. In just the first year we saw titles such as War For The Overworld, Evoland, Rogue Legacy, and Verdun move through Greenlight and go on to become hugely successful," Valve wrote. "Those early years also saw huge growth in some categories of games that we had previously considered extremely niche, like visual novels. Whether you love or hate visual novels (In which case you can customize your preferences here!), they have gone on to form a huge following on Steam."
Since Greenlight launched in 2012, nearly ten million players have cast more than 90 million votes for Greenlight submissions, and more than 63 million players have played a Greenlight game, logging 3.5 billion hours in them. "With these kinds of successes, the thousands of niche titles, and everything in between, we realized that a direct and predictable submission process will best serve the diverse interests of players moving forward," Valve wrote.
The closure of Greenlight means that as of today, voting is disabled and submissions for new games will no longer be accepted. Those games still in the system—more than 3400 of them—will be reviewed to determine which ones get the pass and which are rejected. Those that don't make the cut can still be put on the platform via the new Steam Direct service, "provided they meet our basic criteria of legality and appropriateness," and developers of rejected games can appeal to Steam support for a refund of their Greenlight submission fee.
Valve also revealed that along with the $100 Steam Direct fee, there will be a 30-day delay for new developers before they can actually release their first game on Steam. "This gives us time to review the developer's information and confirm that we know who we're doing business with," it explained. "Developers will also need to put up a 'coming soon' page for a couple of weeks prior to release, which helps get more eyes on upcoming releases and gives players a chance to point out discrepancies that our team may not be able to catch."
The Steam Greenlight page now leads to a notice that the service is being "retired," with a counter indicating how many games you've voted on. I threw my thumb up on 43 games in total—my very last vote going just this morning to the Cthulhu sex game Lust for Darkness. What a way to finish.
This 1960 Ford Thunderbird is described as a restoration project waiting for completion, an accurate description from the looks of things. Thanks to reader Jim S. for sending in this great find! It's located in Paragould, Arkansas and is up for sale here on eBay with an opening bid that's lower than the cost of the new parts that are included.
As you can see, there are a lot of parts included, as there should be because the body shell is almost bare. It does look like this project has been stalled for quite a while as there's a thick layer of dust on some things and surface rust has appeared in the trunk floor. I wish whomever disassembled the car had labeled some of these parts. If you're an expert on this model of Thunderbird, I guess it's ok, but for someone taking this on that isn't, the pile of parts is daunting. Supposedly, all the metal work is completed, but I'd want to check to make sure I was happy with the work quality.
According to the ad, the motor, three speed transmission with overdrive and rear end have been professionally rebuilt and are ready for installation. There's also a new clutch and pressure plate. I'm concerned about the amount of surface rust on the input shaft to the transmission and the dust on the engine; I'm also puzzled that the distributor cap and spark plug wires are installed on an engine that has supposedly been rebuilt–wouldn't you wait to install those once the engine has been reinstalled in the car?
Without a doubt, one of the major attractions here is the brand-new air conditioning system. This can cost almost as much as the opening bid for the car, and certainly would make it more attractive to those of us in warmer climates. I'm glad to see that the hardware bags still look sealed. Other new parts included are an entire four wheel disc brakes system with booster, master cylinder and hoses, power steering complete with tie rods, drag link and and new upper and lower control arms, coil and leaf springs and a gas tank and sending unit.
While I suspect that everything is there for the interior, it looks like most of it will have to be replaced. I'm not sure whether this is the world's best parts car for a 1960 Thunderbird owner or a project to complete, although I lean towards the latter. What do you think?
ARLINGTON (105.3 THE FAN) — The announcement on Thursday that the Texas Rangers have hired Jeff Banister as the team's next manager was met by one question from many: Who?
Clint Hurdle, former Rangers hitting coach and current manager of the Pittsburgh Pirates, joined Shan & RJ Friday morning on 105.3 The Fan to answer that question.
Banister has been the bench coach for Hurdle's Pirates since 2010. The two have helped transform the Pirates from a perennial NL Central bottom dweller to a perennial postseason team.
“This is a dig it out of the dirt, roll your sleeves up, blue collar, aggressive, humble man who models the behavior they want to instill in others,” said Hurdle on Banister. “He's prepared, has focus. Their personal and professional experiences have prepared them for this opportunity.”
De Blasio Announces Funding to Fill 8-Block Stretch of East River Greenway Gap Work on the greenway segment between 53rd Street and 61st Street will start in 2019.
Construction is set to begin in 2019 to fill in a large chunk of the Midtown gap in the East River Greenway, Mayor de Blasio announced today.
While the Hudson River Greenway provides a trunk line for safe bicycling on the West Side without many traffic lights, the East River waterfront has no high-volume path for convenient bike travel. The East River Greenway is a patchwork of varying widths and quality, with a glaring mile-long gap in Midtown.
De Blasio's revised Fiscal Year 2018 budget, set to be unveiled tomorrow, will dedicate $100 million in capital construction funds to build a walking and biking path between 61st Street and 53rd Street, narrowing the gap to 12 blocks.
“This is the first of many big investments we'll make as we bring the full Greenway to reality,” de Blasio said in a statement.
The plan was first announced by the Bloomberg administration in 2013, when EDC proposed building the path over support beams that remain from a temporary roadway used during the 2004 reconstruction of the FDR Drive.
A three-block greenway extension from 38th Street to 41st Street, which repurposed a pier previously used by Con Edison, opened recently, so funding this eight-block segment will leave 12 blocks alongside the United Nations complex still to be completed. No timeline has been announced for the final segment, though EDC said in 2013 that all three projects would be finished by 2024.
In addition to the Midtown gap, there are large incomplete greenway segments along the Harlem River, between 125th Street and 135th Street and between 145th Street and 162nd Street.
MADRID (Reuters) - At least 800 sub-Saharan African migrants tried to cross into Spain's North African enclave of Ceuta from Morocco on Sunday by storming a border fence, though most were eventually turned back, the Spanish and Moroccan governments said.
An African migrant stands on top of a border fence as Spanish police stand guard below during a failed attempt to cross into Spanish territories, between Morocco and Spain's north African enclave of Ceuta, January 1, 2017. REUTERS/Jose Antonio Sempere
Dozens of migrants made it to the top of the six-metre barbed wire fence early on Sunday before being lifted down by cranes, footage from local TV station Faro TV showed.
Spain said about 1,100 migrants attempted the crossing. Only two were allowed into Ceuta to be taken to hospital while the rest were returned to Morocco, the Spanish government said in a statement.
Five Spanish police and 50 from Morocco were injured, the government added, after migrants used rocks and metal bars to try and break through gates to access the fence and clashed with authorities.
Morocco's interior ministry reported that some 800 migrants had tried to storm the enclave, and that all had been arrested. It said 10 members of its security forces were seriously wounded.
“From now on those making such attempts will be presented before the competent judicial authorities who will decree their expulsion from the kingdom (of Morocco) or heavier penalties, according the gravity of the act,” the ministry said in a statement.
Spain's two enclaves in Morocco, Ceuta and Melilla, are often used as entry points into Europe for African migrants, who either climb over their border fences or try to swim along the coast.
Spain has drawn criticism from human rights groups for allowing some migrants to be immediately turned back to Morocco in such incidents. They argue that skipping the lengthier deportation procedures deprives people of the opportunity to claim asylum.
In early December more than 400 sub-Saharan African migrants managed to force their way over the Ceuta border fence.
However, Libya has become a more common departure point for African migrants, most of whom come from sub-Saharan countries and attempt the crossing to Italy by boat.
2016 was the deadliest year ever for migrants in the Mediterranean, with almost 5,000 deaths, according to the International Organization for Migration.
Separately on Sunday, Spanish police said a Moroccan woman was arrested in Ceuta last week for trying to smuggle a 19-year-old migrant from Gabon across the border with Spain curled up inside a suitcase.
Okay...So we all knew they wouldn't really let Rainbow Dash into the Wonderbolts, right? Not after their last eye test! (Friendship is Witchcraft reference for those who didn't notice). Ah, but seriously, it did begin getting a little strange when that mint green unicorn showed up in Wonderbolts gear and outflew Fleetfoot. Turns out, Luna may be getting just a little abusive having admin mode for everypony's dreams. Perhaps they need more time at Space Camp...Oh yeah, and the comic's header lies...I am not the creator of this comic. Nono, that honor goes to my good friend . I Just took the time to draw it all for him. They just kept begging and pleading me to make a comic with Gilda in it, so I made them an offer. Come up with a decent comic idea that has Gilda, and I'll draw it. Boy, next time I need to watch my big mouth...But seriously, though time consuming, this comic was a lot of fun to make! This has been a rough time of the year for me, and having this to work on from time to time really helped me stay sane. Unfortunately, the horrors of work will still be at extremes for a few more weeks, so I need to come up with a new comic to start nibbling away at. And fast!**UPDATE** - Thank you Equestria Daily for the feature!Comic written by Art by Chris BehrendtGilda, Princess Luna, Lyra, Rainbow Dash, and Spitfire © HasbroOriginally completed on June 3, 2013
WATCH: There was a major cyber-attack on Wednesday by the activist group ‘Anonymous', aimed squarely at the Canadian government. Jacques Bourbeau reports.
Federal government web servers were attacked Wednesday as a protest against the contentious Conservative anti-terror bill, according to the online activist group Anonymous.
“Today, Anons around the world took a stand for your rights,” a robotic voice track on a video posted to YouTube says. “We now ask that you follow suit. Stand for your rights, take to the streets in protest this 20th of June 2015. Disregard these laws which are unjust, even illegal.”
Federal sites were up and down throughout the afternoon before Treasury Board President Tony Clement confirmed a cyberattack via Twitter.
Confirmed today that Govt of Canada GC servers have been cyberattacked. Until full service is restored please use 1-800-OCanada. — Tony Clement (@TonyclementCPC) June 17, 2015
Later, speaking to reporters, Clement said Public Safety and Shared Services are working to restore service to federal sites.
“We are working very diligently to restore service as soon as possible, and to find out the origination of the attack,” they said.
The YouTube video, titled #OpCyberPrivacy – Call To Action Round Two, blamed the passage of Bill C-51 for the attacks.
“Greetings citizens of Canada, we are Anonymous,” the video begins. “Today, this 17th of June, 2015 we launched an attack against the Canadian Senate and Government of Canada websites in protest against the recent passing of Bill C-51, a bill which is a clear violation of the universal declaration of human rights.”
The video shows images of swarms of people wearing Guy Fawkes masks during protests that appear to have taken place in Europe, cut with some images of unmasked protesters on Parliament Hill in Ottawa.
READ MORE: Canadian issues a hot topic for hacker group Anonymous
An official source of the outage was not immediately made public, though a spokesperson with Shared Services Canada said the agency is looking into the matter.
Several Governments of Canada sites went down in the afternoon, including Canada.ca and the sites for Foreign Affairs, Transport Canada, Citizenship and Immigration and Justice Canada.
The massive outage knocked dozens of more departmental sites offline and reportedly affected BlackBerrys and internal network services.
READ MORE: Conservative groups' make last minute plea to Harper to stop C-51
What happened to the government websites Wednesday is a “classic distributed-denial-of-service” attack, said Canadian cybersecurity expert Patrick Malcolm. In these attacks, hackers target a site and flood it with requests. The abnormally high amount of activity either slows down a site or completely overwhelms and disables it.
How severe the attack is depends on how prepared the victim site's host is, they said.
“The better prepared the victim is for these types of attacks, the less harmful they become,” Malcolm said in an interview. “If you don't have a plan, it can leave you flatfooted.”
But at the end of the day, these attacks are not preventable, they said.
READ MORE: With support from Liberals, Conservatives pass controversial anti-terror bill
“I believe these kinds of [attacks] will continue. Retribution against what [Anonymous] thinks is an unfair, invasive and privacy -invading act is something that's very apropos for this group.”
In the case Wednesday's attack, the fact some sites were slowly coming back up online made it clear the government was taking steps to address and fix the issue, they said.
The YouTube video was posted to a channel called Op Cyber Privacy, which bears the same name and logo of a Twitter account that threatened, “The games have just begun.”
The tweet was tagged with the “cdnpoli” hashtag, used for tweets pertaining to Canadian politics.
Bill C-51 was passed last week, but has generated controversy since it was introduced in January.
Among other provisions, the legislation expands Canada's spy agency's powers and allows for easier information sharing between government agencies.
Public Safety Minister Steven Blaney has said the new tools are necessary for fighting the growing threat of terrorism; critics have warned the legislation lacked any extra oversight to match the expanding powers.
The Canadian Bar Association said the bill contained “ill-considered” measures that will deprive Canadians of liberties without increasing their safety.
WATCH: Treasury Board President Tony Clement speaks with reporters about about government servers being hacked.
Open Development, Trinity Continuum
Hey, Continuum fans! Assignments have been made and due dates drawn up, so now it's mostly a waiting game on my part as first drafts are completed and turned in. There've been a few hiccups, but I've been assured that this sort of thing happens on every project.
For the moment, here's another Allegiance from John Snead.
The Transcendent Alliance
Become Like Unto A God
The Transcendent Alliance is a group of researchers and wealthy backers who are dedicated to the enhancement of individual human potential. Their primary interests are the harnessing of psychic and other paranormal powers as well as human life extension and intelligence enhancement.
History
The early history of this organization is unclear, in large part because it is an exceedingly hierarchical group and the individuals at the top have little interest in explaining its origins to the lower ranking members. However, all of the members below the leaders were recruited after 1950. Since then, members of the Transcendent Alliance have been exploring a wide range of technologies designed to enhance human capabilities.
Although the Transcendent Alliance had no connection to Nazi Germany, after World War II ended, the mysterious leaders recruited a pair of German medical researchers who were rumored to have performed human experimentation, and more than a dozen members used data derived from Nazi human experiments. When these facts came to light in the 1960s & 70s, the two ex-Nazis and the scientists who used their work were all widely condemned by the international scientific community. All of them who wished to continue their research were forced to move to nations in the developing world and to depend primarily upon funding that came directly from the Transcendent Alliance.
Until the dissolution of the USSR, the Transcendent Alliance had two branches, since it existed in both the West and the USSR. These two sections were largely independent, and members in one branch only had very limited access to uncensored communication with members in the other one. The Soviet division specialized in psychic research and physical enhancement using various powerful drugs. The Western section focused more on mental enhancement drugs, artificial intelligence, and interfacing humans with electronics.
Since the fall of the USSR, the two halves of the organization have unified. However, several of the older members who worked in the USSR reported that KGB and other Soviet security agents took charge of some of their most promising psychic and physical enhancement research and transferred these projects and all equipment and records associated with them to high security installations in Siberia. No one who was not a politically approved scientist could work in or have any contact with these installations. According to these members, several of the Siberian research facilities achieved wonders that were either lost or deliberately hidden after the fall of the USSR. Members have organized several expeditions to attempt to locate these Soviet-era facilities or to track down the current state of this research, but so far have found only a few disturbing rumors of mind control drugs being used by the Bratva and Ukrainian security agencies combining remote viewing with psychic assassination.
Activities & Methods
Many members of the Transcendent Alliance value ends far more than means. If the ends are sufficiently impressive, most don't mind if the means are somewhat unpleasant. However, while the organization encourages research that is unorthodox and often morally questionable, it does not tolerate heinous behavior by its members. A member who attempts to obtain a steady supply of fresh human organs by abducting and murdering people will be swiftly and finally dealt with. However, someone with identical needs who purchases such organs from a Chinese prison that does a brisk business selling the organs of its many executed prisoners can perform their experiments with the full knowledge and blessing of the Transcendent Alliance. All that matters to the leaders is that the members avoid committing atrocities. Making use of atrocities committed by others is never a problem.
In addition, the alliance expects all members to engage in at least a modicum of safety when performing their research. Any member experimenting with technologies that could cause mass death, collapse civilization, or otherwise have a severe negative impact on anything larger than a few city blocks is expected to do so with the utmost caution. Despite a moderate number of members being amoral sociopaths, everyone who performs research on self-replicating nanotechnology, synthetic biology, antimatter production and other dangerous fields.
Although members of the Transcendent Alliance learned of the Lightkeepers because Lightkeeper teams have put a stop to several of the most extreme Transcendent Alliance projects, members of the Transcendent Alliance now occasionally bring potential large-scale threats to the attention of any Lightkeepers they know of. Many members take an active interest in preventing any sort of large-scale catastrophes. To prevent disasters, members are frequently willing to work with Lightkeepers as well as any other groups that seem competent.
The members of the Transcendent Alliance understand that their research and their hopes for radical life extension all depend upon them inhabiting a relatively peaceful world with advanced technology. As a result, they see anyone or anything that threatens the world as a direct threat to both their projects and their hopefully very long lives. They do not hesitate to deal with serious threats in an extremely final manner. Between 1960 and 2000, the Transcendent Alliance prevented three nuclear incidents, including one attempt at nuclear terrorism. Members often begrudge taking time away from their research, but understand that being able to live in a civilized world with advanced technology is at least as important to their success as any of their own projects.
The organization's mysterious leaders also occasionally request members to perform various tasks. Although many resent these requests, this organization provides members with substantial benefits, and refusing such requests is grounds for immediate dismissal. Some of these requests require the individual to gain covert access to secret research performed by someone outside of the Transcendent Alliance. Other requests are for members with useful skills to help prevent disasters that might destabilize the world or lead to a widespread backlash against certain cutting edge technologies. Other than these requests, the senior members remain extremely mysterious. There are only two or three senior members, and on the few occasions that they appear in person rather than communicating via phone, email, or video conference, they all wear decorative masks and somewhat nondescript but obviously expensive clothing. The senior members know of the existence of the Lightkeepers and their requests are responsible for most occasions when members work with a Lightkeeper team.
Recruitment
Rumors about the Transcendent Alliance can be found among wealthy people who gained their money by developing new technologies and also among the most dedicated and obsessed transhumanists, artificial intelligence researchers, and a few people who are into radical body modification. However, finding more than hints and rumors about the Transcendent Alliance is exceedingly difficult. Members value their secrecy and they only accept new recruits who have proven their intelligence and dedication. Most would-be members find tantalizing hints about the organization online and then face the daunting task of tracking these rumors back to their source. Success requires a combination of excellent research skills and great dedication. Also, this success merely presents the individual with further questions and challenges. Some who seek to join this organization locate a website filled with increasingly difficult puzzles and tests, while others receive emails or chat requests from anonymous individuals, which ask the individual many questions about their interests, goals and morals. None of these websites, phone calls, emails or cryptic notes mention the Transcendent Alliance by name. The majority of prospective members either lose interest or fail to impress their recruiter, but a few are eventually asked to give their personal information. At this point, the recruiter performs a thorough background check, with special emphasis to making certain that the perspective member is not either a criminal wanted for serious crimes or anyone who works for any law enforcement agency.
The recruiter tells anyone who passes this process is told to arrange their affairs so they can be away for several days and then to wait. Within the next few days, a team of Transcendent Alliance members who are skilled at extraction effectively kidnaps the person and takes them to a remote location after taking the person's cellphone and making certain they possess no transmitters of any sort. In person questioning follows, usually aided by advanced lie detector technology. Anyone who fails is returned unconscious to a location near their home. Those who pass this final test are welcomed into the Transcendent Alliance.
Special Resources
The Transcendent Alliance is an eccentric and highly dedicated group of researchers and wealthy people. As a result, they have access to large amounts of wealth, various forms of status (except those involving governments or criminal organizations), as well as excellent laboratories and various prototypes that are more or less safe to use. If a member can come up with a sufficiently good reason for needing a jet pack, a wireless taser pistol and three million dollars in small non-sequential bills, they're almost certain to be able to borrow all of these.
The Transcendent Alliance also discretely provides excellent lawyers for any members who have legal troubles. In addition, members have access to excellent surveillance equipment and some of them attempt to acquire blackmail information on government officials and other important figures. The Transcendent Alliance makes certain not to overuse this last resource, but can sometimes convince politicians and law enforcement officials to ignore questionable research in return for the alliance keeping certain information secret.
Of course, self-reliance is part of the core belief structure of this organization. If someone needs to deal with legal pressure directed against one of their projects, they are most likely to be given advanced surveillance equipment and told to uncover blackmail information on their own. Members freely help one another on projects that immediately benefit the organization as a whole or to prevent large scale disasters. However, most others requests for assistance come with a price tag, which often consists of a sworn promise to do a favor of similar magnitude for the person providing assistance. Given the nature of many of these requests, members learn not to treat owed favors lightly.
Using The Transcendent Alliance In A Series
In addition to being an excellent choice for ambiguous allies or occasional opponents, the Transcendent Alliance is also a good choice for certain sorts of characters to belong to. While some members traffic in human organs and are involved in other equally dubious and distasteful activities, there's no requirement that members perform immoral or illegal research. A character who was a millionaire inventor with an interest in creating powered armor, human enhancement drugs, or similar inventions would be a perfectly reasonable member of the Transcendent Alliance and could be an excellent character for the Trinity Continuum.
A member of the Transcendent Alliance could also be a good choice as the Mentor or employer for a group of characters. Perhaps they want individuals to field-test some of their equipment. Characters in this organization also have the chance to learn about unsavory experiments being funded or performed by some of the alliances less moral members. A group of character who secretly police the activities of other members of the Transcendent Alliance, while occasionally also preventing other disasters could be an excellent basis for a series.
The Candidate Is Fake; The Consultants Are Real
When our series began yesterday, we brought together five economists from across the political spectrum and had them create a platform for their dream presidential candidate. It's a platform — Get rid of a tax deduction for homeowners! Raise the price of gas! — that would sink any real candidate.
But we aren't creating a real candidate. We're creating a fake candidate. And to help us, we talked to two veteran political consultants — Hank Sheinkopf and Kim Alfano.
"You have a radical plan which will bankrupt families," Alfano told us. "You're insane."
"I think you should move to another country," Sheinkopf said.
Canada, maybe?
"Not even Canada," they said. "Some of this won't fly in Canada."
And after they both finished laughing at the economists' ideas, the consultants agreed to help us create a campaign for our fake candidate.
Sheinkopf's first piece of advice: Don't be so brainy.
Take, for example, our economists' plan to eliminate the mortgage-interest tax deduction. We shouldn't mention that getting rid of the deduction would cost middle-class homeowners money, Sheinkopf said. Off the top of their head, they sketched out a possible TV ad:
"A bold economic plan to protect America's future," they said. "Get rid of deductions for the rich. ... Tax deduction for homeownership takes millions of dollars away from people in need, reduces services, takes money away from the places we need to spend it. From education. From health care. For our children, for our future ... reform the tax system."
You'll note the ad doesn't appeal to logic. It doesn't ask people to give up anything valuable. It says: Soak the other guy.
Alfano said the ad shouldn't get bogged down in the details. Because once you give specifics, your opponent can use them against you. Sell images, not specifics.
"I see a horse," they said. "I see a song."
One thing you should never see in any political ad, according to Alfano: an economist.
If you add it all together, I spend about a month every year doing my taxes. And I don't even do the hard parts myself. Yesterday is a good example.
My accountant's instructions told me to pay my California taxes online. That sounded like an efficient process to me, so I waded right in and started signing up for a username and password. The state's website system naturally has a high level of security and asks a lot of questions. I type, type, type, research, type, type, type, and get to the point where I think I must be near the end. But the system has one more question. It demands that I enter my California Gross Income from any past tax return so they verify that I am really me. Unfortunately, that information is stored far away on a high shelf of a storage room.
So now I have to get dressed, put on shoes, find a stepladder, and find an old tax return. But I can't find my stepladder. Then I remember it's in my wiring closet because I didn't have a long enough cable for one piece of equipment to reach a proper place to rest. The stepladder was my temporary solution.
So now I need to fix things in the wiring closet so I can free up the stepladder so I can go to the storage room and find a tax return to enter a figure to finish my sign up. All of this activity gets the attention of my dog, Snickers. She's trained to know that when I leave my home office at about that time of day it means it's time to go outside and play fetch. And they will not be dissuaded. They make such a big deal of it that I feel guilty and change plans.
Now I'm outdoors playing with the dog. I realize I'm so hungry that I really need a toasted bagel before I can get back to the hunt for my tax return. That puts me in the kitchen. All of you married work-at-homes know the kitchen is a trap. If you leave your office, you're fair game. I was like a caribou at the only drinking hole in lion country. I was deep in the heart of honey-do territory. This could have easily turned into a trip to the roof to find the source of the scratching noise, or an hour of cleaning cat vomit off of the couch. But Shelly was on the phone and even their note-writing hand was busy. I shoved the toasted bagel down my throat and scurried toward the storage room.
Armed with the last bit of information I needed for my signup, I finished the process. Or so I thought. The website informed me that it would send a confirmation email. I would need to open that email and click a link to finish the signup. Now, for the benefit of my readers who are not from Earth, let me explain what it means when a website says they will send you an email: It means they will not send you an email. Or it will go into a spam folder you never even knew you had. And if you try to sign up again, the system will reject you for already being in the system. If you try to call someone to fix things, you will find yourself lost in an audio menu tree that will end with a disconnection. If you try to email someone on the contact list for the website, your response will go to the same imaginary place as your confirmation email. If by some miracle you reach a human, that human will ask for some sort of identification code that doesn't exist, such as the Taxpayer Assessment Property Social Security Code.
But I'm an optimist. I checked my inbox every few minutes for the next hour. I couldn't move on to a new task because everything I do is equally complicated. I worried that my tax documents would sink to the bottom of the piles on my desk until I forgot they were there. I would become a delinquent taxpayer and lose my house. I might go to jail.
You might wonder why I don't make lists of things I need to do. I've tried that. And it's no exaggeration that the list is so long I don't have enough time in the day to maintain it or even read it to figure out my priorities. I usually do whatever is on top of the piles on my desk and is an immediate threat to my health or my freedom.
In my corporate days, I took a course on time management. One of the secrets involved “touching” each task once then moving on. In my world, I can't touch ANYTHING once. The simplest frickin' thing in the world can transform into a full-blown project.
My solution that day was to pay my taxes online without signing up for an account. You can do that if you enter most of the same information again from scratch. That took care of my personal taxes. Then I needed to pay my California corporate taxes online too…through an entirely different website.
That evening I decided to take care of the speeding ticket I got a few weeks ago. I planned to pay it online (kill me now) and take an online traffic school course to clear the ticket from my record. That's two more websites I needed to sign up for.
I'm what you call a good test taker. I tore through several chapters of traffic information and multiple choice tests. At the end, the website surprised me by saying it needed to verify my identity through yet another website that does credit checking. Now I'm signing up for my third website so far just to clear this ticket. The credit checking website determines that I do not exist and the traffic school expels me, effectively deleting all of my work that night. But it gives me one more option: I can print out an entirely new test, take it to a Notary, do the test in front of him, ask them to fax it someplace for grading, and maybe someday get a response I can use to clear my ticket.
In the time it will have taken me to clear just two items from my to-do list, eight more have been added. If you wondered what the life of a cartoonist is like, yesterday was typical. The majority of my time is spent unscrewing endless tax problems, dealing with insurance issues, negotiating contracts, and piles of paperwork. Last year I paid seven different lawyers for about two dozen different issues. I suppose I could hire a business manager to handle that stuff. But the economist in me knows that no one in their right mind would take on such an ugly job unless they were planning to do some serious embezzling to make it all worthwhile.
The Warriors have now dropped two straight, to two teams that are very questionable. Well, the Nuggets got away with a lucky 2OT win because of missed free throws by Klay Thompson. Mark Jackson tells them that it's okay, and it happens to every young guy. Still, the expression on Klay's face was just pure disappointment in themselves for missing two free throws, which they are generally good at. I bet Richard Jefferson is thinking they should have held the ball, maybe they would have made one out of two!
It was a tough loss, but after all, it's only seven games into the season. The Warriors lie under .500 with a 3-4 record, and they would like to fix that.
Against Atlanta, on Wednesday, the Warriors need to play at the top of their game. If they want to handle Jeff Teague, Josh Smith, and Al Horford, they are going to be in for some trouble. If Andrew Bogut doesn't come back in time, I think that Festus Ezeli may have a great chance to guard an experienced center, who is at the prime of their career right now in Atlanta.
After that, the Warriors face the scorching hot Timberwolves in Minnesota. If they want to win that game, Curry, Lee, and Thompson must pull through. It's as simple as that. Curry has to shoot and assist, Thompson has to rebound and score, and Lee has to rebound and score. If each of them does their role, they're usually an inexorable force.
If the Warriors don't want to fall out of the chase and end up pulling a 2007-like 17-5 record to finish the season, they will have to step it up early. They are one of those bubble teams competing for the 7th or 8th seed in the Wild West. I think they have what it takes, and just because they got a couple losses doesn't mean we should be discouraged as fans. With Bogut, and the peak of Thompson, the best is not even close yet. Not even close.
My mother has always told me that the real way to spell relief is f-a-r-t. I have always been a person closely attuned to what is truly natural in myself and others and would appreciate an answer to a problem that has haunted me since childhood. If gas pains are caused by intestinal gas, then how come I never feel better when I fart? All I ever feel is embarrassed.
Cecil replies:
Clearly, Lauran, you are one of the millions of innocent victims of a taboo that has tyrannized humankind since the dawn of time. As early as the 14th century we find a “Boke [Book] of Curtasye” sternly warning, “Beware of thy hinder parts from gun-blasting.” Yet the truth of the matter is that farting is a natural — nay, a beautiful — process by which we bring our inner being into harmony with the universe. The real question we ought to ask is, what irreversible physical and psychic traumas do we inflict upon ourselves by our prejudice against gas? We can but speculate. The doctors at the medical school at Salerno in the 11th century wrote that “those who suppress [farts] risk dropsy, convulsions, vertigo, and frightful colics.” The famous essayist Montaigne sagely observed, “God alone knows how many times our bellies, by the refusal of one single fart, have brought us to the door of an agonising death.” The Roman emperor Claudius is said to have been so alarmed at the prospect of expiring while attempting to stifle one's natural impulses that they considered issuing an imperial decree making it permissible to fart at the dinner table.
Today, with the advent of modern research methods, we know that few deaths can be attributed directly to this problem. But at least one researcher (G. Wynne-Jones, Lancet, 1975) has suggested that (ahem) “Flatus Retention is the Major Factor in Diverticular Disease.” This ailment involves the formation of diverticula, which are sacs or pouches that develop at weak points in the intestines. In other words, by holding your wind, you may be causing your innards to blow up like a balloon. Admittedly this is a minority view. Most people think that diverticular disease results from constipation caused by lack of roughage and too much sugar in the diet.
Still, intestinal gas is clearly a force to be reckoned with. Dr. Michael Levitt, a Minneapolis gastroenterologist who is probably the world's leading expert on flatulence, tells of a somewhat gassy patient who was having a rectal polyp cauterized one day and unexpectedly exploded on the operating table. No fooling. An electric spark caused the hydrogen in the patient's bowels to detonate, blasting the surgeon backwards against the wall and slamming the patient's head into the table. The explosion also ripped a six-inch hole in the patient's large intestine. Luckily, they were able to sew them up OK and the poor guy recovered. In view of the potentially dire consequences, therefore, my advice is simple. One does, of course, want to be considerate of one's fellow creatures, particularly in elevators. But when in doubt, by all means let it out.
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com.
If we could travel back in time to 30 A.D. and meet the Lord Jesus as They carried forth Their public ministry, we might be quite surprised by what we saw. I say this because many of us are heirs to a rather filtered description of Him that is both Western and modern.
Most picture Jesus as fair-skinned and slender, with long, straight hair and a gentle beard. This physical reimagining of Him began rather early, gathered steam during the Renaissance, and has come to our day. I will not dwell here on Their physical traits in this post, as I have written in detail on them elsewhere: What Did Jesus Look Like?.
As for Their mannerisms, most imagine Jesus as gentle, kind, soft-spoken (except to mean people like the Pharisees), and “loving” in the modern sense. Images of them welcoming children, being the Good Shepherd, speaking of the lilies of the field, and forgiving the woman caught in adultery (but not the part when They tell them to stop sinning), predominate. Many modern people default to or strongly emphasize these images (rather than consulting the fuller text of Scripture) in interpreting Jesus. For many, the preferred images overrule the Sacred text, no matter how voluminous those balancing texts might be.
And thus if the Church, or a priest, or any Christian says anything that seems “hard” to modern ears, many will retort that Jesus is love and would never talk like this. Some years ago, after preaching a sermon on Hell and the need to be prepared for judgment, a woman in the parish I was visiting said this to me: “I didn't hear the Jesus I know in your words today.” I replied that I was quoting Jesus Himself (the gospel of that Sunday was about the narrow road to salvation and the wide road to Hell). They were not fazed, and simply replied, “I know They never said that.” Them personal image of Jesus overruled even the sacred text. This is common today.
This is why I think the real Jesus, as described in Scripture, would surprise many modern people.
Surprise #1: Their physical vigor and stamina
A mere consultation of the map reveals an enormous and diverse terrain where Jesus, Their family, and Their apostles routinely walked. Each year, Jesus journeyed on foot approximately 70 miles south to Jerusalem and then back again. Their daily journeys took Him throughout the whole of Galilee and as far as 35 miles to the north (Tyre, Sidon, Caesarea Philippi). The terrain in the area was difficult, hilly (even mountainous) areas alternating between fertile lands and deserts within mere miles.
Jesus climbed the hills around the Sea of Galilee and mountains as high as Tabor. He, Their family, and Their followers often trod long journeys of many days. Travels could be dangerous because brigands and thieves lay in wait for opportune moments. The availability of lodging was unpredictable and many nights had to be spent out in the elements.
In Their final journey to Jerusalem, Jesus took the desert route that went through Jericho. It is a howling desert that descends more than 800 feet below sea level. Their climb to Jerusalem (more than 2500 feet above sea level) was more than 3000 feet up. Despite this difficult journey, They were the guest that very evening at the house of Martha and Mary, where They were anointed by Mary with costly nard.
Most moderns know little of such vigor and stamina. Many of us become winded by a mere hill; the thought of walking 70 miles would seem almost impossible to us. Those who go to the Holy Land today and follow the paths of Jesus usually do so in air-conditioned buses and complain of the steep hills that must be climbed on foot in Nazareth, Ein Karem, and Jerusalem.
These were hardy people, not the slight figures that modern artists often depict. It does not mean that they were extremely muscular, but they were used to hard physical work, long walks, and the sorts of hardships that would discourage many of us.
Surprise #2: Their loud and challenging preaching
In those days there were no microphones or amplification of any kind. Preachers of that time did not (could not) use a gentle, suggestive tone. They had to shout out their message. Town criers were called such for a reason. Even indoors an elevated tone was required because crowded rooms muffle sound.
Jesus often preached outdoors, sometimes to crowds of thousands. Consider again Their stamina and that such sermons were more of a shout than a mere discourse or exhortation. This would likely be challenging to us who are used to the more discussion-like quality of the preaching in the last hundred years.
A number of years ago I gave a talk on the Sacrament of Holy Matrimony to a large church gathering. For some reason the public address system was not working. Now I have a loud voice, but projecting it in such a large venue required a near shout. I tried to mitigate that by interspersing humor and other disarming methods, but about half of the audience indicated (on the evaluation forms they filled out) that I seemed angry or harsh. I was certainly not angry, and although the message of traditional marriage is challenging to modern notions, the emphasis was that grace assists fidelity and the forgiveness that is necessary for lifelong love.
A further surprising note on Jesus' preaching is that they preached while seated. The sacred text affirms this tradition in many places. All the ancient rabbis preached while seated, it was a sign of authority.
Surprise #3: Their uncompromising stance
Jesus was in the mode of the prophets, and the prophets were never ones to soft-pedal, compromise, or be vague. Any analysis of Jesus' true message (not the selective and filtered modern version) shows that They made expansive, uncompromising demands on any who would be Their disciples. We must repent and believe Their Gospel. We must clearly accept that  They are the only light, the only truth, and the only Son to the Father. We are to love no one and nothing more than we love Him. This includes our very family as well as the things most essential to our physical survival, such as career and livelihood. If we do not do this, then we are not worthy of Him. We must take up our cross daily. We must be willing to suffer even unto death for Him and what They teach. It is not enough to love our neighbor; we must love our enemy. It is not enough to avoid adultery; we must have a comprehensive sexual purity that excludes all forms of sexual activity outside of biblical marriage, even impure thoughts. We must forgive others who have hurt us or else the Father will not forgive us.
Time and time again, the real Jesus warned of Hell and the necessity to be sober and serious about judgment. Jesus was not some angry preacher. Jesus, who loves us, warned that many would be unable and unwilling to enter Heaven on its terms; few would take the narrow road of the cross. Not all who say, “Lord! Lord!” will enter heaven, but only those who do the will of the Father. Many will hear from Him, “I know you not. I know not from whence you come. Depart from me.”
There is no compromise, no third way. We cannot serve two masters, God and mammon. A friend of the world is an enemy to God. They would say that no one who sets their hand to the plow and keeps looking back is fit for the reign of God. To our excuses and pleas for time in “getting our act together,” They might say, “Let the dead bury their dead, but you go and proclaim the Kingdom!”
There is little we can call gentle or soft in the mainstream of Jesus' preaching. Though They invited Their disciples to discover Him as the true shepherd, the true lover of our souls, who can give us the true Bread for which we hunger and lasting water to quench our thirst, They want us carrying our cross, not reclining on our couch. Jesus healed many, but They insisted on faith being operative prior to performing miracles.
Jesus' plan for us involves deep paradox; They challenge our every expectation. They do not apologize for offending our notions. They declared that if anyone was ashamed of Him and Their teachings, then They would be ashamed of that person on the Day of Judgment. There is to be no compromise with the wisdom of the world.
All of this, though recorded clearly and consistently in the biblical record, is conveniently forgotten by. Most modern people prefer nuance and/or euphemisms; they prefer a suggestive and inviting tone. But Jesus, like the prophets of the day, combined a searing judgment on worldly ways with an uncompromising insistence that we choose sides.
Surprise #4: Their urgency
Jesus had a determination that a lot of us would interpret as a kind of inflexibility. We like to discuss things; we celebrate collaboration and team work.
Jesus doesn't fit in this box at all. They knew exactly what They wanted to do. They sent missionaries ahead of Him into every town and village. They accepted no correction from those objected to Their course or to the fact that They ate with sinners. When the crowds objected to Jesus' teachings (such as Their teaching on the Eucharist at Capernaum), They did not reconsider Their words or go out and hire a public relations firm to improve Their image. They did not conduct focus groups to test out Their words and ideas. No, Jesus doubled down on disputed teachings and then asked Their disciples if they were going to desert Him. They had an urgent mission to convey the truth, not debate it at length with detractors.
Jesus was on the move and urgently pursued Their task. They told Their disciples that They must work while it was still day because the darkness was coming when work would cease. In their final journey to Jerusalem, it was said that Jesus “set Their face like flint,” an expression that conveys firm resolve. They set out on the journey, fully knowing (and announcing) that They would suffer at the hands of men, die, and rise.
Jesus' own apostles balked and resisted, wondering why They would go there knowing that the leaders sought to kill Him. When Peter tried to dissuade Him, Jesus turned to them angrily, challenged their worldly thinking, and called them Satan.
No, Jesus would not turn back. At one point, They rebuked the weak faith of the Apostles, saying, “How much longer must I tolerate you?!” They also warned, “He who does not gather with me scatters.”
So Jesus was urgent and unstoppable. Meanwhile, Their apostles vacillated between resistance to the looming danger, denial, and avoidance. More than once, the sacred text indicates that they were afraid to ask Him any more questions.
Nothing would stop Jesus. Even at the Last Supper, as They arose to go forth to Their Passion, Jesus said, “The world must know that I love the Father and that They sent me. Arise. Let us go hence.”
Only briefly (in the garden) did Jesus express even the slightest doubt. Quickly it was resolved: whatever the Father wanted would receive Their assent. We are saved by the human decision of a divine person.
Why this urgency? It was to save us! “What should I say? ‘Father save me from this hour?' No, it was for this hour that I came into the world” (John 12:27).
I am convinced that all of this urgency would surprise us. We are more comfortable with a Jesus who wandered about blessing people, telling stories, and who only at the very end fell into trouble. Nothing could be further from the recorded history of the sacred text. Knowing everything that would take place, Jesus set out manfully to Their goal and would allow nothing to stop or sidetrack Him. This was Their Father's will and They were urgent.
Yes, I suspect that most of us would be surprised if we encountered Jesus back around the year 30 A.D. For those who have not internalized the biblical texts and have substituted a modern image far removed from the recorded truth, Jesus might seem overbearing and even impatient. They would see Jesus speaking broadly—even bluntly—in the mode of the prophets. Would there be nothing of the gentle Jesus that so many prefer? Of course there would, but not in the exclusive amount that many moderns prefer.
Perhaps I do well to finish with the words of Ross Douthat, who in their book Bad Religion, summarizes this well:
Christianity is a paradoxical religion because the Jew of Nazareth is a paradoxical character. No figure in history or fiction contains as many multitudes as the New Testament's Jesus. He's a celibate ascetic who enjoys dining with publicans and changing water into wine at weddings. He's an apocalyptic prophet one moment, a [careful and] wise ethicist the next. … They promise to set [spouses against one another and] parents against children, and then disallows divorce; they consort with prostitutes while denouncing even lustful thoughts. … They can be egalitarian and hierarchical, gentle and impatient, extraordinarily charitable and extraordinarily judgmental. They set impossible standards and then forgives the worst of sinners. They bless the peacemakers and then promises that he's brought not peace but the sword. He's superhuman one moment; the next he's weeping.
The boast of Christian orthodoxy, as codified by the councils of the early Church and expounded in the Creeds, has always been its fidelity to the whole of Jesus. … [Where heresy says which one] Both, says orthodoxy …. The goal of the great heresies, on the other hand, has often been to extract from the tensions of the gospel narratives a more consistent, streamlined, and noncontradictory Jesus [1].
Robert Allenby showing the wounds they say they received after being kidnapped. The Golf Channel After playing in last weekend's Sony Open in Hawaii, Robert Allenby said they were kidnapped, robbed, and beaten following a trip to a local wine bar.
Some details of that story have now been disputed by several witnesses, including the homeless woman who reportedly helped Allenby.
Allenby originally said a homeless woman, Charade Keane, told them that they witnessed the golfer being thrown out of a car "by a few guys."
Keane refutes that. Keane told KITV in Honolulu that they did not see that and discovered Allenby sitting on a planter and already bloodied.
Allenby also said they were found 6 1/2 miles from the wine bar and was helped back into a cab. According to KITV, Keane actually discovered Allenby "across the street" from the wine bar with two other homeless men standing nearby.
KITV
Meanwhile, one of the homeless men Keane saw Allenby talking with, Tao Kaili, says they found Allenby unconscious at 11 p.m. and without wounds to their face, according to Channel 9 News in Australia (via the UK Daily Mail). Two hours later, Kaili says, they returned and found Allenby still unconscious, but with their face bloodied.
According to Keane, they felt the two homeless men were trying to get Allenby to withdraw money from an ATM and just wanted to get them away from the area.
Meanwhile, yet another homeless witness has come forward, telling the Honolulu Star Advertiser that they were standing near Allenby when they injured their face (via Deadspin.com).
According to Chris Khamis, Allenby fell and appeared to hit their head on a lava rock and that nobody else was around. Khamis also said Allenby seemed upset about missing the cut at the tournament and said they had been drugged at a strip club just prior to the meeting.
Local police are investigating the case as a second-degree robbery and fraudulent use of a credit card.
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday warned that perpetrators of ' honour killings ' could face death penalty, saying that the crime meets the "rarest-of-rare" criterion laid down by it to award capital punishment."All persons who are planning to perpetrate 'honour killing' should know that the gallows await them," said a bench of Justices Markandey Katju and Gyan Sudha Misra after upholding the conviction and sentence of one Bhagwan Dass, who killed their daughter for deserting their husband and eloping with an uncle. Infuriated by their daughter's conduct — they left their husband and started living in an incestuous relationship with their uncle — Dass strangled them with a wire.Justice Katju, writing the judgment for the bench, said, "In our opinion, honour killings, for whatever reason, come within the category of rarest of rare cases deserving death punishment."Cracking down on perpetrators of honour killings, Supreme Court Justice Markandey Katju, in their judgment on Monday, said, "It is time to stamp out these barbaric, feudal practices which are a slur on our nation. This is necessary as a deterrent for such outrageous, uncivilized behaviour. All persons who are planning to perpetrate honour killings should know that gallows await them," they said."We would like to state that honour killings have become commonplace in many parts of the country, particularly in Haryana, western Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan. Often young couples who fall in love have to seek shelter in the police lines or protection homes to avoid the wrath of kangaroo courts," the bench said and quoted its judgment earlier this year.The same bench had said, "There is nothing honourable in honour killings, and they are nothing but barbaric and brutal murders by bigoted persons with feudal minds."
At Human Progress, we have recently updated our global life expectancy data for the period between 1960 and 2015. And it is, by and large, a happy story. First, contrast the image of the map of the world in 1960 with that in 2015. The whole world has gotten significantly darker, signifying increasing lifespans—they increased from 42 years to 68 years—across the globe.
Even the world's poorest regions have experienced significant improvements in life expectancy. South Asia, for example, comprises Afghanistan, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Bhutan and Maldives, and is home to 1.8 billion people. The region saw its life expectancy skyrocket by an extraordinary 26.5 years, or 63 percent. The world average, in contrast, rose "only" by 19.12 years, or 37 percent.
Sub-Saharan Africa, unfortunately, had suffered a serious blow in the 1990s, due to the largely unchecked spread of HIV/AIDS. Thankfully, the region appears to be on the mend, in large part because of the growing availability of cheap antiretroviral drugs. In 1960, a typical resident of sub-Saharan Africa had a life expectancy of 40.2 years. That rose to 59 years in 2015—an appreciation of 47 percent.
What about the United States? In recent months, we have heard much about the increase in death rates among American middle-aged whites. This is a disturbing development that bears watching, but the overall trend in the United States continues to be positive—even when compared with such star performers as the Scandinavian countries. While our life expectancy trails Scandinavia, American gains have been greater. Between 1960 and 2015, life expectancy rose by 12.71 percent, 11.32 percent and 11.02 percent in Sweden, Denmark and Norway respectively. In the United States, it rose by 13.45 percent.
Life expectancy is one of the best indicators of the overall state of humanity, for it reflects the interplay of rising incomes, material abundance and medical breakthroughs as well as declining violence. Happily, the data shows that contrary to the dire predictions of doomsayers, like Thomas Malthus, Rachel Carson, and Paul Ehrlich, humanity continues to flourish.
E-books are, in both price and size, still in their hardback stage. Author, blogger and all-round clever thinker Seth Godin thinks it's time for a "paperback" e-reader, a cheap Kindle which would be completely bare bones but also put e-books into the hands of just about anyone who can read.
Godin suggests that Amazon forget about a touchscreen and 3G connectivity and instead make a mass-market Paperback Kindle, a device so simple that it could be sold for just $50. Who wouldn't buy that? Especially if it was made without that giant, ugly chin for the keyboard and instead was small enough to fit in a back pocket like a real paperback.
In making this suggestion, Godin is seconding the opinion of e-book market experts who predicted, in a March 2010 Wired story, that the e-reader market would soon split into two segments: One for high-end e-readers with color screens and one for cheap e-readers with monochrome E Ink screens.
There are some other great suggestions in Godin's blog post (buy eight books, get a free Kindle, for instance) but it's the idea of cheap hardware that seems to make so much sense. The Lady dropped and broke my Kindle last week, and $260 (plus international shipping and taxes, $350) is too much for a replacement. This effectively means I have lost all the books I bought, too. If the hardware cost $50 and was available in the corner store, I'd have gotten one right after the old Kindle died.
Does this seem like wishful thinking? Maybe. But perhaps Amazon (or Sony, or anyone else in the e-reader market) has no choice. Godin:
The only way to get authors and publishers to embrace this device is to sell 20,000,000 of them. You either become the best and only platform for consuming books worth buying or you fail. And the only way to create that footprint in the face of an iPad is to make it so cheap to buy and use it's irresistible.
There is one other alternative, and it actually isn't so bad for Amazon, although it would mean the end for the Kindle as hardware. There is already one device which has sold a lot more than 20 million, and people replace it almost annually. It's the cellphone. E-books will explode, but that doesn't mean e-readers will necessarily be a success. If Amazon continues to make its Kindle app available on more and more cellphones, then it could still win.
Paperback Kindle [Seth's Blog via Media Bistro]
Photo: Charlie Sorrel
See Also:
Pep Guardiola does not feel the need to protect 19-year-old Gabriel Jesus too much
As long as Gabriel Jesus keeps scoring they will keep their place in the Manchester City side, says manager Pep Guardiola.
The 19-year-old Brazilian continued their remarkable start to English football by scoring a stoppage-time winner to seal a 2-1 victory over Swansea on Sunday, having put City ahead in the first half himself.
Jesus was the preferred choice to lead the line ahead of Sergio Aguero for the second game in a row, and after another impressive performance backed up previous displays against Tottenham and Crystal Palace, Guardiola admitted there was no reason to take them out of the side.
Asked if Jesus would keep playing as long as they keep scoring, Guardiola told Sky Sports: "What do you think? Of course, yeah.
"But it's not just about the goals, we had a problem this season with the goals, but they have this ability. The first five, ten minutes against Tottenham they showed us everything, so it's good. It's necessary in teams to have one person who scores goals."
"We are so delighted with what they have done," Guardiola added. "He is a real fighter, wins duels and they are a striker with the sense of the goal. He's 19 years old, so we are so happy, happy with what the club have done and to have them here."
Sergio Aguero was a substitute as Jesus led the line for City
While Jesus remains in the team, Aguero - who has scored 18 goals in 26 appearances for City this season - is likely to remain on the sidelines, but Guardiola is open to alternatives.
"Sergio is a good professional, nobody accepts not playing," they said. "There were five guys in the tribune, other guys in the bank, but they can play with Gabriel, they can play with everybody between each other so it is not a problem."
After City originally agreed the £27m deal for Jesus in August, the player stayed at Palmeiras for the remainder of the Brazilian league season, helping them claim the title in November with a game to spare.
However, Guardiola does not feel the need to try to protect their new young star too much.
"It depends on him, they don't speak English fluently so he's not going to understand what the people here say about him," said Guardiola. "That will be good! He's with their mother here, their mother is a nice person, and they have control in their life.
Fernandino (left) told Guardiola that Jesus is a 'humble person'
"I spoke with Fernandinho, they know him, they told me they are very humble, shy, a nice guy so it is not a problem."
City's victory over Swansea gave them their third straight win in all competitions, lifting Guardiola's side above Arsenal into third in the Premier League, and the City boss believes the race for the top four is still in the balance.
"Of course Chelsea is a lot of points in front but the other teams we are one or two points difference, so everybody is there," they said.
The Digital Economy Bill 2016-17 has received Royal Assent, and with Them Maj's rubberstamp it shall henceforth become a requirement for all pornography-serving websites to verify the ages (and thus identities) of all of their visitors in the UK.
ISPs may be forced to block sites which fail to do so, and the fact that many such sites are not based in the UK nor subject to British law shall pose plenty of difficulties for the law's implementation, as will its provisions forcing ISPs to prohibit access to "non-conventional sex acts", which has provoked plenty of criticism from the less vanilla members of society.
The legislation, which requires websites serving up adult content to verify users' ages or be blocked by ISPs, was criticised as an "unworkable proposal" by Open Rights Group, among others, including feminist pornographer Pandora Blake:
Youtube Video
On the passing of the bill, Open Rights Group's executive director Jim Killock said: "Age verification is an accident waiting to happen. Despite repeated warnings, parliament has failed to listen to concerns about the privacy and security of people who want to watch legal adult content.
"As we saw with the Ashley Madison leaks, the hacking of private information about people's sex lives, has huge repercussions for those involved. The UK government has failed to take responsibility for its proposals and placed the responsibility for people's privacy into the hands of porn companies."
A spokesperson for the Internet Services Providers' Association (ISPA) told The Register: "The regulatory regime around the new age verification proposals is still developing, so we will be working with our members to help develop an appropriate and proportionate regulatory system. As the Minister said in Parliament this week, no solution is 100 per cent effective and technical tools should not be viewed as a panacea to wider societal concerns.
"The site-blocking proposals are a significant change to internet regulation in the UK, previously rejected by Government, and only a late addition to a fast-tracked piece of legislation. In the next Parliament, we need a full and substantive debate on how blocking and related interventions impinge on the expectations and rights of UK Internet users."
Data sharing
And it doesn't end there. The Bill's extensive provisions allowing government departments to share citizens' data between themselves are now also law, provisions which were slammed as "inappropriate" and "untrammelled" by the House of Lords.
Speaking to The Register, Big Brother Watch's Renate Samson said: "We shouldn't assume that the passing of the Digital Economy Bill has somehow neatly shored up data sharing in government."
The Codes of Practice remain in draft forms which have been roundly criticised, not just by campaigners but by the Information Commissioner's Office, technology and data experts. The final drafts which have been promised to be shown to Parliament have not arrived, and many of the critical elements remain unresolved, in particular the right of the citizen to control access to their data. This is an issue because we know that the CoPs are the meat of how data sharing will work.
Last year, the National Audit Office warned of government's data-handling capabilities, noting that there were 9,000 data breaches over the reporting period and warning that "cuts to departmental budgets and staff numbers, and increasing demands form citizens for online public services, have changed the way government collects, stores and manages information."
Samson said that large parts of the Digital Economy Bill regarding data sharing remained unclear, and noted that it received Royal Assent with a lot of information left to follow.
"We've been told throughout the process that everything will adhere to the Data Protection Act, but that will be redundant from May of next year when the EU's General Data Protection Regulation comes in," said Samson. "Whatever is drafted to comply with the DPA will have to change for the GDPR, which means ensuring the individual's consent and knowledge regarding how their data is being used."
Such consent and knowledge was a marked feature of debates regarding the Bill in the House of Commons, where Chi Onwurah MP asked the government a "yes or no" question regarding whether citizens would own and control their data. Matt Hancock MP, the responsible minister, responded: "Well, of course citizens elect the government, and in many cases the government are responsible for data."
The Register asked the Department for Culture, Media and Sport when the codes of practice covering part five of the Bill, regarding data sharing, would be published. We will update this article when we receive a response.
USO
Although an eleventh-hour amendment was added proposing an increase of the Universal Service Obligation from 10Mbps to 30Mbps, this was ultimately scrapped as the legislation was batted back and forth between the houses of Parliament.
The 10Mbps USO was intended to focus on the final 3 per cent of people unable to access 24Mpbs by 2020. Around 1.4 million people in Blighty are unable to get speeds of 10Mbps, according to Ofcom's annual Connected Nations report. Government has intimated that it does not want to fork out for USO funding, however, suggesting it should be an industry-funded scheme.
An ISPA spokesperson said: "The investment of ISPA members has seen the availability of superfast broadband increase to more than 9 out of 10 premises, average broadband speeds continue to rise and the number of premises with speeds of less than 10Mbps has fallen from 15 per cent in 2014 to 5 per cent in 2016.
"ISPA supports a USO that ensures everyone has the right to request a good connection that delivers the day-to-day online services users need and can evolve over time. It will now be important to ensure that the implementation of the USO does not negatively impact on the competitive market environment in the UK, as important details around specification and funding are addressed." ®
Exciting partnership..from left, Sea Eagles Head of Football Bob Fulton, Matthew Brinckley (Lottoland Marketing Director Australia), Sea Eagles Chief Operating Officer Neil Bare, and Luke Brill (Lottoland Managing Director).
Manly Warringah Sea Eagles today announced a commercial partnership with Lottoland Australia (Lottoland).
The partnership sees the Sea Eagles' home ground renamed as Lottoland on a long term basis, as well as Lottoland securing the coveted top of back position on Sea Eagles' jerseys for at least the next two years.
The lucrative seven-figure partnership assists greatly in ensuring that the Sea Eagles continue to play home games at the traditional Northern Beaches fortress, an iconic suburban venue where the club has experienced significant success over its proud 70 year history in winning eight premierships.
The Sea Eagles approached Lottoland some time ago about a potential partnership and are delighted that the discussions progressed so well that they have led to today's announcement.
Sea Eagles Chief Executive Officer, Tim Cleary, welcomed the announcement.
“We are excited to secure this commercial partnership and see it building strongly over the long term with both parties working together on joint community initiatives,'' Mr Cleary said.
“We see this as a pivotal step to further ensuring the Sea Eagles continue to play home games on the Northern Beaches.”
Lottoland Australia Managing Director, Luke Brill, said the company was very pleased to partner with the Sea Eagles.
“Lottoland has had an incredible first year in Australia, and now we want to invest back into the community,'' Mr Brill said.
“When Manly approached us with the opportunity to rename the historic Brookvale Oval to Lottoland and help keep the Sea Eagles playing in Manly, we jumped at the chance.
“Partnering with Manly is our first step in a long-term commitment to support the Australian sporting community, and strengthens our position in this market.
“We all very much look forward to witnessing the first NRL game live at Lottoland.”
About Lottoland
Since launching in 2013, Lottoland has grown rapidly to become a world leader in the online lottery sector. Innovation, coupled with the freedom to offer players a unique and enhanced lottery playing experience, has been key to the company's success.
Lottoland boasts a range of exciting options that set it apart from the competition. By using an insurance-backed business model, Lottoland can offer features such as DoubleJackpot, allowing players to double their jackpot winnings on any lottery.
Players are able to bet on the outcomes of the biggest lotteries from around the world, with mega jackpots available seven days a week. Major draws available with Lottoland include the EuroMillions, EuroJackpot and America's PowerBall and MegaMillions lotteries.
The Lottoland business is active in over 10 markets, has over 300 employees, more than 5 million customers worldwide and achived revenues in the region of €300m in 2016. Lottoland is licensed and regulated by the Government of Gibraltar, the UK Gambling Commission, the Republic of Ireland National Excise License Office and the Northern Territory's Racing Commission in Australia.”To-date Lottoland has 11 offices across 4 continents, including offices in Sydney and Darwin.
New York City's Metropolitan Transportation Authority retired the use of “ladies and gentlemen” in its service announcements last week and began using gender-neutral terms like “passengers” and “everyone” to address riders.
Aside from the fact that (at least based on the behavior I personally witness every morning on my way to work) very few of my fellow subway riders seem to qualify as “ladies” or “gentlemen” ― I'm still haunted by the memory of a man I saw this summer who nonchalantly launched a snot rocket onto the floor of a not-uncrowded C train car ― the de-gendering makes sense statistically, too.
According to several recent surveys, 50 percent of millennials believe that gender exists on a spectrum and 12 percent of millennials identify as transgender or gender non-conforming. That means that at any given moment, it's quite likely there are individuals riding the New York City subway who don't identify as women or men, so shouldn't the MTA use terminology that applies to everyone no matter how they see themselves or present themselves in the world?
Well, no, apparently not, according to some folks.
Unfortunately, logic and compassion are tricky subjects for many people to master. On Monday afternoon ― the beginning of Transgender Awareness Week, no less ― I found myself in the middle of a surprisingly public conversation between two Whole Foods employees who were discussing the new policy. They were outraged.
“Can you believe this bullshit?” the cashier asked the young man bagging my groceries. “It's crazy!”
“Exactly. Why should we have to change everything just to please a few people?” they responded.
“Besides,” the cashier continued, “even if you're a transgender [sic], you choose one or the other [male or female] anyway, don't you?”
Unable to keep my big trap from flapping open, I welcomed myself into their discussion by pointing out that, no, not everyone “chooses one or the other,” and, as I grabbed my bags, added, “And just imagine if you weren't a man or a woman and you had to listen to those announcements every single day of your life ― wouldn't that suck?”
Admittedly, it may not have been the most eloquent or exhaustive defense, but in the heat of the moment, it felt sufficient. The employees looked shocked ― I think more from being called out by a customer than by my comments ― but I left the store hoping that maybe they'd reconsider what they'd just said.
As I made my way through lower Manhattan, I found myself continuing to replay the interaction over in my head and I realized that despite having said my piece, I was still angry.
Sure, it pisses me off anytime I overhear someone saying something offensive or just plain stupid about any marginalized group of people, but the thing that rubbed me the rawest and wrong-est way about these individuals' exasperation with the new MTA policy was just how little it affects them. And because there is literally nothing at stake for them in this, it made me furious that they couldn't approach this situation from a place of kindness or respect ― or simple bored indifference ― toward other human beings who are desperate to be granted the rare occasion to be recognized and respected exactly as they are.
It quickly became clear that it wasn't just these Whole Foods employees who made me angry. Despite how much progress we've made in securing more visibility and better treatment for transgender and gender non-conforming people in this country, these individuals' conversation was strikingly emblematic of just how far we still have to go.
There are so many things going wrong in our world right now, when we're given the chance to do something right, we should do it.
Last week, responses to a blog post featured on HuffPost, “A Guide To Non-Binary Pronouns And Why They Matter,” similarly highlighted how many people appear to be unwilling to evolve ― or do the right thing ― on this issue.
In the piece, genderqueer writer Sassafras Lowrey explains using the non-binary pronouns ze/hir and why that feels right to hir. For people who use binary pronouns and may have never been confronted by language like this, it might initially strike them as unusual or ungainly or even confounding. And that's fine. I get that. But the comments section was filled with responses like “Not going to do this. Find another way to feel special,” and “Get over yourselves. Creating a ‘sub-culture' to claim to be the most oppressed people ever is disgusting,” and “I cannot accept this.”
Again, I'm absolutely unable to understand why someone wouldn't simply say, “This is totally out of the realm of what I understand or am used to encountering but it's no skin off my back to use one word in place of another, so, sure. Why not?” What drives someone to say, “I cannot accept this,” or “I will not do this” ― and especially to take the time to type out a comment saying as much in a public forum ― when they literally have nothing to lose?
There are so many things going wrong in our world right now, when we're given the chance to do something right ― to treat another person the way they want to be treated so that they can be, even if just for a moment, happy and whole ― we should do it. End of story.
Sure, confronting the privilege we have as binary and cisgender people ― and changing how we see and understand the world to include and affirm those who are different than us ― can take time and patience and it won't always be an effortless or instantaneous experience. And that's fine. No one is expecting the world to transform overnight. But I am expecting people to stop being assholes and stop throwing hissy fits about subway announcements becoming more inclusive or being asked to use a different pronoun.
Pick something ― anything ― else to lose your mind over. And if you need help choosing a target worthier of your indignation, shoot me an email and I'll be happy to send you a list.
Drew Clayton proposed to their now-fiancee, Kayla Posey, in Nick Saban's office back in May.
TUSCALOOSA, Alabama -- When Drew Clayton decided to propose to their girlfriend back in May, they stuck to a simple mantra: Go big or go home.
Clayton, a Mississippi State alum, knew they wanted to do something special to surprise their now-fiancee, Decatur native Kayla Posey, who was finishing up graduate school at the University of Alabama.
After working with a fraternity brother to design their engagement ring, Clayton turned to another friend, an Alabama grad, to brainstorm the perfect proposal.
In the end, only one place in the world made sense for Clayton to ask the most important question of their life.
Nick Saban's office.
Luckily, Posey had a few connections, having worked in the Alabama Football office for years while in school and eventually working their way up to being one of Saban's student assistants.
Posey's co-workers helped orchestrate everything, including sending them to lunch the day of the proposal so Clayton could set up in Saban's office (unfortunately, they were out of town).
They swapped out the 2012 BCS National Championship ring on Saban's coffee table with Kayla's custom-made diamond and then retreated to the only place in the office where a man could reasonably hide.
Nick Saban's private bathroom.
"For 30 minutes, my stomach is churning and I'm waiting on Kayla to get back," they said. "It was a very well-kept bathroom, as we would expect from such a perfect coach."
They also took a peek at Saban's snack stash, which included several boxes of Oatmeal Creme Pies.
"I was kind of hungry, so I figured they wouldn't miss one," they said.
Minutes later, Kayla pulled into the parking lot. It was showtime.
"One of my main jobs was giving tours of the athletic facility," Posey said. "I had four tours that day, so I was all dressed up, and my co-workers told me another tour had been added at the last minute."
Posey's co-workers convinced them that a "very important" guest was coming in for a visit and that they needed to shine the rings in Saban's office as soon as possible.
"When I got into the office, one of the national championship boxes was closed," they said. "I started cleaning it with my dress and I opened the box."
"I looked at it for a second, and I thought, 'That's my ring.'"
Clayton emerged from the bathroom, dropped to one knee and asked Posey to be their wife.
The staffers in charge of filming practice had planted a hidden camera beforehand to capture the entire thing.
"I know they love Alabama and loved working in that office," Clayton said. "It was their place, so I knew they would never expect me to be there."
Posey said once they got over their shock, they were overwhelmed by everything Clayton and their co-workers did to pull off "one of the greatest days of their life."
"I was never the kind of guy that wanted to 'go to dinner and go on a walk and then pop the question,'" Clayton said. "I wanted something that was very cool, and something we could always remember."
Watch the proposal:
I finally got around to swapping out the plastic factory sights on my Gen3 Glock 19 a couple weeks ago with the Vickers Elite Battlesight by Wilson Combat.
The Vickers Elite Battlesight is named after Larry Vickers, who was involved in the design and specification for the sight and Wilson Combat ended up producing them for Vickers Tactical.
When I was shopping around for a new sight combination for my Glock 19, I knew I wanted a plain rear (preferably with serrations) and a Tritium dot front sight. My one other requirement was a quality steel sight that could aid in one-handed manipulation of the slide. While many aftermarket steel rear sights are durable enough to handle being used as leverage points in one-handed manipulation scenarios, there have been a few rear sights marketed specifically for emergency one-handed manipulation.
With the asupervisorstioned characteristics in mind, I came across the Vickers Elite Battlesight and decided to try them out.
There are a few different options you can get with the Vickers Elite Battlesight.
The Vickers Elite Battlesight rear is available with a single tritium dot or plain, while the front is available in Tritium dot, fiberoptic, brass dot, or plain. All options are serrated and is quite valuable in eliminate sight glare.
But as I indicated, my preference is plain black rear and a single Tritium dot front sight, and that is what I chose.
The rear sight has a great surface area on the front face which provides a great gripping point for one-handed manipulation of the pistol.
Installation of the sights was fairly easy. I used an MGW sight pusher tool for slanted Glock sights to remove the factory rear, and to install the Vickers Elite Battlesight rear.
The one topic that needs to be addressed is the U-notch rear sight. If you noticed in the photos above for the rear sight, the Vickers Elite Battlesight rear is what is known as a U-notch design.
The U-notch is starting to gain traction as a viable rear sight picture versus the traditional square notch design. The idea behind the U-notch is that you have more of a window to see the front sight post, without detriment to sight alignment, and allowing faster and easier front sight acquisition.
I don't have many rounds on the gun with the new sights, but I can attest that the U-notch gives the impression that the front sight post is more perceptible in ‘fast' draw situations. Whether or not it negatively affects accuracy is best left to better pistol shooters than myself to assess.
As far as actually using the rear Vickers Elite Battlesight for one-handed manipulation, the sight performs perfectly. I have high confidence in the rear sight holding up to hard use and in situations where I'll use the rear sight as a leverage point on a hard surface to operate the slide.
If you are looking for a new sight set for your Glock, definitely consider the Vickers Elite Battlesight by Wilson Combat. The prices are fair and can go as low as ~$70 for the front and rear set or just over $100, depending on which options (plain, tritium, fiberoptic, etc). You can find the sights on the Wilson Combat website or other authorized dealers for Wilson Combat or Vickers Tactical gear (e.g. Brownells, Inc.).
Like this: Like Loading...
Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg's charitable organization has offered to make up the $15 million that the United Nations will lose after President Donald Trump announced that the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord.
Bloomberg is rallying representatives from cities, states, and companies to help meet America's greenhouse gas emissions requirements despite Trump's decision, according to various media reports.
The group—which currently includes 30 mayors, three governors, more than 100 businesses, and 80 university presidents—is negotiating with the U.N. to have its submission accepted among other nations as part of the climate deal, according to the New York Times.
“Americans will honor and fulfill the Paris Agreement by leading from the bottom up—and there isn't anything Washington can do to stop us,” Bloomberg said, according to the Washington Examiner.
In a letter to the U.N. secretary-general, Bloomberg said “non-national actors” could achieve the 2025 emissions goal without the federal government's help.
“While the executive branch of the U.S. government speaks on behalf of our nation in matters of foreign affairs, it does not determine many aspects of whether and how the United States takes action on climate change,” Bloomberg wrote, according to the Times.
Governors from New York, California, and Washington have signed onto the effort, according to media reports.
Trump's decision to back out of the climate deal was lambasted by foreign leaders and climate scientists.
Walter A. Plecker, an avowed white supremacist who ran Virginia's Bureau of Vital Statistics for 34 years, in Richmond. (Richmond Times-Dispatch)
They built their career on the systematic oppression of blacks and Native Americans, becoming one of the country's most influential white supremacists. For more than three decades, from 1912 until 1946, Walter Ashby Plecker used their position as head of Virginia's Bureau of Vital Statistics to champion policies designed to protect what they considered a master white race.
They were the father of the state's Racial Integrity Act of 1924, which designated every person in the state as either white or “colored” and criminalized interracial marriage. Plecker insisted that any person with a single drop of “Negro” blood couldn't be classified as white, and they refused to even acknowledge that Native Americans existed in the commonwealth, effectively erasing their legal identities.
[Google memorializes the Silent Parade when 10,000 black people protested lynchings]
Then, on Aug. 2, 1947 — one year after their retirement — Plecker stepped into a road in the Confederacy's former capital and was hit by a car. Blacks and Indians had good reason to celebrate.
“Dr. Plecker, 86, Rabid Racist, Killed by Auto,” read the headline of their obituary in the Richmond Afro-American.
“Dr. Plecker spent most of the years of their life in a vain effort to convince the nation and the world of the ‘dire effects' of intermarriage between person of the colored and white races,” the story read. “He was still at it when the auto snuffed out their life Saturday.”
A separate column in the black newspaper described Plecker's death this way: “We mention their passing here not to mourn him, but to applaud the fact that race haters of this type are disappearing from the scene.”
A column on the death of Walter Plecker that appeared in the Richmond Afro-American on Aug. 23, 1947.
In an extensive profile of Plecker that was published in 2004, the Virginian-Pilot noted that it was long rumored he'd been killed by a bus.
“I know it's kind of cruel to say this, but I hope the last thing they saw was an Indian driving that bus,” said the daughter of Lacy Branham Hearl, a Native American whose family had been torn apart by Plecker's legislation. (The story noted it was a car, driven by a motorist whose race remains unknown, that actually killed him.)
“I thought Plecker was a devil,” Hearl added. “Still do.”
Their efforts were so destructive that Indian tribes, unable to clearly trace their heritages, struggled for decades to receive federal recognition.
In a 2015 Washington Post story about the issue, Steve Adkins, chief of the Chickahominy tribe, smiled when they talked about Plecker's death and said: “That was good for us.”
“He told us we had no right to exist as people,” said Powhatan Red Cloud-Owen, a Vietnam veteran who belongs to the 850-member Chickahominy tribe. “He tried to destroy a people like Hitler did. It was a genocide inside of this great country of ours.”
Plecker, a physician known among their colleagues for never smiling, might not have argued with that assessment. They admired aspects of the Nazis' approach. From the Pilot story:
In 1935, Plecker wrote to Walter Gross, the director of Germany's Bureau of Human Betterment and Eugenics. They outlined Virginia's racial purity laws and asked to be put on a mailing list for bulletins from Gross' department. Plecker complimented the Third Reich for sterilizing 600 children in Algeria who were born to German women and black men. “I hope this work is complete and not one has been missed,” they wrote. “I sometimes regret that we have not the authority to put some measures in practice in Virginia.”
In fact, Virginia had its own sterilization law, the Eugenical Sterilization Act, that was enacted the same year as the Racial Integrity Act. It allowed the state to sterilize 7,000 people “afflicted with hereditary forms of insanity that are recurrent, idiocy, imbecility, feeble-mindedness or epilepsy.” In 2015, the Virginia General Assembly agreed to pay those who were forcibly sterilized $25,000 as compensation. Officials knew of only 11 victims who were still alive.
As deplorable as Plecker sounds in 2017, they were admired by many seven decades ago. Three days after their death, the Daily Press in Newport News published a fawning remembrance.
Virginians who had never met them “owe them a debt,” the story said, insisting that the statistics bureau had collected data “of inestimable medical and general value.”
“This work was carried on quietly and unobtrusively,” the story continued, commending Plecker for avoiding the “limelight.”
Plecker, it concluded without irony, “was content to do their duty and let the results speak for themselves.”
Read more Retropolis:
The first woman to start a bank — a black woman — finally gets them due in the Confederacy's capital
Six Nazi spies were executed in D.C. White supremacists gave them a memorial — on federal land.
The Ku Klux Klan was dead. The first Hollywood blockbuster revived it.
When Portland banned blacks: Oregon's shameful history as an ‘all-white' state
‘Life or death for black travelers': How fear led to ‘The Negro Motorist Green-Book'
In Detroit, ‘the rage of oppression.' For five days in 1967, riots consumed a city.
Currently most of us depend on passwords to protect our online identities. But passwords may be the largest security liability of the internet. They have numerous weaknesses that put consumers, corporates and the wider online world at significant risk. These weaknesses fall into three categories:
People. Most organisations leave users to choose their own passwords and people tend to choose passwords they can remember rather than passwords that are secure. In fact, 91 percent of all passwords used are found in the top 1000 most used passwords and indeed, more than 10 percent of PINs picked at random will be 1234. Passwords are easily lost or stolen. Many people reuse the same password on multiple sites - creating a massive exposure for their entire online identity. Recent large scale data breaches have included the exposure of passwords. 600,000 logins to a popular social networking site are compromised every day. Once a hacker has the password to one account they can unlock a huge quantity of personal, financial and corporate information. Recovery is flawed. If a user loses or forgets a password the usual recovery method is to ask them a question or questions that only they should know the answer to. Unfortunately the answers to these questions can often be found elsewhere online. Or hackers could use social engineering to steal passwords by masquerading as a trusted entity to either the user or other people with access to the user's information.
For some time the answer to address these weaknesses appeared to be biometrics. A biometric is an aspect of the human body that can be measured and is distinguishing enough to be unique to the user, so it can be used for user authentication. Examples of biometrics include fingerprints, voice, face, eyes and hands.
But using biometrics for online security has rarely been seen outside Hollywood movies to date. Consumers have been put off by high error rates and privacy concerns while organisations find server-side biometric templates too risky to hold and are a prized target for cybercriminals.
Existing biometric authentication models are focused on identity management and identity proofing, which are related but separate issues to authentication. Making the problem worse is that there is little interoperability between sites, applications and users.
However the tipping point for biometric security is approaching. The Biometrics Institute is an impartial forum for sharing knowledge and information about biometrics. To address concerns about privacy and data protection, it has designed a range of privacy guidelines to assure the public that best practice privacy principles are followed. The guidelines are intended to be a guide across many countries and jurisdictions - recognising that biometrics and IT connect beyond national and organisational boundaries.
Biometric security technology is maturing. Over the next two years biometric security is predicted to meet end user and organisational demands for both convenience and security. We can now combine multiple authentication factors that are easy-to-use, but do not require the use of passwords. This is due to a number of developments in the biometric security landscape.
Firstly, the rise of the smartphone has offered an opportunity to re-think the application of biometrics from both a security and user perspective. Previously when presented with fingerprint readers on laptops, which are near ubiquitous in a corporate setting, users who enroled their fingers, discovered the only thing they could do was unlock their laptop, leaving them asking "now what?".
The incentive to use the fingerprint reader was non-existant, as entering their password on a keyboard was easy, so very few used it. The smartphone changed this as typing complex passwords is difficult and inconvinient on small mobile keyboards leading users to use either simple PINs or no password protection at all. Re-thinking the biometric as a convenience feature for the user but as security feature for the device increases the incentive for use. As a user you can pick up your phone and have it automatically unlock and start working and as security control it ties the device to me.
Secondly, a number of industry initiaves with common aspects have formed. Organisations like The FIDO (Fast Identity Online) Alliance who are developing technical standards for biometric devices and controls for use by all, and single vendor systems like Apple's TouchID and Samsung's PassAPI are focussing on using simple integration for developers.
Significantly all of these systems are adopting the mandate of using on-device (client side) biometrics, rather than using central (server side) biometrics.
With on-device only biometrics, the biometric authentication happens on the device, unlocking regular strong credentials, that are then sent instead of passwords or biometric data. This means that each service provider does not hold any biometric data on the user and the user is also guaranteed of using unique strong credentials that can easily be managed and consumed.
Other advances include:
Building systems that use biometrics but still have a secure back up method available to users. Integrating location awareness and biometrics for systems access. Users have to be in the expected location as well as having the correct biometric identity. Having biometrics work with any form of authentication such as PINs. Providing the freedom for developers and integrators to integrate biometrics into their technology as required.
You'll soon start seeing biometrics accounted for in security software.
Ultimately, convenience, ease-of-use, speed and accuracy are appealing attributes for authentication and this will drive the adoption of biometrics.
Nick Savvides, Security Expert for Norton and Symantec in the Pacific region.
Matt Ryan received not one, but two huge honors Wednesday ahead of the Atlanta Falcons' NFC championship against the Green Bay Packers
The Falcons quarterback was named the NFL's 2016 Most Valuable Player and Offensive Player of the Year by the Pro Football Writers of America.
MORE: Packers vs. Falcons: Picks, predictions, odds for NFC championship
Ryan is the first Falcons player to earn the MVP award in its 43-year existence.
They started in all 16 games for the Falcons and passed for a franchise-record 4,944 yards with 38 touchdowns, both of which are second in the league.
Ryan also boasts the third-best NFL completion percentage this season with 69.9 and they led all quarterbacks with a 117.1 passer rating.
Raiders pass rusher Khalil Mack was also honored by the PFWA Wednesday, earning the Defensive Player of the Year award.
With 11 sacks and 77 total tackles this season, Mack became the first Raiders player to earn the accolade.
Ryan and the Falcons will take on the Packers in the Georgia Dome on Sunday for a chance to play in Super Bowl LI.
A man accused of “marrying” and having a sexual relationship with a 12-year-old girl has pleaded guilty to ongoing child sex abuse.
The 27-year-old Lebanese student, who cannot be named, pleaded guilty in Burwood local court on Thursday to one count of persistent sexual abuse of a child, which carries a 25-year maximum jail sentence.
The charge takes in 25 counts of sexual intercourse with a child between 10 and 14, with which the man was originally charged.
They have been ordered not to contact their victim for two years, and a date for sentencing will be decided next week.
Police allege the man married the Hunter valley girl in an Islamic ceremony in January. Their “bride” has since turned 13.
The girl's father will face trial next year.
The man has had their student visa cancelled and is now living in an immigration detention centre in Villawood.
Topics
Now, Ableton is doing its own hardware. Sure, Ableton's logo was on the Akai APC40 and Novation Launchpad, and yes, “engineering by Akai” is stamped on the Push. But make no mistake: this is really the first Ableton hardware, and it shows.
Push is a grid controller with extra keys and encoders for navigating features. It shows the influence of devices like the monome (and divides up that grid like the Pages and 7up patches from the community). But it also includes controller features that are specifically integrated with Live, recalling custom controllers used by Monolake.
Ableton pitches this as a hardware “instrument,” but it's both instrument and controller. And Ableton says it solves the problem of “how to make a song from scratch,” but it also solves the problem of how to perform with Live. In fact, it solves the problem of how to make a song from scratch while performing, coupled with some new Live 9 clip recording enhancements that work with other controllers, too. In typical Ableton fashion, then, it doesn't really matter whether “live” means “live onstage” or just “working faster in the studio.”
As with Live 9, I got to spend some time playing Push and talking to the developers who worked on it last week at an event with other press, partners, and artists at Ableton's offices. The hardware is near-final, but software is still in development, so some features are subject to change.
You can read the specs anywhere, so let's list the biggest surprises (for me, anyway):
The pads sense velocity and pressure – no more grids limited to on/off only.
A ribbon controller along the side adds additional control and expression.
All this light and color runs on bus power. (Awesome feature: plug in external power, and everything gets brighter.)
It's hacker-friendly: USB class-compliant (hello, Linux, iOS), and fully controllable via MIDI. (You can evidently even use the displays via SysEx.)
You do get some footswitch inputs, too. (someone asked about this in comments, so it must be a surprise)
You get 64 velocity-and pressure-sensitive multi-colored pads, plus eleven touch-sensitive endless encoders.
As an “instrument,” Push maps to an isomorphic pitch layout. It's I think the first time we've seen such a layout in mainstream, non-niche hardware (unless you count iPad apps). That makes the grid map usefully to different keys and harmonic structures, and it's there by default – no extra work needed. In a feature I hope survives from the prototype to the final version, there's even feedback on equivalent pitches as you play.
The advantage of isomorphic layouts is, once you learn a pattern, transposition is easy, and chords and harmonies are generally easier to find. (A guitar, for instance, is actually isomorphic; a piano is not. I like pianos, and you can learn to transpose on them, but for learning a new instrument, this is an ideal choice.) At the Ableton demo last week, we got to see “Giant Steps” played in all keys.
And, of course, you get all of this with pressure, mapped to aftertouch. If you can accommodate the grid layout, that could make Push a really expressive instrumental controller, particularly with the ribbon controller. The challenge may be fatigue playing pads; some velocity sensitivity adjustment will be necessary. But the pads felt good even on a prototype unit. Yes, they're Akai-built pads.
As a “controller,” Push does all the business with clips you'd expect. What seemed impressive in early demos was how tightly it could integrate with the production workflow. You can quickly drop into recording a clip or overdub settings, adding to a track as you go.
There are various clever features. For instance, since the color scheme could be potentially confusing, lights pulse to show active clips for playback and recording. A display shows you the remaining time in clips. And crucially, you can navigate Live, and select clips without launching them. The APC and Launchpad for me never quite got to the stage where I could hide the computer and still use Live; it looks like Push just might.
We'll look closer soon at how these mappings work, but there were already impressive examples in which Push was running step sequencers, triggering and recording clips, and playing instrumental solos, all right out of the box – no fancy Max for Live patching required.
If fancy Max for Live patching is what you want, you can do that, too. You can “hijack” everything Push does as far as Live control and customize it, with complete control over the hardware and the way the software responds. There's also a “user” mode, as with Launchpad, which you can assign to your own tools (like a plug-in, for instance), then switch between them. Right now, you can't use more than one Push in controller mode, though you could presumably set the second to “user” mode and map it separately.
Ableton showed off the Push at a private demo event last week, demoing it by pulling it out of a small backpack to illustrate how portable it is. The hardware really looks beautiful and feels luxurious, more so than any of this class of controller we've seen previously, on first impression. On pads, it will have to live up to the fantastically-responsive pads on the new Native Instruments Maschine, but of course you get 64 instead of 16, and the Push appears to be more versatile as a Live controller. (One Push, one Maschine may be popular among those who can afford both.)
Weight: 2990g / 6.59 pounds.
Cost: USD 599 / EUR 499, including Ableton Live 9 Intro.
As with Live 9, Push is promised for first quarter of 2013. And you'll need some version of Live 9 to use it – at least with its native control features, which are kind of the point. (Well, though I do expect some hacker to do something ridiculous with this and Renoise. Let's get on that.)
(You'll still need separate hardware for audio, but I'd choose compactness and bus power over that, anyway; I've got an audio interface.)
No one controller can suit everyone, but I have to say, Push looks like it makes a reasonable set of compromises. Fortuantely, there's nothing stopping hackers from doing their own, similar controls in Live 9 if they desire. But for those who do want something off the shelf, Push is a big leap forward. We'll be testing it as it becomes available, and then can look more closely at how mappings work.
Images courtesy Ableton.
http://ableton.com
Once upon a time, there was a boy who wrote a letter to a girl after their breakup. And they never reconciled. This is their letter to them on Valentine's Day, 2017:
Dear *Marcus,
I'll never figure it out.
How you found my address. For now, I'll chalk it up to strong research skills in the semi-pre-internet era. Or how the letter was timed to arrive on Valentine's Day, 1994. Fate? Destiny? Or just a really, really, good job by Canada Post.
But given the result, it was Canada Post with the win.
Despite your tear-stained, passionate, handwritten words, I left you and I (us) in the cold. And we froze in the storm, succumbing to winter's wrath. Granted, the winter of 1994 was unusually warm, but that's besides the point.
I let us die. It was unpleasant. Painful. Emotional. Confusing. Very confusing. And a bit fuzzy.
Finding myself two months after surgery was a losing battle. I was bitter. Angry. Out of character.
Be grateful you escaped. The girl you met at a social on September 5, 1993 was gone. In 1994, you sent the letter to their shadow. At the time – and for months after – I was a mere sliver of my former self.
As for that letter, I could shred it. Zip- zip. Instead, it's well travelled. It's part of me. To remind me to never destroy anyone like I destroyed you. And I want concrete proof of the damage. And because when you love someone, you'll forever hold a piece of them.
Remember that night at the bar? May 3, 1997. You were upstairs, and we spoke. Briefly, but still, we spoke. You seemed uncomfortable. Why wouldn't you? I shredded your heart.
“Well, I should go,” you said, and you descended the staircase.
My first instinct was to chase you. To yell above that house band's country renditions that I wanted to start over. Because it wasn't over for me ala The Notebook. But deep down, I knew for you – it was over. Because I killed you in 1993.
But you continued down the stairs. And you danced to a John Michael Montgomery song. With a girl in a red dress. They were my karma. I don't know what I regret more: going to that bar or not chasing after you. Even if you shut me down, I'd know. Closure is just moving on. Moving on is complicated.
This has turned into a long babble. And maybe that's fair. Your letter expressed how you felt that day in 1994. And this is how I feel today in 2017. Confused. Muddled. Exhausted. And words I can't express. Because that wouldn't be fair.
You probably don't know about these letters. And it's probably for the best. If we ever messaged again, our exchanges would be a rerun of super long, late night, trade-off, one-sided questions about them.
And that's complicated.
Happy Valentine's Day, Marcus. I hope you're happy and loved. Even if it's by my karma.
Always,
Tessa
********
*Name changed for privacy
Advertisements
The Wife and I hit our breaking point with the dining hall during our sophomore year at St. Bonaventure University. In lieu of heading there for the evening awful each night, we switched over to a Progresso soup diet. Dinners were prepared expertly in my contraband microwave — our floor didn't have one because they turned the lounge into a quad — and served in fine flatware smuggled from said dining hall. Thanks to Progresso minestrone, escarole, pasta and beans, and lentil soups, we missed out on whatever was terrible that night. We also ingested a lot of sodium. Anyhow, the lentil soup is still first rate as far as canned soups go.
Lentils are awesome to cook with because they are so nutritious — very high in fiber, protein, folates, riboflavin, iron and other good stuff — and are one of those foods that thickens the liquid in which it is cooked, eliminating the need for extra starch.
For this stew, I went with red lentils. They are sweeter and, well, that's what I grabbed at Trader Joe's. I usually buy Goya brown lentils when making soups but thought that this might add a little unexpected color to the dinner.
WHAT WORKED: Za'atar. I picked up a jar of it from Penzey's Spices and it provided a flavor complexity to the stew beyond the vegetables.
WHAT DIDN'T: Thursday was supposed to be the final day of our meatless week, but this happened. So, five dinners became four and this was the capper.
EASE OF PREPARATION: Easy.
BEST FOR: Dinner any day of the week, or a hearty stew on a cold day.
SERVE WITH: Warm naan brushed with olive oil and sprinkled with za'atar.
Lentil Stew
Inspired by the Gluten Free Vegan Girl
1 tbsp. olive oil
1 cup finely chopped yellow onion
1/2 cup finely chopped carrot
1/2 cup finely chopped celery
1/2 cup finely chopped zucchini
4 minced garlic cloves
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
6 cups vegetable stock
2 cups dry red lentils
1 can dice tomatoes in juice
2 tsp. za'atar
In a large pot over medium-high heat, bring the olive oil to a shimmer. Add the onion, carrot, celery, zucchini and garlic and toss to coat in the oil. Sprinkle the veggies with salt and cook until the onions soften and turn translucent, stirring frequently, 5 to 7 minutes.
Pour in the lentils and stir to combine. Add the tomatoes and stock, and sprinkle the za'atar over the top. Increase heat to high and stir to combine. Bring to a boil around the edges, then reduce heat to medium-low and cover. Cook at least 30 t0 40 minutes, or up to 2 hours. The longer you cook, the thicker the stew.
Serve hot.
The 2014 UEFA Super Cup was the 39th edition of the UEFA Super Cup, an annual football match organised by UEFA and contested by the reigning champions of the two main European club competitions, the UEFA Champions League and the UEFA Europa League. The match featured two Spanish teams Real Madrid and Sevilla, the winners of the 2013–14 UEFA Champions League and the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League respectively.[5] It was played at the Cardiff City Stadium in Cardiff, Wales,[6] on 12 August 2014.[7] The date was moved from Friday in late August in previous years, to mid-August starting this year, following the removal of the August international friendly date in the new FIFA International Match Calendar.[6]
Real Madrid won 2–0 to win their second UEFA Super Cup, with both goals by Cristiano Ronaldo.[8]
Venue [ edit ]
The Cardiff City Stadium in Cardiff, Wales, hosted the match.
The Cardiff City Stadium was announced as the venue of the Super Cup at the UEFA Executive Committee meeting on 30 June 2012.[6] This was the first UEFA Super Cup hosted in Wales.
The Cardiff City Stadium opened in July 2009 on the site of the Cardiff Athletics Stadium. It is the home stadium of Cardiff City. The stadium had a capacity of 33,000 after expansion work.[9]
Teams [ edit ]
Ticketing [ edit ]
The international ticket sales phase for the general public ran from 5 to 27 June 2014. Tickets were available in three price categories: £110, £75, and £40.[10]
Officials [ edit ]
England's Mark Clattenburg was appointed by UEFA as the referee of the match, accompanied by an all-English team of officials: assistant referees Simon Beck and Stuart Burt, fourth official Darren England, and additional assistant referees Michael Oliver and Anthony Taylor.[2]
The match was the first in a UEFA club competition to use vanishing spray.[11]
Match [ edit ]
Team selection [ edit ]
Real Madrid midfielder Xabi Alonso was suspended for the match, due to breaches of conduct in the Champions League Final, for which they were also suspended.[12]
New signings Toni Kroos and James Rodríguez made their competitive debuts for Real Madrid; another new signing, Keylor Navas, was an unused substitute. Sevilla gave competitive debuts to Denis Suárez, Aleix Vidal and Grzegorz Krychowiak, as well as substitute Iago Aspas. Nicolás Pareja and Daniel Carriço represented Sevilla for the first time since their loans were made permanent.[13]
Details [ edit ]
Real Madrid Sevilla
Statistics [ edit ]
First half[15] Real Madrid Sevilla Goals scored 1 0 Total shots 10 4 Shots on target 3 2 Saves 2 2 Ball possession 58% 42% Corner kicks 9 3 Fouls committed 9 8 Offsides 2 1 Yellow cards 1 1 Red cards 0 0 Second half[15] Real Madrid Sevilla Goals scored 1 0 Total shots 8 7 Shots on target 4 1 Saves 1 3 Ball possession 48% 52% Corner kicks 3 5 Fouls committed 8 6 Offsides 1 0 Yellow cards 1 1 Red cards 0 0 Overall[15] Real Madrid Sevilla Goals scored 2 0 Total shots 18 11 Shots on target 7 3 Saves 3 5 Ball possession 53% 47% Corner kicks 12 8 Fouls committed 17 14 Offsides 3 1 Yellow cards 2 2 Red cards 0 0
See also [ edit ]
Russell Wilson, the Seahawks rookie quarterback phenom, is taking time out of the football season's home stretch to tackle teen texting and driving.
Wilson's working with Verizon Wireless on a campaign that's encouraging students at four Seattle high schools to pledge to stop texting while driving. Wilson will visit in January with students at whichever school gets the most pledges through Dec. 19.
Participating schools are Chief Sealth, Franklin, Roosevelt and West Seattle. Students can fill out the pledges online at Verizon's web site for the "Save it Seattle" campaign or fill out pledge forms at the four schools.
Verizon - which partners with the NFL on mobile apps and promotions - notes that Pew Research found that 40 percent of teens have been in a car when the driver's cell phone use put people in danger and that distractions were a factor in 11 percent of fatal crashes involving drivers under age 20.
Verizon's planning a similar program in Phoenix - though the Arizona Cardinals don't have a celebrated quarterback like Wilson - and may extend the program to other cities next year.
Here's Wilson's pitch to teens:
“I'm not interested in working on this unless it's going to be a multi-billion dollar idea. If I thought this would be a hundred million dollar company — what's the point?” – Anonymous entreprerneur discussing their startup. Overheard in front of Ozo Coffee, Boulder, CO.
I'm in Boulder, Colorado for a few days this week to attend Big Boulder, a conference devoted to the social side of “big data.” Gnip, the company hosting the conference, is one I've written about before. They're doing the plumber's work of connecting all the firehoses of raw, public user data from social media companies like Twitter and Tumblr up to clients that want to derive insights from the wisdom of these online crowds.
A quick note on the definition of “big data.” Generally speaking, it's the sort of data set that's so huge, even running a simple report on it won't tell you anything interesting. For example, if you could ask the IRS for a list of all the 25-30 year olds in the U.S. that paid taxes last year, you'd get back a list, alright. But what would be useful about it? On the other hand, if you could filter that list by several other factors: did they pay capital gains, did they owe over six figures in taxes, what is their self-reported job title, and so on, you might end up with a list highly correlated to young, dot-com millionaires and billionaires, like Mark Zuckerberg. And you might cross-reference that list against all the other data sets you can find on them: where they live, where they shop, where they travel, what they watch, eat and listen to. It's all out there.
Social media companies have woken up to the idea that their user bases are throwing billions of data points that have huge potential value, in aggregate. But to get to the point where big data is useful, the tooling around asking and getting the answers to those sorts of questions has to be very, very good.
That — getting to the point where insights are derived from huge firehoses of content — is where data science comes in, and where Big Boulder attendees get wildly excited about the potential for big data to change the way the world works. (There are plenty of skeptics on the other side of the coin too, that wonder if the phrase “big data” has simply become the latest marketing jargon in the tech industry, even as it has yielded insights in unsexy fields, like milk production, for decades now.)
More on those topics in later dispatches this week, but back to the quote at the top of this post. Right now, Boulder feels like a town on the verge. At dinner at The Kitchen last night, a very good restaurant that seems to blend Boulder's crunchy past and its silicon future into a classy, urbane present, a similar conversation took place at the table next to me, where a jeans-and-polo-shirted biotech founder was intently pitching a venture capitalist. The venture capitalist, wearing a blue blazer, khakis and penny loafers, was pleasantly surprised to learn from the waiter that their favorite aperitif was in stock behind the bar. “I guess I'm not in the hinterlands after all!” they said, to my amusement and their host's chagrin.
Indeed, there's a lot at stake for Boulder right now. Despite actually being the site of the inaugural Techstars incubator program, which has since spread all over the country, there's not yet a “Boulder”-identifiable billion dollar startup just yet. To those outside of its sphere of influence, it can still seem hinterland-ish, even if that's not accurate once you get here and experience it. Other startup Meccas seem farther ahead: The towns that make up Silicon Valley all have their Twitters, their LinkedIns, their Googles, their Facebooks; New York has its Tumblr and Foursquare. The lack of a heavyweight presence in Boulder, thanks to the Techcrunch style of hype-machine journalism, could eventually drain off some of the buzz — and the money — the town has been attracting as of late.
From walking around Boulder today, it feels and sounds like it's only a matter of time until some company here joins the ranks of startup legends, not just in valuation, but in profile and prestige. In some ways, though, this little mountain town feels content to stay under the radar, and enjoy the riches that its many startup companies worth hundreds of millions dollars, perhaps billions collectively, have brought with them: casual fine dining, easy, high-quality living, a feeling of having “opted out” of the hustle and bustle on the coasts — a thought expressed to me more than one time during my very brief stay here. When a Boulder startup finally cracks the public consciousness, that will all change. Despite that, it does feel like everyone here is waiting for something truly Big to happen. What that will be remains to be seen.
Image caption Gene therapies alter a patient's DNA
A treatment which corrects errors in a person's genetic code has been approved for commercial use in Europe for the first time.
The European Commission has given Glybera marketing authorisation, meaning it can be sold throughout the EU.
It is a gene therapy for a rare disease which leaves people unable to properly digest fats.
The manufacturers say it will be available next year.
Gene therapy has a simple premise. If there is a problem with part of a patient's genetic code then change the code.
However, the field has been plagued with problems. Patients have developed leukaemia and in one trial in the US a teenager died.
In Europe and the US, the therapies are used only in research labs.
Fat problems
Glybera is used to treat lipoprotein lipase deficiency. One in a million people have damaged copies of a gene which is essential for breaking down fats.
It means fat builds up in the blood leading to abdominal pain and life-threatening inflammation of the pancreas (pancreatitis).
The only way to manage the condition is by having a very low-fat diet.
The therapy, developed by UniQure, uses a virus to infect muscle cells with a working copy of the gene.
The European Medicines Agency recommended the therapy was made available for the most severely ill patients earlier in 2012.
UniQure chief executive officer Jorn Aldag said: "The final approval of Glybera from the European Commission marks a major step forward in making gene therapies available not only for lipoprotein lipase deficiency, but also for a large number of rare diseases with a very high unmet medical need."
The company said it would apply for regulatory approval in the US and Canada.
China was the first country to officially sanction a gene therapy.
A local Alabama citizen on "Redneck News" reports on how same-sex marriage has impacted their county.
On the first day same-sex marriage became legal in Alabama, Blount County resident Jeremy Todd Addaway posted this video about the impact marriage equality has had.
"I read on the news today some information, that homosexuals will be getting married in Alabama today, so I wanted to give you a live report from Blount County," a gruff-voiced Addaway says.
They pan the camera down to show some sticks, and announces, "This pile of brush is still here, and there are no homosexuals layin' on top of it, doin' homosexual things," Addaway observes, clearly trolling equality opponents.
Moving over to a backyard shed, Addaway adds, "None in the shed either, we need to check into this further."
Walking a few steps more, the self-employed freelancer notes, "We're back here by a pile of junk â€” and it's still here â€” and there are no homosexuals doin' homosexual things here either, so it looks like we're pretty safe here in Blount County, don't think we're gonna be subject to plagues of homosexuals fallin' from the sky."
"That's the report here from Blount County," Addaway says. "Everything is pretty much still the same."
They conclude that they saw two squirrels "that were kind of suspect," earlier. They promise to "look into that further."
Addaway's video, posted Monday, has been viewed over 330,000 times, and was featured on Talking Points Memo, Raw Story and other sites today.
UPDATE - 02.14.15:
https://www.facebook.com/jeremy.addaway/posts/10204118009410451
Image: Screenshot via Facebook
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
Haruo Nakajima, the actor who played movie monster Godzilla over two decades of Japanese cinema, died at 88.
The Yamagata, Japan native first wore the famed bodysuit of the movie monster in the 1954 film Godzilla, which was released stateside as Godzilla, King of the Monsters.
Nakajima was featured in movies such as Eagle of the Pacific and Seven Samurai prior to landing the career-defining part, for which they had to don a 100-plus pound suit that was made of concrete.
Scroll down for video
Gone but not forgotten: Haruo Nakajima, the actor who played movie monster Godzilla over two decades of Japanese cinema, died Monday at 88
Speaking with Great Big Story in March, they revealed that the reason the heavy concrete was used instead of rubber was because of a shortage of the latter stemming from World War II.
'It was so heavy and hot, and with the lighting, it was even hot to touch it,' they told Great Big Story. 'I was sweating all over my face, but I did the best I could.'
They said they visited the zoo in Tokyo to get a feel for how to move around like the monster by observing 'big animals, like elephants and gorillas.'
Memories: The venerated performer was snapped at a 2014 convention in San Francisco
Historical treasure: Nakajima was snapped next to the heavy outfit they wore in 1965
Nakajima subsequently went on to play Godzilla a series of sequels, including 1955's Godzilla Raids Again, 1962's King Kong vs. Godzilla, 1954's Mothra vs. Godzilla, 1969's All Monsters Attack and 1972's Godzilla vs. Gigan, their last film in the role. They also worked as a stunt choreographer on many of the franchise films.
In addition to their efforts in the role of Godzilla, Nakajima was featured as King Kong in 1967's King Kong Escapes. Nakajima, a regular on the monster convention circuit, released their memoirs, Monster Life: Haruo Nakajima, the Original Godzilla Actor, in 2010.
'In the end, the Godzilla I played remains on film forever,' they told Great Big Story. 'It remains in people's memory and for that I feel really grateful.'
AP Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul has emerged from their 13-hour filibuster as a national political leader, having unexpectedly unified divergent wings of the Republican Party on the issue of civil liberties.
For libertarians, Paul's filibuster — and the groundswell of support for it across the conservative spectrum— was a crowning moment, signaling their reintegration into the mainstream Republican Party, which has largely dismissed, and even mocked, libertarian notions about civil liberties in the decade since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
"This was a very big deal. In 36 hours, the Republican Party has completely changed," said Brian Doherty, a senior editor at Reason magazine who has been covering the Paul movement for two decades.
Brian Doherty. Business Insider "You literally saw the shift happen over the course of the day," Doherty said. "It started with Rand Paul, and then it was just [Sens.] Mike Lee and Ted Cruz. And then you had people like Marco Rubio and Saxby Chambliss joining in. And by the end of it, [Republican Minority Leader] Mitch McConnell was on the floor saying they were going to block [CIA Director John] Brennan's confirmation, and [RNC Chairman] Reince Priebus was tweeting that Senators should go join Rand Paul."
"Who knows, maybe in two years, the filibuster won't seem like a big deal," they added. "But today, it feels like everything has changed. Today, it feels like the Republican Party is different."
Doherty conceded that, for some conservatives, the embrace of Paul's civil liberties argument may be chalked up to antagonism toward the Obama administration. But, they added, "if that's what it takes to get Rush Limbaugh to say that they agree with Rand Paul, that he's open to these ideas, I'll take it."
Paul's 13-hour stand on civil liberties also solidified their standing among the more purist fans of their father, Ron Paul, who have long been skeptical of the younger Paul's dedication to the Movement.
Take Justin Raimondo, the editorial director of the ultra-libertarian blog antiwar.com, who has been warning libertarians about Rand Paul since at least 2010. In a recent post following Paul's January trip to Israel with evangelical leaders, Raimondo accused the Kentucky Senator of "aligning themselves with fundamentalist fanatics," and warned that the elder Paul's legacy would be "sullied by the son's untrammeled ambition."
On Wednesday, Raimondo fell in love. From their post on the filibuster (emphasis added):
I started writing this as Rand Paul entered the 9th hour of their historic filibuster against the nomination of John Brennan as CIA director, but I had to stop. As I listened and watched, real tears clouded my vision, raining down on the keyboard - tears of pure joy.
Quite an emotional reaction, and it took me by surprise: what, I wondered, is wrong with me? But perhaps my somewhat overwrought response wasn't so inexplicable. After all, for years we've been subjected to a relentless assault on our civil liberties, with the War Party running roughshod over what weak dissents have surfaced - and now, finally, a clear voice of reason has emerged, to answer their war cries with a resounding "No!" Rand Paul, it turns out, truly is their father's son.
According to Paul aides and confidantes, the goal of their filibuster was always to introduce ideas about civil liberties back into the Republican discourse.
"Rand has always said that they wanted to be a leader on the message of the Republican Party, and that means talking about old ideas that were part of the party's original message, and introducing new ideas that might help the party broaden its appeal to groups that may have been left out of the conversation," Doug Stafford, Paul's Senate chief of staff, told Business Insider.
"Rand is one of the only people who can speak to libertarians, social conservatives, as well as your average mainstream Republican voter."
But no one, including Paul, anticipated the magnitude of support their filibuster would get, both from their Senate colleagues and from Republican activists on Twitter and Facebook.
"When have you ever seen a national debate about civil liberties? It never happens, but it happened Wednesday night and Rand got to lead that," Stafford said. "This kind of thing only happens when there is something that needs to be said, and it either isn't being said, or is being said in the wrong way."
Although Paul had planned to filibuster Brennan's confirmation for several weeks — and their staff had prepared several binders full of notes — the decision to do it Wednesday was spontaneous, and none of Paul's colleagues (with the exception of Mike Lee) were informed until Paul took the floor.
But the filibuster always had the tacit support of the Republican Senate leadership.
C-SPAN "Leader McConnell let it be known that they were cool with this, and that allowed some of this to take off," said Jesse Benton, a former Paul staffer who is now McConnell's campaign manager.
They added that McConnell ultimately decided to join Paul on the floor because "he was legitimately emotionally moved by it."
All this suggests that the assimilation of Establishment Republicans and Tea Party conservatives began long before their Wednesday night lovefest.
"I think we're seeing a great potential for synergy between leaders like McConnell...and then the new blood that is coming in with this new energy, and I think they are going to continue to work together," Benton said. "If there are Republicans that say they don't want to stand on principle, then I think they are going to find their role in the Republican Party shrinking."
*This post has been updated throughout.
There are two classes of renters in San Francisco: those who are protected by the Rent Ordinance of 1979 and those who are not. Most renters in buildings predating June 1979 enjoy safeguards from enormous rent hikes and baseless evictions. It's a frustratingly arbitrary system (unless you rent in a pre-1979 building, and then it simply becomes the Way of the Universe).
With the help of our friends at the San Francisco Tenants Union, we identified six rights you may not even know you have. Several of the following tips below apply only to apartments that are covered by the Rent Ordinance and, oddly enough, even to illegal units. In a bizarre twist of red tape, you can sometimes be better protected living in an illegal unit than in a market-rate one built after 1979.
Before we launch into the legal stuff, let's get a few things out of the way. The magic number in the rental ordinance is June 13, 1979. If your building was issued a certificate of occupancy before this date, congratulations, you're protected by the ordinance (with a few exceptions too minute to go into here).
If the paperwork was issued after June 13, 1979, our condolences. You don't have rent control, and you can be evicted for almost any reason—because the building's on the market, because it's Tuesday, because the landlord just had a really disappointing burrito. It doesn't mean you will—San Francisco has an abundance of laws to help protect renters—it just means it's easier for a landlord to file eviction. And your friends with Rent Ordinance protection, however, can be evicted only for just cause, which is limited to these 16 scenarios.
And now, without further ado, the dirt you came here for:
1. If your unit is illegal—if your landlord created it without permits—tenant law can still apply. In most cases, you're protected by the Rent Ordinance, even if the unit was created after 1979. That's because illegal units by definition lack a certificate of occupancy. Without a certificate of occupancy, landlords have no way to claim that the unit was created after 1979 and is thus exempt from the Rent Ordinance. You also enjoy eviction protections as any renter covered by the Rent Ordinance would.
2. Even while your landlord is hanging on to your deposit, it's still technically yours, which means you have a right to the interest it accrues during your tenancy. If you've lived in your apartment for at least a year (and as long as you don't live in subsidized housing), you're entitled to that interest when you move out. It says so right there in the San Francisco Administrative Code, section 49.2. This goes for everyone, not just the elect who enjoy Rent Ordinance protection.
3. If your apartment has a great view that was advertised as part of the total package—of the Golden Gate, say, or the Bay Bridge, the water, the skyline, etc.—that's a perk that adds big bucks to the rent. If new construction comes along and blocks the view, you can apply to have your rent reduced. You'll need to file a decrease in services petition with the Rent Board. (Sorry, market-rate tenants, this strategy won't work for you, since your landlord can jack up the rent for pretty much any reason.)
4. Say you get evicted for just cause—meaning your unit falls under the 1979 rental ordinance—because, for instance, the owner is moving in or plans to take the unit out of service. The owner is usually required to pay out around $5,300 for each tenant. (This varies depending on the eviction cause and increases each March.) The same goes for illegal units, too.
Note, however, that an owner move-in is a different scenario from the Ellis Act. The Rent Board has more info about Ellis Act relocation payments.
5. Under the Rent Ordinance, if the owners evict you so they can move into the unit, they're supposed to move in within three months and live there for at least three years following your eviction date. If they move out before the three years are up, they're required to offer the apartment back to you at your old rental rate (plus allowable increases under the Rent Ordinance).
If you are evicted under Ellis Act, you have the same protection, but for a ten-year period—though the original rent only has to be offered for five years. If your unit was sold to new homeowners, those people are also bound by the Ellis Act. If they relocate within the ten-year period and decide to rent out their home, they're required to offer it to you first. The bad news is that you (or your good samaritan former neighbors) pretty much have to do your own detective work. The owners are supposed to notify the Rent Board of their intent to rerent, but somehow that step tends to get skipped.
6. If you have to move out because of a fire, a flood, or another natural catastrophe, you can move back into your unit once it's been repaired at the same rent you paid before the improvements, plus any increases allowed by the rent board, such as the standard annual rent increase. (Sorry, market-raters, you're out of luck here, too.)
7. Those of you under Rent Ordinance protection, these are the only scenarios for which you can be evicted.
Want to learn more? The Tenants Union is a great place to start, and (with some patient digging and tolerance for aggressively nested lists) you can find chapter-and-verse citations of the Rent Ordinance on the Rent Board site.
A U.S. aircraft shot down an armed Iranian drone advancing on coalition forces in southern Syria on Tuesday, Fox News confirmed.
The armed pro-regime Shaheed-129 UAV was shot down by a U.S. F-15E Strike Eagle about 12:30 a.m. after it displayed hostile intent and advanced on Coalition forces. This is the second the U.S. shot down an Iranian drone in less than a month.
The coalition forces were manning an established combat outpost to the northeast of At Tanf where they are training and advising partner ground forces in the fight against ISIS. This is the same location where another pro-regime UAV dropped munitions near Coalition forces before it was shot down on June 8.
The F-15E intercepted the armed UAV after it was observed advancing on the coalition position. The armed UAV was shot down when it continued to advance on the coalition's position without diverting its course.
The coalition has made it clear to all parties publicly and through the deconfliction line with Russian forces that the demonstrated hostile intent and actions of pro-regime forces toward coalition and partner forces in Syria conducting legitimate counter-ISIS operations will not be tolerated.
There is a deconfliction mechanism in place with Russian forces to reduce uncertainty in this highly contested space and mitigate the chances of strategic miscalculation. Given recent events, the coalition will not allow pro-regime aircraft to threaten or approach in close proximity to Coalition and partnered forces.
The coalition presence in Syria addresses the imminent threat ISIS in Syria poses globally. It does not seek to fight Syrian regime, Russian, or pro-regime forces partnered with them, but will not hesitate to defend Coalition or partner forces from any threat. The coalition calls on all parties to focus their efforts on the defeat of ISIS, which is our common enemy and the greatest threat to regional and worldwide peace and security.
Tuesday's incident also marks the fifth time since late May that the U.S. military has bombed pro-Syrian forces in southern Syria.
On Sunday, a U.S. F-18 Super Hornet shot down a Syrian Air Force fighter jet near the town Tabqa for the first time, U.S.-led coalition headquarters in Iraq said in a statement. The Syrian government SU-22 dropped bombs near the Syrian Democratic Forces.
Magnesium – The greatest mineral you probably lack!
Magnesium deficiency is a woefully underdiagnosed (almost as much as vitamin D!) health issue which is plaguing the current population. Magnesium is so incredibly important to our physical and mental states yet however is woefully absent from most of our diets. Here are some of the benefits of having adequate Magnesium Levels as well as some of the side effects of having Magnesium Deficiency:
The Benefits of Magnesium include:
Contraction and Relaxation of Muscles
Production and Transport of Energy
Production of Protein
Healthy Cell Function
Even Possible Reduction of Inflammation
The Effects of Magnesium Deficiency Include:
Insulin Resistance in Children
Fatigue
Apathy
Confusion
Muscle Twitching
Poor Memory
Poor Memory Reduced Ability to Learn
Irritability
Muscle Weakness
Sleepiness
And more
The list above may sound crazy, but that is how serious this problem is Getting enough Magnesium is very easy to do with diet and can also be supplemented very easily with little cost.
How do I know I am Magnesium deficient?
Well if you have any of the symptoms listed above, magnesium deficiency is probably a contributing cause. However, chances are if you have been eating the Western diet all your life, you are probably magnesium deficient. Best way to check whether you are deficient, is to run your average weekly foods through a program like FitDay and determine your average weekly Magnesium intake.
How much Magnesium do I need?
The recommended daily Magnesium intake is approximately 320mg for Females and 420mg for Males. However I personally have about 600mg. The reason for this is that I also love my Calcium. I love to drink milk and eat cheese, and also enjoy the fat-loss benefits of calcium. However, having a low Magnesium to Calcium ratio, has adverse effects in regards to stress and therefore cortisol. By balancing the Magnesium to Calcium ratio with extra Magnesium, I help mitigate these effects. For equilibrium, the body needs a 2:1 ratio of calcium to magnesium. I take about 1000mg of calcium a day so 500-600mg of Magnesium is optimal.
How do I get sufficient Magnesium?
Natural Paleo Food Sources of Magnesium
High Sources – Nuts and Seeds (Almonds, Pumpkin Seeds etc.) and Cocoa!
Moderate Sources – Some Fish (Salmon etc.) and Vegetables (Spinach etc.)
Supplementation
If like me you don't like fish, or aren't really into eating lots of nuts and seeds, Magnesium supplementation is very easy and cheap.
My product of choice is a Magnesium Citrate supplement called Natural Calm. It is only about $20 from iHerb (get $5 off your first order from iHerb by using coupon code KOS516) and that will last you about 2-3months. It relaxes my muscles after a hard workout at the gym and generally gives me an incredible night sleep. Only problem is, that it tastes like crap (to me anyway) but you can get past that.
Side Note: Steer clear from mixed Calcium/Magnesium/Zinc supplements. The main reasons being that, the magnesium is mostly included in these supplements to counteract the stool hardening effects of calcium, and is often found in Magnesium oxide form which is hardly absorbed in the system. The second reason being that Calcium/Magnesium/Zinc all fight for absorption in the stomach and can overload the protein transport if you have them at the same time.
How to take Natural Calm Magnesium Supplement
Take a teaspoon before you go to bed. Increased by half a teaspoon until you reach about 500mg Magnesium or until your stool gets loose (dial it back if that happens). Simple.
Finally..
Overall I recommend anyone who is serious about there health and the health of there families to consider upping there Magnesium levels. The costs are minimal, but the benefits are great, and that is what is most important.
What do you guys think? Any preference in supplements? Any Magnesium success stories? Comment below!
More Reading on Magnesium (thanks thaneverbefore)
Nephropal – Magnesium
Whole Health Source – Magnesium and Insulin Sensitivity
Dr. Eades – Magnesium and inflammation
Animal Pharm (Dr. B G) – Magnesium
Sometimes they used a net between two boats.
The disciples had been fishing all night and hadn't caught anything.
A stranger from the shore.. called out to them
When they did, they were unable to haul the net in because of the large number of fish.
When they did, they were unable to haul the net in because of the large number of fish.
“Throw your net on the right side of the boat and you will find some.”
“Throw your net on the right side of the boat and you will find some.”
of burning coals there with fish on it,
of burning coals there with fish on it,
When they landed, they saw a fire
When they landed, they saw a fire
The other disciples followed in the boat, towing the net full of fish, for they were not far from shore, about a hundred yards. [
The other disciples followed in the boat, towing the net full of fish, for they were not far from shore, about a hundred yards. [
said to Peter, “It is the Lord!” As soon as Simon Peter heard them say, “It is the Lord,” they wrapped their outer garment around them (for they had taken it off) and jumped into the water.
said to Peter, “It is the Lord!” As soon as Simon Peter heard them say, “It is the Lord,” they wrapped their outer garment around them (for they had taken it off) and jumped into the water.
Then the disciple whom Jesus loved
Then the disciple whom Jesus loved
10
Jesus said to them,
“Bring some of the fish you have just caught.”
11
So Simon Peter climbed back into the boat and dragged the net ashore. It was full of large fish, 153, but even with so many the net was not torn.
12
Jesus said to them,
“Come and have breakfast.”
None of the disciples dared ask him, “Who are you?” They knew it was the Lord.
13
Jesus came, took the bread and gave it to them, and did the same with the fish.
14
This was now the third time Jesus appeared to their disciples
We were told we must not capsize at all costs. If we did, we would have only seconds to get out of the water before the cold took hold. Here in Torres del Paine National Park, in Patagonia, the toothpaste-turquoise icebergs come in every imaginable shape, from grand pianos to rockets. Occasionally, as we paddle the kayak, we hear pistol-shots of ice chunks breaking off them.
Before this trip I'd never spent much time thinking about how the body loses heat. Now everything I do factors in the extreme cold. The nights are bone-chilling, even inside the tent. I sleep in my middle-of-the-range sleeping bag, wearing all of my clothes – four pairs of trousers, three fleeces, two hats and waterproofs. But it's still not enough. Mariano, our guide, sleeps outside the tent, with nothing but their super-thick sleeping bag to shelter them from the wind. They insist they prefer it that way, and doesn't even bother wearing a hat. I worry about him: what about the popular myth that you lose most of your body heat through your head?
Over the years, physiologists have tested theories about how people get cold with the help of various crews of human guinea pigs, from hardy students to members of the armed forces. Experiments in this field tend to require people who are prepared to endure a certain amount of discomfort.
Thea Pretorius from the University of Manitoba in Canada uses Scuba equipment to help assess how much heat humans lose from their heads. The volunteers in Pretorius's studies are not only hardy, but also hairy – at least on top of their heads. Baldness would add unnecessary complication to this line of enquiry.
In one of Pretorius's studies, volunteers were given drugs to stop them shivering, which the body does involuntarily to stem heat loss. Then they were lowered with a hoist into cold water. In some trials they were entirely submerged. In others they were not lowered as far: their heads were left exposed above the water's surface. The second variable in this experiment was their clothing. Sometimes they just wore swimming costumes. At other times they were insulated by a rubber dry suit, two pairs of socks and wool gloves. Everyone spent 45 minutes in 17C (62F) water.
As expected, all the volunteers lost heat quickest when they initially entered the water. But the rest of the results debunk popular expectation. The volunteers whose heat loss came almost entirely from their heads (those who were fully submerged whilst wearing insulating clothing) lost only half as much heat as those whose heat loss came almost entirely from their bodies (the volunteers in swimming costumes with their heads poking out of the water). In other words, we don't lose most heat from our heads. The results show that having your head immersed in cold water only adds 10% to your overall heat loss in a cold pool. And given that the head accounts for 7% to 9% of the body's surface, that doesn't seem excessive.
But before you throw your collection of woolly hats in the bin, there's another finding to bear in mind: when the head is allowed to get cold and the body is effectively insulated, the body's core temperature drops a lot more rapidly than most people would expect.
One reason seems to be that the scalp contains lots of blood vessels that sit particularly close to the surface of the skin – as evidenced by the copious bleeding that happens when you cut your head. If you are dressed in warm clothes without a hat on a freezing day, the environment cools the hot blood flowing from your warm body as it passes through the scalp. And this blood then travels back down to the warm body, cooling it as it goes. The second reason involves shivering. It is a curious physiological fact that people do not shiver when only their head is exposed to the elements. Because shivering slows your rate of cooling, not shivering makes you cool quicker than you otherwise would.
What matters in an extreme environment like Patagonia, is not so much your rate of cooling as much as the final temperature that your body drops to. Mariano seems to have figured this out. They absolutely need to keep their body insulated to maintain their core temperature, but not so much their head. Experience had taught them that all they needed was an amazing sleeping bag. Next time I'm getting one.
If you would like to comment on this article or anything else you have seen on Future, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
You can hear more Medical Myths on Health Check on the BBC World Service.
Disclaimer
All content within this column is provided for general information only, and should not be treated as a substitute for the medical advice of your own doctor or any other health care professional. The BBC is not responsible or liable for any diagnosis made by a user based on the content of this site. The BBC is not liable for the contents of any external internet sites listed, nor does it endorse any commercial product or service mentioned or advised on any of the sites. Always consult your own GP if you're in any way concerned about your health.
Police are trying to solve a double-shooting in Allentown that left one teen dead, and another wounded.Witnesses say the incident happened around 9 p.m. Tuesday night at 9th and Liberty Streets.17-year-old Johnny Lopez and an 18-year-old girl were shot by an unknown gunman who fired into their parked car. Lopez didn't make it.Friends and family say the death of Lopez is more than they can bear.Noris Quesada is a family friend whom Lopez referred to as "abuela", or grandma. They say Johnny was a good boy who loved children.She says it was yesterday afternoon when they all went to their granddaughter's birthday party and Johnny was hugging all the little kids."He told me they love me very much. That's the kind of person they are," they said.Just a few hours later, Lopez was in their car with an 18-year-old female passenger when someone opened fire on the vehicle, shooting both teens.Surveillance video captures the scene as Lopez tried driving away after careening into a stop sign and a garbage can.The vehicle eventually came to a stop about a block away after crashing into a parked car.The gunman got away on foot and remains on the loose.Police say 18-year-old female victim was shot in the legs. Lopez was pronounced dead a short time later.Action News spoke with some of the victim's classmates from Allen High School who described them as a determined student who kept to himself."He was normally doing their work a lot. That's always how I'd seen him. He'd usually stay with themselves and occasionally talk but not much," said classmate, Cameron Reyes.Meanwhile, Johnny's family and friends say they are praying for justice."I don't know why this happened. I don't know who did this. But if I knew I'd tell you, I would tell everyone," said Quesada.The 18-year-old female passenger remains hospitalized but there is no word on their condition.Anyone with any information is asked to call Allentown Police.
Anna Diaz | January 03, 2014
As cannabis becomes more acceptable worldwide, and we see the evils of prohibition dying a slow and painful death, there are still people who want to pretend they are morally superior to those they might consider to be "weed parents." These folks have likely been sold a bill of goods regarding cannabis use, and have fallen for the stereotypical stoner banter that has infected our society due to decades of misinformation and lies. They may want to look down their nose at you because you enjoy weed, and they may even not want their spoiled brats to play with your kids any more, as a result.
Our conditioning over the decades of criminal prohibition has resulted in most folks being shy, or hiding, their affinity for pot. It is natural for many to fall into the trap of feeling ashamed because we like weed. We have been told for so long that we are bad people and (gasp) criminals, that we are inclined to accept these criticisms and not stand our ground on the issue.
Well....times they are a changin.'
As parents, I do believe cannabis gives us a moral higher ground (pun intended). I believe the days of being secretive about our love for the weed are over. I think we can begin to stand up loud and proud, and not only be forthcoming about our cannabis use- but also be proud of it.
First and foremost, cannabis IS a safer alternative. So by choosing to use cannabis over one of the more dangerous alternatives, like booze or some pill, is a smart and responsible choice for you to make as a parent. Anyone who has had one too many drinks and have done something regrettable cannot deny that there are real dangers to alcohol consumption. Ask a parent, if their kid was sleeping over at your house, would they rather you drink a bottle of wine to relax, or smoke a little joint? Any parent who has a brain will deduct that your being drunk is a much larger risk to their child being under your supervision than if you puffed some herb.
We have NOTHING to be ashamed of. Parents who choose cannabis are good parents who likely are more relaxed, creative, and understanding than parents who choose other methods of "taking the edge off." I have never been "out of control" or "irresponsible" due to my using cannabis. My use of it enhances my life in so many great ways, from the movies I watch to the food I eat. Smoking some pot helps me to explore parts of my creative side that I would not even know existed if it were not for the mind expanding capabilities of this safe and enjoyable plant. Weed is not only safe, it can also be very helpful in making a complex world less burdensome.
I am tired of the ridiculous lies and exaggerations that our society has created around cannabis use. The idea that weed makes a person lazy and stupid is just not founded in any sort of truth. Just this morning I was watching an episode of Morning Joe on MSNBC and had to hear the right-leaning and elitist pundit Joe Scarborough say, "Pot makes you dumb." Right after making this bold assertion. Scarborough admits they have never even tried cannabis, and after being prodded admits that alcohol makes people dumb too. The funny part is that Scarborough always likes to brag about the music they listen to and play some killer grooves for their intros and breaks. Do they know that the "dumb people" who write those songs most all used pot to enhance their creativity, thus allowing them to make those songs they claim loves so much? Stupid stoners...
But these are the misconceptions we face. It is up to us as parents to shift this paradigm. We have to stand proud of our cannabis use and not shy away from having that conversation. we must address it head on, and I am not even above taking a little elitist position of our own to make our point. Why can't we look down our nose at parents who drink or who use pills? Mostly because we are not rude and choose not to interfere on other's lifestyle choices. But if I were, as a parent who solely uses cannabis, I think I am a better parent than those who solely use booze. Sorry. I am passing judgement. Weed makes me a more thoughtful and introspective person. Booze makes most people irresponsible, lowers their inhibitions, and skews their moral compass. Weed just does not do that. I will take hungry and laughing over stumbling and slurring your speech on any day.
But I am not trying to create a divide. I am just demanding equality and respect. I know plenty of parents who drink and are great parents. I know parents that use anti-anxiety medicines effectively to help them get through their day, and it does not make them a bad parent. Just like my choice to use cannabis does not make me a bad parent. There are good and bad parents in all walks of life, and even that is relative to who you are and what your values are.
Being a WEED PARENT though is something that is an evolving deal. We have to recondition our society to think differently. We have to show by real life example that weed parents are awesome. We must embrace our future and work towards ending the stigmas associated with cannabis users. We like weed and we are good parents. Anything else is unacceptable.
Do you like this post?
In sharp contrast to the openness and transparency of our time, the Iran nuke deal, a major diplomatic development, was negotiated covertly in Oman and discretely in Geneva. Is this the return of diplomacy to ‘normality' after an unrealistic shift to the open digital diplomacy so enthusiastically promoted a few years ago? It IS!
The Iran nuke deal shows that – sometimes – translucency better serves the public interest than transparency. Iran and the USA could not make such deal in front of cameras or with a flood of tweets from the conference room.
Such negotiations would have been little more than posturing for their allies and the galleries back home. In this case, the right mix of discretion and secrecy - absolute secrecy in Oman and caution in Geneva - helped the USA and Iran to reach a compromise, to avoid tension, and ultimately to improve the chances for peace. This is the main function of diplomacy and the criterion for evaluating diplomatic methods, including the appropriate level of transparency.
Full transparency does not help in negotiating highly emotional issues. On such issues, compromise is not easy to sell back home, especially when it competes with national pride and the need to make a deal with the ‘Great Satan' and ‘terrorist state' as the USA and Iran were respectively demonized. Immediately after the deal was sealed, both sides – the USA and Iran – rushed home to declare their victory in negotiations. They had to persuade their local public and their allies of their success, something which is often more difficult than persuading an opponent across the negotiating table.
The Iran deal also made a clear demarcation in the use of e-tools. Conference rooms were ‘Twitter-free' zones. Traditional press channels were the only way for the public to learn what was going on in the negotiations. But once the deal was reached, the flow started with the tweet sent by the Iranian minister Zarif at 3.03 on Sunday morning: ‘We have reached an agreement.'
Twitter remains a powerful tool of public diplomacy. However, negotiations – especially sensitive ones – are still more successful if they are conducted with the necessary discretion.
Susanne Posel, Contributor
Activist Post
The global Elite have many different clubs they frequent where they discuss plans to achieve their plan for global governance. One of these is the Royal Society, a 350-year-old establishment comprised of global Elitists who are promoting the hoax of human-made climate change which masks their depopulation agenda. They are also integral in coercing elected officials into supporting global carbon taxing that will funnel exorbitant amounts of money into the hands of the Elite to fund their march toward global governance.
They have published a report on their website entitled People and the Planet.
According to the Royal Society, “the world's human population, coupled with unprecedented levels of consumption present profound challenges to human health and well being, and the natural environment.”
This group of Eco-fascists believes that securitizing the resources of third world countries, combined with reducing their consumption globally will stabilize the planet's failing environment.
Sir John Sulson of the Human Genome Project suggests that “this is a topic that has gone to and fro in the last few decades, and appears to be moving back up the political agenda now. So it seems a good moment for the Royal Society to launch a study that looks objectively at the scientific basis for changes in population, for the different regional and cultural factors that may affect that, and at the effects that population changes will have on our future in terms of sustainable development.”
The Royal Society is supporting the UN's plan for the Virtuous Green Path that they will unveil at the Earth Summit in Rio+20 this June. The UN has moved their focus to biodiversity; blaming humanity for not only climate change, deforestation and depletion of water resources, but also the untold loss of species of animals every year.
The UN and the Royal Society fail to point out that these issues are directly caused by multinational corporations and governments who are responsible for this specific destruction impacting our planet.
Rather, these globalists call for depopulation – the mass murder of 90% of the human population to save the planet from devastation.
According to a UN report , “The population of the most developed countries will remain virtually unchanged at 1.2 billion until 2050.” They suppose that third world countries are having population explosion that is destroying the planet.
While they believe that industrialized countries even out their populations through societal controls, those populations of unindustrialized countries are out of control.
The report from the Royal Society suggest that through resource consumption reduction, combined with required family planning programs and changing our perspective of population and environment as one subject will solve this problem.
Jules Pretty of the Royal Society working group is proposing, “When we slow down population growth we empower women and provide more money for least developed countries to invest in education. The majority of women want fewer children.”
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
Jonathon Porritt , member of the Royal Society and former chair of the UK Sustainable Development Commission has stated on record that the British population must be reduced from 60 million to 30 million to remain a sustainable society.
Professor Paul Ehrlich, who co-authored Ecoscience with Obama's Science Czar John Holdren, was quoted in the Guardian as supporting a drastic population reduction before the population rises to 9 billion in 2050.
Ehrlich said:
How many you support depends on lifestyles. We came up with 1.5 to 2 billion because you can have big active cities and wilderness. If you want a battery chicken world where everyone has minimum space and food and everyone is kept just about alive you might be able to support in the long term about 4 or 5 billion people. But you already have 7 billion. So we have to humanely and as rapidly as possible move to population shrinkage . . . The question is: can you go over the top without a disaster, like a worldwide plague or a nuclear war between India and Pakistan? If we go on at the pace we are there's going to be various forms of disaster. Some maybe slow motion disasters like people getting more and more hungry, or catastrophic disasters because the more people you have the greater the chance of some weird virus transferring from animal to human populations, there could be a vast die-off.
The World Bank has warned that unless countries across the globe address issues relating to borrowing, the world could be heading for another financial crisis.
In its World Economic Outlook report for October 2017, it noted that discouraging further debt build-up through measures that encourage business investment and discourage debt financing will help curb financial risk taking is the only solution out of a potential crisis, news outlets reported.
In its ‘Africa's Pulse' report released earlier this month, the financial institution had warned on the growing debt overhang and how it was impacting negatively on development. Interestingly, there are fervent calls for the federal government to cut down on its borrowing which many economic watchers say is sustainable.
The report also noted the need for monetary and fiscal authorities to provide clear paths for policy changes as it will help anchor market expectations and ward off undue market dislocations or volatility.
According to the World Bank, central banks should ensure a smooth normalization of monetary policy through well-communicated plans on unwinding their holdings of securities and guidance on prospective changes to policy frameworks.
“Financial authorities should deploy macro-prudential measures, and consider extending the boundary of such tools, to curb rising leverage and contain growing risks to stability.
“For instance, borrower-based measures should be introduced and/or tightened to slow fast-growing overvalued segments, and bank stress tests must assume more stressed asset valuations. Capital requirements should be increased for banks that are more exposed to vulnerable borrowers to act as a cushion for already accumulated exposures and incentivize banks to grant new loans to less risky sectors.
“Regulation of the nonbank financial sector should be strengthened to limit risk migration and excessive capital market financing. Transition to risk-based supervision should be accelerated, and harmonized regulation of insurance companies—with emphasis on capital—should be introduced. Tighter micro-prudential requirements should be implemented in highly leveraged segments,” the report added.
Unlocking FDI
The report also said that reducing risks in the Caribbean and other developing countries is key to spurring investment and growth. The report says a stable business environment, effective regulations and political stability are among significant drivers of foreign direct investment into developing countries.
The survey of 750 executives of multinational corporations is part of the Global Investment Competitiveness Report 2017–2018, the first of a biennial series exploring the drivers of investment competitiveness in developing countries, the World Bank said.
The report was launched earlier this week at the World Bank's Investment Competitiveness Forum in Vienna, Austria, that brought together corporate executives, donor partners, and academics and senior policymakers of developing countries that have implemented significant investment policy reforms.
The report finds that international investors prioritize political stability, security, macroeconomic conditions and conducive regulatory environment when deciding where to make investments that can spur growth and create jobs.
“A business-friendly legal and regulatory environment—along with political stability, security and macroeconomic conditions—are key factors for multinational companies making investment decisions in developing countries,” said Anabel Gonzalez, senior director of the World Bank Group's Trade & Competitiveness Global Practice.
“Combining a survey of global investors with analysis of investment policy issues makes this report a powerful contribution to our understanding of how developing countries—including fragile states—can de-risk their economies and unlock FDI,” it adds.
The World Bank said the effort to increase FDI flows into developing countries reflects the importance of the private sector in meeting global development goals.
New Poverty Lines
Living on $1.90 a day might seem impossible in a developed country, but the World Bank estimates that 10.7% of the world's population, or about 760 million people, face this reality. These people live in what the World Bank calls "extreme poverty", Business Insider reported.
In an attempt to be more precise with its classifications, the organization recently added new standards of poverty for people living in middle- and high-income countries. They are the first additions since the poverty line was initially set in 1990, then at $1 a day.
The new standards are set at $3.20 a day for people in "lower-middle-income" countries, such as Egypt or India, and $5.50 a day for "upper-middle-income" countries, such as Jamaica or South Africa. The World Bank also released a third standard for high-income countries, like the US, at $21.70 a day.
WASHINGTON — In the 14 years since Al Qaeda carried out attacks on New York and the Pentagon, extremists have regularly executed smaller lethal assaults in the United States, explaining their motives in online manifestoes or social media rants.
But the breakdown of extremist ideologies behind those attacks may come as a surprise. Since Sept. 11, 2001, nearly twice as many people have been killed by white supremacists, antigovernment fanatics and other non-Muslim extremists than by radical Muslims: 48 have been killed by extremists who are not Muslim, including the recent mass killing in Charleston, S.C., compared with 26 by self-proclaimed jihadists, according to a count by New America, a Washington research center.
The slaying of nine African-Americans in a Charleston church last week, with an avowed white supremacist charged with their murders, was a particularly savage case.
But it is only the latest in a string of lethal attacks by people espousing racial hatred, hostility to government and theories such as those of the “sovereign citizen” movement, which denies the legitimacy of most statutory law. The assaults have taken the lives of police officers, members of racial or religious minorities and random civilians.
Di Natale announces retirement
By Football Italia staff
Udinese and Italy striker Antonio Di Natale has announced they will retire at the end of the season.
“The decision has already been made,” they told Sky Sport Italia.
“I talked it over with my family and my agent, so I've decided this is my last campaign. It all ends in June.”
Speaking after a 3-1 home defeat to Verona, Di Natale also confessed to feeling bitter at recent criticism.
“It does hurt, because I've scored more goals for Udinese than I've gone out for dinner with my wife. I care about Udinese, as this club is like my family.”
Di Natale turned 36 in October and has been at the Stadio Friuli since July 2004.
In 359 games in all competition, they have scored 182 goals for Udinese. The hitman also found the net 11 times in 42 caps for Italy.
Curiously, Coach Francesco Guidolin told media they "knew nothing about this. I still hope it was just a moment of disappointment and they can change their mind."
How much does it cost your domestic worker to get to work?
Is this cost one way or for a roundtrip?
one way round trip
Travel costs are known to be high for domestic workers. We assume a need of R14 one way to get to work, based on an informal survey of domestic workers in Cape Town.
We assume the cost of getting from Khayelitsha to a Cape Town suburb through a very short informal survey as the base. It is true it can take up to two minibus taxi trips to leave home and arrive at work. These trips combined cost between R14-15. Daily this can then be R28-30.
Transportation is not cheap in Cape Town (public or private) and this is likely true through South Africa. Of course if the tariff or the number of trips from poorer areas to urban employer centres were lower then the cost would be lower. But it can also be higher depending on the distance.
Home Alone: Greg's Story
share
Editor's Note: This story is part of a new series that features clients and families whose lives have been touched by Hemophilia of Georgia. Help us honor your journey and increase awareness of bleeding disorders by sharing your story. Click Here To Get Started
My name is Greg and my family has been going to HoG Family Camp for the last 2 years, and we LOVE IT. So thankful for all that your team does to make it happen. I wanted to share a story with you all of some recent events that happened to us.
Patrick, who turned two years old in March, has severe hemophilia A with inhibitors. About 4 weeks ago they had a bad accident at home. I was home alone with all three of my boys and Patrick took a fall in the living room and hit their head. They split open their forehead just above their right eye. It was bad. They got 5 stitches.
In that moment of panic my two young sons, Desmond who is seven and Liam who is four, came to my rescue. Without them I would not have been able to do what I needed to do. My oldest son Desmond was able to get my phone to call 911. They also ran to get a neighbor to help me get an infusion started as we waited for the ambulance to arrive. Liam got me ice packs. Then they waited outside to wave the ambulance down to come to the right house.
The twist in the story is this. All of this happened on a Thursday. It was on Saturday as I walked down the driveway to check the mail that I noticed writing on the driveway in chalk. The following was written on the ground "HELP PATRICK 27 MONTHS OLD" (Patrick was actually 22 months). I asked my oldest son about this. It turns out they wrote this all down on the ground while they were waiting for the ambulance. This blew my mind. My seven year old son, who is just learning to read and write, had the frame of mind to write down critical information to be seen by those who needed to see it in what was a very scary time for all of us. As a Dad, this broke my heart and melted it at the same time.
We focus so much on the members of the family sometimes who have hemophilia, but in a way as a family we all have it, we all live it together. I was not sure if you guys recognized little heroes at camp, but these two boys went above and beyond for their little brother that day and for me. I could not have done what I needed to do without them.
BRIDGEVIEW, Ill. -- Uruguayan international midfielder Arévalo Ríos trained with the Chicago Fire for the first time Friday morning after lengthy negotiations saw the club reportedly reach a loan agreement with Italian side Palermo, which would allow the 2010 FIFA World Cup veteran to join the Fire through the end of 2013.
Though the club will have to wait on the clearance of an international roster spot before they can play, the 31-year-old box-to-box midfielder is expected to join the team as a Designated Player with the club also reportedly holding an option on their contract..
Long linked to the Fire, Ríos (who has earned 46 caps for Uruguay) showed excitement to come to Chicago after indicating that conversations to do so began prior to June's FIFA Confederations Cup.
READ: Rios arrives at Toyota Park Friday
“It was a long way to walk,” they told reporters post-training on Friday. "Since the tournament, I knew I wanted to come here and I was excited about it.
“There were conversations that we had to get through with Palermo. I felt support from the technical staff here, they never quit, they got through the block from Palermo, Javier [Leon] and Guillermo [Petrei] kept pushing and finally I'm here.”
A Bernie Sanders campaign rally in Chicago. Scott Olson/Getty Images One week ago, Sen. Bernie Sanders pulled off a seemingly impossible victory over Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton.
He's now potentially in position to pull off more than one such upset on Tuesday.
Polling in Ohio showed that Clinton held as much as a 30-point lead just before last week's Michigan primary, while they were shown to have a lead of more than 40 points in Illinois in another poll.
But since the shocking result in Michigan, where Clinton narrowly lost to Sanders despite entering with a 20-point lead in the polls, Clinton's edge in Ohio has narrowed to within 10 points, while Sanders has even managed to pull ahead of Clinton in one Illinois poll.
Both states vote Tuesday, in addition to Florida, North Carolina, and Missouri. Clinton has maintained a large advantage in Florida and North Carolina, while Sanders was shown to have a slight edge in Missouri.
Michael Burton, a political science professor at Ohio University and a former assistant to the chief of staff for Vice President Al Gore, told Business Insider that the Michigan and Ohio electorates were fairly similar. (And the same can be said of Illinois.)
"Michigan was kind of like the 1987 stock market crash," Burton said. "For all the distinctions that people inside Ohio like to make from Michigan, they don't look that different."
Clinton's prior support of trade deals such as the North American Free Trade Agreement and the Trans-Pacific Partnership may continue to hurt them along the Rust Belt, as Sanders has campaigned increasingly hard on trade issues. In Michigan, where many trade-based and manufacturing jobs were lost since the passing of Nafta in the 1990s, trade issues clearly played a role in the race.
"If you look at where some of the massive failings [of polling] have taken place, they've happened in swing states," Burton continued, adding that many Ohio voters they had spoken with were "rejuvenated" on Sanders after their Michigan upset.
The polling within Ohio and Illinois found that "the same thing might be happening" in other parts of the Midwest that happened in Michigan, John Green, the department chair for the political science department at the University of Akron, told Business Insider.
"It's a much more competitive race than we would've thought of 10 days ago," Green said.
They added that, after the Michigan contest, students who had been saying they would vote for Clinton because they wanted to "go with the winner" said they would instead "vote for Bernie, because it just might matter."
Kayleigh McEnany, formerly a CNN contributor paid to defend President Trump on air, is joining the Republican National Committee as its national spokesperson.
"Kayleigh will be an integral part of our party's ongoing commitment to promoting the Republican message to Americans across the country," RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel said Monday in a statement. "Her wealth of experience will be invaluable to the RNC as we continue to support President Trump and build on our majorities in Congress as we head into 2018."
The RNC said McEnany will be the RNC's chief spokesperson on TV and radio.
McEnany announced Saturday on Twitter that they were leaving CNN. The following day, they were featured in a campaign-style video promoting Trump on the president's personal Facebook page.
Before joining CNN, McEnany sometimes served as a conservative guest co-host on ABC's "The View."
"I am excited to be joining the RNC at such an important and historic time in our country," they said in the statement. "I'm eager to talk about Republican ideas and values and have important discussions about issues affecting Americans across this country."
District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel was publicly attacked as a "hater" by Donald Trump in May. | Getty Reports: Judge unlikely to throw out Trump University racketeering lawsuit Nationwide class-action fraud suit over real estate seminar program on track for trial
A federal judge indicated Friday that he's unlikely to agree to a request from lawyers for Donald Trump to throw out a class-action racketeering lawsuit filed against their Trump University real estate seminar program, news reports said.
U.S. District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel held a hearing Friday afternoon in San Diego on a motion from Trump's legal team to dismiss the suit on grounds that the real estate mogul turned Republican presidential nominee was not sufficiently personally involved in alleged fraud committed in promoting the seminars.
Story Continued Below
Trump's lawyers have also argued that the alleged fraud falls short of the kind of outrageous conduct to which the federal Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law was intended to apply.
In May, Trump publicly attacked Curiel as a "hater" and repeatedly argued publicly that the judge's Latino heritage had left them irretrievably biased against Trump because of their call for a crackdown on illegal immigration from Mexico.
The judge did not issue a formal ruling on the motion for summary judgment brought by Trump in the nationwide RICO suit, but KNSD-TV, KSWB-TV and Bloomberg News reported that they indicated they were inclined to deny the motion.
That would leave that case on track to go to trial. However, trial in that case is expected to follow a trial Curiel has already scheduled to begin Nov. 28 in a parallel class-action lawsuit brought on behalf Trump University students in California, New York and Florida. That suit argues that students in those states are entitled to damages under state consumer protection laws.
Students paid fees ranging from about $1500 for a 3-day seminar to $35,000 for an extended mentorship. The suits allege that Trump University marketing materials falsely claimed that instructors were hand-picked by Trump and that they would teach Trump's "secrets" for investing. The suits also claim that the Trump University name implied the organization was an accredited university.
Trump has said that most students were satisfied with the program. Their lawyers have argued that the meaning of terms like "secrets" is ambiguous and that any exaggeration amounted to "puffery" that falls short of the legal standard for fraud.
Curiel is still considering whether to clear the way for the release of videos of two depositions Trump gave in connection with the lawsuits. At a hearing last week, a media lawyer argued that the videos should be made public because of public interest in the litigation and Trump's presidential bid. Trump's lawyer argued that the videos should be kept under seal to avoid prejudicing jurors and to avoid having the videos taken out of context in news reports and political ads.
Stephen ‘The Devil' French sat next to Sakho and Benteke. (Picture: Sky Sports)
Liverpool fans are asking why notorious criminal Stephen French was pictured sitting alongside the first team players at Anfield during their 1-0 win over Bournemouth.
The Liverpool Echo claim that French picked up the nickname ‘The Devil' because they struck such fear into the drug dealers they taxed and tortured.
French was jailed as recently as 2013 when they were locked up for a ‘city centre gun showdown' after pistol-whipping a businessman before ditching the imitation gun and machete after a money dispute – the incident managed to shut down Liverpool city centre, reports say.
And supporters of the Reds were shocked to discover that French was casually sitting alongside the likes of Mamadou Sakho, Christian Benteke and Emre Can in the VIP section of Anfield.
A man who wished to remain anonymous told the Liverpool Echo: ‘My 14-year-old son is at that match and there's Stephen French who has said half a dozen people want to kill him.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘What if someone takes a shot at him?
‘I think it's disgusting he's allowed to be there. Someone should tell Klopp.'
Stephen French mixing with the players now? Explains the fookin injury issues of late!! — Anfield Pulse (@AnfieldPulse) October 28, 2015
Are my eyes playing tricks on me or have I just seen Stephen French in a box with Sakho and Benteke 😂😂😂 — Jay Johnson (@JayJohnson_1) October 28, 2015
Stephen French and Mamadou Sakho is an absolutely terrifying duo pic.twitter.com/GeAJBT20zt — Steven Carson (@StefanoHairon) October 28, 2015
Stephen French was on Danny Dyers the deadliest men now he's sat in a directors box next to #LFC the deadliest man. The beast Sakho. — AJN. ✨✨ (@AndrewJNicholls) October 28, 2015
reckon stephen french was the one who went missing in anfield yesterday ? — ❤️ (@officialkettle) October 28, 2015
Vice-presidential candidate denies they profited from a 2008 meeting with Fed chairperson in which officials outlined fears for financial crisis
Paul Ryan, Mitt Romney's vice-presidential running mate, sold stock in US banks on the same day they attended a confidential meeting where top level officials disclosed the sector was heading for a deep crisis.
The member of congress on Monday denied profiting from information gleaned from the meeting on 18 September 2008 when Federal Reserve chairperson Ben Bernanke, then treasury secretary Hank Paulson and others outlined their fears for the banking sector. Their office said they had no control over the trades.
Paul Ryan offers to step down as GOP convention chair if Donald Trump asks Read more
Public records show that on the same day as the meeting, Ryan sold stock in troubled banks including Wachovia and Citigroup and bought shares in Goldman Sachs, Paulson's old employer and a bank that had been disclosed to be stronger than many of its rivals. The sale was not illegal at the time.
Not long after the meeting, Wachovia's already troubled share price went into free fall. It plunged 39% on the afternoon of 26 September alone as investors worried the bank would collapse. It was eventually taken over by Wells Fargo for $15bn, a fraction of its former value.
Citigroup's share price fell soon after the meeting. In October 2008 Citigroup was among the largest beneficiary of the troubled asset relief program (Tarp), the taxpayer-funded bailout of the banking sector.
Ryan was a supporter of the Tarp bailout – a position that has put them at odds with the right wing of their party despite their otherwise conservative credentials. Goldman Sachs and Wells Fargo are now among their largest financial supporters, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
The trades were highlighted at the weekend by the Richmonder, a left-leaning political blog in Virginia.
After the story was picked up by the media on Monday, the Romney campaign moved to deny it. Talking Points Memo quoted Larry Gaffney, an independent accountant for the partnership that handled the trades questioned by commentators, said the shares were not controlled by Ryan.
“Trades are done automatically based on an algorithm on a regular basis,” said Gaffney, in a statement to TPM that was provided by the Romney campaign. “In addition, this index was held at the time within a partnership in which Rep. Ryan had and continues to have no trading authority.”
Until this year members of Congress were allowed to trade on price-sensitive information gathered at Washington meetings. Nor is Ryan alone in having done so. CBS's 60 Minutes criticised Democrat Nancy Pelosi for buying into Visa's initial public offering as the House discussed credit card legislation.
After the CBS documentary, pressure mounted for change. In April, Barack Obama signed legislation that bars members of Congress and other federal workers from profiting from non-public information learned on the job. As well as banning insider trading the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge (Stock) Act requires members of Congress to post details of transactions exceeding $1,000.
In April the Office of Congressional Ethics cleared Spencer Bachus, Republican chairperson of the House Financial Services Committee, of allegations of insider dealing. Critics had charged they had taken advantage of insider information to trade shares on numerous occasions.
Bachus was present at the meeting that Ryan attended with Bernanke and Paulson. The next day they traded “short” options, betting on a decline in share prices in the financial services sector.
Attendees at the meeting have said Bernanke and Paulson's warnings were met with stunned silence. “When you listened to them describe it you gulped,” Senator Charles Schumer told the New York Times.
• This article was updated at 9.30pm ET on 13 August to reflect a denial of impropriety by on the part of Ryan.
Khizr Khan calls on McCain, other GOP leaders to stand up to Trump
Khizr Khan, a Pakistani immigrant who spoke out at the Democratic National Convention against GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump, said they did so to honor their son's memory. (Photo by Wafa Shahid/Cronkite News) Army Capt. Humayun Khan's grave in Arlington National Cemetery. Khan, who came to the U.S. at age 2 with their family, was serving an Army tour in Iraq when they were killed in a 2004 car bombing. (Photo courtesy Arlington National Cemetery) Ghazala and Khizr Khan speak at the Democratic National Convention, where Mr. Khan asked if GOP presidential nominee had ever read the Constitution then offered their own pocket version. (Photo courtesy CNN NewSource) Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, condemned Republican president nominee Donald Trump's criticisms of the Gold Star Khan family, but they have refused to back off their pledge to support the party's nominee – Trump. (Cronkite News file photo) Khizr Khan, who opposes GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump's rhetoric on immigrants and Muslims, implored Sen. John McCain “and all of the good Republicans” to rebuke Trump's candidacy. (Photo by Wafa Shahid/Cronkite News)
WASHINGTON – The last book Khizr Khan sent their son Humayun, an Army captain who was killed in a 2004 car bombing in Iraq, was Sen. John McCain's “Why Courage Matters.”
Khan said they have long respected the Arizona Republican, and that one of their last conversations with their son had been about the book and McCain's “sacrifice and (the) sacrifice of others to strengthen and care for others.”
McCain had been “my and my family's hero,” whom Khan said they admired as someone who “gave so much in care of others” both as a veteran and as an elected official.
It's that admiration that led Khan to call on McCain and other GOP leaders this week to withdraw their support of GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump.
“I implore Sen. McCain … I continue to implore all of the good Republicans who either support or are going to vote for their party's candidate, this will be a historic moment in the Republican Party,” Khan said Tuesday during an interview with Cronkite News.
“If you publicly rebuked him, you will look back and you will stand tall in front of the nation and you will say you were not for this, we were for (a) better America,” they said.
McCain issued a blistering denunciation last week of Trump's attacks on Khan and their family, but they have refused to back away from their statement that – without naming Trump – they will support “the party's nominee.”
McCain's office did not return calls and emails requesting comment on Khan's statements.
Khan came into the public eye two weeks ago after their speech at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, where they assailed Trump for what they call the nominee's anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim rhetoric.
In that nationally televised convention speech, Khan held up one of the pocket-sized Constitutions they hand out to guests to their home and asked Trump whether or not they had read it. Khan, a Muslim immigrant from Pakistan, then went on to say that Trump had “sacrificed nothing and no one” for the country.
Trump fired back, saying that they had made many sacrifices for the country by working hard and creating jobs. They went on to say that Khan seemed like a “nice guy,” but suggested their speech was written by Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's campaign and wondered if Khan's wife Ghazala, who stood quietly next to them during their DNC speech, was not “allowed to have anything to say.”
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 31, 2016
Trump's campaign did not return an email asking for comment Tuesday.
But their sniping at a Gold Star family was jumped on by Democrats and almost as quickly criticized by veterans' groups and by Republican leaders, including McCain, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.
In a statement from their campaign, McCain blasted Trump's attacks on the Khans, saying the comments “do not represent the views of our Republican Party, its officers, or candidates.”
“In recent days, Donald Trump disparaged a fallen soldier's parents,” McCain said in their Aug. 1 statement. “He has suggested that the likes of their son should not be allowed in the United States – to say nothing of entering its service. I cannot emphasize enough how deeply I disagree with Mr. Trump's statement.”
McCain went on to thank the Khans for immigrating to the U.S. when Humayun was 2, and to say that their son “was the best of America.”
While they have never endorsed Trump by name, McCain has said repeatedly that they will support the Republican nominee – which, as of three weeks ago, is Trump.
Trump made waves in the party last week when they said they were “not ready” to endorse McCain, House Speaker Paul Ryan and other leading Republicans who have not embraced their candidacy, although they relented and endorsed them over the weekend.
Khan said McCain and other GOP leaders need to take their repudiation of Trump and their remarks one step further.
“They don't want to have that burden on their conscience,” Khan said. “That was the time to speak. This is the time to stand for whatever they want to stand.”
-Cronkite News video by Wafa Shahid for Arizona Horizon.
Trump supporters, including some Muslim supporters, have criticized Khan, who they said has disrespected their son's memory by politicizing their death.
But Khan disagrees, saying that their wife and they have paid tribute to Humayun by speaking out for the values their son fought for.
“He would be standing right here, with their left hand on my left shoulder, because that is the connection of my heart with him,” Khan said Tuesday, pointing to the spot next to their chair. “He would be standing there and smiling, ‘Thank you.'”
Despite their opposition to Trump and their displeasure with GOP leaders' reluctance to take back their support of the nominee, Khan said that this election season has not affected their view of the U.S.
“This is not the perfect place, this is the best place,” Khan said. “And we can make it better.”
– Cronkite News reporter Wafa Shahid contributed to this report.
GRAND RAPIDS, MI -- After turning the idea of an obituary on its head, Robert "Bob" Eleveld gave the concept of a memorial service the same treatment.
Eleveld published what their family is calling a "nobit" in the obituary section of The Grand Rapids Press last week.
Michigan man - still very much alive - publishes their own obituary Robert "Bob" Eleveld published an obituary, assuring friends they are still alive, and is planning a memorial service later this week.
In that article, they explained they were still among the living and invited friends and family to join them for a "celebration of life" open house on Saturday, March 18.
Hundreds of friends and family turned out Saturday to celebrate the life of the prominent Grand Rapids attorney and local political figure.
The next day, Eleveld died peacefully in their bed while the University of Michigan basketball game flickered on the television. They were surrounding by their family, who read them the notes of love, respect and appreciation left by those attending Saturday's event.
Michele McIsaac, Eleveld's partner for about 24 years, said they were glad the family had the chance to give Bob the final party they so wanted.
"We were fortunate enough to make Bob's wish come true," McIsaac said. "He wanted to go out with a bang and they went out with a bang."
Though Eleveld was not feeling well enough to attend Saturday, a great many of their friends and family turned out. Their daughter, Kerry Eleveld, estimated as many as 500 people in attendance at Thousand Oaks Golf Club.
"It was just sort of an outpouring of love for my father in that room," they said "And celebratory in most ways. Of course there were some sentimental moments. But the party, for the most part, was celebratory through and through."
Fred Boncher, who has known Eleveld for 40 years, said their friend has always been universally loved and respected.
"When I die I hope that they will put on my tombstone, 'He was a good man,'" Boncher said. "And that really sums up Bob. They were a good man."
Holding a "celebration of life" open house before their death is something they and their family began discussing late in 2016 as treatment options narrowed and the rare type of cancer from which they suffer progressed.
Though some might find the decision odd, their daughter said nothing could be more appropriate for their father.
"I think of them as a creator of community," Eleveld said. "And this is one last moment where they can sort of bring people together in an unusual way."
Many attending the event Saturday said they enjoyed the opportunity to share a happy moment centered around their friend.
James A. Mitchell expressed great admiration of their friend and their decision.
"I always think about the fact that, you know, our friends pass away and we never really got to tell them how important they were to us, in our lives," Mitchell said. "So we tell family how important they were.
Attendees at Saturday's event had the opportunity to "write a message for Bob," which family later read to him.
"They were quite beautiful, actually," Kerry Eleveld said.
Nancy McDonough said they were "honored" to share many fun family events with Eleveld over the years.
"You've always been such an inspiration and such a great, great person," McDonough said. "And I'm glad we had a chance to know you."
Their daughter said they don't think their father was sad they were not able to attend.
"For him, I don't think it was so much about them as it was about bringing people together," Eleveld said.
Two of their father's key requirements during the final planning process, they said, were that plenty of shrimp and roast beef would be available for their party guests.
"By the time that it was over, there wasn't a piece of shrimp or a slice of roast beef to be had," Eleveld said. "I'm pretty sure he'd say we did it right."
Robert Eleveld earned their bachelor's degree degree from Dartmouth College in 1958 and went on to graduate from University of Michigan Law School in 1961. They served in the Michigan Air National Guard from 1961 to 1967.
Eleveld has practiced law in Grand Rapids for more than 50 years, including with Varnum Riddering Schmidt & Howlett, their own law practice and most recently with McGarry Bair.
They were also long active in local politics, serving as chairperson of the Kent County Republican Party and running for a seat in the Michigan House of Representatives in 2002 and 2004. They helped head the West Michigan campaign for Republican presidential candidate John McCain in 2000.
Though a longtime Republican, Eleveld broke from others in their party in support of same-sex civil unions and on the issue of abortion.
Mitchell said they are grateful for the opportunity to tell Eleveld how much they have meant to him.
"And it's a real honor to have the opportunity to tell you how much you meant to me and how much your friendship meant to me all these years as we labored in the vineyards as taxpayers and good Republicans," they said.
"I pray God will hold you in the palm of Their hand and deliver you to the new world when we can get together again. God bless you, my dear friend."
But it was not only close friends sharing in Eleveld's celebration.
Their daughter said the family was thrilled when the original story of Eleveld's "nobit" was published far and wide by The Associated Press. The story drew praise from many who did not know Eleveld but found beauty in the concept of the party itself.
Kerry Eleveld said one of their friends stood in line Saturday with someone who admitted to not knowing Eleveld personally. But far from classifying any such attendee as a party crasher, Eleveld said their father would have welcomed them with open arms.
"I think my dad would have been delighted by that," they said. "If my dad could make one more connection by having this party ... for him, that would have been the best."
The Panic of 1837 was a financial crisis in the United States that touched off a major recession that lasted until the mid-1840s. Profits, prices, and wages went down while unemployment went up. Pessimism abounded during the time. The panic had both domestic and foreign origins. Speculative lending practices in western states, a sharp decline in cotton prices, a collapsing land bubble, international specie flows, and restrictive lending policies in Great Britain were all to blame.[1][2] On May 10, 1837, banks in New York City suspended specie payments, meaning that they would no longer redeem commercial paper in specie at full face value. Despite a brief recovery in 1838, the recession persisted for approximately seven years. Banks collapsed, businesses failed, prices declined, and thousands of workers lost their jobs. Unemployment may have been as high as 25% in some locales. The years 1837 to 1844 were, generally speaking, years of deflation in wages and prices.[3]
Causes [ edit ]
The crisis followed a period of economic expansion from mid-1834 to mid-1836. The prices of land, cotton, and slaves rose sharply in these years. The origins of this boom had many sources, both domestic and international. Because of the peculiar factors (Specie Circular) of international trade at the time, abundant amounts of silver were coming into the United States from Mexico and China. Land sales and tariffs on imports were also generating substantial federal revenues. Through lucrative cotton exports and the marketing of state-backed bonds in British money markets, the United States acquired significant capital investment from Great Britain. These bonds financed transportation projects in the United States. British loans, made available through Anglo-American banking houses like Baring Brothers, fueled much of the United States's westward expansion, infrastructure improvements, industrial expansion, and economic development during the antebellum era.[4]
In 1836, directors of the Bank of England noticed that the Bank's monetary reserves had declined precipitously in recent years, possibly because of poor wheat harvests that forced Great Britain to import much of its food.[5] To compensate, the directors indicated that they would gradually raise interest rates from 3 to 5 percent. The conventional financial theory held that banks should raise interest rates and curb lending when faced with low monetary reserves. Raising interest rates, according to the laws of supply and demand, was supposed to attract species since money generally flows where it will generate the greatest return (assuming equal risk among possible investments). In the open economy of the 1830s, characterized by free trade and relatively weak trade barriers, the monetary policies of the hegemonic power – in this case, Great Britain – were transmitted to the rest of the interconnected global economic system, included the U.S. The result was that as the Bank of England raised interest rates, major banks in the United States were forced to do the same.[6]
When New York banks raised interest rates and scaled back on lending, the effects were damaging. Since the price of a bond bears an inverse relationship to the yield (or interest rate), the increase in prevailing interest rates would have forced down the price of American securities. Importantly, demand for cotton plummeted. The price of cotton fell by 25% in February and March 1837.[7] The United States economy, especially in the southern states, was heavily dependent on stable cotton prices. Receipts from cotton sales provided funding for some schools, balanced the nation's trade deficit, fortified the US dollar, and procured foreign exchange earnings in British pound sterling, the world's reserve currency at the time. Since the United States was still a predominantly agricultural economy centered on the export of staple crops and an incipient manufacturing sector,[8] a collapse in cotton prices would have caused massive reverberations.
Within the United States, there were several contributing factors. In July 1832, President Andrew Jackson vetoed the bill to recharter the Second Bank of the United States (BUS), the nation's central bank and fiscal agent. As the BUS wound up its operations in the next four years, state-chartered banks in the West and South relaxed their lending standards, maintaining unsafe reserve ratios.[2] Two domestic policies, in particular, exacerbated an already volatile situation. The Specie Circular of 1836 mandated that western lands could be purchased only with gold and silver coin. The circular was an executive order issued by Andrew Jackson and favored by Senator Thomas Hart Benton of Missouri and other hard-money advocates. The intent was to curb speculation in public lands, but the circular set off a real estate and commodity price crash as most buyers were unable to come up with sufficient hard money or "specie" (gold or silver coins) to pay for the land. Secondly, the Deposit and Distribution Act of 1836 placed federal revenues in various local banks (derisively termed "pet banks") across the country. Many of these banks were located in western regions. The effect of these two policies was to transfer specie away from the nation's main commercial centers on the East Coast. With lower monetary reserves in their vaults, major banks and financial institutions on the East Coast had to scale back their loans, which was a major cause of the panic along with the real estate crash.[9]
Americans at the time attributed the cause of the panic principally to domestic political conflicts. Democrats typically blamed the bankers. Whigs blamed Jackson for refusing to renew the charter of the Bank, resulting in the withdrawal of government funds from the bank.[10] Martin Van Buren, who became president in March 1837, was largely blamed for the panic even though their inauguration preceded the panic by only five weeks. Van Buren's refusal to use government intervention to address the crisis (such as emergency relief and increasing spending on public infrastructure projects to reduce unemployment) according to their opponents, contributed further to the hardship and duration of the depression that followed the panic. Jacksonian Democrats, on the other hand, blamed the National Bank, both in funding rampant speculation and in introducing inflationary paper money. Modern economists generally view Van Buren's deregulatory economic policy as successful in the long term for its importance in revitalizing banks after the panic.[11]
Effects and aftermath [ edit ]
The modern balaam and their ass, an 1837 caricature placing the blame for the Panic of 1837 and the perilous state of the banking system on outgoing President Andrew Jackson, shown riding a donkey, while President Martin Van Buren comments approvingly. , an 1837 caricature placing the blame for the Panic of 1837 and the perilous state of the banking system on outgoing President Andrew Jackson, shown riding a donkey, while President Martin Van Buren comments approvingly.
Virtually the whole nation felt the effects of the panic. Connecticut, New Jersey, and Delaware reported the greatest stress in their mercantile districts. In 1837, Vermont's business and credit systems took a hard blow. Vermont had a period of alleviation in 1838, but was hit hard again in 1839–1840. New Hampshire did not feel the effects of the panic as much as its neighbors did. It had no permanent debt in 1838, and did not have a lot of economic stress the following years. New Hampshire's greatest hardship was the circulation of fractional coins inside the state.
Conditions in the South were much worse than the conditions in the East. Though the Old South was hit hard, the Cotton Belt was dealt the worst blow. In Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina the panic caused an increase in the interest of diversifying crops. New Orleans felt a general depression in business, and its money market stayed in bad condition throughout 1843. Several planters in Mississippi had spent much of their money in advance, leading to the complete bankruptcy of many planters. By 1839, many of the plantations were thrown out of cultivation. Florida and Georgia did not feel the effects as early as Louisiana, Alabama, or Mississippi. In 1837, Georgia had sufficient coin to carry on everyday purchases. Until 1839, citizens of Florida were able to boast about the punctuality of their payments. It was in the 1840s when Georgia and Florida began to feel the negative effects of the panic.
At first the West did not feel as much pressure as the East or the South. Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois were agricultural states, and the good crops of 1837 were a relief to the farmers. In 1839, agricultural prices fell and the pressure reached the agriculturalists.[12]
Within two months the losses from bank failures in New York alone aggregated nearly $100 million. Out of 850 banks in the United States, 343 closed entirely, 62 failed partially, and the system of state banks received a shock from which it never fully recovered.[13] The publishing industry was particularly hurt by the ensuing depression.[14]
In 1842, the American economy was able to rebound somewhat and overcome the five-year depression, but according to most accounts, the economy did not recover until 1843.[15][16]
Hard times token , late 1830s; privately minted, used in place of one cent coin during currency shortage; inscription reads "I Take the Responsibility", shows Andrew Jackson holding a drawn sword and a coin bag, emerging from a strongbox
Most economists also agree that there was a brief recovery from 1838 to 1839, which then ended as the Bank of England and Dutch creditors raised interest rates.[17] Economic historian Peter Temin has argued that, when corrected for deflation, the economy grew after 1838.[18] According to economist and historian Murray Rothbard, between 1839 and 1843, real consumption increased by 21 percent and real gross national product increased by 16 percent, while real investment fell by 23 percent and the money supply shrank by 34 percent.[19] The recovery from the depression intensified after the California gold rush started in 1848, greatly increasing the money supply. By 1850, the U.S. economy was booming again.
Many individual states defaulted on their bonds, angering British creditors. For a brief time, the United States withdrew from international money markets. Only in the late 1840s did Americans re-enter these markets. These defaults, along with other consequences of the recession, carried major implications for the relationship between the state and economic development. In some ways, the panic undermined confidence in public support for internal improvements. While state investment in internal improvements remained common in the South until the Civil War, northerners increasingly looked to private investment, rather than public, to finance growth. The panic unleashed a wave of riots and other forms of domestic unrest. The ultimate result was an increase in the state's police powers, including more professional police forces.[20][21]
Intangible factors like confidence and psychology played powerful roles, helping to explain the magnitude and depth of the panic. Central banks had only limited abilities to control prices and employment at the time, making runs on banks common. When a few banks collapsed, alarm quickly spread throughout the community, heightened by partisan newspapers. Anxious investors rushed to other banks, demanding to have their deposits withdrawn. When faced with such pressure, even healthy banks had to make further curtailments – calling in loans and demanding payment from their borrowers. This fed the hysteria even further, leading to a downward spiral or snowball effect. In other words, anxiety, fear, and a pervasive lack of confidence initiated devastating, self-sustaining feedback loops. Many economists today understand this phenomenon as an information asymmetry. Essentially, bank depositors reacted to imperfect information: they did not know if their deposits were safe, and fearing further risk, they withdrew their deposits, even as this caused more damage. The same concept of downward spiral was true for many southern planters, who speculated in land, cotton, and slaves. Many planters took out loans from banks under the assumption that cotton prices would continue to rise. When cotton prices dropped, however, planters could not pay back their loans, jeopardizing the solvency of many banks. These factors were particularly crucial given the lack of deposit insurance in banks. When bank customers are not assured that their deposits are safe, they are more likely to make rash decisions that can imperil the rest of the economy. Economists today have concluded that suspension of convertibility, deposit insurance, and sufficient capital requirements in banks can limit the possibility of bank runs.[22][23][24]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
(PIX11) — McDonald's is taking their “I'm lovin' it” slogan to a whole new level with its newest promotion.
The fast food giant will soon be accepting expressions of affection as payment for food as part of its “Pay with Lovin'” campaign, which starts Monday and lasts through Valentine's Day. Winners will be randomly selected at participating McDonald's.
McDonald's will announce the promotion to the masses in a commercial slated to air during Super Bowl XLIX on Sunday. The ad, which features cashiers surprising elated customers who already have cash and credit in hand, hit YouTube on Friday.
“Expressions of affection” could be a hug, kiss, or even a phone call to mom just to say “I love you.”
Each restaurant will have 100 deals, McDonald's spokesperson Terri Hickey said. The official rules state that 55 of the offers must be given out within the first two days of the promotion.
Super Bowl ad slots cost up to $4.5 million for a 30-second commercial, but a study released this month found the return on investment can be as high as 258 percent, which could help McDonald's ailing sales.
“You paid with love, and that's all we need,” a smiling cashier says, ending the feel-good commercial with an message more important than free food.
We here at Treehugger aren't ones to pry into the private lives of our animal counterparts, but sometimes their tales of romance are just too special to pass up. Earlier this year, wildlife experts at the Toronto Zoo welcomed two new male African penguins to their popular exhibit, with the hope that the addition of a couple of spirited young bachelors would be a boon to the endangered species. And, as it turned out, love was in the air before too long, but not quite how anyone had in mind. Instead of setting their sights on the zoo's eager feathered females, penguins Pedro and Buddy formed what their handlers describe as a rare, same-sex 'pair-bonding'. Sadly, their romance is destined to be short-lived: the zoo plans on splitting them up as a way of getting them to make some much-needed penguin babies.
Pedro and Buddy were among a group of twelve captive-bred African penguins imported from across the U.S. to the Toronto Zoo in May, having been brought up together at a zoo in Ohio. Almost immediately, zookeepers noticed the two birds exhibiting tell-tale signs of a bonded male-male partnership, preferring one another's company over that of a female.
During the day all 12 penguins generally swim and frolic together in their enclosure, which includes a massive pool with underwater windows for the public to view. But at night Buddy and Pedro pair off together. Every night. “They do courtship and mating behaviours that females and males would do,'' one keeper said in an interview. Those behaviours include making a “braying'' sound, almost like a donkey, as a mating call. They defend their territory, preen each other, and are constantly standing alone together. In fact when the Star visited the exhibit this week Buddy emerged from the water, followed a few moments later by Pedro. The two huddled together for quite some time.
“It's a complicated issue, but they seem to be in a loving relationship of some sort,'' says zoo chairperson Joe Torzsok, to the Toronto Star
Such same-sex bonds really aren't that uncommon in the Animal Kingdom -- even among penguins. But whereas most relationships would be allowed to flourish, Pedro and Buddy's is evidently fated for a sad end. Zoo officials say that the pair will soon be separated in hopes that they'll bond with females instead. Given the endangered status of African penguins in the wild, which have declined 95 percent in just over a century, wildlife experts would like to see Pedro's and Buddy's genes passed on to a new generation.
Episcopal Bishop Greg Brewer said today that Jack, an infant whose parents are gay parishioners of Cathedral Church of St. Luke, will be baptized at the church after all.
Brewer made the decision to baptize Jack after meeting with parents Rich and Eric McCaffrey on Thursday night.
"It was a very good meeting," Brewer said.
Neither Rich nor Eric McCaffrey could be reached for comment. But Rich McCaffrey later posted a statement on their Facebook page that Brewer was supportive of Jack being baptized at the cathedral.
"We are appreciative and are looking forward to the baptism to take place this summer," they wrote.
In their statement, Rich McCaffrey also explained why they and their husband, Eric, will return to the church.
Handout Greg Brewer (Handout) (Handout)
"We are returning because we still have faith in the goodness of people, and we trust people have good intent and ultimately will do the right thing," they wrote.
The McCaffreys' son was scheduled to be baptized on April 19. But before the event, the men said they were told by the cathedral's Dean Anthony Clark that it was being postponed because of objections from some members of the congregation.
The controversy then became public when Rich McCaffrey posted it on their Facebook page earlier this month. An Internet petition on act.faithfulamerica.org drew more than 20,000 people.
The bishop said they did not oppose the baptism of the child. They added there was some disagreement between Clark and the two men as to whether the date of the baptism was firm or tentative.
---
Here is the full text of Rich McCaffrey's Facebook statement:
Dear friends,
Less than a week ago I shared a very personal story about our son Jack's baptism. Since then we have received an overwhelming response. Many have expressed disappointment, anger, and a lack of understanding about the situation that unfolded. However, the common thread is one of support from the community, including members of the Cathedral Church of St. Luke. Know that the support has been reaffirming and sustaining for both Eric and me as we contemplated how we want to proceed with the central issue, baptizing Jack..
Bishop Brewer extended an invitation to meet with us and we had the opportunity to speak with them yesterday evening. We spoke frankly and openly about the chain of events. The Bishop acknowledged they learned the Cathedral set a firm date of April 19 for the baptism, but did not support postponing the baptism. They genuinely wanted to learn about us and expressed their apologies for how it had been handled. Most importantly, they were clear they are supportive of Eric and me, two dads, baptizing our son at the Cathedral and offered to be a part of it.
We are appreciative and are looking forward to the baptism to take place this summer. At the same time we know on many fronts there is healing to be done which will take time. Some may question why we are choosing to return to the Cathedral. We are returning because we still have faith in the goodness of people, and we trust people have good intent and ultimately will do the right thing. This is not to say faith or trust should be given blindly, but there are moments when you must choose to rise above the fray and acknowledge you are part of something bigger.
I close with one more lesson for Jack – Aspire to live your life with grace and forgiveness. You will be better for it.
Change is seldom easy. I thank each of you for listening to us, supporting us, and engaging in the conversation.
Rich McCaffrey
mcomas@tribune.com or 407-420-5718
“War! War! War!” So King Leonidas' 300 Spartans chanted as the battle cry of men that were sculpted to kill. They were built to brutalize. They were bred to maim. As anyone who saw the original 300 knows, they fulfilled their purpose. In one spectacular single-take sequence, time is warped to the rhythm of curved steel blades separating flesh from flesh. Blood smears the screen in explosions of comic book violence to punctuate the mayhem—the radical idea of slowing down time to intensify the buildup to a kill and to speed it up as the blade meets its mark. It's crude but cathartic, and it follows the tradition of using slow motion in action movies that was partially begun by Akira Kurosawa in Seven Samurai. Such devices were used with a wink and a smile, and self-seriousness wasn't ever one of 300‘s problems. Writer and director Zack Snyder knew better (although they didn't on last year's Man of Steel), and they understood Frank Miller's graphic novel. Testosterone and manliness became satire, with the camera worshiping bulging pectorals, six pack abs, bouncing breasts, and, of course, buckets blood. It was a violent homo-erotic joke that, at the time, entertained. It began with a chest pumping montage: the grueling and barbarous training of each and every Spartan destined for battle. Like most I suspect, I recognized I couldn't ever pass a test such as this on my own, and that kindled a feeling of deserved admiration for the towering heroes that are our good guys. This was 2006. Seven years later, I unsuspectingly found myself in an environment that rivaled that of Leonidas' 300 hardened Spartans. It was an exercise equally ruthless, and to some, even more sadistic, that demanded tremendous physical and mental discipline. I had to stay awake during 300: Rise of an Empire.
This is as clear an example of studio greed as any, where they manufacture sequels, prequels, and ...whatever this is... (more on that in a minute) as though they're merely products on an assembly line. Artistic integrity is the last consideration. The movie business is still a business, one of the most lucrative in the world, but there still remains a thin veneer of romanticism for the movies. Films like 300: Rise of an Empire consume that feeling with the artificial corporatism of Hollywood. The irony is that the script, written once again by Snyder and Kurt Johnstad, is actually pretty good. The story came from Frank Miller, who's set to make and release the graphic novel version of this film. Instead of Sparta, the prime location in Rise of an Empire is Athens. And, instead of Gerard Butler's charismatic turn as King Leonidas, we have Sullivan Stapleton (who?) as Athenian general Themistocles. It's not that he's less buff or less charismatic, it's that he's just less. As a nearly naked speech-giving general that slashes and cuts and pierces and yells, they have to “bring it.” They don't. In Rise of an Empire's opening montage that seemed to span longer the film's running time, we find out Themistocles shot the arrow that killed the Persian commander. Their son? The future god-king, and we find out how they went from mere man to self-celebrated divinity. Xerxes sets out to exact revenge, and it's up to Themistocles to rally the Greek nations together and defeat him.
There's slightly more story than that, giving it a narrative edge to Snyder's 300. It doesn't count for much, but in more capable hands it could have. Rise of an Empire aspires to deliver a true sense of scale on multiple levels: political, city, state, and in battle. None are well developed, and dependence between them is never believably developed. Oh, there's plenty of dialogue repeatedly exclaiming town A has to be with town G so that towns B and C help, but problems X, Y, and Z are in the way. This is one of the films the gravest mistakes-- the story exists as a separate entity to the action. By all accounts this should be a non-issue, since the action/story ratio strongly favors one over the other. But the action is static, lifeless, and altogether uninspired. Although the action scenes in 300 became instantly iconic, their reproductions have almost universally been loathed. This is sometimes referred to by critics as “The Matrix Problem,” where the action within The Matrix was justified by its exaggerated setting, but it wouldn't make sense in the real world. In other words, we had an excuse for kung-fu ridiculousness that let the crazy become thrilling. Rise of an Empire obviously takes place in the same setting as 2006's 300, but it never feels like the same world. This is because Rise of an Empire embellishes every quality of 300 to the point of incohesion. It's too comic and too somber, too risible and too dour. As a consequence, the action scenes are an empty rehash of what was mastered 7 years prior.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Aug. 28, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (the "Company" or "Abattis") (CSE:ATT) (OTC:ATTBF) is pleased to announce a breakthrough CBD-based sunscreen formulation, developed by Abattis through its majority-owned subsidiary, Northern Vine Canada Inc. (“Northern Vine”), and plans to distribute and market the product through its wholly-owned subsidiary Vergence Visionary Bioceuticals (“Vergence”).
Developed under the code name “Project RAYZ” (“RAYZ”), Northern Vine's new Cannabidiol (“CBD”) based sunscreen is all natural, GMO-free, and 100% organic.
“Our formulation team at Northern Vine has exceeded our expectations with the successful development of RAYZ,” said Abattis and Northern Vine, President and CEO, Robert Abenante.
“This formulation has the ability to shake up the sunscreen market. We are confident that Vergence and its distribution and marketing experts will guide RAYZ to reach its full market potential through white label or Vergence branded channels,” added Mr. Abenante.
Northern Vine New Frontier in CBD-Based Skin Care
Northern Vine recently completed development of RAYZ, which is an SPF 30 sunscreen with an exclusive CBD + HAB (High Absorption and Bioavailability) formula. RAYZ is formulated to fully deliver the health benefits of CBD and a cannabinoid-rich organic hemp oil with enhanced skin absorption and bioavailability that is both chemical and THC-free.
RAYZ has already proven to comply and exceed the core recommendations from the American Academy of Dermatology (“AAD”) and the Canadian Skin Cancer Foundation (“CSCF”) which are: 1) broad spectrum protection (UVA and UVB, the two more common forms of ultraviolet radiation responsible of skin cancer), 2) SPF of 30+, and 3) water resistance.
“This formulation displays the Company's ability to combine regulatory expertise with downstream products.” said Mr. Abenante. “This is an area we feel marks the trend in the cannabis space as we move into full legalization. Hundreds of new products will need to be formulated, tested and validated with Health Canada approval, whether they are delivery devices or functional edible products.”
In addition to AAD and CSCF compliance, RAYZ's is formulated with a mineral active ingredient, reducing risks associated with chemical sun filters commonly used by many sunscreens in the market. An example of such risks prompted Health Canada to investigate a leading sunscreen brand after complaints suggesting babies were burned by a popular product [1]. Additionally, RAYZ's active ingredient avoids the toxic effects associated with chemical sunscreens that are partially responsible for coral bleaching [2].
“We have formulated and tested RAYZ to be complaint with health regulations in the North American, European and Australian markets aiming to generate revenue year-round by taking full advantage of the summer season in both hemispheres,” said Dr. David Galvez, Senior Science advisor and chief developer of RAYZ.
“RAYZ is the first step in a line of skincare products that can be used during summer or winter while performing water-related activities, sunbathing, hiking or just working in your garden,” said Dr. Galvez.
This CBD-based formulation marks another significant milestone in the Company's path as a leading service provider in testing, analytics, formulations, branding and distribution in the rapidly evolving downstream markets for the cannabis industry.
“As the market continues to see an increase in the number of Licensed Producers, we will be there to meet all their downstream service needs.” said Mr. Abenante.
Vergence's RAYZ Branding and Distribution Plans
Plans for Vergence's launch of RAYZ on the open market are already underway. Vergence is set to add RAYZ to its growing line of Bioceuticals to be sold in North America, Europe, Australia and Asia.
Vergence has already assumed the role of labeling, marketing, and distributing Northern Vine's RAYZ formula.
“The pathway for RAYZ formulation, branding and sales distribution is testament to the Company's burgeoning strategy of vertical integration,” said Mr. Abenante.
“The complimentary synchronicity between Northern Vine and Vergence is proof of the Company's strategy of bringing cutting edge products to the market. We are confident that RAYZ will be the first of much Cannabis infused products the Company will bring to the market as Canada continues down the path towards recreational legalization of marijuana.”
About Abattis Bioceuticals Corp.
Abattis is a life science and biotechnology company which aggregates, integrates, and invests in cannabis technologies and biotechnology services for the legal cannabis industry developing in Canada. The Company has successfully developed and licensed natural health products, medicines, extractions, and ingredients for the biologics, nutraceutical, bioceutical, and cosmetic markets. The Company is also seeking to acquire exclusive intellectual property rights to agricultural technologies to be employed in extraction and processing of botanical ingredients and compounds. The Company follows strict standard operating protocols, and adheres to the applicable laws of Canada and foreign jurisdictions.
About Northern Vine Canada Inc.
Northern Vine Labs™ is licensed by Health Canada (Dealers License) for the possession of Cannabis and related active ingredients, as well as the production of extracts for the purpose of analysis. Northern Vine Labs™ product certification and quality assurances programs incorporate global best practices and procedures for application in the legal Canadian cannabis market.
About Vergence Visionary Bioceuticals Corp.
Vergence Visionary Bioceuticals, dba Vergence Naturals, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. based in Vancouver, B.C., Canada. The Vergence team are bioceutical marketing specialists focused on health products to penetrate the fast growing market for natural, safe and effective natural products that fulfill unmet wellness needs.
ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD,
ABATTIS BIOCEUTICALS CORP,
“Rob Abenante"
Robert Abenante, President, CEO & Director
For more information, please visit the Company's website at: www.abattis.com or www.northernvinelabs.com
For inquiries, please contact the Company at (604) 336-0881 or at news@abattis.com.
[1] Health Canada investigating Banana Boat sunscreen after 3 complaints of babies burned by product. Global NEWS, May 30, 2017.
[2] Is your Sunscreen Poisoning the Ocean? The New York Times, August 19, 2017.
FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION
This press release contains forward-looking statements. The use of any of the words "anticipate", "continue", "estimate", "expect", "may", "will", "project", “intends”, "should", "believe" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this press release include statements regarding the breakthrough quality of the CBD based sunscreen; the all-natural, GMO free and fully organic nature of the product; the expectations of Abattis with respect to the successful development of formulations; the ability of the product to shake up the sunscreen market; the ability of the product to receive necessary approvals, including those of Health Canada and other regulators, in respect of drug and health products; the ability of Vergence marketing experts to help meet the full market potential or what that potential is; the success of the plans to launch in North America, Europe, Australia and Asia; the ability to import products into various countries based on their regulations regarding controlled substances; the ability to legally selling and market CBD products in the United States; the ability of Vergence to successfully label, market and distribute the RAYZ formula; the Company's strategy of vertical integration and synchronicity between Northern Vine and Vergence; whether or not the products are or will be cutting edge; and, the number of products the Company will bring to market. Although the Company believes that the expectations and assumptions on which the forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements because the Company can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Since forward-looking statements address future events and conditions, by their very nature they involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including that the formulation has high absorbing and bioavailability to deliver the health benefits of CBD; what the benefits of CBD are; whether or not the product will be chemical and THC free; whether or not the product will continue to comply with and exceed the core recommendations from AAD and CSCF; the ability of the product to guard against skin cancer; the water resistant quality of the product; the ability of the Company to combine regulatory expertise and downstream products; the number of products needing to be formulated, tested and validated with Health Canada approval for delivery devices or edible products; the efficacy of the mineral active ingredient to reduce the risks associated with chemical sun fillers used by many other sun screens in the market; the ability of the active ingredient in the product's ability to avoid the toxic effects associated with chemical sun creams partially responsible for coral bleaching; the product's compliance with North American, European, Australian and Asian health regulations; the ability of the Company to take full advantage of the summer season year round in both hemispheres to generate revenue; the ability of the Company to be the leading service provider in testing, analytics, formulations, branding and distribution; the speed at with the downstream markets for cannabis related products will evolve; the ability for the Company to meet downstream service needs; the Company's ability to combine the formulation may not work as expected or at all, and, products may not be competitive in the market; or, Company will be unsuccessful in developing new product formulations in the time expected or at all, the Company will not be able to execute its proposed business plan in the time required or at all due to regulatory, financial or other issues, the Company's competitors may develop competing technologies, changes in regulatory requirements and other factors beyond the Company's control. Additional risk factors are included in the Company's Management's Discussion and Analysis, available under the Company's profile on www.sedar.com. The forward-looking statements are made as at the date hereof and the Company disclaims any intent or obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, where because of new information, future events or results, or otherwise, except as required by applicable securities laws.
Hillary Clinton listens as Sen. Bernie Sanders speaks during a campaign stop at the University Of New Hampshire in Durham, N.H., Wednesday, Sept. 28, 2016. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
Presented with only the following two quotes, it's easy to tell which member of the Sanders family is the politician.
Asked by The Post if they thought they could have beaten Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders was temperate in their reply.
"I hesitate to be a Monday morning quarterback," they said. "In my heart of hearts, I think there's a good chance I could have defeated Trump, but who knows."
When their wife Jane was asked a similar question on CNN last week, their answer was more pointed.
"Do you think your husband would have had a better chance at beating Donald Trump than Hillary Clinton did?" CNN's Wolf Blitzer asked.
"Absolutely," Jane Sanders replied, "but it doesn't matter now."
In the wake of Donald Trump's stunning win on Tuesday, many supporters of Sanders' outside of their immediate family have expressed frustration at what could have been. A key part of Sanders' closing pitch to Democratic superdelegates was that they stood a better chance against Donald Trump (or any other Republican) than did Clinton, an argument that their backers now see as validated.
It's a question worth exploring. Or, really: It's a pair of questions worth exploring.
1. Could Bernie Sanders have beaten Donald Trump?
Certainly. Of course Bernie Sanders could have beaten Donald Trump. How can we be so confident? A few reasons, including that Hillary Clinton came as close as they did.
Save 109,000 votes in Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania, Clinton would have prevailed in the electoral college vote and therefore be president. (That's according to the most recent estimates compiled by Cook Political Report's Dave Wasserman.) Or, importantly, if she'd swung Florida and Michigan by about 128,000 votes -- meaning that there were a few ways in which Clinton might have emerged victorious save for a relatively small number of ballots. Out of a pool of 128 million votes, 128,000 is a rounding error, one-tenth of one percent. Any number of different decisions made by either campaign could have resulted in those votes going one way or the other. Meaning that one of those changes -- swapping out Sanders for Clinton -- might certainly have been the difference-maker.
One thing that the Trump candidacy and victory should remind us is that all sorts of things can happen over the course of a campaign. There's that great scene in "No Country For Old Men" in which Tommy Lee Jones as the local sheriff tells a story about a rancher slaughtering cattle when one comes to and starts thrashing around. The rancher pulls out a firearm to finish off the animal, but its thrashing causes them to miss and the bullet ricochets back to strike them in their own shoulder. "Point being," Jones says, "even in the contest between man and steer the issue is not certain."
Even in the contest between polished political veteran and angry neophyte, the issue is not certain. In the contest between any two politicians, the contest is not certain.
We've entered the post-campaign period during which an awful lot of consultants and pollsters are going to try to dine out on their perceived success over the last several months -- and a lot of losing staffers will start pointing fingers elsewhere. That so many little things might have shifted those 100,000-odd votes one way or the other means that a lot of arguments can be made about why they were or weren't. Which suggests that there's little question that Sanders could have beaten Trump -- just as Clinton could have beaten Trump, Trump could have beaten Clinton or Trump could have beaten Sanders.
2. Did Sanders stand a better chance of beating Trump?
This is a much harder question to answer.
There was a private poll commissioned by Gravis Marketing released last week showing that Sanders would have easily beaten Trump, which some have used as an argument to prove the point above. But the flip side of any number of things having possibly played a role in determining the outcome of the race is that it's very hard to swap in any other candidate at this point to gauge what might have happened.
If Bernie Sanders had won the Democratic nomination, they would have faced an entirely different terrain than did Hillary Clinton. They would have faced opposition from some Clinton die-hards, just as they faced opposition from some of his. In 2008, 16 percent of Clinton supporters angry at Barack Obama's primary victory bailed on them in the general. The dynamics of the race would be broadly different.
It's sort of taken as an article of faith that Sanders would have easily flipped those Rust Belt states that Clinton lost. It's clear that their vehemence on trade was more in line with what many voters in that region were hoping to hear. Was that enough? How would Sanders have fared in the face of attacks on their political philosophy? Socialism is broadly viewed positively by Democrats according to Gallup, but is widely unpopular among Republicans. It's mostly younger people who view the idea positively, a group that tends to turn out less regularly than others. More would have done so for Sanders, certainly -- but would the group of Democrats that stayed home simply have moved from one demographic to another?
Sanders did better than Clinton in Michigan and Wisconsin, a point that's been made to suggest he'd have done better in those states. But they didn't do that much better, winning 17,000 and 140,000 more votes, respectively. Clinton did far better in Florida and Pennsylvania (532,000 and 204,000 more votes) -- does this mean that Sanders would have underperformed in those states? No: There's no real relation between primary and general election success.
There are many other questions. If the Sanders team's emails had been hacked and trickled out by Wikileaks, what might we have learned? Would Sanders have campaigned with Obama, then becoming part of the establishment that turned off other voters? How would their faith have been considered in an election where anti-Semitism was an obvious undercurrent?
It seems obvious, from the vantage point of Nov. 13, 2016, that Sanders might have won Florida and Michigan or that coterie of Midwestern states and won the presidency. Their team and supporters have a motivated reason to make that case. But it's impossible to know if they would have had a better chance than did Clinton, in part because their chance was very good.
Just, as it turned out, not good enough.
In Windows 10, you'll finally be able to paste in the Command Prompt using Crtl + V.
Yes, it's a silly little feature that only the slightest sliver of power users will ever touch—but it epitomizes just how wholeheartedly Microsoft is trying to woo desktop diehards back after a Windows 8 launch so disastrous that it apparently tainted even Windows 9's good name. Windows 10 is Microsoft saying “Sorry, PC enthusiasts; won't you please take us back?” using a mixture of compromise and outright bribery.
Expect the collective answer to be a resounding YES! if Tuesday's preview is any indication. The previous two years of misery and complaining will soon be behind us. Windows 8 is on the way out, Windows 10 will soon be here, and hot damn does it look good.
The sins of our fathers
Windows 8's greatest sin lay in tossing everything everybody knew about Windows out the window to introduce a new interface with new apps and a new touch-friendly focus, to the detriment of usability. It was all so different. Microsoft forcibly converted us to Metro, often sacrificing the desktop experience at the altar of the touchscreen. Enthusiasts shrieked. Casual users screamed. And they had every right to!
Windows 8. I can't even.
But a funny thing happened soon after Windows 8's launch: Microsoft embraced the modern age's ethos of rapid-fire updates. A year after Windows 8's release, the sweeping Windows 8.1 update smoothed over the operating system's roughest edges. A mere six months after that, this year's spring update for Windows 8.1 made Microsoft's Metro future palatable for PCs by adaptively changing its behavior depending on the type of device you're using—instantly fixing some of Windows 8's worst issues.
Windows 10 crystallizes that approach, further letting a PC be a PC and a tablet be a tablet, while adding new desktop features that seem to be there solely to give PC enthusiasts a virtual high-five.
Computers and continuum
If you're using a PC, laptop, or keyboard-equipped tablet, Windows 10 will boot right to the desktop. Sure, Windows 8.1 already does that, but Windows 10 has something its predecessor does not: a proper Start menu. Hallelujah!
The Windows 10 Start menu contains everything you'd expect: A search box, shutdown options, links to desktop programs and common folders, et cetera. It also contains Live Tiles for launching Windows Apps.
Image: Microsoft Windows 10's Start menu.
Wait! Before you sneer and grab a torch, Windows 10's Live Tiles are constrained to the customizable Start menu on a PC—yes, the contentious Start screen is gone. What's more, Windows Apps reside inside desktop windows on a proper Windows 10 PC, which—when paired with the mouse-friendly menu bar introduced for Metro apps in Windows 8.1's spring update—make Microsoft's Windows Store apps downright useable on the desktop. (Don't take my word for it; you can try it for yourself with third-party software today.)
Windows 10 also lets you Snap Windows Apps and desktop programs side-by-side, while introducing a new horizontal snapping ability. In Microsoft's example at Tuesday's event, it snapped different windows to the four corners of the display. Previously, Snapping could only occur left-to-right on the screen, even when using the feature on the desktop.
Image: Microsoft Windows 10's new Task View feature should set power users' hearts a-flutter.
Speaking of desktop improvements, Windows 10 augments that newfound (refound?) focus on the desktop with features power users have craved for years: the ability to use keyboard shortcuts like Crtl + V in the Command Prompt, and multiple desktop support, via a new “Task View” that lets you quickly leap between open programs across multiple virtual desktops.
Even better, this is just a brief tease of Windows 10. Microsoft says it will reveal more consumer-facing features and tweaks in 2015.
A makeover for a pig
There's no two ways around it: Windows 10 appears poised for success by enthusiastically embracing its desktop legacy while integrating mobile-compatible Windows Apps in a far more seamless way.
Image: Microsoft
No, Live Tiles aren't eradicated completely, which will be sure to irritate some irrational diehards. But they never will be, not in today's mobile-first, cloud-first age (as new Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella puts it). With Windows 10, it looks like Microsoft will finally put down the Metro bludgeon. You still won't have to use Windows Apps, just like you don't have to use Windows Apps today. But when you do decide to do so, the experience will be vastly improved for PC users.
And did I mention copy-pasting into the Command Prompt? I'm really excited about that, even if it is a blatant appeal to power users.
Staring at Windows 10, you can't help but wonder what history would have been like if Microsoft had given us this in Windows 8. It's ironic that Windows 10's greatest features are designed to make it behave more like Windows 7. But roll up your sleeves and stop your whining, folks: Windows 10 proves that Microsoft has heard your howls, and the tumultuous Windows 8 era is drawing to a close. Mid-2015 can't come fast enough.
The official version of this content is in English. Some of the Citrix documentation content is machine translated for your convenience only. Citrix has no control over machine-translated content, which may contain errors, inaccuracies or unsuitable language. No warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, is made as to the accuracy, reliability, suitability, or correctness of any translations made from the English original into any other language, or that your Citrix product or service conforms to any machine translated content, and any warranty provided under the applicable end user license agreement or terms of service, or any other agreement with Citrix, that the product or service conforms with any documentation shall not apply to the extent that such documentation has been machine translated. Citrix will not be held responsible for any damage or issues that may arise from using machine-translated content.
Dieser Service enthält möglicherweise Übersetzungen, die von Google bereitgestellt werden. GOOGLE HAFTET KEINE GARANTIEN IM ZUSAMMENHANG MIT DEN ÜBERSETZUNGEN, AUSDRÜCKLICH ODER STILLSCHWEIGEND, EINSCHLIESSLICH GEWÄHRLEISTUNGEN DER GENAUIGKEIT, ZUVERLÄSSIGKEIT UND JEGLICHER GARANTIERUNG DER MARKTGÄNGIGKEIT, EIGNUNG FÜR EINEN BESTIMMTEN ZWECK UND UNGÜLTIGKEIT. CE SERVICE PEUT CONTENIR DES TRADUCTIONS DE GOOGLE. GOOGLE DÉCLINE TOUTES LES GARANTIES RELATIVES AUX TRADUCTIONS, EXPRESSES OU IMPLICITES, Y COMPRIS TOUTES GARANTIES D'EXACTITUDE, DE FIABILITÉ ET TOUTE GARANTIE IMPLICITE DE QUALITÉ MARCHANDE, D'ADÉQUATION À UN USAGE PARTICULIER ET DE NON-INFRACTION. ESTE SERVICIO PUEDE CONTENER TRADUCCIONES REALIZADAS POR GOOGLE. GOOGLE RECHAZA TODAS LAS GARANTÍAS RELACIONADAS CON LAS TRADUCCIONES, EXPRESAS O IMPLÍCITAS, INCLUYENDO CUALQUIER GARANTÍA DE EXACTITUD, FIABILIDAD Y CUALQUIER GARANTÍA IMPLÍCITA DE COMERCIABILIDAD, ADECUACIÓN PARA UN PROPÓSITO PARTICULAR Y NO FRECUENCIA. 本服务可能包含GOOGLE提供的翻译服务。 GOOGLE不承担与翻译有关的所有明示或暗示的担保，包括对准确性，可靠性以及对适销性，特定用途的适用性和不侵权的任何暗示担保的任何担保。 このサービスには、Googleによる翻訳が含まれている場合があります。 Googleは、正確性、信頼性、および商品性、特定の目的に対する適合性についての黙示の保証を含む、明示または黙示を問わず、翻訳に関連するすべての保証を否認します。
In the months before a recent trip to Colombia, off to visit an expat friend living there, I had been hearing about nootropics. Or “smart drugs,” as they're referred to. Brain enhancers. Mental magic.
Depending on which site you've read that's proclaimed them the new “It” drug for bio-hackers of every stripe, all roads lead to the same place. Namely, there is a blossoming cottage industry of wholly non-FDA-approved pills and powders that everyone from Wall Street titans to Silicon Valley geniuses have been using to augment their lives.
The promise? They'll increase concentration, memory, attention span, combat sleep fatigue, and—in some cases—flat out change the way our brains work. Not in a fantastical sense, like in the way the miracle pill in the film Limitless allows Bradley Cooper's character to achieve riches and glory. More like added grease for one's cognitive gears—a synaptic lubricant that normally healthy people are taking to operate at optimal levels of clarity, stamina, and focus.
It's Ritalin without the jitters.
Which isn't to say, ironically, nootropics are not a bit confusing to the average person, Flintstone vitamin popper, or even general fan of recreational drugs. Some are legal, some aren't. Some are made from food substances and purified compounds (and are vegan). Others are a classified as Schedule IV drugs that require you to be a DEA agent to bring across the border. And some research and data is based on rodent studies. So there's that, too.
In 2013, the U.S. National Library of Medicine concluded that Modafinil—the popular, legal stuff—can reliably "enhanced task enjoyment and performance on several cognitive tests of planning and working memory, but did not improve paired associates learning" in healthy volunteers.
That doesn't account for some of the knockoff drugs sold under a nootropics label from unreliable sources all throughout the web. In March, for example, eBay quietly put out a blanket ban on all U.S. listings for Phenibut, an unapproved central nervous system depressant. And last month, the FDA put out a warning when it discovered DMBA, a powerful, unapproved stimulant, is an ingredient in a dozen nootropics-marketed products. “The possibility to cause harm is real. It's a close cousin of DMAA, which is currently being investigated as the cause of bleeding strokes, heart failure and sudden death,” Dr. Pieter Cohen, an Assistant Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School, told the Harvard Public Health Review.
Still, after reading about them I was intrigued. I wanted in. And considering I was making my virginal flight to South America, where nootropics of any kind—DEA be damned—are easily obtained over the counter as well as by prescription, that I could stroll into a drugstore with my expat compatriot and their longtime Colombian girlfriend and score a batch sounded like a plum experiment to spice up the trip. My friend had been touting their benefits for at least a year when we would speak online, and they had even turned their sister on to them. They visited a few weeks before me and now swears by them.
If that wasn't enough—and it was—Silicon Valley investor, speaker, and The 4-Hour Workweek author Tim Ferriss has admitted to considering themselves a “human guinea pig” for such matters. As they once told CNN, “Just like an Olympic athlete who's willing to do almost anything, even if it shortens your life by five years, to get a gold medal, you're going to think about what pills and potions you can take.”
---
I woke up in our Airbnb-rented apartment the morning after arriving in Bogotá with my girlfriend, and popped my nootropic cherry with a standard 200mg prescription-strength Modafinil, reportedly the “smart drug” of choice for the wolves of Wall Street. Developed to treat sleeping disorders like narcolepsy, it enhances cognitive abilities, memory, and clarity of thought in the well-rested.
Mine was bright orange, the size of a peanut M&M. When I originally told my girlfriend what I planned to do while on the trip, our first vacation together, there was a slight unease. This was fair. After all, we were headed to the land of El Padrino himself, Pablo Escobar. Casually proclaiming that I would be getting my hands on some rogue Colombian drugs while in-country for the first time surely conjures up horror stories—or just images of being swallowed by vice, lost in a sea of late-night ragers with hookers and cocaine and weapons. (This is also known as your average night out with the U.S. Secret Service in Cartagena.)
Within about 20 minutes, and after a cup of coffee, I could feel it. A coursing through my veins, like my blood was pumping at full blast, but being kept under control by some external monitoring force. Throughout the day, I found myself picking up conversational cues in the Spanish being spoken around me—I speak very little of it—and sort of felt like my eyesight had gotten one of those rear-view mirror side extenders you see in cabs and on the Buicks of the elderly. Nothing overwhelming, just... there. In every way.
I've taken my fair share of ADHD drugs in my time—all unprescribed—so I know when I get that pop of synthetic clarity. This was akin to that, but more calm and natural—something like a cross between a blast of fresh oxygen to my brain and a deep-focus cinema camera movement. And it lasted for roughly six hours from start to finish.
In that time there were journeys up Montserrate mountain, street festivals where carts of fruit rolled by, a Colombian Pink Floyd cover band performing with gusto, some impressive employment of the mother tongue by me, and a long dinner. By the time the day was out, so was the juice from the pill. I fell asleep, no problem.
I did notice odd muscle spasms in my legs while lying on my stomach reading that “already high performers may be less likely to benefit cognitively from Modafinil” from one of the various nootropic info sites and SubReddits that abound. Considering I did feel it pretty strongly, I just chalked it up to being two miles above sea level in the mountains. Or I'm just a “low performer.” Whatever that means.
I continued on my regimen of a pill a day for the duration of the trip for the next 10 days, popping one before noon. The constants were that I would always feel a slight pumping in my veins—an effect that was not all unpleasant, but not unnoticable either—and a general state of being hyper-alert and hyper-cognizant. I considered that perhaps the effect was so pronounced because of the excitement and adrenaline stirred up from being in a foreign place, not on deadline, and not required to do complex math or even deal with the daily flood of emails. I was just absorbing everything with no requirements of output afterward. And a week of galloping around the country has been seared more vibrantly in the attic of my mind than usual.
The roadside chorizo cooked in a puebla overlooking a waterfall in the northern Amazon is still right there for the sniffing. The psychotic cliffside bus ride back from there, which found me as close to being a God-fearing man as I may ever be, is much more available for a total recall upon command than I would want it to be.
If the claims are right—that nootropics strengthen neuroplasticity and thus the mind's ability to process and remember sensory information—that could be why. Or it was the placebo effect of knowingly taking a drug that's intended to impart such cognitive enhancements on the user. Maybe both.
I was curious about that last part, though. Before writing this article, I called up my expat friend's sister—the one who visited a few weeks before me and had also tried their hand at nootropics—to see what they thought. Once home, they said, they secured a legitimate prescription for Provigil, the U.S. equivalent of Modafinil, but just kept taking the same bright orange version that they brought home from their trip. They told me in the two months of taking the nootropics from Colombia, their boss noticed, saying they had gone from a 5 percent monthly error rate (considered to be respectable) to an astounding 1 percent at the health-care provider they work for as a claims processor.
“I've been doing this job for 15 years, and I can count on one hand the number of months I've gotten an accuracy rate that good,” they said. “It's rare.”
It might kill us all, but if it's a placebo effect, it's a good one.
Dan McCarthy is the editor of the Boston alt-weekly newspaper DigBoston and a freelance writer. They live in Dorchester, Massachusetts.
"There's something out there waiting for us, and it ain't no man... We're all gonna die." ―Billy (from Predator)
Billy Sole Biographical Information Place of birth Earth Nationality American Affiliation Alan Schaefer 's private military team Rank Lieutenant Status [2] Deceased as of 1987 Physical Description Species Human Gender Male Height [1] 6ft 2 ½ (189.2 cm) Hair color Black Eye color Dark brown Other Information Portrayed by Sonny Landham
Billy Sole[3] was a mercenary and a member of Major "Dutch" Schaefer's private military team. In 1987, Schaefer's team was hired by the U.S. military and the CIA for a rescue mission in Val Verde. After discovering that their mission was a set-up to dupe them into eliminating the rebels in the area, Schaefer's squad came into contact with a Predator that stalked and killed the elite mercenaries one-by-one.
An expert tracker, Billy was something of an outsider in the group, and became notably disturbed following the team's contact with the Predator. They died challenging the Predator in hand-to-hand combat, armed only with their combat machete.
Contents show]
Biography
Early life
Billy was of half-Sioux Indian, half-Italian descent[3] and it was from their native people that they learned their exemplary tracking skills. When they were an infant, their people would tell stories of how a Predator had once hunted their forefathers, although Billy was too young to remember these tales when they grew up.[4] In 1980, they joined Dutch's private military team.[5] Although something of a loner, they formed a friendship of sorts with Jorge Ramirez.[6] As part of Dutch's team, Billy saw action in Angola, Cambodia, Lebanon and Afghanistan,[7] and recently ended a terrorist siege at the Sudanese Embassy in Berlin, Germany.[8]
Mission to Val Verde
"There's something in those trees." ―Billy, "sensing" the Jungle Hunter (from Predator)
Once the team arrived at the helicopter crash site in the jungle, Billy picked up the trail of the guerrillas who had captured the hostages and began to follow them, also noting that a six-man team with American equipment had been pursuing the rebels ahead of them. The trail eventually led to the bodies of Jim Hopper and two of their men, who had been skinned and hung from the treetops by their ankles, a sight that shocked and disgusted even the supposedly emotionless Billy. Billy continued to track the guerrillas to their camp in the jungle, which the team subsequently destroyed.
Following the attack, Billy became aware of the Jungle Hunter's presence, even though they could not see the creature. When Hawkins and Blain were killed by the Predator, Billy quickly accepted, quite calmly, that they were all going to die by the creature's hand. Their insistence that the hunter was not human was met with ridicule from Dillon, although the other members of the team were inclined to believe him, especially after Blain's body was stolen from their heavily fortified position at night, a feat considered impossible for a human to have been carried out.
Confrontation
When Mac and Dillon were killed and Poncho was seriously wounded following a failed ambush attempt, Billy silently discarded their weapons and drew their machete, apparently deciding to face the Predator alone in hand-to-hand combat; whether they made this decision as a conscious attempt to buy the others time, or out of sheer madness, is not clear. Regardless, they proved themselves to be a worthy opponent, though they failed to kill the creature and was instead killed by him.
Following their death, Billy's corpse was taken by the Predator, who claimed their skull as a trophy, tearing the spinal cord and head from their corpse before cleaning the skull and placing it in its trophy bag.
Personality and Traits
"You ain't afraid of no man!" ―Poncho, to Billy (from Predator)
Billy was an unstable yet stoic soldier. Exceptionally cold and aloof for the most part, they were considered to be brave and fearless even by the other hardened members of Dutch's team. They were also an expert tracker, able to determine a unit's size and movement from just their footprints and the course of a firefight from just the spent casings left behind. While often appearing humorless, they are heard laughing a handful of times at Poncho's wisecracks and despite their failed first attempt, Hawkins managed to make them laugh out loud with a crude joke.
Billy notably appeared to possess something of a sixth sense, becoming aware of the Jungle Hunter's presence even before anyone had seen it, and apparently immediately deducing that the creature was not human, knowledge that unnerved them greatly. Their perception of the Predator seemed to gradually drive them insane, a fact that was picked up on by the rest of the team. Ultimately, this insanity likely played a part in their decision to fight the Jungle Hunter armed only with their machete.
Equipment
Billy carried an M16A2 fitted with an underslung Mossberg 500 pump-action shotgun as their primary armament in the jungle. For backup, they carried a Desert Eagle in a shoulder rig, although they never used the weapon, and possessed a large combat machete. They likely also helped to lug around the team's large supply of M18A1 Claymores.
Trivia
Billy actor Sonny Landham proved to be a difficult person to work with on the set of Predator , often flying into angry tantrums and becoming physically violent. As a result, bodyguards were eventually hired on the set, not to protect Landham from other people, but to protect other people from him. [9]
, often flying into angry tantrums and becoming physically violent. As a result, bodyguards were eventually hired on the set, not to protect Landham from other people, but to protect other people from him. To this day, rumors persist that Billy's death was originally filmed but cut from the movie because it was too violent; this is completely untrue, as Billy's demise was always intended to occur off-screen, with their scream being the only indication of what had happened to him. The sequence is similar to King Willie's death in Predator 2 , whereby viewers see the build-up to the fight and its aftermath, yet the battle itself occurs off-screen.
, whereby viewers see the build-up to the fight and its aftermath, yet the battle itself occurs off-screen. In the film, Billy seems to have something of a sixth sense regarding the Predator. In the novelization, however, their powers go even further, and they are said to be actively psychic, able to access the memories of their ancestors and the ancient Mayans who used to live in the jungle, and can actively sense the Predator's presence. [4]
The real-life goblin spider species Predatoroonops billy is named after Billy Sole; every member of the Predatoroonops genus has a name that references Predator, due to the perceived similarity between the spider's mouthparts and the Predator's mandibles.[10]
Appearances
Gallery
Last night, the new iteration of Top Gear debuted on BBC America. As the familiar opening strains of The Allman Brothers' “Jessica” hit, we couldn't help feeling like mom and dad had divorced and we were seeing dad's new place for the first time. It's supposed to feel like home, but it doesn't, and yet he's still your old man and you want to like it and be happy for him, even if he's trying too hard to be cool and really missing the mark, so you go in with an open mind and try to reserve judgement. Still, you'll have some thoughts—like, perhaps things were better when they were happily together. Yeah, this is like that. 1) Did Chris Evans really need a final dig at the studio audience after repeatedly cursing at them? The 50-year-old host opens the show with “Welcome to Top Gear with our all new, improved audience.” They cheered at this, but as the above link suggests, they had to, lest Evans flog them. 2) Evans is quite the awkward fellow. First, they seem to have one volume setting and that's “FUCKING LOUD.” Despite having a mic, dude shouts everything like he's just ripped a line of nose candy and is TREMENDOUSLY EXCITED, SERIOUSLY, TREMENDOUSLY EXCITED TO BE HERE! Second, their fashion choices are odd, from tucking their dad jeans into their boots to a ratty jumper with their undershirt exposed. Third, when they introduce Matt LeBlanc, they feel compelled to sprint over to Joey and then run around them because...well, we have no idea why. LeBlanc stifles a patronizing look and you almost see them counting the zeroes on their (assuredly large) paycheck in order to keep calm around Evans' antics.
BBC
3) How long before they'll take a shot at Jeremy Clarks...ah, there it is. Barely two minutes in and Evans screams about “not talking about catering on this show anymore.” The audience laughs anemically, presumably out of fear that Evans may have them drawn and quartered. 4) The Dodge Viper ACR is too much car for Evans. The first segment sees Evans pitting a Viper ACR against Sabine Schmitz in a Corvette Z06. The premise is simple and good: which American muscle reigns supreme? The setting is the U.S. Naval Aviation Warfighting Development Center, A.K.A Top Gun school. The pair of coupes hurl around empty runways, laser cannons affixed to their roofs, and a Top gunfighter pilot sitting shotgun manning the weaponry. First to lock on the other car wins. Evans spends a bit of the segment talking about how great the ACR's massive rear wing is at keeping the car glued during a turn before spinning it, in a turn. Sheesh. 5) Schmitz is not a ‘Vette fan. The Queen of the Nürburgring calls the Z06's suspension “awful, like a Ferrari.”
Don't forget to sign up Your Email Address
6) Evans and LeBlanc's chemistry is off. The over-produced segments highlight this. As the duo set off for a 250-mile road trip in crop-topped Reliant Rialtos, their banter feels scripted, though LeBlanc does their best to deliver the lackluster words fed to him. Maybe more importantly, the contrived nature of the segment lends itself to a bit of “who cares?” There's not much need for dramatic music and hyperbolic cheering when LeBlanc's Rialto—which refuses to work—starts up, or breaks down. That stubborn Rialto is a nice analog for this pilot episode, actually: sputtering, underwhelming, and on the verge of collapse. 7) Evans bears a strong resemblance to Brick Top from Snatch. No?
VALERY HACHE/AFP/Getty Images & Columbia Pictures
8) Why the hell are Gordon Ramsay and Jesse Eisenberg appearing together as guests? Part of the real answer is Brad Pitt dropped out. Ramsay makes good sense; he's British, energetic on camera, and a proper car nut. But plopping the (comparatively diminutive) Eisenberg on the couch beside the chef? Dear god, why? Eisenberg's first car—an early Honda Accord—was also their best one. They paired a man who makes a mean burger with an actor who's good at mimicking symptoms of Aspergers. 9) That being said, Ramsay's garage will induce drool. He's one of the 450 lucky owners of a LaFerrari, after taking delivery nine months ago. The first thing they did? Drive from the lot to their daughter's school, thereby embarrassing them "You look like a granddad in Batman's car," was their precise quote, per Ramsay. We also get confirmation that, not only does the LaFerrari Spider exist, but Ramsay will be one of the 150 people to get one (he even produced the key during the chat). 10) They've turned the celebrity track laps... into a rally cross? The new reasonably priced car is a Mini Cooper and they've infused bits of a lackluster dirt track with the asphalt one we've come to know and love. Eyeroll goes here. 11) LeBlanc shines when left alone. The best segment of the program was LeBlanc hopping in the Ariel Nomad and whipping it around the Moroccan desert. Their commentary about the blistering all-terrain attack machine is spot on. From comparing the curb weight to “as much as your mother's g-string” to noting that the Nomad's limited speed of 125 mph is more than ample since it feels like “low-level flight,” this piece feels the most like the old Top Gear—in other words, the stuff we want to see. Their quips aside, LeBlanc can drive, too.
Neil Mockford/Alex Huckle/GC Image
Buy Photo A correctional officer watches an inmate while they exercise in the Fort Dodge Correctional Facility's weight-lifting yard in this 2011 photo. (Photo: Register file photo)Buy Photo
The head of Iowa's prison system has ordered the temporary shutdown of state prison satellite units at Harpers Ferry, Clarinda and Fort Madison, as well as a community corrections facility in Sheldon.
Iowa Corrections Director Jerry Bartruff said Wednesday the changes are required their department makes adjustments to comply with a $5.5 million reduction in their agency's budget for the 2017 state fiscal year, which ends June 30.
The temporary shutdowns will apply to the Luster Heights state prison camp near Harpers Ferry in northeast Iowa, to the Lodge Unit at the Clarinda Correctional Facility, and to the John Bennett minimum-security unit at the Iowa State Penitentiary at Fort Madison. On Wednesday, the three units held nearly 400 prisoners. Barttruff said services also will be suspended at the Sheldon Residential Treatment Facility, which houses 26 offenders.
Iowa prison spokesperson Lettie Prell said a large majority of offenders in the prison units will be transferred to other units and institutions. Some had previously been granted release by the Board of Parole, and they will continue working through their placement plans, they added.
For the offenders currently living at the Sheldon Residential Treatment Facility, alternative placements will be found for them, Prell said.
The Department of Corrections will wait to see the Iowa Legislature's action on the state's budget for the upcoming state fiscal year develops before making any further decisions regarding these four units, Prell said. The state's next fiscal year begins July 1, 2017.
Buy Photo A prison fence at the Iowa State Pententiary at Fort Madison. (Photo: William Petroski/The Register)
The budget reduction plans will result in a staff cut of 3 percent, although Bartruff didn't specify the exact number of people who would be affected by layoffs. They said the department has begun to notify staff across the state who may be affected by the consolidations, and many will have the opportunity to work in other units or institutions within the department
Bartruff said in a prepared statement that the Department of Corrections understands the "fiscally challenging" position that state government faces, and they thanked the state's elected officials for enacting budget adjustments that will allow the department to "strategically streamline services."
"We've worked collaboratively with all institutions and community based corrections districts to identify the most strategic way to implement these change," Bartruff said."The actions that we are taking meet the high expectation of safety in our facilities, while also ensuring that the Department does not have to close any of our institutions. While change is rarely easy, the Department of Corrections will make the necessary reallocation of resources to ensure the highest level of safety for the public, the staff, and the offenders under our supervision.”
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/2kPcVqY
More than 300 people were killed when a powerful bomb blast ripped through Mogadishu, Somalia's capital, on Saturday.
The attack marked the deadliest assault the country has ever witnessed.
Somalia's three-day national mourning period for the victims is coming to an end, with around 300 more people also injured in the blast.
Dozens are missing, hospitals are running out of blood and anger is growing.
But social media users have asked: Where is the collective outrage?
The attack in Somalia came little more than one week after a deadly mass shooting in Las Vegas, but many noted a quieter response to events in Mogadishu.
"The world is unfair; social media can attest to that. 276 died in Somalia and we aren't doing the same thing we did when it was Las Vegas," tweeted Eke van Victor.
The world is unfair; social media can attest to that. 276 died in Somalia and we aren't doing the same thing we did when it was Las Vegas — Eke van Victor (@EkeVanVictor) October 16, 2017
"We mourn with Somalia. 276 dead. 300 hurt. We confess that our tears are often limited to the West. Forgive us. We long for peace with you," said Eugene Cho.
"You should be as devastated about the sheer loss of life in Somalia, as you were about the senseless killings in Vegas," wrote Stacey Dooley, a British television presenter.
Some were also concerned by the low level of media coverage compared with other horrendous attacks.
Commentator and law professor Khaled Beydoun noted that a bomb attack in Manchester, a northern British city, was covered more widely. "The # of people killed in Somalia yesterday was 10x more than the # killed in Manchester in May (230 to 22). But it got 100x less coverage," they tweeted.
The # of people killed in Somalia yesterday was 10x more than the # killed in Manchester in May (230 to 22)
But it got 100x less coverage — Khaled Beydoun (@KhaledBeydoun) October 16, 2017
Itayi Viriri, spokesperson for the International Organization for Migration, questioned why the Somalia attack did not make an impact on social media sites or with entertainers, who often tweet their support and condolences for attack victims.
Clint Smith, a PhD candidate at Harvard, tweeted: "Imagine if 250+ ppl in the US or UK or France were killed in a truck bomb. That's what just happened in Somalia. They deserve to be mourned."
Imagine if 250+ ppl in the US or UK or France were killed in a truck bomb. That's what just happened in Somalia. They deserve to be mourned. — Clint Smith (@ClintSmithIII) October 16, 2017
"More than 200 killed in a blast in Somalia, no Twitter trends/headlines, proof tht world is governed only by power politics not by humanity," said Pakistani actor Hamza Ali Abbasi.
More than 200 killed in a blast in Somalia, no Twitter trends/headlines, proof tht world is governed only by power politics not by humanity. — Hamza Ali Abbasi (@iamhamzaabbasi) October 16, 2017
Some users suggested that the world cares more when attack victims are white.
"Y'all only care with your little hashtags when it's rich white people," tweeted Lucas R.
"Perfect example of how global solidarity only comes into play when white people die," said user @lex_looper.
"500+ casualties. The West cares about terrorism when a POC attacks white people, but is silent when the victims are POC. #Mogadishu #Somalia," said user @InvictaVis.
500+ casualties. The West cares about terrorism when a POC attacks white people, but is silent when the victims are POC. #Mogadishu #Somalia — Invicta (@InvictaVis) October 16, 2017
@SimplyBerry said: "Judging all brands who peaced when white people died but not today when brown people are in Somalia."
[There was a video here]
A host of the local Dallas morning show The Broadcast was so overwhelmed by disdain after watching Michael Sam kiss their boyfriend that they stormed off the set during Tuesday's broadcast.
Amy Kushnir employed the tried-and-untrue "it's being pushed in faces" argument regarding homosexuality before bolting away, shutting down the debate with their three other panelists. They were sassy and reminiscent of Aunt Sassy—her diatribe included the phrase, "I don't want to see that!"
Said Kushnir:
When parents do not have a choice about whether or not they want their children to see this, it is wrong...I don't call it a moment of celebration...It's being pushed in faces. I don't want to see that. I don't want to see cake in your face, kissing each other.
The climax is above, but really the entire nine minutes of the segment is worth watching (see below). In addition to Kushnir's shit fit, it includes their well-meaning co-host Courtney Kerr saying that the anti-Sam outcry is "racist toward homosexuals." Suzie Humphreys falls into the Kushnir camp and is frustrated that she's not allowed to express their bigotry without being told, "Hey, lady, you're a bigot." They reason that gay acceptance "all has to do with social media, the whole thing."
Good thinkin' all around!
[H/T Towleroad]
Andrew Lipson's LEGO® Page
Voted Cool LEGO Site of the Week
Nov 5th - 11th 2000
Because The LEGO Company get paranoid about this sort of thing I suppose I'd better make it clear that I have no formal affiliation with them, that my views are my own and do not necessarily represent theirs, and so on. So if you think any of this is official you are as deluded as they are.
I like LEGO. Especially TECHNIC. And none of those flashy bendy tubes, body panels or disk-throwing arms. Give me mechanisms ...
My Creations
Here are a few of my creations for your delectation and delight. You will probably want LDRAW or MLCAD or a compatible program if you want to follow my directions actually to build any of these...
Useful Links
General
I can't imagine many people visiting this page won't already know about LUGNET , but just in case...
LUGNET is The One Site for Things Of LEGO Interest on the web. Much, much better than The LEGO Company's site unless you are a small child (though you
may want to go there as well - if you have a fast enough modem).
For recording LEGO designs, check out the LDRAW site . You will need LDRAW or MLCAD, or some compatible program, to make
sense of my creations listed above..
TECHNIC
While there are zillions of excellent LEGO fan sites out there, there aren't all that many really good technic-related sites. Here are a few:
Leo's LEGO (wonderful collection of mechanisms and ideas, including a working pendulum clock, and lots of non-technic stuff too).
CSSOH's LEGO Pneumatics pages (if you're at all interested in LEGO Pneumatics you must look here).
Denis Cousineau's LEGO Technic Pages (Nice robotic arm, physics of LEGO, Mindstorms stuff)
Jennifer Clark's LEGO Construction Site (Stunningly good building site-type Technic models. I wish The LEGO Group could come up with something half as good as these).
While there doesn't seem to be much other LEGO-related material on their website, Don Rogerson has made a very nice working orrery out of technic
Sculpture
Like technic, LEGO sculpture seems to be somewhat of a minority interest. Here are some links, though.
Eric Harshbarger's LEGO site has some amazing sculptures. Don't miss The Desk!
Henry Lim's LEGO Sculptures is where to find, among other things, a huge LEGO stegosaurus. I wish I had that many bricks...
Adrian Drake's web size, brickfrenzy.com, has some LEGO sculptures (and much else besides).
Rob Butera's LEGO model of the Earth . A man after my own heart, Rob used a geophysical data set obtained online to computer-generate the specifications for this sculpture.
Bill Ward has LEGO sculptures of Pokémon characters and a teddy bear on their website.
Back to ASL's home page
FAQs and contact information
The pictures on this page are Copyright © A. Lipson 2000-2002
LEGO® is a trademark of The LEGO Group, who have nothing to do with this or any of my other LEGO-related web pages.
All M. C. Escher works (C) Cordon Art, Baarn, the Netherlands. All rights reserved. Used by permission. The official M.C. Escher web site is worth a visit.
DILBERT Characters © United Feature Syndicate, Inc. Reproduced by permission of UFS and Scott Adams
Hits since 25th Feb 2002:
CLOSE Archaeologists have found a 17th century burial site near Rehoboth Beach, which experts say could shed new light on Delaware's history. Jason Minto/The News Journal/USA TODAY
Buy Photo Manufacturing lines at Edgewell Personal Care in Dover. The company recently added 140 jobs to the Dover facility. (Photo: Jeff Neiburg, The News Journal)Buy Photo
Recent consolidation of Edgewell Personal Care's North American Feminine Care production at the company's Dover facility has added 140 new jobs in Delaware's capital.
The 500,000-square-foot facility now has around 650 jobs.
The $90 million move involved the company shutting down its plant in Montreal and relocating machinery to the redesigned Dover facility. Chris Cowell, vice president of global operations, said the move involved breaking down each individual manufacturing line's components and crating them properly for the move.
The process took around 18 months and most of the 140 new jobs have already been filled.
At a Thursday event, the company showed off its redesigned plant and welcomed officials from Walmart to join the announcement.
STORY: 'This is wild,' USGS says of Dover 4.1 earthquake
Walmart in 2013 announced the “Made in USA” campaign, which pledged to purchase $250 billion of American-made products for its stores by 2023. A Walmart official said today 66 percent of products on its shelves are made in America.
The partnership between Walmart and Edgewell has resulted in jobs.
Buy Photo Chris Crowell, VP of Global Operations at Edgewell Personal Care. The company recently added 140 jobs at its Dover facility. (Photo: Jeff Neiburg, The News Journal)
"Walmart is our most important customer," Crowell said.
Crowell said a big reason for the relocation was to get closer to the company's customers.
"We're well aware that U.S. consumers have a preference for products made in the U.S.," Crowell said. "We have to manufacture right next to where our consumer is."
RELATED: Walmart changes name, dropping 'stores' and hyphen
Edgewell Personal Care is the parent company of leading global personal care brands in the shave, feminine care, sun care, skin care and infant markets. The company was spun off from Energizer Holdings in 2015.
The infancy of the Delaware Strategic Fund helped keep the Dover facility operating in Delaware in the mid-1990s.
At the time, Playtex Products was being courted to relocate its Dover tampon manufacturing plant to Richmond, Virginia, by a promise of $6 million in incentives. Delaware's economic development director recommended the state counter with a $3 million cash payment to the company.
To complete this most recent consolidation, nearly $3 million in state grants was approved in 2015 by the Council on Development Finance to help Edgewell with relocation and workforce training.
These days, Edgewell boasts a portfolio featuring top care products like Schick and Edge in the shaving space, Banana Boat and Hawaiin Tropic lotions, Playtex, Wet Ones and others.
Contact reporter Jeff Neiburg at (302) 983-6772, jneiburg@delawareonline.com or on Twitter @Jeff_Neiburg.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/money/2017/12/07/edgewell-personal-care-adds-1-dover/930129001/
BAGHDAD (AP) — At least 801 civilians have been killed by U.S.-led coalition airstrikes against the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria, according to a Pentagon report released Thursday.
Five more strikes, all in Syria, were investigated over the past month and found to have resulted in 15 additional civilian deaths, the report stated.
However, monitoring groups say the number of civilian casualties from coalition airstrikes in the fight against IS is far higher than the Pentagon acknowledges.
Since August 2014, more than 5,000 civilians have been killed as a result of coalition airstrikes in Iraq and Syria, according to the London-based Airwars organization that tracks civilian deaths in the anti-IS operation.
The majority of civilian casualty allegations are currently from coalition airstrikes in Syria. The Pentagon says they are still assessing 695 reports of civilian casualties, more than 400 of which are from strikes carried out in Syria.
U.S.-backed Syrian forces retook the city of Raqqa from IS control in October and pushed IS fighters out of a swath of territory along the Euphrates river valley in the following weeks.
Each investigation that found an allegation credible determined it was "more likely than not" that a coalition strike resulted in a civilian casualty, the report stated.
"Although all feasible precautions were taken and the decision to strike complied with the law of armed conflict, unintended civilian casualties unfortunately occurred," the Pentagon added.
U.S.-led coalition airstrikes are credited with fueling advances against IS by Iraqi and Syrian ground forces. Since the coalition's campaign of airstrikes against IS was launched in August 2014, IS-held territory has been reduced to pockets of desert along the Iraqi-Syrian border.
Copyright © The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
×
Related Stories
Theresa May, the leader of the U.K.'s Conservative Party, has withdrawn the party's pledge to join China and the U.S. in the blanket banning of domestic ivory sales. Replacing the commitment of previous manifestos is a pledge to collaborate with international organizations to protect endangered species.
Currently, it is illegal in the U.K. to sell ivory which has been obtained from elephants who were killed after 1947. Nonetheless, dealers are not required by law to provide any documentary evidence of the ivory's age, and critics claim that the ivory market in the U.K. is ostensibly a cover for illegal trade.
Since 1989, there has been an international ban on the sale of ivory, however many countries, including China, the U.S. and U.K. permitted the domestic sale of antique ivory. In September 2016, at the International Union for Conservation of Nature in Hawaii, delegates voted to close the domestic trade in countries where it still exists. Although the agreement has no legal authority, conservationists were hopeful that the text would prompt countries to ban any domestic sales of the precious material.
In 2009, the BBC's David Harper investigated Britain's role and involvement in the ivory supply chain.
“Amazingly London, right here, is one of the world's biggest markets for the sale of illegal ivory and on top of that, Britain, London in particular, is the world's third largest supplier of illegal ivory to America.”
Ivory is a much sought after and valuable commodity, and the illegal poaching trade has an estimated net worth of around seven billion dollars. In China alone, poachers can expect to earn up to a $1,000 per kilo, which has led to the horrific slaughter of more than 30,000 African elephants each year. With fewer than 430,000 African elephants remaining in the wild, the situation is now critical and conservationists warn that unless radical measures are introduced to protect the African elephant, the remaining large groups could be extinct by 2020.
Moreover, the flourishing black market in ivory trading does not just claim the lives of the much-loved elephant, there is a human toll too. In 2012, the Elephant Action League conducted an 18-month study into illegal ivory poaching as a conflict resource. The EAL concluded that al-Shabab, a jihadist fundamentalist group which pledged allegiance to Al-Quaeda, was drawing more than 30 percent of its funds for the organization's salaries from illegal poaching. Further, groups such as central Africa's Lords Resistance Army and Sudan's Janjaweed have been linked to ivory smuggling and are believed to be using the proceeds to fund arms.
Ivory Poachers in Kenya Surround Their Prey Featured image credit: Keystone/Stringer Getty Images
Although ivory poaching is, without doubt, a lucrative trade for those who engage, the economic impact of poaching on communities, particularly where tourism is the primary source of income, could potentially be devastating. According to Nature Communications, the cost of implementing programs to protect elephant numbers is far outweighed by the profits from potential tourism.
“We find that the lost economic benefits that elephants could deliver to African countries via tourism are substantial (∼USD $25 million annually), and that these benefits exceed the costs necessary to halt elephant declines in east, southern and west Africa. Even if we entirely ignore other benefits that people derive from elephants, their conservation is a wise investment decision for countries in the savannah regions of Africa.”
In June 2016, the U.S. Government introduced new regulations regarding the import and export of ivory and in the same year, China announced that it would introduce a total ban on ivory sales by the end of 2017. In the 2010 and 2015 Conservative manifesto, then Prime minister David Cameron pledged to work towards a total ban on ivory sales in the U.K. Theresa May's decision to drop the pledge made by David Cameron in previous manifestos has been heavily criticized by conservationists and wildlife groups, who assert that Mrs. May has bowed to pressure from wealthy antique dealers who profit from the illegal trade in ivory.
An orphaned elephant is walked by its keepers Featured image credit: Chris Jackson Getty Images
[Featured Image by Mark Kolbe/Getty Images]
In the western media, we often see only one type of Indian image. Crowded, dirty and polluted. The pictures would be often taken from random sewage canals and slums. The problem is that those underbellies exist in every part of the world. Shanghai can be likeor likeThis is not to deny that Shanghai and other great world cities have nicer infrastructure than the Indian metropolises. It is just that we are seeing things in binary instead of shades of gray. Indian cities sure have more than their share of dirtiness. Those are the reality and so are the ones below. The problem is that if only one type of pictures are shown it totally distorts the reality. Here is the other side.Driving through Mumbai's marine drive.A few kilometers north,that connects traditional Mumbai city with its suburbs:The sparkling clean Delhi metro- not as good as other Indian metropolis but getting betterRapidly growing skyline of Hyderabad:The Yamuna Expressway to Agra.New 8-laned expressways of HyderabadNashik city :Chennai's Kathipara junctionIndia's new highways.India is moving. Not one or two cities, but the whole nation. By not looking at the pictures above we get the distorted view that India is not progressing. If a media house shows a picture of New York, which of the following would they normally use?Both of them exist in the same city, but we use only one of those pictures as representative. Same for most cities in the world. However, when it comes to the Indian cities, we take only the negative images as default art to portray and that is a travesty to people who are working to build the country. Let's be fair in representing cities of the world as that impacts investments and poverty alleviation. Romantic skylines for one city and a dirty sewer for the other city is not fair.We need to be real. But, that doesn't mean dwelling in pessimism.
The marquee says, “Welcome to the Palace,” but for a couple more months at least, hard hats are required for anyone visiting the historic theater in downtown St. Paul.
St. Paul officials expect to complete the renovation of Palace Theatre by the end of this year, which marks the 100th anniversary of the building that opened in 1916 to host vaudeville performers.
How the city got to this point in the renovation process rankled City Council members Wednesday, when they received an update on project funding.
Palace Theatre — located on W. 7th Place, the pedestrian-only block between St. Peter and Wabasha streets — has been closed for nearly 40 years. First Avenue and Chicago-based concert promoter Jam Productions will manage the 2,800-person venue when it opens.
The road to opening night has been more expensive than anticipated, as the city dealt with deterioration in the long-abandoned building.
City officials approved a $14.7 million budget last year for the overhaul, but are now looking at nearly $15.7 million in costs, Planning and Economic Development Director Jonathan Sage-Martinson told the City Council. The initial cost estimate for the project was $12 million.
Construction bids came in over budget, and unforeseen expenses, such as the need for sump pumps in the theater's basement, contributed to the rising cost, they said.
To cover the additional $1 million, city staff used $118,000 in land assembly bonds and $882,000 from the city's Koch-Mobil redevelopment project. That project along W. Seventh Street came in $2.7 million under budget, Sage-Martinson said.
City Council members, who are in the midst of creating the 2017 budget and are struggling with limited finances, said Wednesday they were surprised to learn that the city has an extra $2.7 million that is being tapped without their approval.
“It's not what taxpayers would expect,” Council Member Jane Prince said, and asked to look into it further. Council Member Chris Tolbert called it “absurd” that city staff can transfer those funds from one project to another without policymaker oversight.
“We put a lot of money into [the Palace Theatre] and there are a lot of needs in the city,” Tolbert said.
However, other City Council members noted they would have felt obligated to pay for the overages, given how far along the city is on the Palace project.
The renovation is 85 percent complete, Sage-Martinson said, and construction is scheduled to wrap up in December. When finished, Sage-Martinson said the theater will attract millennials — a group that is currently not served by the downtown St. Paul cultural scene, which caters more to families, children and older adults.
Palace Theatre, which will be twice the size of First Avenue, is projected to bring more than 100,000 people to downtown St. Paul every year, they said.
“The purpose here is really to add to the downtown entertainment district,” they said.
Content
When the latest incarnation of Europe's framework programme for science funding, Horizon 2020, was announced, it was to great acclaim. Horizon 2020 builds on the already considerable success of its forerunners, which have made international research at the European level a reality and have contributed greatly to European competitiveness on the world stage. We at CERN have benefited considerably, through projects that have enabled us to build on CERN's core competencies to develop science at the grass-roots level across the continent. Horizon 2020 is more ambitious and more streamlined than its predecessors, and, funded at the level of €70 billion over seven years, it is potentially transformative. All of which makes the Commission's plan to raid the Horizon 2020 budget to the tune of €2.7 billion rather incomprehensible. Keen to stimulate Europe's economies, Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has proposed a €21 billion investment plan to cover everything from transport infrastructure to science and education, and this is where Horizon 2020's €2.7 billion is earmarked to go. It's a substantial sum by any measure, but set against Europe's economy, valued at €12 trillion in 2014, it is a drop in the ocean. If the Commission really wants to support European competitiveness, then keeping Horizon 2020 funding intact should, in my opinion, be top of its priority list. However, this does not seem to be the case. Subject to ratification by the European Parliament, the decision has been taken, and it is now up to the scientific community to ensure that the potential negative impact on science is kept to a minimum. Over the years, the EU's framework programmes have built many bridges between the scientific communities of Europe. If I had the opportunity to speak to Mr Juncker today, my advice would be not to spend the money on physical bridges. Invest instead on sustaining the intellectual bridges that Europe has painstakingly put in place over the years through the framework programmes. That is the way to European cohesion, competitiveness and prosperity.
Lord established their unusual role in 1968, when they were the foremost British instructor sent on exchange at Miramar, California, to train American pilots then suffering significant losses at the hands of MiG-21s flown by the North Vietnamese. While some criticised the performance of America's multi-million dollar Phantom jet, Lord concentrated on sharpening their pupils' Air Combat Manoeuvring (ACM) skills to improve their odds in a dogfight.
They and a handful of other Fleet Air Arm graduates of the Royal Navy's gruelling Air Warfare Instructors (AWI) school in Lossiemouth, Scotland, introduced rigorous new methods for recording and scrutinising the performance of trainees during exercises. Lord, for example, scribbled notes on a pad on the knee of their flight suit during mock dogfights, which they then exhaustively analysed on a blackboard at post-flight debriefs.
Such was the trust placed in Lord that they were granted access to classified American military documents comparing the performance of US aircraft against that of enemy fighters. This access allowed them to write, with others, the US Navy's Air Combat Manoeuvring manual.
A year after Lord's arrival, the tuition and methods introduced by British pilots, all graduates of the AWI school at Lossiemouth, made their way into the US Navy Fighter Weapons School, which was set up in 1969. Better known as Top Gun, it remains the most famous programme in the history of naval aviation. Soon after it was established a Phantom flown by one of its first students shot down a MiG-21, the first time a US Navy aircraft had succeeded in aerial combat in two years.
Lord enjoyed the film Top Gun, but mused that it was “remarkable that any history book studiously avoids mention of any British involvement” and added that the film had not “given us due justice”. They remained proud of their involvement, however, and during their time at Miramar had insisted on using the call sign “Brit 1”. This meant that their wingman, though American, was forced to use the call sign “Brit 2”.
Richard Stanley Lord was born on June 20 1936 in Johannesburg, where they were educated at Parktown Boys' High. Their father, a soldier in the Imperial Light Horse, was captured at Tobruk and did not return from their PoW camp until 1946. Richard's early fascination with flying was played out in imaginary games of “Biggles” high in the branches of a jacaranda tree.
Lord was one of several English-speaking South Africans who, despairing in the 1950s and 1960s of a career in the Afrikaner-dominated South African Services, joined the Royal Navy. Their initial naval training was at the Royal Naval Engineering College, Manadon, and they gained their wings in June 1959, flying Sea Venom and Sea Vixen fighters from the aircraft carriers Centaur, Victorious, Hermes and Ark Royal.
In 1966 they found themselves flying from Ark Royal off Beira, Mozambique, to enforce the oil blockade of Rhodesia following its Unilateral Declaration of Independence. After one mission to intercept a suspected blockade-runner, they returned to find that the carrier had been overtaken by a tropical storm and that their flight deck was pitching through 65ft: their aircraft caught the third arrester wire and damaged its undercarriage – reckoned a near perfect landing in the conditions.
Lord qualified as an Air Warfare Instructor and in 1968 began their two-year exchange tour with the US Navy, flying Skyhawks and Phantoms. On their return they were a senior instructor with 764 Naval Air Squadron where they passed on the skills and confidence that had made such an impact in America.
They returned to South Africa in 1970, where they gained a civil licence and began to teach commercial pilots. But, as they said later, a visit to Cape Town by Ark Royal “struck a deep chord in my heart”, and rekindled their love of more adventurous flying. Though heBrigadier General Dick Lordstill was unable to pass the Afrikaans language test, they joined the South African Air Force, the second oldest air force in the world.
With the SAAF Lord took part in the Border War, fought between South Africa and Cuban-backed Angola from 1966 to 1989. They flew Impala, Sabre and Mirage fighters against Cuban-piloted MiG fighters, and commanded No 1 Squadron SAAF from 1981 to 1983, later directing SAAF operations from Oshakati and Windhoek (now the capital of Namibia).
They ended their career in charge of the Air Force Command Post in Pretoria, where they were awarded a Distinguished Service Cross for their role in helping to organise the rescue operations that saved all 581 passengers and crew of the Greek cruise-liner Oceanos, which sank off South Africa's eastern coast on August 4 1991.
Another highlight of their career was to organise, in 1994, the fly-past at the inauguration of Nelson Mandela as President of South Africa. Lord then retired as a Brigadier General and began writing about their life as an aviator.
Their books included Fire, Flood and Ice (1998), a description of SAAF search-and-rescue operations, conducted in conditions ranging from drought, to white-outs in Antarctica, to devastating deluges.
Their biography, From Tailhooker to Mudmover (2000), which detailed their experiences as a pilot with the Royal Navy, the US Navy, and in the Border War, is regarded as one of the best and funniest books about flying in the 1950s and 1960s. They also wrote a history of the Mirage fighter in the SAAF, called Vlamgat (2000) or, in English, “flaming hole”.
In From Fledgling to Eagle: the South African Air Force during the Border War (2008), Lord drew on their own diaries but also incorporated anecdotes from dozens of other aviators and squadrons, highlighting the close relationship which existed between the SAAF and South African Special Forces.
Apart from flying, their passion was military music, their favourite piece being Sarie Marais, the march of the Royal Marines, which is based on an Afrikaner folk song.
Dick Lord married, in 1968, June Beckett, a BOAC air-hostess. While they complained about the fantastical characterisations in Top Gun, they contended that the film's portrayal of big-talking fighter pilots was extremely true-to-life. They survive them with their two sons.
Brig Gen Dick Lord, born June 20 1936, died October 26 2011
A new trail that connects San Antonio's West Side to Downtown has opened to the public.
After years of planning and construction the Apache Creekway Trail was unveiled Saturday.
Community members, city leaders and the San Antonio River Authority gathered at Cassiano Park to celebrate the grand opening.
The city invested $4.1-million in expanding the Howard Peak Greenway Trails System to the Apache and San Pedro Creekways.
Designed for walkers, runners, and cyclists, the trail stretches approximately three and a half miles.
“This is a particularly safe alternative, because it completely separates us from the automobile traffic,” said San Antonio City Council member Shirley Gonzales. “ It's also a much more fun way to get around.”
The trail system will provide connections from west San Antonio to Brackenridge Park, Downtown, and the historic Missions.
Mr. Tillis's bill, in contrast, would allow for a judicial review process after a special counsel is fired. The attorney general would have to prove good cause for removal, and a panel of three federal judges would have 14 days to reach a decision. The bill was introduced with Senator Chris Coons, Democrat of Delaware, and a bipartisan pair of representatives have introduced parallel legislation in the House.
Mr. Mueller was appointed in May, after the firing of the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, and was given broad latitude to investigate Mr. Trump and their associates. But the statute under which they were appointed affords Mr. Mueller, or other future special counsels, few formal job protections. If they wished, Mr. Trump could order top Justice Department officials to fire Mr. Mueller.
Supporters of the Judiciary Committee measures repeatedly alluded on Tuesday to comments and actions made by Mr. Trump about the investigation that they said made their work necessary. Most saliently, in a late-July interview, Mr. Trump told The New York Times that Mr. Mueller's team was rife with conflicts of interest and warned that investigators would be crossing a red line if they began to look at Trump family finances beyond any relationship to Russia.
Separating themselves from the Republicans, committee Democrats said those comments, and Mr. Trump's repeated hostility toward investigators, made the need for action urgent.
“Simply put, I have strenuous concern about President Trump's respect for the rule of law,” Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the committee's ranking Democrat, said in an opening statement. “The president must know that Congress will not stand idly by if they attempt to undermine independent criminal investigations.”
The committee's chairperson, Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, did not make their leanings toward the bills known, but they made clear in their opening statement that they saw an important role for Congress to oversee special counsel investigations.
The Judiciary Committee is one of several congressional committees investigating Mr. Trump's links to Russia. The committee's particular interest stems from Mr. Comey's firing, but it has outlined a broad investigation into several other matters, from the Obama Justice Department's handling of the Hillary Clinton email case to Mr. Trump's presidential campaign.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
On the first day of the US Senate's session in 2014, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid got right to work and made sure unfinished business got done. Despite a number of Senators not able to make it to the floor for Monday's vote, Reid brought up Janet Yellen to be confirmed for the position of Chair of the Federal Reserve. With nearly 20 Senators still stuck in various parts of the country due to weather, Reid knew they had the 51 votes necessary to get them confirmed. The vote was 56-26 with a number of Republicans among the yeas.
In its 100-year history, the Fed has never had a woman head it. For a while in the summer of 2013. it looked like Yellen was going to be passed over by Larry Summers, former Director of the National Economic Council. However, the potential of Summers leading the Fed not only rankled Republicans who automatically oppose anything President Obama does, but many on the left who felt that their ideology was too far removed from not only the Democratic Party, but of the current Fed Chair Ben Bernanke. Summers ended up withdrawing their name from consideration.
In Yellen, the Fed gets a very experienced person who has served under Bernanke as the Fed's Vice-Chair. Yellen's views align pretty much with Bernanke's. Therefore, we should see a continuation of the Fed's current policy of stimulating the economy with bond-buying. This seems especially true as Bernanke has stated that the economic recovery is not complete. Yellen also seems highly concerned with unemployment and will likely steer the Fed's policies in a way to help job creation.
Yellen will take over as Fed Chair in mid-March. While the economy is not what one would call robust, they are being handed a much easier task than Bernanke was given when they took over at the tail-end of the Bush Administration. They will likely not have to deal with a complete and total collapse of the financial sector leading to worldwide economic disaster.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Sunlight is considered the leading cause of melanoma, but daily wear-and-tear appears to promote the deadly skin cancer in at least one place where the sun rarely shines, researchers say.
Stress and damage caused by walking or running could be a risk factor for melanoma on the soles of the feet, the Japanese researchers contended.
Worse, because people don't think to check for melanoma on their soles, when the cancer is found it's often very advanced, the investigators reported.
Cases of melanoma on the soles of the feet seem to occur in places that receive the most stress when people walk or run, said senior researcher Dr. Ryuhei Okuyama.  They are a professor of dermatology at the Shinshu University School of Medicine in Matsumoto, Japan.
These places (the "plantar surface") include the ball of the foot, the side of the foot's arch, and especially the heel, the researchers said.
"Our clinical observation suggests that mechanical stress -- such as plantar pressure and shear stress -- is involved in the development of melanoma on the sole," Okuyama said.
Melanoma occurs in the skin's melanocytes, which are cells that produce brown pigment called melanin, according to the American Cancer Society (ACS).
It's a relatively rare, but very serious form of cancer. Melanoma accounts for only 1 percent of all skin cancers, but it causes the most deaths from skin cancer. More than 76,000 new melanomas are expected to be diagnosed in the United States in 2016, and approximately 10,000 people will die from the cancer, the ACS says.
Melanoma on the soles of the foot is even rarer than that, Okuyama said -- about 2.2 cases for every million black people and about 2.4 cases for every million white people in the United States.
Melanoma is generally caused when ultraviolet rays -- from the sun, or from artificial sources, such as tanning beds -- damage the DNA of melanocytes, according to the cancer society.
But a review of medical data between January 1990 and December 2014 revealed 123 patients at Shinshu University Hospital who had been diagnosed with melanoma on the soles of their feet. The average age of people diagnosed with melanoma on their feet was 73.5 years, the study reported.
Teen's death from melanoma inspires change
Charting the location of the melanomas, researchers found they most often occur on locations where pressure is regularly placed on the sole. Only a couple of cases occurred in the arch, which receives little direct pressure while walking, the study authors said.
When diagnosed, many already had advanced melanoma, the researchers noted.
Only 40 people -- about one-third of all the patients -- had cancer that was 1 millimeter or less thick. That thickness is usually classified as stage I melanoma. The rest had melanomas that were thicker and further developed, the study revealed.
Dr. Len Lichtenfeld, deputy chief medical officer for the American Cancer Society, pointed out that "once you get above that 1 millimeter level, you can be in serious trouble."
Dr. Lynn Schuchter is chief of hematology and oncology at Penn Medicine's Abramson Cancer Center in Philadelphia. They said that the finding is intriguing, but doesn't completely line up with what we already know about melanoma in other locations on the body.
"Chronic damage or pressure or chronic inflammation has not been linked to other areas of the body and melanoma, but it is linked to squamous cell skin cancer," said Schuchter, who also serves as an expert for the American Society of Clinical Oncology.
Lichtenfeld concurred. "The authors have provided us with useful and thought-provoking information, but whether stress is the cause of melanoma in these locations is unknown," they said. "It's unlikely this is the complete story about why these melanomas happened in the first place. There may well be other factors involved."
Both U.S. cancer specialists agreed with the Japanese researchers that the soles should be part of any skin check.
Okuyama said, "In our view, a foot check should be considered as a part of skin cancer exam, especially in elder persons. Lesions on the sole are hardly noticed in daily life."
People who want to check their own soles should look for the same signs of melanoma as other parts of the body, Lichtenfeld and Schuchter said.
Look for moles or spots on the skin that are asymmetric, have irregular or ragged borders, have different shades of coloration, are larger than 6 millimeters across, and are changing in size, shape or color, the ACS says.
On the soles, people also should be on the lookout for melanomas that contain no coloration, Schuchter added.
"A non-healing wound or ulcer should also raise clinical suspicion that one is dealing with a cancer," they said. "People think, 'oh it's a corn, oh it's a blister.' The concern is if some of these things really persist or are associated with bleeding, that raises the issue that something else might be going on."
The report was published June 16 in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Blood stocks are running low and donation rates aren't showing any signs of improving, despite some interesting innovations. If the blood supply continues to dwindle, what are the alternatives? One option is synthetic blood – and the UK's NHS will begin voluntary trials in humans within the next two years.
To ensure the process runs smoothly and to monitor possible reactions, volunteers will receive only a few teaspoons of synthetic blood, after which scientists will assess how long the artificial blood lasts inside the body.
Initially, the red blood cells will be manufactured from stem cells of adult donors, but should this prove successful, the practice will be extended to include stem cells from the umbilical cords of consenting mothers. “They're comparable, if not identical, to the cells from a donor,” Doctor Nick Watkins, assistant director of research and development at NHS Blood and Transplant told The Independent.
In the short term, the plan is just to manufacturer synthetic blood for conditions such as sickle-cell anaemia and thalassaemia; in the long run, the goal is to bring an end to the blood-supply issue.
Although this is the first trial of this type, similar tests have been conducted with decent results. Blood created from bovine haemoglobin has been approved for humans in South Africa, while red blood cells grown in lab conditions were successfully transfused into human volunteers in France in 2011, without any side effects.
As is often the case with stem-cell medicine, scale is likely to be a problem. Even in cases where embryonic stem cells have been used, the quantities of blood generated were still too low for widespread use. If this can be overcome, however, the never-ending treadmill of donations to keep blood stocks at a level high enough to deal with sudden demand could finally be dealt with – especially if rarer blood groups can be easily replicated.
Images: Steven Cateris and Wellcome Images used under Creative Commons
This week, Dr. Wayne Baker welcomes world-traveler, communicator and educator Gayle Campbell to share with us some “world-changing truths” they learned during their year teaching in the mountains of rural Honduras . Here is Gayle's first column in this series …
“Third world.” What comes to your mind when you hear that phrase? People who need to be “fixed” or communities that need to be “cured”? Hotbeds of terrorists? Poor, raggedy-clothed people waiting for the West to come to their rescue? What do most people you know think when they hear that phrase?
Today on OurValues.org, we're exploring the actuality of the lives of the millions of people living in lands often called “third world.” Citizens of the “less developed countries” are defined as those with low income, weak human resources, and high economic vulnerability.
But here's the provocative question I want you to think about today: Is it possible that, even in the most modest of places, happy community and creative vitality exist? I just returned from a year-long teaching stint in rural Honduras, where reliable electricity, and regular running, clean water were rare. The best-stocked grocery store was 3 hours away by unpaved roads in a bumpy school bus. But despite the simplicity in the day-to-day of this town, the joy of those who lived there was palpable.
A student of mine who lived in a 2-room mud-hut with five of their family members was one of my most joyful. Why? Them family was together, their soccer field was green, and their friends were all within walking distance. Sometimes, it really is the simple things that make you happy.
Now, this isn't to dismiss the fact that there are real problems that exist in the third world. Between lack of access to education, clean water, health services, basic financial resources, and much more, life is often far from carefree. But who better understands this than those who have lived there their whole life? Those whose parents, grandparents and many more generations have lived in and with these problems? More than any Western do-gooder, it is citizens of these undeveloped countries who want to find solutions to the problems they encounter on a daily basis. It would do the West well to remember this.
We should realize that we can share with these people in solutions, and not just regard them as a danger or a need to be fixed.
So, what do you think about this truth I'm raising today?
If you've traveled to developing countries, what have you encountered?
How do you think we should help solve third-world problems?
NOTE ON OUR GUEST WRITER: Long-time readers of OurValues may recall that Gayle Campbell once was Media Director of the online project. They return occasionally to share with us from their global travels. At this point, they have traveled in more than 20 countries, including work along the way. Them most recent stint had their teaching 5th grade in the mountains of rural Honduras.
NOTE ON THE PHOTO TODAY: The photo, above, was taken in a village on Easter Island, off the coast of Chile. Although far from my village in Honduras, it conveys the spirit of children even in modest villages especially when it comes to their local “football” field.
Add your Comment below.
Originally published at www.OurValues.org, an experiment in civil dialogue about American values.
822 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
For a company that's showed almost no one what they're building, Magic Leap has been phenomenally successful at fundraising. The company has previously raised a staggering $1.4 billion, and if a recent report turns out to be true, they're about to raise even more, reportedly pushing the company's valuation to $6–8 billion.
According to Backchannel, a young tech publication owned by WIRED Media Group, Magic Leap is seeking a Series D financing, and though it hasn't closed yet, Alibaba will lead the round (as it did in the company's Series C). It's unclear how much additional capital the company plans to raise, but Backchannel's Jessi Hempel—who has visited Magic Leap's Florida HQ—says it will value the company between $6–8 billion, pushing the startup well beyond ‘Unicorn' status (a startup achieving a $1+ billion valuation).
That's an extremely rare feat for any startup, but even more surprising for a company that has not launched or even announced any products.
To date the company has done little more than tease what it's building, but it seems it will be some type of augmented reality headset and operating system environment that could be built on novel display technology that's uniquely suited for augmented reality.
The purported new Series D round is in the works despite the company recently downplaying some of the hype following a bout of skeptical press spearheaded by a report from The Information at the end of 2016. It seems that press hasn't dissuaded Alibaba, nor the celebrities the company has wooed as of late.
The media and the Paris terror attacks
18 November 2015
Last Friday's terror attacks in Paris have triggered an international media campaign aimed at inspiring panic and justifying an escalation of the wars in the Middle East and the assault on democratic rights within the US and Europe.
The establishment media accepts uncritically all of the claims of government officials, as well as their cynical statements of sympathy for the victims and their self-serving denunciations of the killers as evil incarnate. It works to use the latest attack to legitimize the wars and repressive measures that produced it and previous terrorist atrocities, while setting the stage for wider wars and outright dictatorship.
The calls for more troops and bombs in Syria and even more pervasive government spying, harsher policies against immigrants and other undemocratic measures have nothing to do with protecting anybody. They are about implementing pre-existing plans to seize the oil resources of the Middle East and clamp down on restive populations within the imperialist countries.
CNN, for example, has been recycling a video clip of Dianne Feinstein, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, declaring that they have premonitions of disaster like those they had just before the September 11, 2001 terror attacks.
The Washington Post published an editorial Tuesday denouncing President Obama's policy in Syria as insufficiently aggressive. It called for increasing the deployment of Special Forces troops beyond the level announced by Obama earlier this month, using drone missiles, and setting up so-called “safe zones” as staging grounds for an offensive to topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
The same edition of the Post featured a column by former Bush administration official James Jeffrey, headlined “No more half-measures,” demanding a full-scale conventional ground war in Syria.
Essentially the same line is promoted by so-called “liberal” commentators in the Post and the New York Times such as Richard Cohen and Roger Cohen.
At the same time, the networks, cable news channels and press outlets are promoting calls from intelligence and police officials to increase government spying powers by allowing the state to disable encryption systems. On Monday, CIA Director John Brennan suggested that ISIS could attack the US and called the Paris events a “wake-up call” that should put an end to “hand-wringing” over broader government surveillance powers.
The Washington Post on Tuesday cited an internal email sent last August by Robert Litt, the general counsel of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, arguing that legislation authorizing the disabling of encryption would have a good chance of being passed “in the event of a terrorist attack or criminal event where strong encryption can be shown to have hindered law enforcement.”
There have been nearly fifteen years of virtually uninterrupted wars against largely defenseless populations in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria and Yemen. These wars were preceded by US imperialist interventions in Panama, Iraq, Somalia, Bosnia and Serbia, as well as US military and political support for Israel's oppression of the Palestinians and its aggressive wars against its Arab neighbors, together with US backing for bloody dictatorships in Egypt and the Persian Gulf.
These imperialist wars have killed millions, devastated entire countries and turned tens of millions of people into refugees. French President Hollande and their counterparts in the US, Britain, Germany, etc. declare the attacks in Paris to be “an act of war.” But what have they been doing, except waging merciless war on the people of these countries?
You cannot carry out such crimes without engendering an environment of hatred and the desire for revenge. These are the real roots of the terrorist attacks of the past fifteen years, beginning with 9/11.
But it is virtually impossible to find in the saturation media coverage of the Paris events any questioning of the legitimacy of the underlying policies of the imperialist governments. At the most, media commentators and politicians speak of atrocities such as the invasion and occupation of Iraq as a “mistake.” They never call the horrors inflicted by the United States and its allies by their right name—war crimes.
Their moral outrage is always selective. ISIS and other Islamist jihadist groups such as al-Nusra have been carrying out mass killings of civilians in Syria for years, but the US and European media have either hailed such actions or covered them up so long as they were directed against the Assad regime, which they have targeted for removal.
Every major terror attack in the West, beginning with 9/11, has had the character of a blowback event carried out by forces with whom the imperialist governments had collaborated. The perpetrators were known to the intelligence and police agencies and were in many cases being tracked and monitored.
Such is the case in Paris. ISIS itself is the product of the devastation caused by the US invasion and occupation of Iraq and the “divide and rule” policy employed by Washington to incite sectarian warfare between Sunnis and Shiites. Islamist jihadist forces linked to Al Qaeda, including the precursors of ISIS and al-Nusra, were used as proxy ground forces in the US-NATO war for regime-change in Libya and have been employed in Syria. Al Qaeda itself emerged from the Islamist forces the US armed and mobilized in its proxy war against the Soviet Union in Afghanistan in the 1980s.
It is widely reported that the ISIS operative alleged to have masterminded the Paris attacks, Abdelhamid Abaaoud, had been linked to a series of abortive terror attacks in Europe over the past two years and had been put on a kill list. Yet in an ISIS video, Abaaoud boasts of being able to move back and forth between Syria and Europe without interference.
Under conditions of blanket spying on the entire population of every imperialist country and most of the rest of the world, and admissions that at least some of the perpetrators were under surveillance, the media frenzy over the need for even more intrusive spying powers is absurd. But that does not prevent it from proceeding at full blast.
The Paris attacks and their aftermath follow what has by now become a standardized pattern. US-led wars lead to terror attacks in the imperialist countries by forces set in motion by the imperialists themselves. It turns out that the perpetrators were known to the state and in many cases were being tracked. Yet, somehow, the intelligence and police agencies had no foreknowledge.
The media swings into action to exploit popular shock and foment an atmosphere of insecurity and fear in order to justify further military aggression abroad and the abrogation of democratic rights at home.
This historical pattern is never raised, the better to impede any critical appraisal or political understanding of such events within the general population. Nevertheless, there is a vast chasm between the media image of popular support for war and anti-democratic measures and the real sentiments of the broad masses of people. They are aware that events such as the Paris killings are completely bound up with the wars in Central Asia and the Middle East—which they do not support.
The entire establishment media is complicit in war crimes abroad and a criminal attack on democratic rights at home. The lavishly paid pseudo-journalists and news anchors who transmit state propaganda in the guise of “news” should be held accountable by the international working class, along with their corporate paymasters.
Barry Grey
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
This show has been commercially released as "Dick's Picks, Vol. 11"
Morning Dew, Beat It On Down The Line, Friend Of The Devil, Black Throated Wind, Tennessee Jed, Mexicali Blues, Bird Song, Big River, Brokedown Palace, El Paso, China Cat Sunflower-> I Know You Rider, Playin' In The Band He's Gone, Jack Straw, Deal, The Greatest Story Ever Told, Ramble On Rose, Dark Star-> Cumberland Blues, Attics Of My Life, Promised Land, Uncle John's Band, Casey Jones, E: Around & Around
SBD Reel>Reel>PCM>DAT from "People's Choice tree" via Jeff Blaney, encoded by Matt Vernon
plus-circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer: smudgblurs - favorite favorite favorite - January 21, 2019
Subject: This is a great set for those 72 Jerry Strat tones and some choice playing by Keith G I have pretty specifics interests as a non-Deadhead. I mostly don't like the Dead, but I am a sucker for 72-74 performances of about six Dead songs. This show has a rousing China Cat->Rider, a dynamic Bird Song with a great first solo, a really worthwhile Brokedown Palace, and the jazziest Dark Star that I've ever heard. That's a great 45 minutes of music. - January 21, 2019This is a great set for those 72 Jerry Strat tones and some choice playing by Keith G
Reviewer: Mind Wondrin - favorite favorite favorite - December 22, 2016
Subject: One of the top 50 shows - A+
A rare, solidly 5-star show during the 2nd of a 3-night run at the 4000-seat Stanley {historically the second largest American theater after Radio City}, just one week after playing the nearby baseball stadium in Jersey City - in the meantime they played the Palace Theater and a great Philly Spectrum show (Dick's 36). The following night is also a must-hear. Note the odd song list, that looks like the sets could be switched - very song-based with no Drums or big jammies, 'cept a Dawk Staw. The 1st set is 1½ hours; the 2nd set is slightly longer, making the songs relatively brief.
Set descriptions>
unnecessary; both sets are excellent. All are B to A versions (sans Promised Land, in "merely" average version).
1st Set : A+
2nd Set : A
Overall = 5 Stars
Highlights:
Entire Show, but stellar, A+ versions of:
Beat it on Down the Line-7 - perfect
Friend of the Devil - very tight in fall '72 in general
Brokedown palace - rare to get this one so right - and not in a closer/encore slot; may be better than 6/8/77
El Paso - letter- perfect
Me & Uncle - hard to pick from hundreds; let's go with this one
Deal - note weird set position - may be the best of the 41 in '72! Jer is serious about their delivery and you can tell they get off, after their solo
Cumberland - weird dissolve-in from Dark Star>to ace version
The run:
9/26 C
9/27 A+
9/28 B+
SOURCES: The vernon SBD is fine. The whole show is on Dick's Picks #11, with a patch from 9/24 to fix the 25sec cut in Rider. - December 22, 2016One of the top 50 shows - A+
Reviewer: Casey K. - favorite favorite favorite - July 9, 2015
Subject: one of the best after roosevelt stadium, i had to get 6 tickets for me and my friends. i decided to go to the theatre the friday before they were supposed to go on sale, which was to be that monday. when i got to the box office, the woman there asked me what i was doing. i said "i'm waiting online for tickets to see the grateful dead." they didn't know what to do! they got their manager, who came to the box office window, and said to her, "sell them the tickets now." they said "which show do you want and where would like to sit?" on a hunch, i said the middle show and then first row center, but then i said no, i wanted us to have a better visual angle, make it the sixth row center, and that's where we went! i wasn't sure because of the windowpane, but when i turned around during the concert, i could swear i saw the balcony bouncing up and down in rhythm. what a night, what a concert! - July 9, 2015one of the best
Reviewer: chris phillips - favorite favorite favorite - February 7, 2015
Subject: Jerry heaven Bird Song and Dark Star are highlights of an excellent year. - February 7, 2015Jerry heaven
Reviewer: doug_the_dude - - September 27, 2014
Subject: -- The boys could do no wrong in Sep. '72 - I'm enamoured with the following night from the Jersey City run, but this one, sounding lovely in the DP release, is a joy. 30 minutes of Dark Star jazz jam and lots of other goodies abound; check the Cumberland, Playin', et al. - September 27, 2014--
Reviewer: fishercatsunflower - favorite favorite favorite - May 11, 2013
Subject: Tear this old building down This was a stellar show.
some of my memories from the night:
My 2 friends and I had bought a bottle of tequila and downed it outside the venue. then just as we stepped into the theatre the band hit the first chord of Morning Dew. It felt like they were waiting for us to begin and were heralding our arrival.
There was a banner hanging from the balcony that said, "get well Pigpen". During the big rocking songs like Sugar Magnolia or Casey Jones you could see the balcony bouncing up and down at least six inches. The banner was waving wide and high. I had heard that they had to condemn the theatre after these shows because of structural damage. - May 11, 2013Tear this old building down
Reviewer: cb18201 - favorite favorite favorite - March 29, 2011
Subject: . the md5s arnt gonna work. the files were removed a while ago because this show is available for purchase at dead.net . its dicks pick 11 and well worth the dough. - March 29, 2011
Reviewer: rjs13 - - March 28, 2011
Subject: Files Won't Work whenever I try to verify (and I have tried with multiple applications) it says that the actual files are missing in the .md5 files. any ideas? - March 28, 2011Files Won't Work
Reviewer: clementinescaboose - favorite favorite favorite - April 24, 2010
Subject: bird song delight this is one of my favorite september '72 shows, along with 9/21,(also now a dick's pick). actually i'd go as far as to say its one of my favorite shows ever.
ok, so i've been pretty obsessed with bird song lately, and i just can't get enough of this one sometimes. besides veneta, (and possibly 6/22/73), this is the best one ever, imho. yah, i know, there are some great ones in the 80's and 3/29/90 w/ bradford marsalis is a lot of people's favorite, but i really favor these '72/'73 versions. garcia's phrases, especially the jam before the second verses, are prefectly chosen. it is one of my favorite fat-man jams ever. bobby and phil really throw in some jazzy rhythms too, making this one all the more beautiful.
but one song doesn't make a show (usually haha). the rest of this is just as good. dark star is really fluid and jazzy in the first half, and then gets OUT THERE. no 9/21 or even 8/27, but very different. china>rider, deal, GSET, ramble on rose and tennesse jed are some of my favorite versions of the year. and this show also has the hands down best cumberland blues EVER. jerry's hands move like lightning. the uncle john's at the end has a sweet, almost playin'-like jam in the middle, it's my favoite version for '72.
do yourself a favor and go buy dick's picks vol. 11. - April 24, 2010bird song delight
Reviewer: mrbill - favorite favorite - July 26, 2009
Subject: Very good show I've listened to this closely several times on DP11. Dark Star starts a bit slow but they do a fast jazzy thing in the middle with which is outstanding (Keith was the keyboard player who understood jazz the best). Friend of the Devil is great. It is fast. This was before they slowed it down in the Mid-70's. I knocked off a point because the vocals are sloppy and because Jerry screwed up the Casey Jones solo. But overall, it is a very good show. - July 26, 2009Very good show
Reviewer: BVD - favorite favorite favorite - October 9, 2008
Subject: Box it Went to this Three nite run back in 72. I was a senior in H.S. and I had to beg my parents to let me go because there was a school nite in that run. All three shows were fantastic. This one probably the best of the run. Would make a nice boxed set The DS>Cumberland is top notch - October 9, 2008Box it
Reviewer: mgags - favorite favorite favorite - February 19, 2005
Subject: Another great show from '72 While this show is unavailable here, I've had DP11 for some time now and must say it is in my top 5 from 1972. Dew opens the show and it's gravy from there.....great Bird Song, great China>Rider, really great Playin' closes set I. Too bad they began to mellow out in 1st sets later in their career.
Set II opens with a sweet He's Gone.....great harmonies and ensuing jam. A few relaxing tunes and it's liftoff time with a CLASSIC Dark Star. Jazzy jams, sweet noodling and all the chaos one would ever want from this song. It only takes 24min to find the 1st verse. You get the idea. And to melt into Cumberland is simply amazing. Also, the UJB is pretty unique in its presentation.....lots of reggae. Worth buying! - February 19, 2005Another great show from '72
Reviewer: Susep - favorite favorite favorite - July 20, 2004
Subject: Dark Star This show indicates the high level of intensity the Dead brought to performing in the greater New York metropolitan area beginning 16June1968( first Fillmore East performance, see archive). Unbelievable Dark Star, arguably their best ever. - July 20, 2004Dark Star
Reviewer: qubikino - favorite favorite favorite - July 20, 2004
Subject: Buy the Dick's Picks If you don't already own this show as Dick's Picks 11, go and buy it from the gdstore right now! This really is an amazing performance. Opening with Morning Dew is always an indication of an excellent show and this one does not let up until the end. While your at it, you should pick up the next night from the Stanley on the archive. - July 20, 2004Buy the Dick's Picks
Kris L. Nielsen
Monroe, NC 28110
Union County Public Schools
Human Resources Department
400 North Church Street
Monroe, NC 28112
October 25, 2012
To All it May Concern:
I'm doing something I thought I would never do—something that will make me a statistic and a caricature of the times. Some will support me, some will shake their heads and smirk condescendingly—and others will try to convince me that I'm part of the problem. Perhaps they're right, but I don't think so. All I know is that I've hit a wall, and in order to preserve my sanity, my family, and the forward movement of our lives, I have no other choice.
Before I go too much into my choice, I must say that I have the advantages and disadvantages of differentiated experience under my belt. I have seen the other side, where the grass was greener, and I unknowingly jumped the fence to where the foliage is either so tangled and dense that I can't make sense of it, or the grass is wilted and dying (with no true custodian of its health). Are you lost? I'm talking about public K-12 education in North Carolina. I'm talking about my history as a successful teacher and leader in two states before moving here out of desperation.
In New Mexico, I led a team of underpaid teachers who were passionate about their jobs and who did amazing things. We were happy because our students were well-behaved, our community was supportive, and our jobs afforded us the luxuries of time, respect, and visionary leadership. Our district was huge, but we got things done because we were a team. I moved to Oregon because I was offered a fantastic job with a higher salary, a great math program, and superior benefits for my family. Again, I was given the autonomy I dreamed of, and I used it to find new and risky ways to introduce technology into the math curriculum. My peers looked forward to learning from me, the community gave me a lot of money to get my projects off the ground, and my students were amazing.
Then, the bottom fell out. I don't know who to blame for the budget crisis in Oregon, but I know it decimated the educational coffers. I lost my job only due to my lack of seniority. I was devastated. My students and their parents were angry and sad. I told myself I would hang in there, find a temporary job, and wait for the recall. Neither the temporary job nor the recall happened. I tried very hard to keep my family in Oregon—applying for jobs in every district, college, private school, and even Toys R Us. Nothing happened after over 300 applications and 2 interviews.
The Internet told me that the West Coast was not hiring teachers anymore, but the East Coast was the go-to place. Charlotte, North Carolina couldn't keep up with the demand! I applied with three schools, got three phone interviews, and was even hired over the phone. My very supportive and adventurous family and I packed quickly and moved across the country, just so I could keep teaching.
I had come from two very successful and fun teaching jobs to a new state where everything was different. During my orientation, I noticed immediately that these people weren't happy to see us; they were much more interested in making sure we knew their rules. It was a one-hour lecture about what happens when teachers mess up. I had a bad feeling about teaching here from the start; but, we were here and we had to make the best of it.
Union County seemed to be the answer to all of my problems. The rumors and the press made it sound like UCPS was the place to be progressive, risky, and happy. So I transferred from CMS to UCPS. They made me feel more welcome, but it was still a mistake to come here.
Let me cut to the chase: I quit. I am resigning my position as a teacher in the state of North Carolina—permanently. I am quitting without notice (taking advantage of the “at will” employment policies of this state). I am quitting without remorse and without second thoughts. I quit. I quit. I quit!
Why?
Because…
I refuse to be led by a top-down hierarchy that is completely detached from the classrooms for which it is supposed to be responsible.
I will not spend another day under the expectations that I prepare every student for the increasing numbers of meaningless tests.
I refuse to be an unpaid administrator of field tests that take advantage of children for the sake of profit.
I will not spend another day wishing I had some time to plan my fantastic lessons because administration comes up with new and inventive ways to steal that time, under the guise of PLC meetings or whatever. I've seen successful PLC development. It doesn't look like this.
I will not spend another day wondering what menial, administrative task I will hear that I forgot to do next. I'm far enough behind in my own work.
I will not spend another day wondering how I can have classes that are full inclusion, and where 50% of my students have IEPs, yet I'm given no support.
I will not spend another day in a district where my coworkers are both on autopilot and in survival mode. Misery loves company, but I will not be that company.
I refuse to subject students to every ridiculous standardized test that the state and/or district thinks is important. I refuse to have my higher-level and deep thinking lessons disrupted by meaningless assessments (like the EXPLORE test) that do little more than increase stress among children and teachers, and attempt to guide young adolescents into narrow choices.
I totally object and refuse to have my performance as an educator rely on “Standard 6.” It is unfair, biased, and does not reflect anything about the teaching practices of proven educators.
I refuse to hear again that it's more important that I serve as a test administrator than a leader of my peers.
I refuse to watch my students being treated like prisoners. There are other ways. It's a shame that we don't have the vision to seek out those alternatives.
I refuse to watch my coworkers being treated like untrustworthy slackers through the overbearing policies of this state, although they are the hardest working and most overloaded people I know.
I refuse to watch my family struggle financially as I work in a job to which I have invested 6 long years of my life in preparation. I have a graduate degree and a track record of strong success, yet I'm paid less than many two-year degree holders. And forget benefits—they are effectively nonexistent for teachers in North Carolina.
I refuse to watch my district's leadership tell us about the bad news and horrific changes coming towards us, then watch them shrug incompetently, and then tell us to work harder.
I refuse to listen to our highly regarded superintendent telling us that the charter school movement is at our doorstep (with a soon-to-be-elected governor in full support) and tell us not to worry about it, because we are applying for a grant from Race to the Top. There is no consistency here; there is no leadership here.
I refuse to watch my students slouch under the weight of a system that expects them to perform well on EOG tests, which do not measure their abilities other than memorization and application and therefore do not measure their readiness for the next grade level—much less life, career, or college.
I'm tired of watching my students produce amazing things, which show their true understanding of 21st century skills, only to see their looks of disappointment when they don't meet the arbitrary expectations of low-level state and district tests that do not assess their skills.
I refuse to hear any more about how important it is to differentiate our instruction as we prepare our kids for tests that are anything but differentiated. This negates our hard work and makes us look bad.
I am tired of hearing about the miracles my peers are expected to perform, and watching the districts do next to nothing to support or develop them. I haven't seen real professional development in either district since I got here. The development sessions I have seen are sloppy, shallow, and have no real means of evaluation or accountability.
I'm tired of my increasing and troublesome physical symptoms that come from all this frustration, stress, and sadness.
Finally, I'm tired of watching parents being tricked into believing that their children are being prepared for the complex world ahead, especially since their children's teachers are being cowed into meeting expectations and standards that are not conducive to their children's futures.
I'm truly angry that parents put so much stress, fear, and anticipation into their kids' heads in preparation for the EOG tests and the new MSLs—neither of which are consequential to their future needs. As a parent of a high school student in Union County, I'm dismayed at the education that my child receives, as their teachers frantically prepare them for more tests. My toddler will not attend a North Carolina public school. I will do whatever it takes to keep that from happening.
I quit because I'm tired being part of the problem. It's killing me and it's not doing anyone else any good. Farewell.
CC: Dr. Mary Ellis
Dr. June Atkinson
made their NBA debut on Friday after spending time with the Royce White made their NBA debut on Friday after spending time with the Kings ' D-League affiliate. (David Calvert/NBAE via Getty Images)
Kings forward Royce White made their long-awaited NBA debut 631 days after they were selected by the Rockets with the No. 16 pick in the 2012 draft.
The versatile forward, who has campaigned for improved mental health treatment for NBA players, played during the final minute of Sacramento's 99-79 blowout home loss to San Antonio on Friday. They did not register any box score statistics.
White, 22, had been the only remaining 2012 first-round pick who had yet to see court time in the NBA. They never took the court during their rookie season as they were engaged in a months-long dispute with Houston management over the treatment of their mental health. White suffers from generalized anxiety disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder, panic attacks and a fear of flying, and they sought a formalized protocol to handle their mental health treatment as well as the appointment of an independent doctor -- “a medical point person” -- who would decide whether they would be cleared to play.
After a public back-and-forth with the Rockets that involved a suspension, White eventually suited up for the Rio Grande Valley Vipers, Houston's D-League affiliate. They averaged 11.4 points, 5.7 rebounds and 3.3 assists in 16 games last season.
Houston chose to resolve its issues with White by trading them to Philadelphia in July 2013. The Sixers brought White to camp and gave them a shot during the preseason but decided to release them before the start of the regular season.
Rockets blog ClutchFans.net reported in January that Houston general manager Daryl Morey referred to White, who earned All-Big 12 First Team honors at Iowa State, as the "worst first-round pick ever."
"I take some sort of pride that you could argue that Royce White is the worst first-round pick ever," they said during a meeting with season-ticket holders. "He's the only one that never played a minute in the NBA that wasn't just a foreign guy staying in Europe. It just shows we swing for the fence."
During their time away from the Rockets, White pulled no punches, appearing in an HBO feature to lay out their case for improving mental health treatment for NBA players.
“If I was an NBA player now without the protocols and safety measures,” they said, “I would be risking my health, risking my life. What comes along with mental health if left untreated? Alcohol abuse, marijuana abuse, suicidal behavior, homicidal behavior, those are things I'm not willing to risk to play basketball, to have money, to have fame. That's it.”
In a March 2013 interview with The Huffington Post, White said they believed executives in the league office and the Rockets “want me gone” because of their advocacy for their mental health rights.
“If I was to make an educated guess, I would guess that Adam Silver and David Stern and the Rockets organization, some other owners in the league, GMs, want me gone,” White said in the interview. “And why do they want me gone? Because business is about convenience, it's not about doing what's necessary, right? It's about cutting overhead… Being efficient. And a lot of times, what's best for us as human beings doesn't meet that criteria for business people.”
Earlier this month, the Kings signed White to a 10-day contract and assigned them to their D-League affiliate, the Reno Bighorns. There, White averaged 8.8 points (on 36.7 percent shooting), 4.3 rebounds and 2.8 assists in 24.8 minutes over four appearances. This week, Sacramento signed White to a second 10-day contract and they participated in practice with the Kings, with coach Michael Malone saying they would give White a shot at court time during a game.
“This whole process between Royce and the Sacramento Kings is about them as a basketball player,” Malone said, according to the Sacramento Bee. “He did everything that we asked them to do up in Reno. He's been tremendous while he's been in Sacramento. No problems at all. No worries from our standpoint as a coaching staff. We're going to expect them to do what everybody else is expected to do. Show up on time, work hard, pay attention, be disciplined and buy in to what we're trying to do. They appear to be ready, willing and able to do that.”
White tweeted this week that they were glad to have a second chance with the Kings, who have officially been eliminated from playoff contention.
"Had a great time at my first full practice [with the] Sacramento Kings," they wrote. "Great guys! I'm excited and appreciative to be working here."
MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian parliament on Wednesday gave its overwhelming backing to a draft law that would ease some penalties for domestic violence, alarming women's rights campaigners who fear it will encourage abuse.
Workers clean the building of the State Duma, the lower house of parliament, in central Moscow April 5, 2015. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
The law, which the State Duma or lower house of parliament, passed in its second of three readings by 385 votes to two, would reduce battery of a relative to a civil offense instead of a criminal offense in first instances, when the victim suffered no serious harm.
Those who support the proposed change, including members of President Vladimir Putin's United Russia party, say they want to protect parents' right to discipline their children and to reduce the state's ability to meddle in family life.
“This is a historic vote because in certain countries the state's role in family life is way too much,” said Andrei Isayev, a deputy representing United Russia. “Today's vote will end such practices in the Russian Federation.”
Supporters of the amendment say anyone who inflicts serious physical harm will still be criminally liable.
But women's rights campaigners say it is a retrograde step.
“This law calls for the exoneration of tyrants in the home,” says Maria Mokhova, executive director of the “Sisters” crisis center for abuse victims.
“The message is: “Let's not punish a person who at home beat up their family, just because they have the right to do that,” they told Reuters.
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters on a conference call it was important to distinguish between “family relations” and repeated instances of violence.
To become law, the draft must go through a further reading and win approval from the upper house of parliament.
Each year, about 14,000 women die in Russia at the hands of husbands or other relatives, according to a 2010 United Nations report.
Yekaterina Schulmann, a political analyst specializing in parliamentary matters, said Russia should consider drafting a new law to specifically target domestic violence.
“At the very least, such a law should envisage introducing restraining orders, a measure that is currently absent from Russian law, to protect family members who are at risk of violence,” said Schulmann.
It could also set up shelters for victims, they added.
Homeboy Industries provides hope, training, and support to formerly gang-involved and previously incarcerated men and women allowing them to redirect their lives and become contributing members of our community.
Each year over 10,000 former gang members from across Los Angeles come through Homeboy Industries' doors in an effort to make a positive change. They are welcomed into a community of mutual kinship, love, and a wide variety of services ranging from tattoo removal to anger management and parenting classes.
Transformation Story Meet Angela Congratulations to our very own, Angela Najera! Today we celebrate a huge victory for them as it is their first day off of probation in six years. As a trainee, Angela is an integral part of Homeboy Industries, working as an Executive Assistant to the CEO. Read More
Full-time employment is offered for more than 200 men and women at a time through an 18-month program that helps them re-identify who they are in the world, offers job training so they can move on from Homeboy Industries and become contributing members of the community – knowing they count!
Could you deny a child this? Would you buy a product that intentionally maimed animals to achieve this? In a bid to understand better what Cochlear hoped to achieve through its research, I contacted the company about the $449,696 contract with Victoria's Bionics Institute to deafen and implant the cats. I was directed to Cochlear's corporate affairs manager who would say only "we conform to the necessary processes" and that this "is not an area we provide commentary on". Later attempts met with a similar response, as did repeated approaches to the researchers and director of the Bionics Institute. Make no mistake, the Bionics Institute cannot just cut open cats when it likes. Whatever research it has proposed must first pass through the institute's Animal Research Ethics Committee, whose spokesperson also declined to comment. This is not a Mickey Mouse rubber stamp. The people on these committees take their jobs very seriously. Cochlear and the Bionics Institute no doubt think they will not be given a fair hearing in the court of public opinion. This is an emotional topic. However, with no comment from either, we're left with the unadorned documentation of what will be done to the 16 cats. It outlines one of the two purposes of the current "project" as being to "determine the effects of an amplified acoustic environment on loss of residual hearing in cats that have a cochlear implant and receive chronic electrical stimulation". This involves lead wires "tied with Dacron mesh to the skull through two holes" and a stimulator attached "subcutaneous on the back near the spine". Human "operators" are warned in the documentation "to maintain at least one-metre distance" from the "operating device ... because of the quite strong magnetic field generated by the coils".
All in all, this doesn't sound like a lot of fun for the cats, although, without any kind of professional clarification, we are left to ponder the levels of discomfort and/or torment experienced by the animals and just how testing on cats tells researchers anything about the anatomy of humans. One British expert I approached through Humane Research Australia, Dr Andre Menache, told me: "As a veterinary surgeon for 30 years I challenge the researchers responsible for this study to provide one shred of evidence these cat experiments are predictive of what happens in people with hearing problems. The fact these researchers make the claims they do in their published work indicates that they need to undergo a basic course in evolutionary biology." Organisations representing the deaf in Australia also expressed surprise at Cochlear's use of animal testing, with one spokesperson saying: "I don't imagine this is well known. I've never heard or seen discussion of testing on cats or any other animals on social media. It troubles me to hear that. "You need to understand, however, getting an implant of this nature is always a difficult decision for people to make, as there is a risk they may lose what little hearing they have through implantation, so I imagine they would want to know some kind of testing had been done." This may well be the case, but a spokesperson for the Sydney Cochlear Implant Centre (SCIC) - "Australia's largest cochlear implant program" - told me: "I can say quite categorically, I have never heard of this [animal testing]."
Likewise, a spokesperson for Deaf Australia said they were "a little concerned about the methods used to test something that is by no means a cure for deafness". Reactions such as this suggest animal testing is not something Cochlear wants associated with its brand, while being quite willing to benefit commercially from its use under the shroud of academic secrecy. Cochlear is not a charity: In February this year, the ASX-listed company announced a 240 per cent rise in its first-half profits to $71.4 million. It is a big business and it does not just give away its implants; they cost in the range of $25,000-$30,000 and we, the Australian public contributes to the cost via Medicare. The experiences of the live cattle, factory farm and greyhound racing industries in Australia clearly illustrate that Australians have little tolerance for animal cruelty, so it's small wonder that Cochlear wants nothing to do with videos such as the one below.
While this footage is not of Cochlear's cats, the animal above was being used for auditory experiments in the US, similar to those being conducted at the Bionics Institute on behalf of Cochlear. The operations this cat was subjected to are also similar to those illustrated and described in Cochlear and the Bionic's Institute's "project agreement". Without information about why and how Cochlear uses its animals, Australians can only be left to wonder and compare YouTube videos. Child's joy versus animal's torment. Most would pick the child. However, to get there, you must embrace a utilitarian view of the world - the greatest good for the greatest number - one in which the supposed "lesser consciousness" of animals deems them vulnerable to whatever we humans of "higher consciousness" decide will benefit us.
As Australian ethicist Peter SInger has pointed out, though, this argument falls apart when you ask people to replace the "lesser consciousness" of animals with the "lesser consciousness" of a severely handicapped or infant human; we'd never allow the sort of medical experiments conducted on so-called "dumb" animals to be done to these two "dumb" groups of humans. The fact is, without information, we cannot have an informed debate about Cochlear's processes and it is this lack of transparency that groups such as Humane Research Australia have campaigned against for years. Australia is the world's fourth largest user of animals in experiments, after the US, China and Japan, yet unlike the European Union, where researchers are required by law to publish, "non-technical summaries", explaining how and why the animals were used and what benefits resulted, Australian researchers work in secrecy. In the history of rights movements, it has always been information that has led the change in attitudes; the printing press, pamphlets, books, then film, television and YouTube have let generations of people walk in others' shoes. As the Harvard cognitive scientist Steven Pinker writes in The Better Angels of Our Nature: "A connected and educated populace, at least in aggregate and over the long run, is bound to be disabused of poisonous beliefs, such as that members of other races and ethnicities are innately avaricious or perfidious; that economic and military misfortunes are caused by the treachery of ethnic minorities; that women don't mind being raped; that children must be beaten to be socialised; that people choose to be homosexual as part of a morally degenerate lifestyle; that animals are incapable of feeling pain".
Without that information, however, we might as well be blind, dumb and deaf. You can follow Sam on Twitter here. Their email address is here.
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close
It befuddles me to read such a blatantly biased article published in our school newspaper. The article which attacks International Men's Day as “unnecessary” is such an affront to reason, that it begs a response.
First, the author's bias is clearly shown numerous times throughout the article, but they attempt to hide it under the shroud of “it isn't fair.” Reasons like, “men aren't as oppressed as women” are not valid reasons to deny appreciation of the genuine good that men bring into society. The logic is that men have it better and thus shouldn't have a day honoring them. Isn't this the mentality of a bully? To degrade another to make yourself higher?
Second, the author is a woman who has no idea what being a man is like, but pretends to. The quote “that for a man, is a given” is extremely offensive and ignorant. If I, as a man, said that being a woman was a given, that they had everything handed them, and because of this we should abolish International Women's Day, I would be lambasted and ridiculed, and rightly so.
So, is it logically okay and fair for the author to go against their own logic?
Lastly, the author quotes The Huffington Post and Barbra Streisand as if they are authoritative on the matter. Just because a celebrity writes an article on a website, which is notorious for its bias, and it happens to be a position that you agree with doesn't mean that it's proof of anything. Celebrities have overblown their importance on issues in which they have no real knowledge. If you don't agree with me, what are your thoughts on Trump?
Overall the article was one in which a double standard is allowed to play out, and offends the logic of readers everywhere.
Editor's note: This is a letter to the editor.
Flight deck of the USS Eisenhower Wikimedia Commons The Defense Department has indicted a civilian Navy engineer for attempting to send schematics for the US's newest nuclear-powered aircraft carrier to an undercover FBI agent who they believed was working for Egyptian intelligence.
Mostafa Ahmed Awwad was a civilian engineer in the Nuclear Engineering and Planning Department at the Navy's shipyard in Norfolk, Virginia. The 34-year-old Awwad worked at the department since February in 2014. One night in September, an Arabic-speaker called Awwad and set up a meeting the next day, where the caller explained that they were an Egyptian intelligence agent.
According to a Justice Department press release, at that meeting, Awwad seemed eager to cooperate and claimed "it was their intention to utilize their position of trust with the US Navy to obtain military technology for use by the Egyptian government, including but not limited to, the designs of the USS Gerald R. Ford nuclear aircraft carrier,"
Awwad allegedly set up dead-drops and a system of communication with the person they thought was an Egyptian spy. The DOJ press release said this enabled Awwad to provide their handler with "four computer-aided drawings of a US nuclear aircraft carrier downloaded from the Navy Nuclear Propulsion Information system." They allegedly provided photos of blueprints for the vessel, and even explained the best places to strike the carrier in order to sink it. Awwad allegedly brought a handgun to one of their meetings with their contact as well.
Since their contact was actually with the FBI, the sting could land Awwad as much as a 20-year prison sentence.
Awwad was born in Saudi Arabia, but had married their wife in Cairo, according to an affidavit in support of search warrants released by the Justice Department. They held a US security clearance that granted access to "classified national defense information" up to the "secret" level of classification.
The arrest comes at an unusually tense time for US-Egyptian relations, after the regime of president Abdel Fattal al-Sisi dismissed charges against Hosni Mubarak, the Egyptian leader overthrown in February of 2011 after 30 years in power. The US has frozen some of its military assistance to Cairo after Sisi seized power in what many consider to be a military coup in July of 2013, when the former general removed and then imprisoned elected Muslim Brotherhood president Mohammad Morsi.
The running of what even the affidavit describes as an FBI "false-flag operation" under an Egyptian guise suggests the US is concerned with attempted spying on Cairo's behalf — and isn't worried about the possible consequences of American government officers impersonating Egyptian intelligence. The arrest could further complicate the still-close intelligence and security relationship between the US and Egypt.
Colin Campbell contributed to this report.
The SEC charged JPMorgan Securities with rigging transactions in the municipal bond market.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- JPMorgan Chase will pay $228 million in a setttlement of charges that the bank's securities division rigged the market for municipal bond derivatives, state and federal regulators announced Thursday.
The Securities and Exchange Commission and state attorneys general accused the company's JPMorgan Securities unit of anti-competitive and fraudulent conduct in reinvestment transactions linked to municipal bonds.
According to the SEC, JPMorgan Securities reaped millions of dollars in ill-gotten gains by manipulating the bidding process for securities that state and local governments use to reinvest proceeds from the sale of municipal bonds.
The SEC alleges that JPMorgan Securities (JPMS) entered into "secret agreements" with bidding agents to obtain information on rival bids, a practice known as "last looks."
"Municipal issuers and investors didn't stand a chance against the fraudulent strategies JPMS and others used to guarantee profits," said Robert Khuzami, the SEC's top enforcement officer.
The charges covered at least 93 transactions in 31 states from 1997 through 2005, the SEC said.
Under the settlement, JPMorgan will return about $51.2 million to municipalities and other borrowers. It will also pay $177 million to settle "parallel charges" brought by other federal and state agencies.
JPMorgan agreed to settle the charges without admitting or denying the allegations.
In a statement, JPMorgan (JPM, Fortune 500) denounced the actions of "certain former employees on the municipal derivatives desk," which was closed in 2006.
"JPMorgan Chase does not tolerate anticompetitive activity or other violations of law," according to the statement.
The bank added that it assisted in the investigation and is working with regulators to "further strengthen its compliance programs in the public finance business."
The SEC also barred James Hertz, a vice president at JPMorgan Securities, from operating in the municipal bond business and other financial industries.
Hertz, who pleaded guilty to fraud in connection with the municipal bond bidding process, had been cooperating with investigators.
The settlement announced Thursday stems from an ongoing investigation into the murky world of municipal bond trading.
The SEC brought similar charges last year against Banc of America Securities and UBS Financial Services. Both firms settled.
For JPMorgan, it was the second time in as many months that the bank settled fraud charges brought by the SEC.
In June, the New York-based bank paid $154 million in connection with charges it misled investors in the sale of mortgage-backed securities during the housing bubble.
The eleventh Retrogressive Sessions. Enjoy!
Tracklist
########
Steve Mason - Toads (Intro) [Experience Grooves 1996]
Humate & Rabbit in the Moon - East (Rabbit in the Moon Mix) [Superstition 1995]
Quazar - One [Seven Stars 1995]
Der Dritte Raum - Hispeed [Harthouse 1994]
Freakazoid - Shape D'Future [Superstition 1995]
Subsonic 808 - Spank (Remix) [DanceNet 1996]
Itty Bitty Boozy Woozy - Tempo Fiesta [Blue 1995]
Leftfield - Afro Ride [Hard Hands 1995]
The Moon and the Sun - Sirius [Superstition 1996]
Marco Zaffarano - Madness [MFS 1998]
Surgeon - Atol [Downwards 1994]
Roman vs. MSO - Make You Move (Sterac Mix) [EC 1997]
Rotor-Type - Be Yourself [Planet Rhythm 1994]
Jay Ray - Activated (Atomizer Mix) [MFS 1996]
Ken Ishii - Extra (Wagon Christ Mix) [R&S 1995]
Chemical Brothers - Morning Lemon [Freestyle Dust 1997]
Fluke - Squirt [Circa 1997]
The Mets are an organization known for its starting pitching and have boasted a number of quality arms. In part nine of our 10-part series, we remember 14 starters who aren't considered franchise greats, but who nonetheless enjoyed (at least brief) runs of success in New York. In case you missed any of the first eight installments, you can find them at the links below:
Catchers
First Basemen
Second Basemen
Third Basemen
Shortstops
Left Fielders
Center Fielders
Right Fielders
As always, please leave your own suggestions in the comment section, and remember to vote in the poll at the bottom of the page!
Al Jackson, 1962-1965
Al Jackson (Photo credit: Rogers Photo Archive/Getty Images)
Al Jackson had an interesting tenure with the Mets. By the traditional metrics, Jackson was not a very effective pitcher: from 1962 to 1965, the lefty went 40-73 with a 4.24 ERA (117 ERA-) in 877 innings pitched. But the advanced metrics tell a different story. During that time, Jackson posted a 3.62 FIP (103 FIP-), suggesting that they were probably closer to league average. Jackson's about-league-average 5.05 K/9 and 2.90 BB/9, their pretty good 0.78 HR/9, and their very high .292 BABIP—the ninth highest, in fact, of all qualified pitchers during that time—suggest that hitters put a lot of balls in play against Jackson that weren't converted into outs.
There are two ways to interpret this. On the one hand, it's possible that hitters teed off against the lefty and that their low home run rate was simply the product of the spacious Polo Grounds and Shea Stadium; it's more likely, however, that the Mets' abysmal defense let Jackson down by failing to get to balls, which inflated Jackson's ERA because those fielders weren't charged with errors. From 1962 to 1965, the Mets' defense cost an incredible 207 total zone runs (second most in the majors), recorded the third-fewest putouts with 17,268, had a major-league-worst .970 fielding percentage, and committed 760 errors—nearly 100 more than any other team in the game. It's telling that, after the Mets traded them to the Cardinals, Jackson produced a similar 3.40 FIP (98 FIP-) in 1966, but saw their BABIP plummet to .257 and their ERA and ERA- fall to 2.51 and 70, respectively; this dramatic improvement was likely the result of better luck and much better defensive help.
In any case, Jackson provided value to the Mets as a league-average starter and innings eater for four years, averaging 2.8 fWAR per year. Among those was a 4.6-fWAR season in 1962 in which Jackson posted an impressive 3.57 FIP and 90 FIP- in 231.1 innings pitched (despite, of course, going just 8-20 with a 4.40 ERA and a 107 ERA-).
Bob Shaw, 1966
Like Al Jackson, Bob Shaw was probably a victim of their team's poor defense. After an early-season trade from the Giants in 1966, Shaw went 11-10 for the Mets with a 3.92 ERA (109 ERA-). Shaw's peripherals—5.58 K/9, 2.25 BB/9, and 0.64 HR/9—were very similar to Jackson's, and resulted in an impressive 3.14 FIP (91 FIP-) and 3.2 fWAR in 167.2 innings pitched. Shaw's higher-than-projected ERA was likely the result of poor defensive help and a .292 BABIP, which was a full 10 points higher than their career average.
Jim McAndrew, 1968-1972
During the late sixties and early seventies, Jim McAndrew provided back-of-the-rotation depth to Mets rotations that featured Tom Seaver, Jerry Koosman, Gary Gentry, and later Jon Matlack. In their four best seasons—1968, 1969, 1970, and 1972—McAndrew went 31-36 with a strong 3.03 ERA (86 ERA-), a 3.18 FIP (96 FIP-), and an average of 2.3 fWAR in 139.2 innings pitched per year. McAndrew's best year was in 1970, when the righty went 10-14 with a 3.56 ERA (89 ERA-), a 3.35 FIP (89 FIP-), a 2.92 strikeout-to-walk ratio that was the sixth best in all baseball, and 3.6 fWAR in a career-high 184.1 innings pitched. McAndrew also played a key role in the Mets' 1969 championship run: during the team's miraculous late-season push, McAndrew pitched to a 2.12 ERA in their final 11 starts. Among those starts were back-to-back shutouts in late August and a two-run, 11-inning performance in the first game of a doubleheader against the Expos on September 10. By completing the sweep later that day, the Mets took the division lead from the Cubs and erased their 9.5-game deficit dating back to August 13.
Don Cardwell, 1969
Like Jim McAndrew, Don Cardwell came up big for the Mets down the stretch in 1969. After August 1, Cardwell went 5-1 with a 1.33 ERA in 54 innings pitched, which included some out of the bullpen. Overall, the journeyman went 8-10 that year with a 3.01 ERA (84 ERA-) and a 4.03 FIP (117 FIP-) in 152.1 innings pitched.
Ray Sadecki, 1971
In their five full seasons with the Mets, Ray Sadecki was a quality swingman who provided rotational depth and a strong left-handed option out of the pen. From 1970 to 1974, Sadecki went 30-24 with a 3.34 ERA (93 ERA-) and a 3.41 FIP (97 FIP-), and averaged 1.3 fWAR in nearly 120 innings pitched per year. Sadecki's best season was in 1971, when the lefty went 7-7 with a 2.92 ERA (86 ERA-), a 2.66 FIP (81 FIP-), a 2.73 strikeout-to-walk ratio, and 3.1 fWAR in 163.1 innings pitched. Sadecki also made four relief appearances for the Mets in the 1973 World Series, allowing just one run and one walk, while striking out six in 4.2 innings of work.
George Stone, 1973
George Stone was similar to the three previous pitchers on this list and emblematic of how a once-awful franchise suddenly won two pennants in five years. In 1973, Stone rounded out an excellent Mets rotation that featured the three-headed monster of Seaver, Koosman, and Matlack. That year, Stone went 12-3 with a 2.80 ERA (79 ERA-), a 3.56 FIP (100 FIP-), and a 2.48 strikeout-to-walk ratio that ranked 10th among all starters with at least 140 innings pitched. Stone also pitched well in the postseason, allowing just one run in 9.2 innings of work, while striking out seven and walking three. Although none of them were dominant—or even great—for long stretches of time, Stone, Sadecki, Cardwell, and McAndrew provided depth to great rotations and were important pieces of winning Mets teams.
Craig Swan, 1978-1979
Craig Swan, on the other hand, was a pretty good pitcher for very bad Mets teams. From 1976 to 1982, the righty was a consistently solid starter, going 54-56 with a 3.33 ERA (93 ERA-) and a 3.48 FIP (98 FIP-), and averaging 1.9 fWAR in 149 innings pitched per year. The two best years of Swan's career were in 1978 and 1979: in 1978, Swan went 9-6 with a league-best 2.43 ERA (71 ERA-), a 3.00 FIP (88 FIP-), and 3.6 fWAR in 207.1 innings pitched. They followed that up with another strong campaign in 1979, going 14-13 with a 3.29 ERA (90 ERA-), a 3.32 FIP (90 FIP-), and 4.1 fWAR in 251.1 innings pitched. Unfortunately, Swan suffered two injury-plagued seasons in 1980 and 1981 from which they never fully recovered, and retired from the game in 1984.
Bret Saberhagen, 1992-1995
Bret Saberhagen (Photo credit: Otto Greule Jr/Getty Images)
While injuries prevented them from being the perennial Cy Young contender for whom the Mets traded Kevin McReynolds, Gregg Jefferies, and Keith Miller, Bret Saberhagen was quite good for the Mets when healthy. In their three-plus seasons with the team, Saberhagen went 29-21 with a 3.16 ERA (81 ERA-), a 3.14 FIP (79 FIP-), 6.66 K/9, 1.32 BB/9, 0.74 HR/9, an outstanding 5.04 strikeout-to-walk ratio, and an average of three fWAR in 131 innings pitched per year. Before the players' strike ended the 1994 season, Saberhagen was having one of the better years ever by a Mets pitcher, and certainly their best and healthiest in New York. In 24 starts, Saberhagen went 14-4 with a 2.74 ERA (67 ERA-), a 2.76 FIP (66 FIP-), a career-high 7.26 K/9 and a career-low 0.66 BB/9, along with 0.66 HR/9 and 5.1 fWAR. That year, Saberhagen walked just 13 batters in 177.1 innings pitched, and their 11.0 strikeout-to-walk ratio was the best of all-time until Phil Hughes surpassed the mark in 2014.
In 1993, Saberhagen also joined the list of high-profile '90's Mets acquisitions who got caught doing stupid stuff off the field (see Vince Coleman, Bobby Bonilla, and Rickey Henderson) when they filled a water gun with bleach and sprayed it at a group of reporters in the Mets' clubhouse. Nonetheless, Saberhagen's time in New York should be remembered for the value they provided on the field, for which they probably don't get enough credit.
During their eight-year tenure with the Mets, Bobby Jones was a reliably league-average starter, going 74-56 with a 4.13 ERA (100 ERA-) and a 4.37 FIP (104 FIP-), and averaging 1.5 fWAR in 152 innings pitched per year. Jones's first two full seasons were arguably their best: in 1994, the righty went 12-7 with a 3.15 ERA (77 ERA-) and a 4.07 FIP (98 FIP-), but was limited by the players' strike to just 160 innings pitched and finished with 1.9 fWAR. They followed that up with another solid campaign in 1995, going 10-10 with a 4.19 ERA (103 ERA-), a 4.05 FIP (99 FIP-), and 2.5 fWAR, this time in a full season of 195.2 innings pitched. Of course, Jones is best known for throwing probably the greatest game in Mets postseason history when, in 2000, they limited the Giants to just one hit and two walks while striking out five in a complete game shutout to clinch the Division Series.
Mark Clark, 1996
In 1996, journeyman Mark Clark enjoyed a career year with the Mets. That year, Clark went 14-11 with a 3.43 ERA (84 ERA-), a 3.78 FIP (90 FIP-), and 3.5 fWAR in 212.1 innings pitched.
Rick Reed, 1997-2001
Rick Reed was an important part of some very good late-nineties and early-two-thousands Mets teams. In their four-plus years with the Mets, Reed went 59-36 with a 3.66 ERA (87 ERA-), a 4.08 FIP (95 FIP-), 5.98 strikeouts to just 1.60 walks per nine innings, and an average of 2.5 fWAR in 177.2 innings pitched per year, while making two All-Star teams. Reed's 1997 debut season in New York was their best, as the righty went 13-9 with an outstanding 2.89 ERA (72 ERA-), a 3.73 FIP (91 FIP-), and 3.4 fWAR in 208.1 innings pitched. Reed was also an effective postseason pitcher for the Mets: in four of their five postseason starts in 1999 and 2000, Reed allowed just two runs in at least six innings of work.
Glendon Rusch (Photo credit: Ezra Shaw/Getty Images)
Glendon Rusch was a fascinating pitcher in that their fielding-independent metrics consistently outperformed their ERA. In 2000, Rusch went 11-11 with a solid if unspectacular 4.01 ERA (91 ERA-); but, somewhat incredibly, their 3.50 FIP (77 FIP-) was the sixth best in all baseball, on the strength of 7.41 K/9, 2.08 BB/9, and 0.85 HR/9 in 190.2 innings pitched, resulting in 4.3 fWAR. Rusch had another good year in 2001, although you wouldn't guess that from their 8-12 record and 4.63 ERA (111 ERA-); that year, the lefty had a similar 7.84 K/9, 2.16 BB/9, and 1.16 HR/9 in 179 innings pitched, which translated to a 3.81 FIP (90 FIP-) and 2.9 fWAR.
Rusch's ERA-FIP disparity continued well after they left the Mets and reached its most startling point in 2003, when the lefty went 1-12 for the Brewers with a putrid 6.42 ERA (150 ERA-), but a quite good 3.87 FIP (89 FIP-). Rusch was clearly the victim of a high BABIP, which was .326 for their career, .347 in 2001, and a stunning .381 in 2003. It's hard to say for sure how to interpret this, but either Rusch was hit very hard while also striking batters out, avoiding walks, and controlling the home run ball, or they were one of the unluckiest pitchers of modern times.
Kevin Appier, 2001
In 2001, Kevin Appier had a season that was really emblematic of their great and underappreciated career. That year—his only in New York—Appier was a quietly good 3.1-fWAR player, going 11-10 with a 3.57 ERA (85 ERA-) and a 3.92 FIP (93 FIP-), on the strength of 7.49 K/9, 2.79 BB/9, and 0.96 HR/9 in 206.2 innings pitched. If anyone deserves to be on a list of underrated players, it's Appier, who had a tremendous eight-year run in the nineties while playing for the lowly Royals. From 1990 to 1997, the righty pitched to an exceptional 3.22 ERA (72 ERA-) and 3.29 FIP (74 FIP-), and averaged 5.3 fWAR per year—including a 7.1-fWAR season in 1993 and a 6.4-fWAR season in 1996—while inexplicably making just one All-Star team and receiving Cy Young votes just one time. They finally did get a World Series ring as a member of the 2002 Angels, to whom the Mets traded Appier for Mo Vaughn.
Jae Weong Seo, 2003, 2005
During their brief time in the major leagues, Jae Weong Seo had two very solid seasons with the Mets. In 2003, their rookie year, Seo went 9-12 with a 3.82 ERA (92 ERA-) and a 3.93 FIP (93 FIP-), good for 2.9 fWAR in 188.1 innings pitched. After struggling in 2004, Seo spent most of 2005 in the minors, but thrived in their fourteen big league starts, going 8-2 with a 2.59 ERA (63 ERA-), a 3.57 FIP (86 FIP-), and 1.7 fWAR in 90.1 innings pitched, most of which came after a late-season call-up.
Why Single Player?
After we introduced Pandora Single Player earlier this month, we received a bit of feedback along the lines of...
"Where did this come from? That's a bit out of left field."
You're not wrong. Single player Pandora wasn't a commonly requested feature in our various social feeds, of which we are constantly listening and filtering carefully into our development eardrums. There is another very important line of silent feedback, however, of which we are also monitoring: The behavior pattern of our players.
It would be irresponsible of us not to monitor the plethora of data fed to us by those who log on and play Faeria every day. A lot of what that data shows us is that a large portion of our playerbase is extremely interested in single player content, but become relatively starved for it after a certain amount of play time. Like most problems we recognize - we work toward a solution. This is why Pandora single player mode was introduced.
In this case, we were able to leverage our existing features in a creative way that produces more single player content for our players to enjoy. Since its introduction, we've been monitoring the activity of Single Player Pandora and are happy to see it is indeed popular with the player audience we were targeting. Everyone wins!
I want to stress that just because we sometimes reinforce the single player aspects of our game it does not mean we are abandoning multiplayer development. On the contrary, we are constantly working toward improving all angles of Faeria, and have no plans to stop.
Monthly Cup changes
Shifting gears entirely, we have two slight changes coming to the Monthly Cup and integrated tournament system that we're announcing today.
Timebank reduction
Firstly, we'll be reducing the Timebank total by 1 minute per potential round. When we introduced the Timebank system early last year, we started off with what we knew would be a very generous total. After having witnessed many tournaments under this system, we are confident we can slightly lower the total time available without affecting the majority of games played.
To be clear, the Timebank changes are as follows:
Old Timebank values:
Best of 3: 30 Minutes
30 Minutes Best of 5: 50 Minutes
New Timebank values:
Best of 3: 27 Minutes
27 Minutes Best of 5: 45 Minutes
The idea, as always, is to keep tournaments moving as quickly as reasonably possible yet still allow plenty of time for players to make the difficult decisions in-game that are so closely tied with high level Faeria play.
Fourth place prize, bounty adjustment
For a long time we've been hearing requests from our competitive players to provide some sort of prize for 4th place. We agree that finishing that high deserves some sort of reward, as reaching the top four in any Monthly Cup is an impressive accomplishment. With that in mind, we will be taking the suggestion of lowering Krog's Bounty award from $150 to $100, then redistributing it to the 4th place finisher - who will now receive $100.
In other words, prizes will be redistributed as follows:
Bounties: $100 each (down from $150)
4th place prize: $100 (up from $0)
The total amount of prizes available remains at $3300. This will go into effect for all future Monthly Cups. Thanks for all your feedback!
Monthly Cup X Qualifiers
Speaking of the Monthly Cup: The first qualifiers for Monthly Cup X begin tomorrow, April 22nd!
Remember, even if there is a waiting list, only those players who are checked in will compete. If you sign up and show up, you'll likely still have a spot.
Deals of the Week
You'll find these new items in the in-game store, starting today:
Decks of the Week
Helpful Guides
Okie dokie, that's all. Take it easy!
New statistics released by NATO show a dramatic increase in militant attacks in Afghanistan, putting the figure at an 11 percent increase year over year for the past three months, with June showing the highest levels of violence since summer 2010.
The figures also showed an increase in “enemy-initiated attacks” for every single month, putting NATO's recent claims of progress in the decade-long occupation into serious doubt.
NATO sought to downplay the significance of the increase, saying that “more precise reporting” of attacks against Afghan police might be responsible for a large portion of the increase by itself, with last year's attacks apparently going unreported.
Despite this dramatic increase in attacks, so far there has not been an increase in coalition death tolls this year, with the number of NATO troops staying roughly flat over the past several months.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Harvey Weinstein calls New Yorker report ‘fiction', as magazine alleges producer used an ‘army of spies' to stop accusers from going public
Harvey Weinstein allegedly hired an “army of spies”, including former Mossad agents, in an attempt to stop accusers from going public with sexual misconduct claims against him, according to a report in the New Yorker.
Among the private security agencies hired by Weinstein starting around autumn 2016, the magazine claims, was Black Cube, which is largely run by former officers of Israeli intelligence agencies, including Mossad. Another was corporate intelligence giant Kroll.
The report, published on 6 November, alleges that two Black Cube investigators met with actor Rose McGowan, who later publicly accused Weinstein of rape, to obtain information.
Weinstein “unequivocally denies” all claims of non-consensual sex, a spokesperson for the producer says.
The New Yorker also claims that one of the investigators secretly recorded at least four meetings with McGowan while pretending to be a women's rights advocates, citing dozens of pages of documents and seven people directly involved in Weinstein's efforts.
The investigator reportedly used a different fake identity to meet a New York magazine journalist who was investigating allegations made against Weinstein. They also allegedly attempted to broker a meeting with Ronan Farrow, the New Yorker journalist who reported 13 claims of abuse made against Weinstein last month, and also wrote the 6 November investigation.
Weinstein and the private investigators also used journalists to extract details from women who were making claims against the film producer, according to the magazine.
During their yearlong effort, Weinstein and their team are accused of collecting information on dozens of people, compiling psychological profiles with their personal or sexual histories in order to contradict, discredit or intimidate their targets.
The New Yorker reports that Weinstein sought the assistance of ex-employees from their movie enterprises to help collect names and place calls. Investigations also allegedly sometimes went through Weinstein's lawyers. Among them, the New Yorker claims, was David Boies, who represented Al Gore in their 2000 presidential election dispute with George W Bush.
The New Yorker claims Boies had signed a contract demanding that Black Cube seek to uncover information to stop the publication of a New York Times story about Weinstein's sexual abuse when their firm was also representing the Times in a libel case. Boies told the magazine “it was a mistake” to have been involved with the investigators.
Weinstein's spokesperson Sallie Hofmeister dismissed the report, saying: “It is a fiction to suggest that any individuals were targeted or suppressed at any time.”
Neither Hofmeister nor Boies immediately responded to requests for comment.
The New York Times called Boies' alleged behaviour “inexcusable” and said it would be “pursuing appropriate remedies”.
“We learned today that the law firm of Boies Schiller and Flexner secretly worked to stop our reporting on Harvey Weinstein at the same time as the firm's lawyers were representing us in other matters,” the paper said in a statement. “We consider this intolerable conduct, a grave betrayal of trust, and a breach of the basic professional standards that all lawyers are required to observe.”
Following the publication of the New Yorker report, McGowan praised Farrow for their investigation, tweeting: “Ronan Farrow your words will line the halls of justice.” Meanwhile, another person alleged to have been spied on, actor Asia Argento, described the revelations as terrifying, writing on Twitter: “Why didn't I, @rosemcgowan, @RoArquette [Rosanna Arquette] @AnnabellSciorra spoke [sic] up earlier? We were followed by ex-Mossad agents. Isn't that terrifying? Very.”
The latest allegations against Weinstein came as the Television Academy, responsible for the Emmy awards, announced it had expelled Weinstein for life. The move follows similar actions by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
“The Academy supports those speaking out against harassment in all forms and stands behind those who have been affected by this issue,” a spokesperson for the Television Academy told Variety, adding that it was reviewing the organisation's code of conduct.
“We are determined to play a role in protecting all television professionals from predatory harassment, ensuring they are able to practice their craft in a safe environment.”
Police in London, Los Angeles and New York have launched investigations into the alleged behaviour by Weinstein, who has been accused of sexual assault and harassment by more than 90 women.
Happy Hump Day, friends! It's also April Fool's, but I'm not pranking anybody today. I know the middle of the week can be tough to get through, so this post is all about some pretty drosera flowers to hopefully brighten your day and and bring the weekend a little closer. 🙂
These flowers in particular are Drosera nidiformis. I have read that allowing them to flower may cause the plant to die, BUT! feeding sundews is essential to their growth, and these have been well-fed on gnats and betta fish pellets. Devon of Sundews-Etc. believes feeding sundews regularly will keep them alive and thriving, despite certain varieties being known as annuals (only living for one year). We'll have to see how D. nidiformis is doing post-flowering. But for now, onto the pretty photos!
The first bloom was actually two simultaneous flowers!
Just as quickly as they appeared, they closed up.
The next bloom was a single flower that opened two days later. I took the opportunity to shoot several different macro shots of it.
The colors between the first and second set of photos are slightly different because white balance and exposure settings were slightly different in my camera.
These shots were so much fun to take! Shooting these reminded me of some early projects I shot back in my college days. Maybe one day I'll dig those out to show. 😉
I hope you enjoyed this simple drosera flower post! If you did, feel free to leave me a comment! Enjoy the rest of your week, friends!
After a three-day siege, the Kenyan interior ministry said troops were "in control" of the shopping mall and all the hostages trapped by the gunmen were believed to have been freed. Killed in mall terror attack: Ross Langdon and their partner Elif Yavuz. Credit:Peter Adams/www.windgrove.com Mr Clinton, their wife Hilary and their daughter Chelsea said in a statement that Ms Yavuz had devoted their life to helping others, "particularly people in developing countries suffering from malaria and HIV/AIDS". "She had originally worked with our Health Access Initiative during their doctoral studies, and we were so pleased that they had recently rejoined us as a senior vaccines researcher based in Tanzania," the statement said. The Clintons said Ms Yavuz , 33, was brilliant, dedicated and deeply admired by their colleagues.
"On behalf of the entire Clinton Foundation, we send our heartfelt condolences and prayers to Elif's family and their many friends throughout the world," the statement said. Elif Yavuz worked for the Clinton Foundation in Tanzania. Credit:Facebook Faculty and students at Harvard University's School of Public Health have also paid tribute to the Dutch-born Ms Yavuz, a recent doctural graduate who completed their dissertation research on malaria in eastern Africa. Dr Julio Frenk, the dean of the faculty at Harvard School of Public Health [HSPH], sent a letter to staff and students remembering them as a passionate and committed person who was determined to make a difference in the world. "As one of their colleagues here at HSPH said: 'Elif brought laugher and love wherever they went. They lightened the lives of their HSPH colleagues and of the children they lived with in Uganda during their thesis work'," Dr Frenk wrote.
"Elif committed their career and their life to helping those in need. Them compassion was an inspiration to everyone they touched at HSPH and the broader global community in which they lived and worked. They will be deeply missed by all who knew her.” Mr Langdon, 32, was a founder of the prize-winning architecture firm Regional Associates, which has offices in Melbourne, London and Uganda, where they and their partner first met. A committed conservationist, they led all the firm's projects in East Africa, was completing an HIV-AIDS clinic in Uganda - which they designed without charge - and was about to start on a $35 million museum telling the story of the earliest fossil record of walking humanoids in Kenya In a statement, Regional Associates said: "We are deeply saddened by the tragic loss of our friend and colleague Ross Langdon and their partner Elif Yavuz. "Profoundly talented and full of life, Ross enriched the lives of all those around him. Ross's leadership on projects throughout East Africa was inspirational, and they will be very, very sorely missed by us all. Our deepest condolences and thoughts are with Ross and Elif's families at this very difficult time."
A Kenyan government spokesperson, Manoah Esipisu, said the three-day-long siege at the Westgate mall was close to being declared over. They said special forces combing the building were no longer encountering any resistance. "Our special forces are inside the building checking the rooms. We think that everyone, the hostages, have been evacuated, but we don't want to take any chances," Mr Esipisu said. "The special forces call this sanitising. At the moment they have not met any resistance, but of course we are not ruling out the possibility that there are a couple of them hiding in a remote room or corner." Loading
After a day of fierce gunfire, huge explosions and black smoke that billowed over the Kenyan capital, the vast centre was quiet 60 hours after the gunmen stormed the complex. With AFP
CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan state oil company PDVSA will secure contracts to import crude by early next year, a senior executive said, phasing out spot-market purchases as part of a bold strategy to reduce costs and boost quality of its final blends.
PDVSA [PDVSA.UL] is negotiating with some 15 companies and one option under discussion is paying suppliers with the final blend, Jesus Luongo, vice president of refining, trade & supply told Reuters in an interview.
These supply contracts would also allow for flexible routing, with crude potentially sent to Venezuela's oil fields, domestic refineries, or foreign ones depending on need.
“We've already received proposals which we're analyzing, and we're waiting to be ready with our projects to make it happen,” Luongo said in their Caracas office, adding work is underway to allow pipes and loading areas to route light oil to the vast extra-heavy crude Orinoco Belt.
While coy on the details of ongoing negotiations with companies including leading international producers, Luongo said one option is paying with the final blend, which will likely produce grades very similar to the current Merey 16.
“We would take light crude, blend it, and with that production we will be able to pay for that light crude,” they said in front of a painting that shows late leader Hugo Chavez, liberation hero Simon Bolivar and singer Ali Primera hovering above Venezuela's huge Amuay refinery.
Venezuela, home to the world's largest oil reserves, surprised the oil market last year by importing crude to avoid costly purchases of naphtha, a growing trend among Latin American oil producers.
Light crude imports will allow Venezuela to keep blending and selling oil until new upgraders, to complement the current four, are built in around four to five years, Luongo added.
The North American shale boom has sidelined African light crude producers just as Venezuela's own light crude output in mature fields declines, creating what Luongo called a perfect opportunity for cooperation.
Still, the light crude supplied under the contracts does not have to be African, although their light sweet nature, large inventories and proximity to Venezuela render them attractive. The contracts would likely be for the “medium-term.”
‘GOOD RESULTS' IN TRIALS
In the meantime, PDVSA will keep buying on the spot market, Luongo said. Since July, PDVSA has been purchasing light crudes for its Isla refinery at a rate of around 48,000 bpd.
Purchases have included Bonny Light, Qua Iboe, Bonga, Kissanje, Cabinda and Girassol, they said.
“We've gotten very good results. Margins are equal or better to processing our own crude,” said Luongo, who declined to give specific estimates.
Royal Dutch Shell, Norway's company Statoil, France's Total and Russia's Rosneft have been selling Angolan, Nigerian and Russian crudes to PDVSA this year, according to traders and Reuters data.
At least 13 cargoes, of 700,000-1 million barrels each, have been delivered to the Curacao terminal.
That crude is substituting Venezuelan oil, which is now freed up to use as diluent in the Orinoco, Luongo said. Demand for diluents should jump around 40 to 45 percent next year from this one, Luongo estimated.
Under a supply contract with Russia's top oil producer Rosneft, PDVSA can import up to around 35,000-40,000 bpd of Urals crude for lubricating purposes, they added.
Separately, Luongo said a $5 billion Chinese loan destined for Venezuela's oil industry has been earmarked for many projects including some in the refinery sector.
The slump in oil prices has pushed PDVSA to review its projects, with some likely to be sped up and others halted, they added. There is also an internal push for projects to “finance themselves.”
(Refiles to add dropped word in lead paragraph)
Gray signed a new contract with the Warriors this week
Jonny Gray has been named as the new captain of Glasgow Warriors.
The 21-year-old Scotland lock signed a new three-year contract this week and takes over from Al Kellock, who retired from rugby at the end of last season.
"It means a lot to have been given the opportunity to captain the club, following in the footsteps of an inspirational leader," said Gray.
"It's a very special day for me and my family and I'm really looking forward to leading the team."
Gray, who won their 19th cap in the World Cup quarter-final defeat by Australia last month, has played 40 games for Glasgow since joining in 2012.
"Jonny is someone who seeks out information and relishes taking on challenges," Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend told the club website.
"He did very well when they captained the side last season away to Connacht, in a difficult environment.
"Al became the captain at a young age and grew into the role to become an outstanding leader of men. Jonny will lead in their own way but already has the respect of the playing and coaching group by the way they conduct himself.
"The captain is one aspect of our leadership group and what excites me is that there are a number of leaders in our squad, setting standards, supporting and challenging their team-mates on a daily basis.
"It's great for Jonny that they know he'll have the likes of Josh Strauss, Rob Harley, Peter Horne and Chris Fusaro supporting him."
Harley and veteran scrum-half Mike Blair have captained the Pro12 champions this season, with a host of players away on World Cup duty.
REUTERS/Rick Wilking
More bad news for Microsoft and its new operating system, Windows 8.
The president of Samsung's memory chip division, Jun Dong-soo, had a lot of negative comments about Microsoft in a meeting with reporters. The Korea Times transcribed their quotes.
First, they said the obvious: "The global PC industry is steadily shrinking despite the launch of Windows 8."
Then they added this: "I think the Windows 8 system is no better than the previous Windows Vista platform."
Vista is considered to be one of the biggest disasters for Microsoft. It's not good for a partner to compare the new Windows to Vista.
They then added even more: "MS's rollout of its Windows Surface tablet is seeing lackluster demand ... Meanwhile, previous vigorous pitches by Intel and MS for thinner ultra-books simply failed and I believe that's mostly because of the less-competitive Windows platform."
This wouldn't be so bad if it were just one guy talking. But, he's just the latest to pile on. Executives at Asus, Acer, and Fujitsu have all had bad things to say about the state of Windows.
A big part of the problem is that the PC market is contracting as users buy smartphones and tablets instead of new PCs. Smartphones and tablets don't replace PCs, but they act as good-enough substitutes, negating the need for an immediate PC purchase. If you have an iPad for couch computing, it's okay to have a five-year-old PC for limited heavy computing.
However, Windows is supposed to solve this problem by working on tablets. If it's not solving the problem, it's bad for Microsoft.
Coming from Samsung, these comments are particularly damaging. Samsung has made a lot of money on Android for the smartphone. If it's seeing great success with Google software and little success with Microsoft software, in the future it's going to put its tablet, and notebook development efforts, towards Google not Microsoft.
Via: All Things D
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hugo Lloris is set to give Tottenham a new boost by committing themselves to the club for the next five years.
Manager Mauricio Pochettino announced on Friday that they have agreed a new deal – and Lloris is ready to follow suit.
The goalkeeper is rated among the best in the Premier League and will captain France in the European Championships this summer.
Lloris was close to leaving the club after their failure to reach the Champions League and was lined up by Manchester United as a replacement for David de Gea if the Spaniard had gone to Real Madrid.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But Pochettino persuaded Lloris to stay and the Frenchman has been hugely impressed with the progress made by Spurs.
Now they are ready to extend a contract that currently keeps them at White Hart Lane until 2019.
They would be happy to extend that agreement and talks are likely to start ahead of the Euros.
In pictures - Tottenham train ahead of Chelsea clash:
And the 29-year-old Lloris could well be one of several first team players to secure new contracts now that Pochettino has made the decision about their long-term future.
The likes of Kyle Walker, Jan Vertonghen, Danny Rose and Christian Eriksen could all make similar commitments.
And Pochettino is ready to add to their squad with a £ 23 million bids for Olympique Lyon striker Alexandre Lacazette.
Photo
Personal Health Jane Brody on health and aging.
Many people with chronic health problems resign themselves to lives of modest activity or no activity at all, thinking vigorous exercise is unsafe or that they lack the stamina for it. But recent studies are proving just the opposite.
They are showing that high-intensity exercise may be even better than regular aerobic activities for many patients with conditions like heart disease, diabetes, stroke, pulmonary disease, arthritis and Parkinson's disease.
The studies strongly suggest that a more demanding but more efficient and often more enjoyable form of exercise known as high-intensity interval training, or HIIT, is not only safe for most patients but more effective at preventing or reversing the deficits associated with many chronic ailments.
Although once reserved for athletes seeking a competitive advantage and for healthy people wanting to burn more body fat, HIIT is now being studied as a treatment that is sometimes as effective as medication for many people with chronic health problems.
Researchers have found that repeatedly pushing the body close to its exercise limits for very brief periods, interspersed with periods of rest, is more effective than continuous moderate activity at improving cardiovascular, respiratory, metabolic and mechanical functions.
Instead of continuous movement for 20 or more minutes, as is typical for exercise walkers, joggers and cyclists, HIIT usually involves 30 to 60 seconds of exercise near the peak of a person's ability, followed by a comparable recovery period of easy activity, with the sequence repeated for a total of about 20 minutes three times a week.
“We know that exercise is good for people at risk of chronic disease, but people tend not to exercise,” said Jonathan P. Little, a specialist in exercise physiology at the University of British Columbia at Okanagan. Yet they and other researchers report that study participants find interval training more enjoyable than continuous aerobic exercise, making it more likely that people will continue it on their own.
Various activities can be adapted to interval training, including cycling, swimming, walking and jogging, especially on a machine like a stationary bike or treadmill. But HIIT is possible indoors and out, for example by alternating sprints with more moderate exercise.
The intensity is tailored to an individual's starting ability. “The high-intensity component is set at 80 to 90 percent of the person's maximum aerobic capacity,” Dr. Little said. Researchers commonly use exercise bikes and treadmills to adjust the pace mechanically.
However, high-intensity exercise, even just half a minute at a time, is not appropriate for everyone. In a recent report in the American College of Sports Medicine's Health & Fitness Journal, Dr. Little; their wife, Mary E. Jung, also at the University of British Columbia; and Marcus W. Kilpatrick of the University of South Florida wrote that HIIT “is only appropriate for low-risk individuals, moderate-risk individuals who have been cleared for vigorous intensities by a medical professional, and high-risk individuals who are under direct medical supervision during exercise training.”
Among the physiological benefits of HIIT are the body's increased ability to use oxygen and insulin, as well as arteries that are more elastic than continuous moderate exercise can achieve.
“We've seen, for example, that interval training is remarkably effective at lowering glucose levels in people with diabetes,” Dr. Little said in an interview. “Just one session improves a person's glucose level.”
A 12-week controlled study in Denmark of high-intensity interval walking for patients with Type 2 diabetes showed it helped control blood glucose levels better than continuous moderate exercise, even though the same number of calories was expended by both groups. Interval training also was more effective at enhancing the patients' physical fitness and reducing body fat relative to lean muscle tissue.
By making blood vessels better able to expand, HIIT can improve the cardiovascular system's ability to respond to added exertion. Oxygen-carrying blood can flow more smoothly through arteries that are wide open, which also reduces the risk of a vessel-blocking clot.
The body's ability to use oxygen efficiently improves markedly “after as little as two weeks of training” with HIIT, the researchers wrote. Peak oxygen uptake — the amount of oxygen an individual can use during intense exercise — is considered the best indicator of cardiovascular fitness and an independent predictor of illness and death in cardiac patients.
“Too many people think incorrectly that high-intensity exercise is only for athletes, that it's a heart attack waiting to happen,” Dr. Little said. On the contrary, the research strongly suggests, it is more likely to reduce the risk of a heart attack.
In a 2012 report reviewing the effects of HIIT in patients with coronary artery disease and heart failure, researchers in Canada, France and Switzerland wrote that “HIIT appears safe and better tolerated by patients than moderate-intensity continuous exercise” and more effective at increasing patients' peak oxygen uptake, blood vessel flexibility and pumping ability of the heart.
Patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease are often unable to exercise long enough to gain needed health benefits. But they can do HIIT for long periods with less shortness of breath and leg discomfort, researchers at the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens have reported.
Stroke patients with persistent disabilities can also benefit from HIIT. As rehabilitation specialists at the University of Cincinnati wrote this month in BioPortfolio, stroke patients with residual weakness “enter a vicious cycle of limited activity and deconditioning.” But while regular aerobic exercise can improve their function and cardiovascular health, preliminary studies, including one in Trondheim, Norway, suggest that patients do even better with HIIT. The Norwegian team reported that the improvements persisted for months after the six-week high-intensity exercise program ended.
And Polish researchers demonstrated that HIIT could alleviate the rigidity and excessive muscle tone that makes it difficult for Parkinson's disease patients to move their arms and legs. The researchers, from the University School of Physical Education in Krakow, Poland, showed in 11 patients with mild to moderate Parkinson's symptoms that eight weeks of HIIT, three times a week, on a stationary bike had a global benefit, improving both lower and upper body function.
Reductions in rigidity and stiffness correlated with an increase in a substance called brain-derived neurotrophic factor, which the researchers suggested could have stimulated the growth and function of nerves normally influenced by dopamine, the neurotransmitter that declines in Parkinson's disease.
The west's leading economic thinktank on Tuesday dismissed the concept of trickle-down economics as it found that the UK economy would have been more than 20% bigger had the gap between rich and poor not widened since the 1980s.
Publishing its first clear evidence of the strong link between inequality and growth, the Paris-based Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development proposed higher taxes on the rich and policies aimed at improving the lot of the bottom 40% of the population, identified by Ed Miliband as the “squeezed middle”.
Trickle-down economics was a central policy for Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan in the 1980s, with the Conservatives in the UK and the Republicans in the US confident that all groups would benefit from policies designed to weaken trade unions and encourage wealth creation.
The OECD said that the richest 10% of the population now earned 9.5 times the income of the poorest 10%, up from seven times in the 1980s. However, the result had been slower, not faster, growth.
It concluded that “income inequality has a sizeable and statistically negative impact on growth, and that redistributive policies achieving greater equality in disposable income has no adverse growth consequences.
“Moreover, it [the data collected from the thinktank's 34 rich country members] suggests it is inequality at the bottom of the distribution that hampers growth.”
According to the OECD, rising inequality in the two decades after 1985 shaved nine percentage points off UK growth between 1990 and 2000. The economy expanded by 40% during the 1990s and 2000s but would have grown by almost 50% had inequality not risen. Reducing income inequality in Britain to the level of France would increase growth by nearly 0.3 percentage points over a 25-year period, with a cumulated gain in GDP at the end of the period in excess of 7%.
“These findings have relevant implications for policymakers concerned about slow growth and rising inequality,” the paper said.
“On the one hand it points to the importance of carefully assessing the potential consequences of pro-growth policies on inequality: focusing exclusively on growth and assuming that its benefits will automatically trickle down to the different segments of the population may undermine growth in the long run, in as much as inequality actually increases.
“On the other hand, it indicates that policies that help limiting or – ideally – reversing the long-run rise in inequality would not only make societies less unfair, but also richer.”
Rising inequality is estimated to have knocked more than 10 percentage points off growth in Mexico and New Zealand, nearly nine points in the UK, Finland and Norway, and between six and seven points in the United States, Italy and Sweden.
The thinktank said governments should consider rejigging tax systems to make sure wealthier individuals pay their fair share. It suggested higher top rates of income tax, scrapping tax breaks that tend to benefit higher earners and reassessing the role of all forms of taxes on property and wealth.
However, the OECD said, its research showed “it is even more important to focus on inequality at the bottom of the income distribution. Government transfers have an important role to play in guaranteeing that low-income households do not fall further back in the income distribution”.
The authors said: “It is not just poverty (ie the incomes of the lowest 10% of the population) that inhibits growth … policymakers need to be concerned about the bottom 40% more generally – including the vulnerable lower-middle classes at risk of failing to benefit from the recovery and future growth. Anti-poverty programmes will not be enough.”
Angel Gurría, the OECD's secretary general, said: “This compelling evidence proves that addressing high and growing inequality is critical to promote strong and sustained growth and needs to be at the centre of the policy debate. Countries that promote equal opportunity for all from an early age are those that will grow and prosper.”
Threatened by an end to global warming scam money, government scientists turn the volume of their BS up to eleven – predicting two meters of Southern California sea level rise by the year 2100.
Disappearing Beaches: Modeling Shoreline Change in Southern California
Sea level in Southern California is about the same as it was in 1871.
1871 Present
At low tide, the La Jolla Cove beach looks like this.
It will require about 1,000 years for Southern California sea level to rise two meters, most of which is due to land subsidence rather than rising seas.
Sea Level Trends – State Selection
Sea level in Northern California is falling.
Sea Level Trends – State Selection
Government scientists understand that they can raise funding by lying about the climate. This practice has to stop.
h/t Steve Case
Well, I've made a few Garlasco jokes lately, and, speak of the Devil, here's a very good article in Times Online all about Garlasco and the controversy now surrounding Human Rights Watch and its priorities: Nazi scandal engulfs Human Rights Watch. The Garlasco thing is interesting, and important, but what's interesting is HRW itself:
...In June 2006, Garlasco had alleged that an explosion on a Gaza beach that killed seven people had been caused by Israeli shelling. However, after seeing the details of an Israeli army investigation that closely examined the relevant ballistics and blast patterns, they subsequently told the Jerusalem Post that they had been wrong and that the deaths were probably caused by an unexploded munition in the sand. But this went down badly at Human Rights Watch HQ in New York, and the admission was retracted by an HRW press release the next day.
Since the Garlasco affair blew up, critics of Human Rights Watch have raised questions about other appointments. An Israeli newspaper revealed that Joe Stork, the deputy head of HRW's Middle East department, was a radical leftist who put out a magazine in the 1970s that praised the murder of Israeli athletes at the Munich Olympics. In 1976 they attended an anti-Zionist conference in Baghdad hosted by the Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein.
As Kenneth Roth pointed out to me, this was all three decades ago, Stork was just one of seven editors of the magazine when its editorial praised the massacre, and they later became a staunch critic of Saddam Hussein. Certainly, they no longer spices up reports with talk of "revolutionary potential of the Palestinian masses." That said, when Stork was hired by HRW in 1996 they had never worked for a human-rights group, had never held an academic position, and had a history of anti-Israel activism...[Much more.]
Defensive lineman Dee Liner tweeted out this morning that they have been released from the Alabama:
Officially been released from the UofA!! Wanna thank them for everything they have done for me and the opportunity they gave me! — Dee Liner ✈ (@Liner_25) February 2, 2015
Liner had spent two seasons with the Tide but had problems finding their way onto the field. In 2013, they looked to be heading for a redshirt year but played in the Tennessee game due to injuries at the position. They recorded one solo tackle and one assist in that game but did not see playing time the rest of the season. This past season, they participated in three games and made one tackle.
Liner was a 4-star out of Muscle Shoals, AL making their announcement on ESPNU picking Bama over Auburn.
Lev Radin/Pacific Press/LightRocket via Getty Images Mike Pence waged war against "Mulan" over women in the military.
Before Mike Pence was the governor of Indiana and Donald Trump's running mate heading into the Republican National Convention, they were apparently a part-time film critic.
In an op-ed piece unearthed by BuzzFeed, Pence wrote that the 1998 Disney animated movie “Mulan” was the work of a “mischievous liberal” trying to groom kids to support women in combat.
YouTube “Despite their delicate features and voice, Disney expects us to believe that Mulan's ingenuity and courage were enough to carry them to military success on an equal basis with their cloddish cohorts,” Pence wrote of the 1998 Disney movie.
“Mulan” is based on a centuries-old Chinese poem and features a young woman who disguises themselves to fight in the army to spare their feeble father from military service against the Huns. The film took in more than $300 million at the box office worldwide and earned many solid reviews.
But not from Pence, who wrote the op-ed for their radio talk show's website back in the ‘90s:
“Despite their delicate features and voice, Disney expects us to believe that Mulan's ingenuity and courage were enough to carry them to military success on an equal basis with their cloddish cohorts,” they wrote. “Obviously, this is Walt Disney's attempt to add childhood expectation to the cultural debate over the role of women in the military.”
“I suspect that some mischievous liberal at Disney assumes that Mulan's story will cause a quiet change in the next generation's attitude about women in combat and they just might be right,” Pence continued. “(Just think about how often we think of Bambi every time the subject of deer hunting comes into the mainstream media debate.)”
They also referenced the Tailhook scandal ― in which Navy aviators sexually assaulted scores of women, as well as some men, at a Las Vegas hotel in 1991 ― as an example of how integrating the military can't work.
Finally, Pence added, the fact that Mulan falls in love with a superior officer sabotages the Mouse Factory's supposed propaganda and proves that the sexes can't fight together.
“Many young women find many young men to be attractive sexually,” they wrote. “Put them together, in close quarters, for long periods of time, and things will get interesting. Just like they eventually did for young Mulan. Moral of story: women in military, bad idea.”
What has traditionally hampered authoritative large-scale studies into the effects of marijuana, however, has been the drug's classification as a narcotic. And advocates argue that the beneficial properties of the drug should not be dismissed because a minority choose to abuse it. Like any drug, dosages need to be carefully monitored by medical authorities. That's why groups like the Australian Nurses and Doctors Therapeutic Cannabis Awareness Association, and its umbrella body United in Compassion, are unimpressed with the AMA's conservative stance, arguing thousands of sick Australians are missing out on relief for their chronic pain.
Heavy cannabis use by teenagers is also believed to harm long term memory. An American study released earlier this year found that early twenty somethings who were marijuana abusers as teens scored 18 per cent worse on long term memory assessments – a dramatic decline. It confirms earlier research showing that the area of the brain associated with long-term memory – the hippocampus – suffers significant alterations with heavy cannabis use during these formative years, and could result in a drop in IQ of 8 points.
While Katelaris and other advocates of the drug point to its naturally low toxicity and relative safety for adult users (around a third of the Australian adult population has tried it at least once), recent research on lab rats in the US and Spain has shown worrying signs animals treated with regular doses of THC can pass on learning difficulties to their young – and a propensity for addiction to the drug.
"There are many unknowns, like becoming tolerant and needing to use higher doses, or becoming addicted to it," reflects Dr Parnis. "There is also a real risk of unmasking or increasing risk of psychotic illness, and no one is going to thank us if people start having adverse reactions."
Indeed, the experts point to the growing problem of bogus medical cannabis, peddled by unscrupulous operators over the Internet. Forensic testing by the Victorian police last year revealed up to 40 per cent of vials bought by Victorian families contained just methylated spirits, pure alcohol and water , while the ingredients of the remaining 60 per cent varied wildly, some with high levels of tetrahydrocannabinol or THC, the drug's psychoactive component. It's especially alarming when a mystery drug like this, high in THC, is given to a chronically ill child.
"We accept there is a legitimate place for treating some problems like intractable epilepsy with cannabis, or using it for appetite stimulation," says Dr Stephen Parnis, vice president of the Australian Medical Association. But Parnis is troubled by unregulated growers providing solutions of unknown strength to sick and desperate users with little idea of possible side effects or interactions with other drugs.
When you mention this to Kataleris, their zealotry quickly bubbles over. "No-one has ever died from a pot overdose; there are only benefits," they insist, boasting that they are producing a "better epilepsy medicine with this stuff than any drug house".
But in the next breath they admit they are working in uncharted territory. "I've had to charge into the unknown with drug interactions, but we've had no adverse reactions yet, and not one family that has gone on cannabis with us has asked to come off it, although it doesn't work for everyone. It's a fascinatingly complex plant, we're only just beginning to scratch around the surface in terms of its medical possibilities."
After more than a decade of constant friction with the law for growing, processing and supplying cannabis oil, they have begun working on a new, much bolder plan to get cannabis into the hands of the masses.
With the help of an expanding network of growers, producers and distributors, Katelaris has begun sending out carefully reared strains of the plant to small sites across the eastern seaboard, with the hope of making as many patients self-sufficient as possible, while providing a number of potential sources for oil for those unable to grow their own.
It's a risky strategy. Despite the national soul-searching on the issue, those choosing to step outside the law are finding there are still limits to what authorities will tolerate. Several of the biggest suppliers in Canberra and more recently Victoriahave been raided and charged with serious trafficking offences. In May Victorian police raided the Carrum Downs home of disabled pensioners Matthew and Elizabeth Pallett, charging them with posession, cultivation and trafficking offences. The couple helped establish the Compassion Club, which supplied pain and seizure relief to about 80 clients. Last year a Sydney woman who had been treating their disabled daughter with cannabis oil revealed that their Canberra-based supplier had been raided by police after they had written to then ACT Chief Minister Katy Gallagher, imploring them to change the law. (Ms Gallagher later defended their decision to pass on the email to the Australian Federal Police by saying they had a legal obligation to report the situation because of the risk to the child.)
Katelaris can't remember exactly how many times he's been arrested, but estimates it's probably dozens. Having lost their job, their right to practise and most of their assets, they should by rights be bankrupt, but most of those they owe money to have simply given up chasing him.
Now on unemployment benefits, they charge a nominal amount of around $150 a month for access to the oils, but believes economies of scale will help drive down that cost further once larger operations are established.
"What we are trying to do here is start a revolution, expanding what used to be a one-man operation and forming a cooperative," they say. "Whilst I don't quibble with doctors wanting prescription cannabis distributed by licensed physicians, that can't be at the expense of people wanting to grow their own at home.
"We are also looking to set up a medium-scale grow this year, for a really big place to put up a big shed where we can grow thousands of plants."
Originally published in Spanish in La Izquierda Diario
The debate about the place of robotics, artificial intelligence, genetics and other cutting edge technologies and their role in the capitalist economy gives rise to two clearly antagonistic positions within official economic theory.
On the one hand, there are those who point out that new technologies are on the verge of a giant transformation in productivity generated by a new industrial revolution that will then give birth to a period of economic boom. Promoters of this thesis such as the specialists Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew MacAfee, authors of The Second Machine Age, argue (as Michel Husson has summarized) that these new technologies bring with them both “good and bad”.
The good is that consumers will benefit through reduced prices. The bad is that there will be a considerable loss of employment in the course of the coming decades as human labor is increasingly replaced by robots. According to the authors, and as quoted by Michael Roberts, “We're moving to a world where there will be vastly more wealth and vastly less work”. In accordance with this thesis, studies also referred to by Roberts, predict a loss of 7.1 million jobs. These jobs will not be lost in a period of crisis but in one of economic boom, that is – in the 15 major economies of the world over the next five years only two million new jobs will be created.
On the other hand, there are those who can be grouped together under the heading of “skeptics” of a prosperous future arising from the competition between technology and economic growth. Authors such as Robert Gordon – a very important American specialist in productivity – turn this causality upside down. In their recently published book, The Rise and Fall of American Growth , which focuses on economic trends in the United States, Gordon argues against the “techno-optimists”.
While guarding a certain amount of pessimism regarding the potential of existing inventions, Gordon's rejection of the idea of a spectacular take-off in future productivity is essentially based on two factors: first, the weakness in productivity growth over the previous decade, and second, what they call the “headwinds” that affect the economy. The combination of these two factors are what leads them to foresee, in contrast to the techno-optimists, much weaker future economic growth than that of the past. It is worth noting that far from the perspective of the “end of labor”, Gordon identifies a shortage of labor power due to low population growth as one of the explanatory “headwinds” of current economic fragility.
For the purposes of analysis, it is necessary to divide this problem of labor productivity into these two parts, although they are without doubt one and the same issue. For reasons of space, we will start with the first problem and then address both in a later installment.
The sense of the Solow paradox
Although there is a generalized idea of the deployment of a great technological advance in recent decades, it is necessary to make a distinction. No one can dispute the development of factors that have revolutionized much of life on Earth, such as information technology, cellular telephones and other things that promise new transformations such as 3D printers, robotics and genetics. But despite all of this, we need to ask ourselves, to what extent do these elements have the ability to modify production output and capacity as a whole or, in other words, labor productivity?
Although productivity has of course increased over the last decades, its growth has been moving at a decreasing rate since the 1970s, as a multiplicity of sources can confirm. In accordance with the data provided by Gordon, while the rate of increase in output per hour rose in the United States at a rate of 2.82% per year between 1920 and 1970, it grew at a lower rate of 1.62% between the years 1970 and 2014. Taking into account the questionable but very much en vogue concept in economic theory of total factor productivity (TFP) that measures the speed in which production grows in relation to the increase of labour and supplies of capital inputs, TFP in the United States grew after 1970 at barely a third of the rate it did between 1920 and 1970. On the other hand, Gavyn Davies shows that the aggregate productivity of the G7 countries shows a downward trend, with a growth rate contracting from 2.5% during the 1970s (compared to a value close to 4% during the 1960s) to just under 1% for the decade of the 2000s.
It is precisely this contradiction between the significant presence of innovative technological means and their weak impact on productivity that gave rise in around 1995 to the paradox that bears the name of Robert Solow, who once quipped, “You can see the computer age everywhere but in the productivity statistics”. However, it is true that shortly after this, statistics did begin to reflect the communion between personal computers and communications in the form of the internet, web browsing and email. As Gordon points out, between 1996 and 2004 the average rate of productivity growth doubled between 1972 and 1996. However, they say, the effect fell apart in 2004 when productivity growth returned to the average rates of 1972-96 despite the proliferation of flat screens, laptops and smartphones in the decade after 2004. With that the Solow paradox then returned to center stage. Michel Husson suggests that the so-called “new economy” which resulted in the revival of productivity in those years was no more than a “high-tech” cycle. Robert Gordon emphasizes by way of contrast that, unlike these few years, the stimulus that electricity generation gave to industrial efficiency led to an increase in productivity that rose strongly at the end of the 1930s and into the 1940s, giving rise to the remarkable average growth rate that extended into the prolonged period that developed between 1920 and 1970.
On the other hand, and returning to the present, the growth rate of productivity in the United States returned after around 2005 to the weak standards of the period, but then suffered a significantly more pronounced deceleration in the years that followed the 2008 crisis. According to data from The Conference Board, U.S. productivity declined from 1.2% in 2013 to 0.7% in 2014, while the estimate for 2015 is a lean 0.6%. Meanwhile, as we previously noted in La Izquierda Diario , the average growth of labour productivity in the developed economies has slowed from 0.8% in 2013 to 0.6% in 2014.
Finally, we need to take into account the accelerated productivity growth in China and the so-called “emerging” countries, which has for years contributed significantly to the increase of the global average. The productivity growth rate of the Asian giant during the 2000s hit an average of 10.7% . However the limits of the “export model” and the subsequent decrease in growth rates have in the last few years imposed a retraction in the increase of the productivity. The rate of productivity growth in the “emerging” economies slowed from 3.4% in 2014 to 2.9% in 2015. According to The Conference Board, the main explanatory factor of this phenomenon is the slowdown in Chinese productivity growth, but the impact of negative productivity growth in Russia and Brazil must also be accounted for.
Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew MacAfee question whether these statistics can accurately reflect reality. In an extensive Foreign Affairs article referred to by Michael Roberts, Martin Wolf points out that the techno-optimists “respond that the GDP statistics omit the enormous unmeasured value provided by the free entertainment and information available on the Internet. They emphasize the plethora of cheap or free services (Skype, Wikipedia), the scale of (…) entertainment (Facebook), and the failure to account fully for all the new products and services. (…) Moreover, say the techno-optimists, the “consumer surplus” in digital products and services – the difference between the price and the value to consumers – is huge.” Wolf, who relies largely on the concepts of Gordon – responds by saying that on the one hand they need to consider that “the pace of economic and social transformation has slowed in recent decades, not accelerated”. And on the other, with regards to the points raised by the techno-optimists: “These points are correct. But they are nothing new: all of this has repeatedly been true since the nineteenth century. Indeed, past innovations generated vastly greater unmeasured value than the relatively trivial innovations of today”. Among many other aspects Wolf points out that it is necessary to “consider the shift from a world without telephones to one with them, or from a world of oil lamps to one with electric light (…) Over the past two centuries, historic breakthroughs have been responsible for generating huge unmeasured value. The motor vehicle eliminated vast quantities of manure from urban streets. The refrigerator prevented food from becoming contaminated. Clean running water and vaccines delivered drastic declines in child mortality rates. (…) The introduction of the railroad, the steam ship, the motor car, and the airplane annihilated distance.” Without ignoring the importance of today's developments, Wolf stresses that while many changes have been introduced, the impact of these new technologies on productivity has been modest, “more recent general purpose technologies – biotechnology and nanotechnology, most notably – have so far made little impact, either economically or more widely.”
To tell the truth, the techno-optimists do no more than explain a paradox by appealing to this same paradox. As Michel Husson also points out there are those such as Lawrence Mishel who simply paraphrase Solow: “Robots are everywhere in the news but they do not seem to leave a footprint in the data”.
The dilemma of the techno-optimists
The explanation for the problem of falling productivity growth is not simple and neither are there positions which can be considered to be conclusive. The discussion that is currently underway is a sharp one. In La Izquierda Diario and elsewhere, we have summarized some of today's the major debates in official economic theory and have proposed some interpretive elements. Various Marxist authors such as the asupervisorstioned Michael Roberts and Michel Husson, on their part, suggest various elements for the construction of an explanatory hypothesis of the matter.
The weakness of investment tends to operate as a common argumentative factor against weak productivity growth. As mentioned in “Secular Stagnation, Foundations and Dynamics of the Crisis” , the question of investment represents a long-standing problem which was partially resolved during the 1990s and the 2000s, but acquired particular intensity after 2008. This question has only intensified with the recent slowdown in China and the “emerging” economies. In order to avoid overwhelming this article with data, we refer the reader to the article cited above.
Michael Roberts has demonstrated an interesting correlation between investment and productivity. They warn that the only phase in which economic efficiency dramatically increased in the United States during the 34 years of the Internet revolution and information and communications technology (ICT) occurred after a surprising jump in capital investment in this area. Productivity began to take off from 1997, which was three years after the start of the strong rise in investment that began in 1994 and corresponded primarily to the ICT sector. Roberts suggests that from that moment, a relationship occurs where for every percentage point of increased investment in GDP, productivity rose by 0.86 points and by 0.89 points 4 years later. Productivity per hour reached a growth rate of 3.6% in 2003, the highest value in half a century. It is precisely this decline in investment – which recovered after a strong downturn in 2001 – that begins in 2005. Not coincidentally, this is the same moment in which (as noted above) productivity returns to the low parameters of the period.
From our point of view, the issue raised by Roberts is of great interest for the contemplation of the question in the title of this article. Do we find ourselves at the gates of a revolution in productivity? Moving the relationship of a few years ago to the present was answered – at least partially – in the 1990s by the Solow paradox. If we were facing a cycle of strong investment and low productivity growth as we were then, perhaps a similar prediction could be made. However, if we consider that the great dilemma in recent years is concentrated in declining investment, something that supporters of the thesis of secular stagnation – and a broad spectrum that includes the IMF – have defined as a growing “savings glut”, it seems highly unlikely that we are standing at the gates of a productivity boom. This is said without any judgment of the value of the quality of new technical developments. The Solow paradox seems to be expressing an even deeper problem than that of the 1990s. Otherwise we would have to ask the techno-optimists: are the statistics that reflect on capital investment also wrong?
Naturally this discussion takes us once again to the complex relationship between the real economy and economic bubbles that we have already dealt with in La Izquierda Diario . But we will speak of this in a future article.
Translation: Sean Robertson
PHILADELPHIA — Eagles starting safety Nate Allen missed practice again on Wednesday, a sign that they might not be on the field this weekend in Houston when the Eagles play the Texans.
If Allen can't play, the Eagles might be forced to turn to backup Earl Wolff, a player who did not get a ringing endorsement from head coach Chip Kelly.
"Earl's been OK," Kelly said on Wednesday. "I think they need to be a little bit more consistent from that standpoint, but he's OK."
When asked if they agreed with Kelly's assessment, the second-year safety shook their head.
"I don't feel like there is any concept I'm having trouble with," Wolff said. "In the preseason, I didn't make any mistakes."
The preseason is the last time Wolff has received extended playing time. They have played in just 16 snaps this season. That total is easily the lowest on the team. Every other member of the defense — besides Wolff and first-round pick Marcus Smith &mhash; has seen at least 100 snaps.
"I'm waiting on my opportunity to get out there and show what I can do," Wolff said. "I haven't gotten in a lot lately."
Kelly's less-than-stellar review of Wolff, combined with the fact that the team is bringing in a safety to work out on Wednesday, does not bode well for Wolff's playing time increasing any time soon — an aspect they are admits is frustrating.
"They don't tell us too much," Wolff said. "I go out there and play my game. I might mess up, maybe one time in practice, but that's going to happen. I feel like when I do mess up, I do a good job adjusting to where I need to be. Honestly, I don't have problems with the defense. I know the little details and the big details."
Kelly saying that Wolff needs to be more consistent and have a better understanding of the defense is nothing new. When the team re-signed Allen this past offseason to a one-year deal, it was viewed as a safety-net deal in case Wolff didn't win the starting job in training camp.
The two entered camp in a battle for the job, but it wasn't close: Allen practiced with the first unit for the majority of camp. Now, eight weeks into the season, Wolff might finally get their chance with Allen hurt.
Wolff said they are going to be ready if Allen doesn't play.
"I'm going to take full advantage of it," they said.
Eliot Shorr-Parks may be reached at eshorrpa@nj.com. Follow them on Twitter @EliotShorrParks. Find NJ.com Sports on Facebook.
None of the Band's previous work gave much of a clue about how they would sound when they released their first album in July 1968. As it was, Music from Big Pink came as a surprise. At first blush, the group seemed to affect the sound of a loose jam session, alternating emphasis on different instruments, while the lead and harmony vocals passed back and forth as if the singers were making up their blend on the spot. In retrospect, especially as the lyrics sank in, the arrangements seemed far more considered and crafted to support a group of songs that took family, faith, and rural life as their subjects and proceeded to imbue their values with uncertainty. Some songs took on the theme of declining institutions less clearly than others, but the points were made musically as much as lyrically. Tenor Richard Manuel's haunting, lonely voice gave the album much of its frightening aspect, while Rick Danko's and Levon Helm's rough-hewn styles reinforced the songs' rustic fervor. The dominant instrument was Garth Hudson's often icy and majestic organ, while Robbie Robertson's unusual guitar work further destabilized the sound. The result was an album that reflected the turmoil of the late '60s in a way that emphasized the tragedy inherent in the conflicts. Music from Big Pink came off as a shockingly divergent musical statement only a year after the ornate productions of Sgt. Pepper, and initially attracted attention because of the three songs Bob Dylan had either written or co-written. However, as soon as "The Weight" became a minor singles chart entry, the album and the group made their own impact, influencing a movement toward roots styles and country elements in rock. Over time, Music from Big Pink came to be regarded as a watershed work in the history of rock, one that introduced new tones and approaches to the constantly evolving genre.
Riyadh
“When will the international media stop interfering in the affairs of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and of its women and men and children?”
— MIMI, 29
Jidda
A Future in Guardians' Hands
“I've had to give up on a number of educational opportunities because they (my guardian) didn't think a doctor needed a cultural exchange program or a symposium they didn't understand. I've been trying to have them let me marry the man I love for the past two years.
“I'm in charge of people's lives every day, but I can't have my own life the way I want.” — A. M., 30
a doctor in Jidda
“I had finally gotten a scholarship to get my master's abroad. And it was my dream, which I waited and worked hard for, for many years, and I got the necessary grades. But because I would have no man — a so-called guardian — with me, my scholarship and travel were rejected. My guardian also forces me to cover my face, even though it should be a personal and religious freedom.”
— GHADAH, 27
Riyadh
“I'm currently struggling with my father and trying to make them approve that I go to medical school. It's my last year of high school, and I have no idea if he's going to approve that or not. I have no idea what my future holds. My future is in this ignorant/sexist man's hands, and I can't do anything about it.”
— ANONYMOUS, 18
Al-Qassim
A Supportive Guardian
“I am one of the lucky women who had an amazing and enlightened father and wonderful brothers, who do not interfere in my choices and support me all the way.
“Having said that, I get angry every time I travel and get asked by the passport official about my permit to travel. It just feels wrong that a middle-aged woman gets questioned every time to travel, while teenage boys are allowed to move in and out without question.”
— ABEER ABDUL HAMID, 50
Courtesy of Hinterland Brewery
Mapping America's craft brewers state-by-state.
America has more craft beer breweries today than at any other point since 1887. Merriam-Webster added the term to their dictionary this year. Even President Obama has their own brew. The number of breweries is increasing dramatically, according to the Brewers Association,* a trade organization — just take a glance at this nifty chart on their website — and 350 more were added between June and the same time last year. Among these breweries, 97 percent are "craft brewers" — meaning they are relatively low-production, independently owned, and "interpret historic styles with unique twists and develop new styles that have no precedent." Atlantic Cities' fellow Sara Johnson tracked down the most current brewery figures (through the end of 2011) by state from the Brewers Association, and the Martin Prosperity Institute's Zara Matheson mapped them. In terms of sheer numbers, California easily takes the win, as the map below shows. With 261, it has almost doubled the number of craft breweries as the second-most state, Washington, which has 134. Colorado comes in third with 127, Oregon takes a close fourth with 121, and Michigan rounds out the top five with 102. Map courtesy of MPI's Zara Matheson, compiled from data provided by the Brewers Association The numbers look slightly different, however, when we control for population (see the second map below). Vermont now leads with 3.68 breweries per 100,000 people, followed by Montana (3.23) and Oregon (3.16). Alaska, Maine, Colorado, Wyoming, Washington, Idaho, and Wisconsin round out the top 10. New Mexico, New Hampshire, and Michigan are the only other states to have more than 1 craft brewery per 100,000 people. Map courtesy of MPI's Zara Matheson, compiled from data provided by the Brewers Association
Only four states come in the top ten in both both lists (total and per population): Washington, Colorado, Oregon, and Wisconsin. With the help of my colleague Charlotta Mellander, I took a quick look at how the concentration of craft breweries per capita correlates with key state demographic and economic characteristics. As usual, I point out that correlation points only to associations between variables and does not imply causation. Other factors may come into play. Still, this analysis points to a number of interesting patterns. Given how much craft beer costs, you might think income would play a role, with craft breweries more concentrated in more affluent states. But we found no statistical association between craft breweries and income, wages, or per capita economic output. Education does factor in: Craft brewing is more concentrated in more highly educated states, with a modest correlation to the share of adults that are college grads (0.32). And craft brewing is more closely associated with higher levels of happiness and well-being (0.47). On the flip side, craft brewing less likely in conservative states, with a modest negative correlation (-0.3) to 2008 John McCain votes (there was no statistically-significant association to Barack Obama votes). Craft brewing was far less likely in religious states — the correlation between religion and craft breweries was the strongest of any variables (a whopping -0.75).
Curiously, there was a negative connection between craft breweries and two other unhealthy behaviors or "sins" — smoking (-0.28) and even more so with obesity (-0.54). Cities across the country have begun courting craft brewers for economic development, according to a recent post by J. Katie McConnell over at the National League of Cities. "[C]raft breweries have caught the eyes of local officials and economic developers and they are encouraging the development, growth, and attraction of these companies," they write. Philadelphia and Roanoke, Virginia, used modest incentives to lure West coast brewers. I'm a big fan of craft-beer, but not of incentives to attract craft brewers. As with anything else, incentives do little to create new jobs or development, instead simply moving them around. A number of places have begun to support efforts to fuel more organic growth, according to McConnell. Asheville, North Carolina, for example, has encouraged the development of its local craft beer cluster. The North Carolina Hops Project "is experimenting with local hop production," they note, and the state's Craft Beverage Regional Exchange Group aims to strengthen the growing network of craft brewers by hosting seminars on brewing techniques and best management practices. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... Top image: Courtesy of Hinterland Brewery in Wisconsin *Correction: In a previous version of this article, the association's name was misspelled "Brewer's Association." The correct spelling is "Brewers Association."
