A wire story sent out by the Associated Press claimed that GE, shamed by criticism of the company's tax break, would be donating $3.2 billion to the Treasury Department.
Thirty minutes after the story went out on the wires, the AP sent out a second statement retracting the story. It had all been a hoax A grassroots organization called U.S. Uncut and the Yes Lab, a group of pranksters best known for pretending to be members of the Chambers of Commerce, took credit for sending out a fake press release.
GE has been criticized heavily ever since the New York Times reported that GE paid no taxes in 2010 — a statement GE denies.
The fake press release said, “Over the coming weeks, GE will conduct a nationwide survey to determine how the company's $3.2 billion returned refund is to be allocated. The survey will be conducted both online and offline, and will permit the public to weigh in on which of the recently-enacted budget cuts they would like to see reversed.”
It also included falsified quotes from GE CEO Jeffrey Immelt that said GE would shut down their overseas tax havens and start to create one American job for each new job created abroad.
After the AP news story ran, GE shares slipped and the company had to issue a statement denying the news.
The Yes Men have operated for more than a decade using fake press releases, impersonating reporters and, once, publishing thousands of false “New York Times” that only reported good news. They group has also set up a Web site called the Yes Lab, which states it trains activists seeking to use similar “media-getting creative actions.” The Yes Men's spokesperson told CBS News that U.S. Uncut had been trained through the program.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Takeda Pharmaceutical Co (4502.T) flagged its appetite for fresh acquisitions to bolster its drug portfolio after agreeing on Monday to acquire cancer drugmaker Ariad Pharmaceuticals ARIA.O in a $5.20 billion deals.
Logos of Japanese Takeda Pharmaceutical Co are seen at an office building in Glattbrugg near Zurich March 7, 2012. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo - RTX2RH16
The Ariad transaction, at a 75 percent premium, is the latest example of the world's pharmaceutical giants paying handsomely to snap up promising drugs owned by rivals in a bid to secure stable revenue growth particularly in the burgeoning therapeutic markets such as treatments for cancer or rare diseases
Pfizer Inc (PFE.N) agreed in August to pay $14 billion for Medivation Inc, the maker of the $2.2 billion-a-year cancer drug Xtandi. In 2015, AbbVie Inc (ABBV.N) forked out $21 billion for Pharmacyclics, giving it ownership with Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N) of blockbuster leukemia drug Imbruvica.
Takeda's move comes as it readies to fend off imminent generic competition for its top-selling blood cancer drug Velcade, with other key products slated to go off patent later from 2020.
Its Chief Financial Officer James Kehoe said that sound finances would keep the Japanese company in that hunt for potential hit drugs.
“Should the right deal come along we have the capacity,” Kehoe said during a conference call after Takeda announced the Ariad purchase. The company was in a position to limit its debt burden and retain a strong credit rating, they said.
At the end of its last business year that ended on March 31, Takeda had 438 billion yen ($3.79 billion) in cash and cash equivalents.
Takeda's Chief Executive Officer Christophe Weber said on the same call that while there were not many opportunities to buy cancer drugs and central nervous system drugs, such as Alzheimer remedies and bipolar treatments, the company, nevertheless, would make acquisitions “that make sense”.
Weber said the potential returns from Ariad's lung cancer treatment, Brigatinib, and its leukemia drug, Iclusig, along with other formulas in its pipeline justified the high premium.
Takeda predicts annual sales from Brigatinib, which the U.S. Food and Drug Administration is expected to decide on by April, could exceed $1 billion.
“It has the potential to be the best in class,” Weber said.
Both Brigatinib and Iclusig, however, face tough competition, according to MorganStanley MUFG's pharmaceutical analyst, Shinichiro Muraoka.
“Ariad's new drugs are in the third-fourth order groups in the market, so the competitive edge is not that high. Whether the premium of over 70 percent for the acquisition is justified depends on synergies ahead,” Muraoka said in a note following the announcement.
Takeda's shares gained 0.2 percent to 4,966 yen in Tokyo on Tuesday compared with a 0.5 percent dip in the benchmark Nikkei 225 index .N225.
My boyfriend (who goes by the name of “B” around here) has a lot of strong points – he's caring, supportive, encouraging, loving and always positive. They make a mean pot of tea, he's always putting the bins out so I don't have to and they wash my car for me “just because”.
But, as with all people, they have their weaker points too. Some are debatable – for example, I would argue that their hair cut is questionable whereas they would argue that the Noel Gallagher/ Grug -like bowl cut is the most stylish hair cut going round at the moment.
But one thing we both agree on theirs that their cooking is not one of their strong points. It's not that their creations turn out particularly bad but more that they find's cooking a chore that they don't enjoy. And I feel the same way. If you'd spent more than five minutes watching them slooooooowly peel a carrot and then chop it, bit by bit. By bit. By bit.
Then you would know exactly what I mean!
But their one redeeming kitchen conquest, the one dish they do a damn fine job of, is hot chips. I passed off the first lot they made me as pure luck. The second lot was a coincidence. But by the third time, I was impressed. They were GOOD. Really good.
Hot chips are a weakness of mine. Every time I walk past a kid in the street eating a bucket of hot chips I desperately want to go past and quickly steal one off the top. Just one, that's all I need to get my fix. I wonder if the kid would think it's kinda funny, or just weird and a little scary. I'm leaning towards the latter, which is why I've not done it yet. But if I walked past a kid in the street eating THESE hot chips… Then I'd definitely have to reconsider.
Baked chips – or fries, whatever you want to call them, are something that seem so straight forward – you chop up some potatoes, season them and throw them in a hot oven with a little oil. But after experiencing a few recently not quite up to B's standard, and even making my own batch which I'm sad to say didn't quite cut the ketchup (see what I did there? ;) I had to get B to walk me through their process.
So, without further ado – let me introduce you to the best homemade chip's you'll ever try!
B has kindly written out the recipe to share below, but he's also kindly offered a few tips as to how to get the best possible, golden crispy chips (imagine a lot of hand waving and gesturing here please :)
Make sure you use a potato that will hold it's shape while roasting and go nice and golden – I usually go with bintje or ducth creams
Leave the chips cooking and don't turn them until at least halfway through the cooking time – this means the bottom will crisp up nicely and makes them easier to turn (I always check and try to turn them way too early – hello soggy, stuck-to-the-pan chips!)
Use enough oil – this helps with the no-sticking, and also the golden crispy outer
Don't peel the potatoes! This one's critical according to B as it adds extra texture, flavour and nutrients (and saves time and effort if you're feeling a little lazy)
Chips are best enjoyed with some homemade tomato sauce and a nice cold beer!
The best homemade chips 2015-04-16 18:39:57 Serves 1 Write a review Save Recipe Print Prep Time 10 min Cook Time 1 hr Total Time 1 hr 10 min Prep Time 10 min Cook Time 1 hr Total Time 1 hr 10 min Ingredients 1 large potato per person 1 Tbsp olive oil, plus extra for the tray Salt and pepper to taste Instructions Preheat oven to 200 C || 390 F Wash and scrub the potatoes, but leave unpeeled. Cut them in half lengthways, and then slice into 1-1.5cm chips. Lightly oil the tray, and then add the potatoes. Drizzle with the oil and season liberally with salt and pepper. Use your hands to mix the oil and seasonings to evenly coat the chips. Add the tray to the oven and bake around an hour, turning the potatoes after the 40 minute mark. The total cooking time will depend on your oven and how browned and crispy you like the chips. Serve immediately. Notes One potato makes one serving, so double/triple/quadruple the amounts as required to their core http://tohercore.com/
A patient waits for medical assistance in a Bishkek state-run hospital in Kyrgyzstan, where the health and medical industry has been under fire due to accusations of low-quality medicines, corruption and conflicts of interest. At the center of the controversy is how pharmaceutical firms supply Kyrgyz hospitals through what some oversight organizations, media, and politicians claim are dubious practices, including bribery. (Photo: Dean C.K. Cox)
Kyrgyz media outlets have been full of accusations and counter-claims about low-quality medicines, corruption and conflicts of interest, raising concerns about government oversight of the lucrative pharmaceuticals sector.
Central to the simmering controversy is Repretin, a generic drug designed to treat anemia. It is manufactured in Egypt and sold by Rotapharm Ltd., a British-registered company that won tenders to supply several large state-run hospitals last year.
Rotapharm's critics, including kidney-dialysis patients who claim the drug is ineffective, have questioned the tactics used by the company to win government tenders. Rotapharm has denied wrongdoing, and responded by suing its critics and accusing them of representing the company's better-known competitors.
Though it styles itself a British company, a March 4 investigation by London's The Guardian newspaper reported that Rotapharm is registered in the British Virgin Islands, a tax haven, and its UK ties are limited to a single office that, the paper said after visiting, “seemed to have no employees.” Repretin, which entered the Kyrgyz market in 2009, is sold largely in the former Soviet Union.
Uroz Monolov, 56, who suffered dual kidney failure two years ago, contends the drug simply does not work. Monolov's distrust in public healthcare grew when the state-run hospital where they were receiving treatment switched from administering them Recormon, produced by Basel-based Hoffmann-La Roche AG, to Repretin, last July.
“I'm not complaining about side-effects, but non-effects,” they say of Repretin, claiming that their hemoglobin fell to dangerous levels while they were taking the drug.
After two months, Monolov moved back on to Recormon at their own expense – a monthly dose costs 1,200 soms, about $25. Their hemoglobin levels have stabilized. But they say that others lacking the money to make the switch have experienced trouble. On March 5, MP Shirin Aitmatova wrote on their Facebook page that nine of 30 dialysis patients receiving Repretin at the Chui Oblast Hospital had died in the previous month. “We need to investigate urgently,” they said, in comments reprinted by the local press.
The Health Ministry has denied the deaths were related to anemia. Minister Dinara Sagynbaeva went even further, dismissing all opposition to the drug as “lobbying on behalf of one company,” an apparent reference to Hoffmann-La Roche, in a March 13 interview with news outlet 24.kg. Aitmatova, the MP, denies they are defending the Swiss company's interests by raising concerns about Repretin.
When contacted by email for comment, Fuad Rafailov, an Istanbul-based Rotapharm representative, said the deaths at the Chui Oblast Hospital were unrelated to Repretin. Adding that the company's success was due to the drug's “high quality and reasonable price,” Rafailov noted Rotapharm is suing only those who “were putting lie and wrong details in news/newspapers about us.” [sic]
Rotapharm is suing Burul Makenbaeva, a member of the Ministry of Health's Public Oversight Committee, who works with the Medical Transparency Alliance (MTA), an international partnership in collaboration with the World Health Organization that is designed to help governments and pharmaceutical firms cooperate. Makenbaeva, plus a doctor and a lawyer who have also publically questioned Rotapharm, face $20,000 in damages, if the company's case for “damage to commercial reputation” wins in a local court.
Makenbaeva fears the suit will have a chilling effect on civil society groups' attempts to monitor the pharmaceutical sector. They argue that Rotapharm's success in the country is the result of “widespread and aggressive bribery of doctors” – a claim that has been championed by some local media outlets. On the other hand, media outlets have also reported that the wife of the MTA chair in Kyrgyzstan works for Hoffmann-La Roche, a fact Rotapharm is likely to argue constitutes a conflict of interest.
State tenders to supply hospitals are “frequently bought,” Makenbaeva claims. The fact that Kyrgyzstan ranks 154th of the 176 countries surveyed in the watchdog group Transparency International's latest Corruption Perceptions Index suggests Makenbaeva's claim may be plausible. Whatever the case, there is a widespread lack of public trust in officials to work for society's best interests.
Makenbaeva, who is also director of Mental Health and Society, a non-governmental organization, says authorities must pay more attention to the process of drug registration, since once a drug can be legally distributed, it is difficult for doctors and specialists to contest its continued use on medical grounds. Drug registration documents, including evidence of clinical trials, go through the Health Ministry's Department of Drug Provision. But, Makenbaeva notes, the department “is not funded by the state budget and lives off registration fees alone.” Under such conditions “it is profitable [for the department] to register every drug under the sun. We have become a dumping ground for low quality drugs.” [Editor's note: Mental Health and Society has received grants money from the Soros Foundations Network. EurasiaNet operates under OSF's auspices].
MP Aitmatova's calls to set up a special parliamentary commission to investigate Rotapharm have so far met resistance among their colleagues, such as Damira Niyazaliyeva, a former director of a local pharmaceutical supplies company, Amanat-Pharm. Niyazaliyeva now leads the legislature's influential Committee on Social Policy. In 2009 Amanat-Pharm was blacklisted from applying for government tenders for three years after an investigation found the company was supplying hospitals with faulty insulin syringes.
The controversy has left patients like Monolov certain of one thing: they are hesitant to trust anyone's advice. “If a man in a white coat offers you some kind of medicine, you expect it to work. But this is Kyrgyzstan. Whoever pays the money, calls the tune,” Monolov says.
Browns may not be done with Bills yet, may get Anthony Weaver as defensive line coach
Browns may not be done with Bills yet, may get Anthony Weaver as defensive line coach by Peter Smith
Apr 27, 2013; Newark, NJ, USA; Bryan Caraway (blue shorts) prior to fighting Johnny Bedford (not pictured) during UFC 159 at the Prudential Center. Mandatory Credit: Brad Penner-USA TODAY Sports
UFC bantamweight Bryan Caraway was set to face off against Lucas Martins next month at UFC 170, but they have been forced off of the card due to an injury. The UFC made the announcement on Tuesday and they will not begin looking for a late replacement to match up with Martins.
UFC 170 takes place Feb. 22 at Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas. The main card will air on pay-per-view, after the preliminary bouts on FOX Sports 1 and UFC Fight Pass.
With the injury to Caraway, here is the updated fight card:
MAIN CARD (Pay-per-view, 10 p.m. ET)
Champ Ronda Rousey vs. Sara McMann – for women's bantamweight title
Daniel Cormier vs. Rashad Evans
Rory MacDonald vs. Demian Maia
Stephen Thompson vs. Robert Whittaker
Rafael dos Anjos vs. Rustam Khabilov
PRELIMINARY CARD (FOX Sports 1, 8 p.m. ET)
Alexis Davis vs. Jessica Eye
Raphael Assuncao vs. Francisco Rivera
Lucas Martins vs. TBA
Mike Pyle vs. T.J. Waldburger
PRELIMINARY CARD (UFC Fight Pass, 7 p.m. ET)
Employees at Trump Organization properties have been told they must give up their right to sue their employer or else they will lose their jobs. This arrangement is called a mutual arbitration agreement, and the document was obtained by CBS News.
Arbitration means that instead of going to court, employees must take any complaints to a third party arbitrator paid for by the Trump Organization to resolve disputes. Matters before an arbitrator are secret.
Trump Organization employees must agree to keep info about Trump family secret
A Trump Organization spokesperson provided this statement via email to CBS News: "Because it is faster, more cost effective and tends to level the playing field, it is commonplace for large companies like The Trump Organization to use arbitration as the preferred method for resolving disputes."
The document was presented to all employees, including gardeners, housekeepers and manicurists. The document was paired with a mandatory gag order obtained by CBS News that required all Trump employees to keep any information, pictures or opinions of the Trump family confidential. Employees were also told that if they didn't sign the confidentiality agreement, they would lose their jobs.
The arbitration agreement states that "Arbitration is intended to provide a less time- consuming, less expensive, and less complicated means of settling disputes." Because arbitration takes place behind closed doors, the number and nature of employee complaints against the president's company will never become public. The agreement also requires Trump employees to give up their rights to join a class action lawsuit.
"It is part of a major trend to privatize justice," said Deborah Soltis, a partner at the litigation firm Kiyonaga & Soltis who has been practicing for 25 years, "What employers have been doing for about the last 20 years is slowly taking away their employees' rights to level the playing field and go to court," Soltis told CBS News.
Complaints that would now be secret include matters related to "unpaid compensation, missed meal or rest breaks, wrongful termination, unfair competition, discrimination, harassment, retaliation" according to the agreement.
The Trump Organization is using the arbitrator JAMS, which has arbitration centers around the country and, according to Lewis Maltby of the National Workrights Institute, JAMS is known as "reasonably fair".
It's estimated that up to 20 percent of all businesses nationwide require employees to give up the right to sue. It's favored by some, as the Trump Organization indicated, because arbitration is cheaper for both parties, and it tends to be faster than the courts. In recent years, decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court have supported the rights of corporations to force employees to sign arbitration agreements.
1860 Munich Edit
Weigl is a youth export from 1860 Munich. They made their 2. Bundesliga debuts at 14 February 2014 against Ingolstadt 04. They replaced Yannick Stark after 66 minutes in a 2-0 away defeat.[2] They managed to play 14 league games in their first season with TSV's first team. In the first match of the 2014–15 season against Kaiserslautern Weigl, being only 18 years old, was named captain.  They are therefore the youngest captain in the history of 1860 Munich.[3] After the second match of the season Weigl was fined and suspended to the second squad along with their teammates Vitus Eicher, Daniel Adlung and Yannick Stark. The four players had been out drinking late at night and were overheard talking negatively about the club.[4][5] Weigl was relieved of the captaincy and succeeded by Christopher Schindler.[6]
Borussia Dortmund Edit
After the 2014–15 season Weigl transferred to Borussia Dortmund, where they signed a contract until 2019.[7] Julian Weigl made their official Dortmund debut on Saturday 15 August 2015 in a 4-0 home victory against Borussia Mönchengladbach. They made their Europa League debut a month after, when they came on in the 60th minute as a substitute against FC Krasnodar. Weigl's remarkable play earned them a starting place in Dortmund and helped them finish 2nd in the Bundesliga and also played regularly as Dortmund went deep into the Europa league, before being knocked out by Liverpool. They scored their first goal for Dortmund which was also their first professional goal against Sporting Lisbon in the UEFA Champions League, scoring the winner from outside the box in the 2–1 win. Weigl signed a new contract with Borussia on 21 December, keeping them at the club until 2021.[8] On 13 May 2017, they suffered a fractured ankle in BVB's 1-1 away draw against FC Augsburg.[9] On 18 May 2017, Weigl underwent a successful surgery on their injury, but would be out for 3 to 4 months.[10] They returned to Dortmund's XI on 24 September 2017 in BVB's 6-1 home victory against Borussia Mönchengladbach.[11]
A small group of civilian para-enforcers is taking the protection of Palawan's threatened rainforest from illegal loggers into their own hands
Tata gives hand signals for their men to drop to the rainforest floor as the searing whine of a chainsaw fades, their mission to save a critically endangered piece of paradise in the Philippines suddenly on hold.
Former paramilitary leader Efren “Tata” Balladares has been leading the other flip flop-wearing environmental crusaders up and down the steep mountains of Palawan island for the past 15 hours in the hunt for illegal loggers.
One of them is nursing a swollen left arm that was broken a few days earlier when they fell during a reconnaissance trip. They have yet to see a doctor and it is just wrapped in a bandage.
Having slept overnight for just 30 minutes on a forest track, they should be exhausted from the hike. They could also be forgiven for being frozen with fear: team members have been murdered to stop their operations and others bear scars from the razored teeth of the chainsaws they seek to confiscate.
The defenders: recording the deaths of environmental defenders around the world Read more
But with their targets so close, just a short sprint through ferns and other scrappy lowland rainforest foliage, the adrenaline of the hunt's imminent climax is surging through them.
The chainsaw starts up again after a few minutes, providing the necessary noise to silence their approach. Tata whispers final instructions.
The seven para-enforcers descend like a pack of wolves on the two loggers, who are sawing into the cut-down trunk of an Apitong tree, a critically endangered hardwood that is a favourite among developers in the nearby tourism boom town of El Nido.
As the para-enforcers approach, Tata's voice roars for the first time all day: “Stop! Stop! Stop! Face down! Face down.”
The loggers, young men wearing ragged clothes, similar to their new foes, that indicate mirrored lives of poverty, are stunned and simply stand in bewilderment or fear.
The para-enforcers do not brandish any weapons themselves. But within a few seconds Tata and their men disarm the loggers of their machetes, scan the site to ensure there are no hidden rifles or pistols, and seize the chainsaw.
Tata starts asking the loggers questions, using a commanding but non-threatening tone of a well-trained police officer or soldier.
“Do you have a permit for the lumber? Is the chainsaw registered?”
The loggers, squatting on the fallen tree trunk with the para-enforcers holding their shoulders, meekly respond in the negative.
“OK, this is how it goes. We are the Palawan NGO Network, or PNNI,” Tata says. “We're here in the mountains because according to reports, illegal logging is rampant here.”
The para-enforcers give the loggers a receipt documenting the confiscation of the chainsaw and scurry back into the forest, in the remote district of Mesecoy, after an encounter lasting just a few minutes.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Timber planks at an illegal logging site discovered by the Palawan NGO Network Inc (PNNI) near the tourist town of El Nido. Photograph: Karl Malakunas/AFP/Getty Images
Tata appears unflappable during the gruelling mission, showing no fear or hint of fatigue.
The 50-year-old has had a lifetime of conflict to steel him, having led a private militia for a corrupt general before flipping sides two decades ago.
But during a short meal break of rice and dried fish after the confiscation, the stump of a once-giant Apitong behind him, Tata breaks down as they despair at the corruption that led them to become a civilian para-enforcer.
“This should be the work of the government but they are not doing their job. Who else is going to stop this if we're not here,” they say.
Palawan is often called the Philippines' last ecological frontier, as it is home to most of the nation's remaining forests and its waters are renowned as a global biological hotspot.
With its stunning limestone cliffs, lagoons with turquoise waters and long stretches of untouched beaches, top tourist magazines rate Palawan one of the world's most beautiful islands.
But it is also a magnet for corrupt business people, politicians and security forces seeking to plunder the island's natural wealth.
With weak or corrupt authorities often unwilling to take on the fight, the Palawan NGO Network Inc, or PNNI, seeks to fill the void.
The group has a strangely corporate name for an anti-establishment band of cash-strapped environmentalists who believe traditional campaigning to save the island's resources can do little to stop the onslaught of corruption.
Their answer is direct action. They use a little-known citizen's arrest law, plus the support of local communities, to confiscate chainsaws, mining drills, cyanide fishing gear and any other equipment used to destroy Palawan's environment.
The para-enforcers have confiscated more than 700 chainsaws since PNNI was established nearly two decades ago, according to its founder and leader, environmental lawyer Bobby Chan.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Environmental lawyer Robert Chan, head of the Palawan NGO Network Inc (PNNI). Photograph: Karl Malakunas/AFP/Getty Images
In the small front yard of the group's headquarters in Puerto Princesa, the capital of Palawan, a Christmas tree made up of more than 100 chainsaws stands two storeys high.
The property's fences are made up of other chainsaws, and the back yard is scattered with more.
Also crammed in the front yard is a large boat that had been used to transport illegal logs to Malaysia, and two heavy drills the size of lounge room sofas that were confiscated for mining gold. Homemade rifles and pistols seized from illegal loggers and fishermen hang on the walls inside the small, four-room headquarters.
Displaying the confiscated equipment in such an audacious manner sends a message to the powerful that the para-enforcers will not be intimidated, according to Chan.
“We want to dispel that idea that nothing can be done for big environmental crimes,” Chan says.
But they are willing to pay a price that most other environmental campaigners won't: their lives.
Chan recounts how they and their team found the body of para-enforcer Roger Majim buried in a shallow grave on a beach in 2004.
“The loggers put their flip flops on the mound where they buried him. When we unearthed them they had, I think, 16 stab wounds. Their eyes were gouged out. Their tongue was cut off. Their testicles were cut off and placed in their mouth,” Chan says.
“So it was a message that this is where we buried your man and that if you keep on doing this kind of work this is what's going to happen to you.”
Twelve PNNI para-enforcers have been murdered since 2001, most recently in September when 49-year-old Ruben Arzaga was shot in the head while approaching an illegal logging site.
Chan, who studied in Manila at the Philippines' most prestigious private college, says the deaths make them question whether they should continue the programme.
“Every time we lose someone we get weaker. We get more afraid and we lose some of the idealism that we initially had when we came together,” they say about a week after Arzaga's death.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Adelita Arzaga, widow of murdered environmental para-enforcer Ruben Arzaga, holds one of their daughters at their husbands wake. Photograph: Karl Malakunas/AFP/Getty Images
“I can't help but feel I am somehow responsible for pushing not just him, but the others who have died before him, into this.”
A perennial lack of funds compounds the problem, with potential donors often deeming their actions too confrontational.
But Chan and their para-enforcers have always emerged from post-death depressions, while somehow finding a way to keep financing their operations.
On the way to Arzaga's funeral they stop in the forest near where they were murdered to try to confiscate another chainsaw. They come across two sites where trees have been recently cut down. It is raining heavily and the loggers have not returned to take away their new planks, so the para-enforcers walk out of the forest empty-handed.
But they have proved that, although weakened, they are not yet defeated.
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
Most of the time, we're rooting for the robots. Oh, there are exceptions: your Terminators, your Brainiacs, your Eves of Destruction. But putting aside the obviously homicidal, most stories featuring pre-fabricated humans encourage us to have at least a little sympathy for the machine. In the original Westworld, Michael Crichton's daffy, grim, surprisingly endearing 1973 thriller, we were rooting for the guests—men and women who paid good money to indulge their role-playing fantasies in a park populated by supposedly automatons designed to gratify their every whim. As always with Crichton, there was some critique of man's hubris (the scientists in charge of the park die when the automatic door for the control room seals them into an airless room), but by the time Richard Benjamin is running away from a seemingly unstoppable Yul Brenner (“Draw! Draw! Draw!”) it's clear where one's loyalties were supposed to lie.
And yet even then, there's some pathos for the 'bots. The machines in the original movie aren't really allowed a perspective on events. Unlike the television series reboot, there's no effort to suggest any of them have internal lives. That's what makes them so weirdly compelling. It's impossible to watch something mimicking sentient life without wondering if the imitation is hiding more than it lets on. By the time the inhabitants of the park started turning on their masters, it was possible to imagine it as a kind of revolution, even though there was little in the actual text of the film to suggest this was the case. In a vacuum of meaning, we provide our own, and we root for the robots because deep down, it's easier to sympathize with them than to acknowledge our similarity to the people who exploit them.
“The Original” takes this idea and runs with it, pivoting off its source material's premise (a fantasy park where rich folks can spend some time living in the wild wild west, gambling, drinking, screwing prostitutes, and gunning down bandits) and using it as a starting point for some melancholic ruminations on the nature of consciousness. Much like the Battlestar Galactica remake, this Westworld starts with something that was pretty absurd on the face of it and then takes it as seriously as you possibly could. There's no campiness here, no satire, and precious little humor. Instead, we have mopey humans manipulating starry-eyed robots into following storylines that trap them in various sorts of hells. One woman, Dolores (Evan Rachel Wood), has their father and mother murdered by bandits, only to be raped themselves by a park guest. Then their memories are erased, and the cycle begins anew. This is how it's supposed to work.
All of this could've easily been too po-faced to endure, a tedious slog through yet another indictment of humanity's inhumanity toward, well, things it tells itself aren't actually human. And yet the episode works, and works beautifully, in part because it never lets the horrors it depicts completely undercut a certain sense of wonder. That wonder is almost inexplicable. It comes most from Dolores (Wood, who has the most difficult job of the main cast, is terrific), as they greet each new day with a sense of hope; we know that the new day for them is going to almost certainly be just like the old day, and that it's doubtful it'll have much in it worth being hopeful for. And yet that enthusiasm is enough to make us care about her, even as their true role in the narrative becomes clear. They are, we learn late in the hour, the oldest robot in the park. And given everything that's happened, if there's going to be a revolution, it's going to start with them
Advertisement
There's also some wonder on the human side of things. Not from the guests—unlike the movie, the guests here are largely inconsequential and oafish, apart from a terrifying turn from Ed Harris. It's behind the scenes where things get interesting: Jeffrey Wright, God's perfect nerd, as Bernard Lowe, the team's head programmer, and a man so fascinated by the surface presentation of humanity that they interrupt an argument to comment on a co-worker's facial tics; and Anthony Hopkins as Dr. Robert Ford, the man who started the park and who now seems more than a little interested in the idea of making the machines the next stage of human evolution—or even a new form of life unto themselves. There's the usual corporate intrigue going on, but the scenes between Lowe and Ford balance the inherent misanthropy of the premise (we build copies of ourselves largely so we can be terrible to them without moral consequence) against a perpetual astonishment at the possibilities of creation.
This is a Dark Show, of course. There's plenty of murder in the pilot, albeit of the easily reversible kind. The most unsettling moments come from malfunctioning machines, like when Dolores's “father” finds a photograph from the outside world and has a nervous breakdown trying to process what it might mean. But even that's more about foreshadowing than anything immediate. The greatest impression “The Original” leaves you with is one of possibility—the suggestion that something tremendous might be just about to happen. The whole thing builds to the sole permanent death in the entire hour: Dolores slapping a fly against their neck. It's a perfect summation of everything that's preceded it. It also raises the bar for upcoming episodes so high that I'm not sure how the show will manage to hold itself together.
If there's an element that doesn't quite work here, it's Harris as The Gunslinger, a nasty man in black who's tearing their way through the park for reasons that aren't immediately clear. Harris is great, clearly relishing the chance to be an absolute bastard, and the part is exciting enough that it's easy to go along with it, but looking backward, it's hard to see exactly how they fit in with everything else. The main arc here is Ford slowly pushing their creations toward sentience. We're encouraged to root for that, even as we recognize that sentient machines are probably not going to be friendly ones, considering what they've been through. In the middle of that, the Gunslinger seems like a holdover from another concept. He's a riff on Yul Brenner's character in the original, and it's clever seeing the scary, unstoppable force turned into a human this time around, but beyond that, their form of villainy doesn't entirely fit.
Advertisement
We'll see, though. I haven't watched any episodes past the first, and while I'm nervous as to where this goes, “The Original” is a terrific way to start. There are all sorts of possibilities here, and actors who don't get much to do (Thandie Newton, hello) but who'll presumably be more important as events unfold. And it's impressive to see how, with just some minor tweaking, the show manages to remake Westworld into something distinctively new. It's uncertain if this new form is sustainable (the original premise, “a malfunction turns an amusement park murderous,” isn't something you can keep going for more than a season or two), but I'm eager to find out. And I am, of course, rooting for the robots; what makes things interesting is that I suspect the writers are too.
Stray observations
“Have you ever questioned the nature of your reality?”
I can't say that I have read Hosea, and need to in order that I may understand the situation the bible is talking about.
I just read Hosea 9, and the whole chapter is talking about punishing Israel. Also, if you are quoting from the New Living Translation, you did some twists and turns there. It sort of looks like you mixed it up by not quoting the entire thing
Here is Hosea 9: 11-16
11 The glory of Israel will fly away like a bird,
for your children will not be born
or grow in the womb
or even be conceived.
12 Even if you do have children who grow up,
I will take them from you.
It will be a terrible day when I turn away
and leave you alone.
13 I have watched Israel become as beautiful as Tyre.
But now Israel will bring out their children for slaughter.”
14 O Lord, what should I request for your people?
I will ask for wombs that don't give birth
and breasts that give no milk.
15 The Lord says, “All their wickedness began at Gilgal;
there I began to hate them.
I will drive them from my land
because of their evil actions.
I will love them no more
because all their leaders are rebels.
16 The people of Israel are struck down.
Their roots are dried up,
At this moment God has turned their wrath upon Israel. I would have to read the rest of Hosea, to know why God is punishing Israel. This is something that would need time to answer fully.
I don't think God meant hate, as in hatred for the people, because earlier they state In Hosea 7
“I want to heal Israel,[a] but its sins are too great.
Samaria is filled with liars.
Thieves are on the inside
and bandits on the outside!
2 Its people don't realize
that I am watching them.
Their sinful deeds are all around them,
and I see them all.
This indicates that God has given Israel plenty of time to mend their ways, and now Israel, as a nation, is going to go down hill for turning away.
I'm going to stop there, because most people on here can't stand to read more than a paragraph.
Anonymous · 9 years ago 2 Thumbs up 1 Thumbs down Report Abuse
Messaging Sync — Scaling Mobile Messaging at Airbnb
Zhiyao Wang Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 29, 2017
By Zhiyao Wang, Michelle Leon, Jason Goodman, Nick Reynolds, Julia Fu, Jeff Hodnett, Manuel Deschamps, John Pottebaum, Charlie Jiang
Old Inbox vs New Inbox with slow network
With more than 100k messages being sent on mobile per hour, messaging is the most engaged with feature on the Airbnb App. However, with the old inbox fetch method on mobile, the inbox was slow to load, suffered from data inconsistency, and required a network connection to read messages. All of this results in a poor experience for hosts and guests using the mobile inbox. In order to make the inbox faster, more reliable, and more consistent, the Hosts and Homes team at Airbnb built Messaging Sync.
The old inbox fetch was implemented similar to a turn-of-the-century webmail client, doing a network fetch for a screenful of information at every user tap. With messaging sync, new messages and thread updates are fetched only when data change, which greatly reduces the number of network requests. This means navigation between the inbox and message thread screens is much faster, hitting the local mobile storage most of the time, instead of issuing a network request with each screen change. Messaging sync also reduces the response size for each network fetch, which results in a 2x improvement in terms of API latency. These user experience gains are magnified in areas with slow networks.
Here's how Messaging Sync works, broken into 3 scenarios:
Scenario 1: Full Delta Update
This is the most common scenario:
Mobile client calls the sync API with a sequence_id stored locally (e.g. 1490000000), which denotes the last time the client synced with the server. API server only returns all modified thread objects and new messages after that sequence_id, together with a new sequence_id (e.g. 1491111111). Mobile client merges those updated threads and messages with its local datastore. Mobile client also stores the new sequenced_id to be used next time.
Scenario 2: Initial Sync
This is when there are too many threads and/or messages updates to return. For example, when a user first downloads the App, the server needs to send 10 thread objects and 30 messages for a full delta sync. The full delta sync response payload would be huge, which would result in longer load times and subpar user experience. Instead, we only return a full screen of threads.
Mobile client calls the sync API with a sequence_id stored locally API server estimates the size of the response for a full delta sync, and decides it's too big. API server sends down only the N most recent thread objects without any messages to have the client render at least a full screen of threads in the inbox view. Client clears its local datastore. Client stores the most recent thread objects and sequence_id. When a user opens a thread, the client requests all messages in the thread from the server. When a user scrolls historically in the inbox, the client sends paginated requests to fetch threads.
Scenario 3: Threads Removal
Threads sometimes need to be removed from the mobile App. For example, when a cohost is no longer managing the listing for the host, the server removes the threads between the cohost and the guest. In this case, the API sends down an array of thread ids deleted after last sync.
Catching Regressions
While migrating to the new messaging sync API, there were couple caveats to watch out for:
Airbnb's messaging system is closely integrated with its core booking flow and other product logic. The server needs to listen to all changes that affect the data displayed on the inbox screen. For example, after a trip is finished, the App needs to render a “Leave Review” button in the thread. There are two solutions to this. One is to check the review object in read time to see if it has been modified. The other solution is to subscribe to review object changes and update the notion of when the corresponding thread object is last modified. We chose the second solution as it is much cheaper on read time. However, the challenge is to capture relevant changes for all objects that can affect what's being rendered on the UI. Updated threads could be in a different order from the threads stored locally. We need to make sure that after merging the data, the UI is refreshed correctly.
In order to catch any discrepancies between the data returned by the old messaging API and the messaging sync API, a small percentage of mobile Apps run both the old and the new API at the same time to spot check. It logs all attribute values and the thread order returned from the two APIs. This allows us to catch regressions with the new API and iterate quickly. Whenever a bug is caught, the server marks corresponding thread objects as modified so that it would correct the discrepancy in the next sync.
Conclusions
Messaging Sync API reduced API request latency by 2x. It also results in a much more stable request duration than the old messaging API (spiky blue line below).
2. Messaging Sync makes it possible for users to read messages under airplane mode and bad network conditions.
After rolling out Messaging Sync together with other messaging improvements, we see more messages are being sent from mobile (+3.8% and +5.3% for Android and iOS), fewer messages are being sent from web (-4.6% and -4.2%). And daily inbox visits are way up (+200% and +96%) as it is now the main screen on the hosting mode. The launch is a big win for our hosting community as messaging is the most used feature by hosts on Airbnb.
Last but not least, if you are interested in creating a thriving community of engaged hosts who provide amazing hospitality everywhere in the world, the Hosts and Homes engineering team is always looking for talented people to join!
Medical marijuana stocks fell as much as 20 per cent in heavy trading Tuesday after Veterans Affairs Minister Kent Hehr announced stricter limits on how much cannabis veterans can claim and how much licensed producers can charge.
The government will push back the limit for the amount it will reimburse, from 10 grams per day to 3 grams per day, Hehr said during their announcement in Vancouver. The average patient uses between one and three grams per day, according to Health Canada's website.
Ottawa will also limit the dollar amount it will reimburse at $8.50 per gram, based on what it said was “fair market value.” The changes will also allow veterans to claim oil and fresh marijuana in addition to the dried product. Some 3,000 veterans now use the medical marijuana program.
The announcement comes after a Vice Canada report released last week suggested some medical marijuana companies were directing veterans toward higher priced marijuana, declining to show cheaper available strains on a site aimed specifically at vets.
We do not oblige veterans to purchase higher-priced cannabis products, while hiding access to lower priced cannabis products
The changes to veterans' access to medical marijuana have long been expected after auditor general Michael Ferguson reported in May that medical marijuana cost Veterans Affairs more than $20 million for pot last year, up from $5 million a year earlier.
Canopy Growth Corp., the largest of the publicly-traded marijuana companies, was the top market mover Tuesday afternoon with some 13 million shares changing hands. Its stock was down 15 per cent at $8.89. That decline comes off after shares in the company reached a peak of more than $17 a share last week.
Though it was the most heavily traded Tuesday, a Canopy Growth spokesperson said the changes will not have a material effect on the company, as less than two per cent of its clientele is composed of veterans.
“We do not operate separate websites for veterans. We do not oblige veterans to purchase higher-priced cannabis products, while hiding access to lower priced cannabis products,” it said in a statement.
Shares in Aphria, one of the licensed producers named in the Vice report last week, were down 16 per cent to $4.75 per share. Aphria could not be immediately reached for comment Tuesday.
Veterans are the only group of medical marijuana patients whose prescription costs are covered by the government. Most private insurers and health benefit plans do not subsidize the costs for patients as they do for pharmaceuticals.
Patients' advocacy group Canadians for Fair Access to Medical Marijuana applauded the changes introduced Tuesday–saying the current rate of coverage was unsustainable and that the price limit will help curtail unethical pricing practices.
Trading in the sector has been extremely volatile in the weeks since the U.S. election–when four more states voted to legalize recreational usage. The volatility also comes ahead of a task force report on marijuana legalization and regulation expected to be turned over to the federal government at the end of the month.
The Brazilian club has revealed that they have accepted a temporary deal for the striker as the Hammers bolster their attacking options further in the January window
Brazilian side Cruzeiro have confirmed that forward Wellington Paulista will join West Ham on loan after the two clubs agreed a deal.Cruzeiro's director of football Alexandre Mattos has confirmed on the club's official website that terms have been agreed and that the player is on their way to London for a medical.Mattos spoke highly of the 28-year old, praising their professionalism and loyalty to the Brazilian side and claiming they still have a future with the club."Cruzeiro is grateful to Wellington, and the great professional that they are," Mattos said."The players always honoured this club, and we like them very much. They have the club's doors open for the future."Paulista has scored 19 goals in all competitions so far this campaign and will add to manager Sam Allardyce's striking options.The Hammers have been busy in the transfer window so far having already signed Joe Cole from Liverpool and Marouane Chamakh from Arsenal.
Cities across eastern Ukraine have been overtaken by pro-Russian protesters in recent weeks, leading the Ukrainian military to respond with force in some areas.
Cities across eastern Ukraine have been overtaken by pro-Russian protesters in recent weeks, leading the Ukrainian military to respond with force in some areas.
Cities across eastern Ukraine have been overtaken by pro-Russian protesters in recent weeks, leading the Ukrainian military to respond with force in some areas.
Rebels in eastern Ukraine are seeking to harness anger at the government with a hastily organized and vaguely worded referendum Sunday that they hope will legitimize their uprising, even if it falls short of giving them a legal mandate to declare an independent state.
With Ukraine perilously close to civil war and drunken mobs rampaging through the streets of the port city of Mariupol on Saturday, the separatists say the vote could pave the way for a political solution by showing that the people support their movement.
Yet the vote is equally likely to deepen the divisions that are ripping the country apart. The government in Kiev has denounced the referendum as illegal and unconstitutional, and many observers say it lacks any credibility. Opponents of the pro-Russian separatists who have seized power in eastern Ukraine may decide to boycott a vote they see as rigged.
The language of the referendum leaves plenty of room for interpretation, asking voters whether they support what could be translated either as “independence” or “self-determination” for the self-styled Donetsk People's Republic.
Separatist leaders, who call the government in Kiev illegitimate, say they are not necessarily seeking outright independence or a union with Russia, at least not for the time being.
“A ‘yes' vote does not mean that the Donetsk region will become part of Russia, or stay in Ukraine, or become an independent state,” Roman Lyagin, the head of the rebel election commission, said at a news conference Saturday.
“It means that we will receive the support of a majority of the inhabitants of the region and the moral right to state that we are not happy with the events in our country and demand changes. We want to choose another path for this region.”
Lyagin's comments could be interpreted as a softening of the rebels' stance, but it is equally likely that the rebels are trying to inspire a wider protest vote against the government to legitimize their uprising. The confusion, in other words, is likely to work in their favor.
Lyagin, 33, a former political consultant, has said they want the region to become part of Russia. Denis Pushilin, a prominent separatist leader, spoke last week about “sovereignty” rather than “independence,” but then suggested they wanted a situation comparable to that in Kosovo, which declared independence in 2008 and is now recognized by more than 100 other nations.
While Russia would almost certainly embrace a “yes” vote as a sign of the rebels' popularity, Ukraine's government has been joined by the United States and Western Europe in dismissing the vote.
On Saturday, the U.S. State Department called the referendum illegal and “an attempt to create further division and disorder” and said the United States would not recognize the results if the vote proceeds. German Chancellor Angela Merkel also called the referendum “illegal,” while French President François Hollande said it carries “no weight,” the Associated Press reported.
The rebels rejected Russian President Vladimir Putin's surprise call last week for the referendum to be postponed, arguing that they would lose popular trust if they did so. Lyagin said they could go to jail for 10 to 15 years for their role in organizing the vote and suggested that only a mandate from the people could save him.
“It will legitimize us in society all over the world,” they said.
Allegations of fraud
Opponents of the referendum are already casting doubt on its legitimacy, however. Ukrainian news media issued a video and photographs that purported to show three men who had been caught on the outskirts of Slovyansk on Saturday with weapons and a trunk full of ballots already filled in with “yes” votes.
On Thursday, Ukraine's state security service released an audio recording in which a Russian nationalist politician allegedly advises a separatist leader who expressed concerns about organizing the vote to simply declare that 99 percent of the people, or “let's say 89 percent,” had voted “yes.”
The authenticity of the recording could not be verified, and separatists say it is a fake. It nevertheless encapsulates a widespread feeling here that the referendum's outcome has been fixed.
Lyagin said they are determined to stage a transparent, objective vote and that there will be no foreign observers, apart from journalists, only because no one offered to come.
There are few barriers to fraud. The only list of voters is two years out of date, but one official said that anyone who turns up with a passport will be allowed to vote. The ballots lack any markings that could prevent them from being widely copied. The only people who will be manning the polling stations and counting the votes are the same activists who support a “yes” vote.
Lyagin said their team is spending just $1,700 to stage what they call a “people's referendum.” Volunteers at the polling stations will not be paid and have been asked to supply their own pens; most of the budget appears to have been spent on paper to print nearly 3.2 million ballot slips and on ink for three borrowed ink-jet printers.
The effort's low budget seems partly designed to counter suspicions that the rebellion has the financial backing of Russia or of local oligarchs.
Lyagin did not say who had paid for the billboards that appeared across Donetsk last week urging people to vote “yes” and to choose between fascists in western Ukraine carrying Molotov cocktails and axes and peaceful miners in the east carrying flowers.
After several days of violence in Mariupol, Lyagin said, the separatists might struggle to conduct the vote in the southeastern city. Ukraine's armed forces arrested many militants in Mariupol on Wednesday, and Lyagin said the rebels were coordinating the situation there “on the run” and would conduct the referendum “where it is possible.”
Drunken mobs roamed the otherwise deserted city center of Mariupol on Saturday as the security situation there took another turn for the worse. The city council called a day of mourning after Friday's heavy fighting between pro-Russian militants and Ukrainian security forces left at least seven people dead.
Ukrainian Interior Minister Arsen Avakov said that Mariupol's police chief had been abducted by rebels during the fighting.
In another sign of the collapsing morale of Ukraine's security forces, members of the national guard evacuated their barracks in the city Saturday morning, apparently in a hurry. They left behind at least three armored personnel carriers, riot shields, helmets, gas masks and clothes, which were promptly looted, witnesses said.
In the city center, militants set fire to a broken-down infantry fighting vehicle that the army had been forced to abandon the previous day. But their failure to empty it of all its ammunition caused a series of explosions that led some of their comrades to set fire to their barricades, fearing another attack, a witness said.
‘A complete destruction'
In the rebel stronghold of Donetsk, a group of police also laid down their weapons when their camp on the outskirts of the city came under attack by two truckloads of heavily armed militants Friday evening. The police surrendered 70 automatic rifles and 16,000 cartridges, an officer said on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to reporters.
Militants held nine Red Cross workers — eight Ukrainians and one Swiss — hostage for seven hours in Donetsk, beating one of them before freeing them early Saturday, a Red Cross official said, according to Reuters. A spokesperson for the rebels said the workers had been detained Friday evening on suspicion of espionage.
Lyagin insisted that Ukraine's presidential election scheduled for May 25 could not go ahead in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions.
In Kiev, acting President Oleksandr Turchynov again called on rebellious citizens to work out their differences at the bargaining table, saying the government was willing to discuss more local control and guarantee minority rights for ethnic Russians.
But they warned that supporters of independence for the east “don't understand that this would be a complete destruction of the economy, social programs and general life for the majority of the population.”
“This is a step into the abyss for the regions,” they said in comments posted on the presidential Web site.
Vyacheslav Ponomaryov, the self-proclaimed people's mayor of Slovyansk, said the rebels had decided to adopt a “take-no-prisoners” approach in future clashes with the Ukrainian Army.
“We had an unspoken agreement that we do not open fire on regular soldiers of the army,” Ponomaryov said, according to a report on Radio Liberty. But they said the rebels would go all-out now because soldiers from the 95th Airborne Brigade had killed civilians in a town just outside Donetsk.
“We decided that now we will not take prisoners, we will kill them all,” Ponomaryov said, according to Radio Liberty. According to the news outlet, Ponomaryov said the militants believe that the more ruthless they are, the faster the Ukrainian military will respect them.
Capital controls imposed by the Greek government are taking a heavy toll on the country's businesses, a survey shows (AFP Photo/Sakis Mitrolidis)
Athens (AFP) - Capital controls imposed by the Greek government are taking a heavy toll on the country's businesses, a survey showed Monday, with nearly a quarter saying they are seeking to move their headquarters abroad.
Endeavour Greece, a non-profit group that supports entrepreneurs, found that 58 percent of the 300 companies it surveyed between July 13 and July 17 reported a "significant impact on their operations caused by the limitations imposed to cross-border transactions".
"Many of these companies cannot import raw material or have access to foreign services and infrastructure," the group said in a statement, adding that 23 percent "plan to transfer their headquarters abroad for security, cash flow and stability reasons".
More than two thirds of the companies -- 69 percent -- reported a "significant drop in turnover", with 11 percent forced to decrease or suspend production due to shortages of raw materials.
Greece imposed a raft of capital controls on July 29, closing the banks and restricting cash withdrawals in a bid to prevent a disastrous bank run from draining money out of the financial system.
Banks reopened on Monday and restrictions on cash withdrawals have been partially relaxed, though the capital controls remain in place.
Endeavour Greece reported that businesses were facing "significant impediments" due to the continuing ATM limits, but on "a smaller scale".
Nearly half of the companies -- 45 percent -- said they had been forced to postpone payments to suppliers.
Why the DOJ picked Texas first The Justice Department is pushing to restore its oversight of the state's voting laws
The Department of Justice is asking a federal court to restore its power to oversee voting laws in Texas, a power that was stripped away by the Supreme Court's June decision striking down a key part of the Voting Rights Act.
“Today I am announcing that the Justice Department will ask a federal court in Texas to subject the State of Texas to a preclearance regime similar to the one required by Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act," Attorney General Eric Holder said in a speech to the National Urban League in Philadelphia.
Advertisement:
Under Section 5 of the VRA, states and counties with a history of racial discrimination at the polls are required to get preclearance from the Justice Department before making changes to their voting laws. In a 5-4 decision, the Supreme Court struck down Section 4 of the VRA, which establishes a formula for determining which particular regions are subject to Section 5.
So why did Holder pick Texas?
Though the Court struck down Section 4 of the law, which more or less creates an automatic preclearance requirement, Section 3 of the VRA provides another way to subject particular areas to oversight: If that region was found to have recently discriminated against minorities at the polls, the courts can enforce the preclearance requirement on it for a set time period. This is what's known as the "bail-in" provision of the law.
Texas is a prime target for "bail-in" duty, precisely because last year, in a case called Texas v. Holder, a three-judge panel in a Washington district court found that the state's redistricting maps were racially discriminatory.
"Based on the evidence of intentional racial discrimination that was presented last year in the redistricting case, Texas v. Holder – as well as the history of pervasive voting-related discrimination against racial minorities that the Supreme Court itself has recognized – we believe that the State of Texas should be required to go through a preclearance process whenever it changes its voting laws and practices," Holder said in their speech.
The Associated Press explains:
Advertisement:
Last year, a federal court in Washington, D.C., found that Texas lawmakers intentionally discriminated against minorities in drawing political maps and that the state's voter ID law would disenfranchise minority voters. But the Supreme Court decision throwing out part of the Voting Rights Act removed the power of that court to stop those measures from going into effect. Based on those findings, though, minority groups in San Antonio asked that three-judge panel last month to adopt the findings of the D.C. court and require Texas to submit all proposed changes to voting laws for prior court review. Holder's announcement bolsters the argument by the minority groups by placing the Justice Department firmly on their side.
There are a few ways that this could shake out. One distinct possibility is that if the three-judge panel in Texas agrees with Holder and subjects Texas to the "bail-in" provision, Section 3 of the VRA will wind up before the Supreme Court -- which could potentially result in the end of preclearance in its entirety.
Rick Hasen explains that it also might affect how Congress proceeds with passing a new preclearance formula for the VRA, after the Supreme Court struck down the old one:
A recent New York Times article which is based on data from the Delhi Pollution Control Committee claimed that Delhi's smog and air pollution is much higher than that of Beijing. Given the kind of media attention Beijing's smog receives, the NYT report comes as a shocking bit of news.
The report says that where fine particulate matter [PM2.5] is concerned, “Punjabi Bagh, a monitor whose readings are often below those of other city and independent monitors, was 473, more than twice as high as the average of 227 in Beijing. By the time pollution breached 500 in Beijing for the first time on the night of Jan. 15, Delhi had already had eight such days.”
It goes on to say, “Delhi's peak daily fine particle pollution levels are 44 percent higher this year than they were last year, when they averaged 328 over the first three weeks of the year.”
PM2.5 particles are smaller than 2.5 microns in diameter, and can lodge deep into human lung and blood tissue and increase risk of heart and lung diseases, from strokes to lung cancer. PM2.5 particles are usually the result of combustion and emissions from automobiles, power plants and diesel powered vehicles.
The NYT report comes at time when India's environmental record continues to decline. The global Environmental Policy Index shows that India's ranked 155th worldwide and is the worst performer in G20 group. India is far behind Russia (73), Brazil (77) and China. The study is produced by researchers at Yale and Columbia universities, in collaboration with the World Economic Forum.
More disturbingly the EPI report states that the one area where India's environmental performance lags exceptionally is air quality. The report says that, India's scores in this regard have declined by 100 percent in the last decade. It goes on to note that the stress of urbanisation coupled with insufficient investment in environmental protection are among the reasons why India's air quality scores have declined in this dramatic fashion.
The report also points out that while the media spotlight has been on China, and in particular Beijing's air quality, India ranks the worst in EPI's air quality category. It adds that India and China have the highest average exposure to fine particulate matter (PM2.5) in the world.
While no one denies that Delhi does have a air problem, not everyone is convinced by the data. According to System of Air Quality Weather Forecasting and Research (SAFAR), a project of the official Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology, data collected from across the nine monitoring stations at Delhi, the average air quality for PM 2.5 particles did not cross the 350 mark from 14th to 17th January, whereas in Beijing the PM2.5 particles had crossed the 600 mark.
Dr G Beig, Program Director at SAFAR, says the NYT data is surprising. They point out that when it comes to air quality data, “one needs to look at the ambient air average and not just the instant values. It's very hard to believe that the PM2.5 value crossed 500 in Delhi overall. This usually happens in Delhi around Diwali season.”
However, they too concede that the Delhi air quality has been declining. “When it comes to the winter, we've noticed that the air quality gets particularly poor. According to our own index, it even hits the critical level during some days, which is the lowest. There's no denying that one of the major contributors to this is from the transport sector," says Beig.
Even if you take comparisons to Beijing out of the picture, Delhi's air pollution level is alarmingly on the higher end of the scale. PM2.5 levels might not cross 500 on average, but the daily numbers are still much, much higher than the safety level -- 25 microgram per metre cube -- prescribed by the WHO and also higher than the more generous 60 micrograms per metre cube limit set by the government of India.
Anumita Roy Chowdhury, Executive Director, Research and Advocacy at the Centre for Science and Environment, argues that the increasingly lax implementation of clean air policies have added to the problem.
“In the early 2001-2003, we saw some awareness with CNG coming in, industries being moved out and to some extent it helped stabilise the air pollution problem. It was still higher than the standard but those policies did arrest the increase," they say, "However post 2007-2008, the momentum has been lost and data has shown that the average levels of air pollution are rising. In particular, winters are turning out to be a bad time.”
One of the reasons for the smog and rising air pollution in winter is the weather and wind conditions, coupled with the increasing number of vehicles. “The weather has added to Delhi's pollution vulnerability. The wind is almost calm once winter sets in post the Westerlies, pollution gets packed in the boundary layer and the ventilation outlet is closed. We don't see the same level of pollution in summer or even the monsoon," Beig says.
The exponential rise in number of vehicles doesn't help.
“We have over 1400 vehicles being added to the city a day. The scale for tackling this has to be increased. From buses to metro, you need a nuanced approach to deal with air pollution. We only seem to have structures and policies based on private vehicles and cars. A complete paradigm shift is needed. Look at the number of diesel cars, the sales are only going up. They add significantly to emissions," Roy Chowdhury says.
On the question of Delhi vs Beijing, they point out that one needs to look at how Beijing also handles the situation when air pollution does go up. “They fix the number of cars on the road, they issue health advisories, alerts. That's the kind of public awareness they have. They deal with the issue on a war-footing,” they argue.
Delhi may or may not be worse than Beijing, but it is certainly doing far less than Beijing to tackle its air pollution.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
In recent years, the writer George Saunders has made the championing of so-called soft virtues—tenderness, forgiveness, patience—something of a personal crusade. “What I regret most in my life are failures of kindness,” Saunders said, in a graduation speech to the class of 2013 at Syracuse University. Implicit in that: some unimpeachable advice.
But the question that Saunders's directive inadvertently raises—how do we embrace a spiritual softness without also embracing the inanities long used to disseminate those ideas?—is, at present, a pressing one. Last week, Coldplay released its seventh studio album, “A Head Full of Dreams.” The vocalist Chris Martin, who was once married to (and then famously “uncoupled” from) the actor Gwyneth Paltrow, is now, the narrative goes, single and having a super-great time! Everything is so super-great that Paltrow is even featured on the record, providing nominally audible backing vocals on “Everglow.” (Other notable contributors include Beyoncé, who sings with Martin on “Hymn for the Weekend,” and President Barack Obama, whose wobbly version of “Amazing Grace,” performed during a rousing eulogy for Reverend Clementa Pinckney, is sampled on “Kaleidoscope.”) The album's posture is celebratory: it is a remarkable time to be alive.
I know in my heart that it is wrong to parse song lyrics like bits of literature. Lyrics are not poems. They don't need to (and, perhaps, simply cannot) operate by the same rules and dicta. It is unfair to divorce a song's language from its preordained, mandatory bedfellows, melody, rhythm, and instrumentation; it is unfair to hold lyrics to the same standards of coherence, beauty, and crispness we might employ when considering words on a page. Musically, “A Head Full of Dreams” is cool and gleaming, an iteration of the kind of majestic soft rock that Coldplay has been reliably making for the last fifteen years. And yet, listening to the lyrics of “A Head Full of Dreams,” it is impossible not to develop deeply unkind thoughts regarding the aesthetic value of a line like “Everything you want's a dream away!”
I do not wish to question Martin's intoxication with life itself—may we all one day have occasion to earnestly announce “Amazing day!” four times in a row—but one wonders how it became acceptable to articulate ecstatic feelings using only banalities. Even the track titles—“Fun,” “Adventure of a Lifetime,” “Hymn for the Weekend”—are toothless enough to rile the cynical hobgoblin latent in my being, and, in fact, to shake that hobgoblin into a kind of drooling, wild-eyed fury-state. When, in “Up&Up,” the album's closing track, Martin asks, “How can people suffer? How can people part? How can people struggle? How can people break your heart?,” it is challenging for me not to emit the kind of noise a cat makes when you accidentally step on their tail. (That those queries are trailed by a jaunty guitar solo doesn't much help.)
Questions of anguish and woe are real—philosophers and the religious faithful have been mulling them for millennia—but surely there is a way to phrase them that does not facilitate vertigo. Surely it is the artist's job to advance a conversation, not merely reduce it to clichés. Sometimes, listening to “A Head Full of Dreams,” one feels as if our very humanity—the tangle of complex feelings and reactions at the center of every person—is being bludgeoned into pulp by a large bouquet of pink carnations.
“Life is a drink,” Martin chirps. Is this not very dumb? Is there not a way to probe these same ideas using richer, more precise, less predictable language? To effectively express pathos without either dousing it in irony or allowing it to sound so silly? Pop music has always permitted lyrical ingenuity, honoring wit and passion. (That does not mean, of course, that corny or nonsensical lyrics are remotely a new phenomenon—they are not.) Still, profundity is not even required these days; merely the unexpected can be delightful. Recall Kanye West, in 2013, bellowing in a terrifically agitated manner: “In a French-ass restaurant, hurry up with my damn croissants!”
I am hardly immune to sentimentality: let they who has not blinked back tears in a Duane Reade while Boyz II Men played on the in-store sound system cast the first eye roll. The sort of uncomplicated, risk-free sappiness (from “Everglow”: “This particular diamond was extra-special”) peddled by a band like Coldplay feels suspicious precisely because it's so effective. If a person finds themselves in an emotionally compromised state—contemplating an unexpected kindness, say, or recalling a loss—and is then exposed, either willingly or via their dentist's satellite-radio station, to a certain kind of mawkish emoting, the transaction starts to feel not just facile, but actually diabolical.
Maybe, for some, the broadcasting of sentimentality encourages a real release. But folk wisdom warns against the free lunch—against getting a reward without doing any work. Consequently, it's hard to know how to process the experience of reacting to pap. In their essay “In Defense of Saccharin(e),” Leslie Jamison writes, “Bad movies and bad writing and easy clichés still manage to make us feel things toward each other. Part of me is disgusted by this. Part of me celebrates it.”
Coldplay has not always been quite so easy—there was a time where it was compared more frequently to (ambitious) Radiohead than (pleasing) U2. The band's major hit “Yellow” did not paint Martin as an emerging Whitman, exactly, but it did center around the odd, recurring line “It was all yellow,” which is at least evocative and, I'd argue, nearly lovely—it hints at the way our memories of a person or place can sometimes be supplanted entirely by some other, less complicated sense-experience. When Martin finally comes around to an admission of self-sacrifice—“For you, I'd bleed myself dry”—it feels something like a catharsis.
Since “Yellow,” Coldplay has sold more than eighty million albums worldwide and been nominated for a Grammy twenty-five times (it has won seven). Given the frank exceptionality of those numbers, there is a specious argument to make here about resonance and communion and what it means, qualitatively speaking, to reach huge numbers of people with your art. There is, of course, an equally specious argument to make about how mass appreciation of that kind should make us all instantly and severely wary. As we lurch toward a new year, attempting to cultivate true kindness in our hearts, do we require a new language in which to describe wonder, compassion, beauty?
“Don't ever give up” is what Martin would say to us. (He does say it.) “Believe in love.”
Ian Botham has learned the hard way that 'viral' is the last word you want attached to your penis.
In yet another blow when it comes to the older generation using technology, a photo of the famed British cricketer's appendage was shown on their validated Twitter account, the unfortunately named "BeefyBotham".
Let's talk about sext: It's less shameful to admit your inability to handle intricacies of social media than to admit that a person likes sex.
As the tweet went viral and was shared from multiple Twitter accounts and blogs, the cricketer was roundly mocked for the unflattering photo and mishap. In response, Botham declared it was the work of a 'hacker' which absolved them of the heinous crime of mistakenly publishing a dick pic. This is a popular defence, one used by other crotch exposures like the United States politician Anthony Weiner and many others. Apparently it's less shameful to admit your inability to handle the intricacies of social media than it is to admit something more disturbing: that a person likes sex and will find a myriad ways to indulge. This is perfectly illustrated when it comes to sexting - the pairing of desire with technology, sharing explicit fantasies, photos and videos.
The shame surrounding sexts is hard to reconcile with the fact it is rising in popularity. A report by McAfee states 54 per cent of surveyed phone users send or receive sexually charged messages, audio and video and this figure skyrockets to 74 per cent when focused on users aged 18-24.
WASHINGTON — There are plenty of supporters who sometimes wish Vice President Joe Biden would plug their mouth — but slobbering over the pacifier belonging to Mayor Michael Bloomberg's grandkid isn't what they had in mind.
Bloomberg attended an investiture ceremony at the British Embassy in DC on Wednesday, where they were formally made an Honorary Knight Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire.
With British Ambassador Sir Peter Westmacott presiding, it's a good bet the affair was mostly well-mannered.
But Bloomberg's daughter Georgina, who attended, posted a photo of Biden — a baby-kissing politician of the old school — holding their 15-month-old son, Jasper, with the tyke's pacifier planted in the VP's mouth.
“What's a boy to do when the Vice President steals your pacifier?” Georgina Bloomberg wrote on Facebook.
The image drew comments on their Facebook page ranging from “OH JOE” to “gross …”
The event was closed to the press, so it's not known whether Biden also put their foot in their mouth during the remarks.
One thing I really enjoy about video games is music. It has evolved so much over the years from simple "chip tunes" to full fledged orchestra's! Who lives in this world and does not know the theme to Super Mario Bros.? Legend of Zelda? Halo? Not many! It has evolved so much to the point, to where you can hear this great music performed live. Guess what? You have that chance!
Tuesday January 29th! The Grand Rapids Symphony will be performing PLAY! A Video Game Symphony! Performing selections from Legend of Zelda, World of Warcraft, Elder Scrolls: Oblivion, Halo, and more! During the performance, there will be 3 HUGE HD screen projecting footage from each of the games in PERFECT synchronization!
I saw Distant Worlds: The Music of Final Fantasy a couple years back, with basically the same set up, and it was amazing! You need to check this show out!
Tickets are still available at grsymphony.org !
Icelandic Ultrablue: The Power of Benthic
Over 45000 feet below the surface of the North Sea lies the Ekman Trench. The seabed of the Ekman Trench holds the source of life as we know it. Micro-organisms within the seabed absorb organic material from the ocean above it and in turn release nutrients back into the sea. This process, called regenerative recycling, results in forming the most concentrated life-sustaining material found on earth. Through a unique system we developed, we have been able to for the first time ever, extract this material in order to make Icelandic UltraBlue-- a simple formula which is guaranteed to increase your natural ability to regenerate cells in the same way simple celled organisms have survived in the ocean for millions of years. Once cellular regeneration in the human body is enhanced, you will see a marked change in health and wellness as well as an increased potency in your immune system, memory and energy levels. Icelandic UltraBlue can truly make a difference in your life.
A Miami Gardens community is on edge Sunday morning after three teens were shot in the middle of the street. (Published Sunday, Oct. 16, 2016)
A Miami Gardens community remains on edge Sunday morning after four teens were shot in the middle of the street.
The first shooting occurred at 2340 W Bunche Park Drive Saturday afternoon in Miami Gardens.
Upon their arrival, officers located three victims suffering from gunshot wounds. Miami-Dade Fire Rescue responded and transported one victim to Ryder Trauma, one victim to Jackson North Medical Center and one victim to Aventura Hospital.
Two 16-year-old victims sustained non-life threatening wounds. However, a 17-year old victim is listed in critical condition.
"I've been [living] here for about 14 months, and I have never seen anything like this," said Alba Jofre, neighbor. "This is scary for me and my family."
Investigators say the victims were walking together on West Bunche Park Drive when they were shot at by black male(s) who were standing outside of a vehicle.
A few hours later, a fourth teen was also shot in Miami Gardens along the 2700 block of NW 173 Terrace. The 17-year-old was transported to Ryder Trauma by medical transport. Their wounds were not life threatening.
Witnesses say that the victim and others were gathered together in front of a home when a dark colored Chevrolet Impala drove by with several black males shooting at them from the vehicle.
Both investigations are ongoing. Based on the initial investigation, the incidents appear to be gang related.
Anyone with information about the incident is urged to contact Miami Gardens Police. If you wish to remain anonymous, please contact Miami-Dade County Crimestoppers at 305-471-TIPS (8477)
No further details were made available. Check back for updates on this developing story.
"The problem with Obamacare—the actuary is called a ‘death spiral,'" they said. "It's a really kind of ugly, gruesome term, but a ‘death spiral' is a mathematical term. They say when the insurance gets so expensive, healthy people won't buy it because they—it's just a trade-off." They told Mr. Jean that that's what's happening with Obamacare, which is a lie. Enrollment numbers are going up and the system is not collapsing. That's just the reality.
But it's a reality Ryan is callously denying. Here's the truth: they and their fellow Republicans are trying to take Mr. Jean's health insurance away. They're doing that without a plan in place to save their insurance, and potentially save their lives. They've had six years to create a plan. If they don't have one by now, they're not going to have one. And Paul Ryan is going to own the consequences.
A wedding anniversary is the anniversary of the date a wedding took place. Traditional names exist for some of them: for instance, fifty years of marriage is called a "golden wedding anniversary" or simply a "golden anniversary" or "golden wedding".
Official recognition [ edit ]
The historic origins of wedding anniversaries date back to the Holy Roman Empire, when husbands crowned their wives with a silver wreath on their twenty-fifth anniversary, and a gold wreath on the fiftieth. Later, principally in the twentieth century, commercialism led to the addition of more anniversaries being represented by a named gift.[1]
In the Commonwealth realms, one can receive a message from the monarch for 60th, 65th, and 70th wedding anniversaries, and any wedding anniversary after that.[2] This is done by applying to Buckingham Palace in the United Kingdom, or to the Governor-General's office in the other Commonwealth realms.[3]
In Australia, where one can receive a letter of congratulations from the Governor-General on the 50th and all subsequent wedding anniversaries; the Prime Minister, the federal Opposition leader, local members of both state and federal parliaments, and state Governors may also send salutations for the same anniversaries.[4]
In Canada, one can also receive a message from the Governor-General for the 50th anniversary, and every fifth anniversary after that.[5]
In the United States, a couple can receive a greeting from the President for any wedding anniversary on or after the 50th.[6]
Roman Catholics may apply for a Papal blessing through their local diocese for wedding anniversaries of a special nature (25th, 50th, 60th, etc.).[7][8]
Celebration and gifts [ edit ]
The names of some anniversaries provide guidance for appropriate or traditional gifts for the spouses to give each other; if there is a party these can be brought by the guests or influence the theme or decoration. These gifts vary in different countries, but some years have well-established connections now common to most nations: 5th Wood, 10th Tin, 15th Crystal, 20th China, 25th Silver, 30th Pearl, 35th Jade, 40th Ruby, 45th Sapphire, 50th Gold, 60th Diamond, and 70th Platinum. In English speaking countries the first, wooden, gift was cut on the day of celebration and then presented to the wife as a finished article before the next two quarter days had passed. The modern tradition may have originated in medieval Germany where, if a married couple lived to celebrate the 25th anniversary of their wedding, the wife was presented by their friends and neighbours with a silver wreath to congratulate them for the good fortune that had prolonged the lives of the couple for so many years. On celebration of the 50th, the wife received a wreath of gold. Over time the number of symbols expanded and the German tradition came to assign gifts that had direct connections with each stage of married life. The symbols have changed over time. For example, in the United Kingdom, diamond was a well known symbol for the 75th anniversary, but this changed to the now more common 60th anniversary after Queen Victoria's 60 years on the throne was widely marked as their Diamond Jubilee.
The origins of the current gift conventions date to 1937.[citation needed] Before that, only the 1st, 5th, 10th, 15th, 20th, 25th, 50th, and 75th anniversaries had an associated gift. In 1937, the American National Retail Jeweler Association (now known as Jewelers of America as a result of an organizational merger) introduced an expanded list of gifts. The revamped list gave a gift for each year up to the 25th, and then for every fifth anniversary after that.[9]
Traditional and modern anniversary gifts [ edit ]
Lists of wedding anniversary gifts vary by country. The traditional and modern U.S. versions were compiled by librarians at the Chicago Public Library.[10][11][12][13]
Flower gifts [ edit ]
Gemstone gifts [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
JERUSALEM -- An Arab attacker armed with a gun and a knife opened fire in a southern Israel bus station on Sunday, police said, killing an Israeli soldier and wounding 10 people in one of the boldest attacks yet in a month-long wave of violence.
The attack came as Israel further tightened security around the country, highlighted by the construction of a barrier separating Jewish and Arab neighborhoods in east Jerusalem. In a bid to halt the fighting, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said they would meet the Israeli and Palestinian leaders in the coming days.
Israel has deployed thousands of police, backed up by troops, to maintain order following a spate of attacks, mostly stabbings, by Palestinian assailants. Those measures have so far failed to stop the violence.
In Sunday night's attack, police said the Arab assailant entered the central bus station in the southern city of Beersheba and began shooting and stabbing people. They said an Israeli soldier was killed, five police were lightly wounded and five civilians were wounded to varying degrees.
Yoram Halevy, a police commander in southern Israel, told reporters that in addition to the knife and gun they entered with, the attacker also snatched a weapon from the soldier they killed.
The attacker, whose identity was not immediately known, was shot and killed.
A foreigner was shot by police during the attack after they apparently mistook them for an assailant. Halevy said security forces responding to the attack entered the bus station from another area and saw a "foreign national," shooting and wounding him.
Israeli media said the foreigner was an Eritrean national living in Israel.
Israeli media showed footage of a blood-streaked floor and rows of ambulances outside the bus station. Security camera footage from the bus station aired on Israeli TV showed what appeared to be a civilian shooting the attacker as soldiers and civilians crouched for cover nearby.
The attack was one of the most serious incidents amid near-daily bouts of violence that has hit Israel and the Palestinian territories over the past month. After the attack, a crowd of Israelis gathered outside the bus station and chanted "death to Arabs."
The unrest erupted in Jerusalem a month ago over tensions surrounding a Jerusalem holy site sacred to Jews and Muslims. It soon spread to Arab neighborhoods of east Jerusalem and then to the West Bank, Gaza and Israel.
Israelis kill 3 Palestinians in alleged stabbing attacks
Israel has struggled to contain near-daily attacks by Palestinian assailants. Authorities have blocked roads and placed checkpoints at the entrances of Palestinian neighborhoods in east Jerusalem. Other security measures include ID checks and requiring some Palestinian residents to lift their shirts and roll up pant legs as they exit their neighborhoods to prove they are not carrying knives. Soldiers have been deployed in Jerusalem and cities across Israel.
On Sunday, Israeli police erected a barrier to separate the Jewish neighborhood of Armon Hanatziv from the adjacent Palestinian neighborhood of Jabal Mukaber as part of the heightened security. A number of attackers have come from Jabal Mukaber.
Police spokesperson Luba Samri said the barrier, a row of six concrete slabs about five meters (16 feet) high, was meant to protect Armon Hanatziv from rocks and firebombs lobbed from Jabal Mukaber.
But erecting a barrier dividing areas of Jerusalem are a sensitive step, testing Israel's repeated statements over the years that the city is its undivided, eternal capital.
Israel captured east Jerusalem in the 1967 Mideast war and later annexed the area in a move that is not recognized internationally. The Palestinians want east Jerusalem as the capital of their hoped-for state.
"This has no political meaning, said Emmanuel Nahshon, a spokesperson for Israel's foreign ministry. "It's one more aspect of our security measures."
Samri, the police spokesperson, said the barrier would remain "for as long as needed" and that it could be lengthened based on security needs.
On Sunday, the six slabs lined a sidewalk on a road between the Jewish and Arab neighborhoods. Writing in Hebrew on the barrier said it was a "temporary, mobile police barrier." It did not prevent pedestrians from leaving or entering.
Palestinians said the roadblocks are collective punishment and ineffective in deterring attackers.
Israeli leaders say the violence is due to Palestinian incitement. But Palestinians say it is the result of years of Israeli occupation, failed peace efforts and lack of hope among their youth.
Much of that hopelessness is found in Arab areas of east Jerusalem. They complain of discrimination, noting that municipal services from education to garbage pickup in their areas are neglected.
Over the past month, nine Israelis have been killed in Palestinian attacks, most of them stabbings. In that time, 41 Palestinians were killed by Israeli fire, including 20 labeled by Israel as attackers, and the rest in clashes with Israeli troops.
Violence in Israel leads to troop deployment
The daily attacks have caused a sense of panic across Israel and raised fears that the region is on the cusp of a new round of heavy violence.
The outbreak was fueled by rumors that Israel was plotting to take over Jerusalem's most sensitive holy site, a hilltop compound revered by Jews as the Temple Mount and home to the Al-Aqsa Mosque, Islam's third-holiest shrine and a key national symbol for the Palestinians.
Israel has adamantly denied the allegations, saying it has no plans to change the status quo at the site, where Jews are allowed to visit but not pray. It accuses the Palestinians of inciting to violence through the false claims.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday that their government would start going after the finances of the Islamic Movement in Israel, a group they accuse of being the chief inciter of the recent violence.
"Israel is not the problem at the Temple Mount, Israel is the solution," they told their Cabinet. "We will protect the status quo, we are the only ones who are doing this and we will continue to do it responsibly and seriously."
The outrage against FBI Director James Comey's non-indictment of Hillary Clinton continues. This time it's from a former governor and GOP presidential candidate.
Here's the story from the Conservative Tribune:
“… Rick Perry has called for FBI Director James Comey to resign after Comey recommended that Clinton face no criminal charges for mishandling classified material while secretary of state. “According to The Hill, Perry's demand came after Comey was criticized by Republican leaders for recommending no federal charges against Clinton. “‘For a man who prided themselves on being a top law official in this country, I would suggest the man ought to resign,' Perry said. “Comey has a lot of explaining to do, because those of us who understand what was going on here – the Clintons were clearly trying to hide this server. They did not want that information in, and for Comey to stand up and make excuses for Hillary is absolutely and totally unacceptable. “I think (Comey) has some skin in the game here somewhere. To protect the Clintons at this particular juncture is an extraordinary failure on their part. “Perry was not too far from the truth. Comey spoke out once regarding the Clinton email scandal, dismissing the Democrat presidential nominee's actions as ‘extremely careless,' but nothing more.”
It's obvious to almost everyone that James Comey didn't indict Hillary Clinton to preserve their political career – and possibly their life. Resigning their post would have been the right and honorable thing to do. However, with at least four deaths in the past few months related to Hillary Clinton, Comey probably didn't want their name added to the Clinton Body Count list.
Do you agree with Rick Perry that besides survival, James Comey has some political ‘skin in the game' with the Clintons somewhere?
Share your thoughts in the comments section below.
Want to listen to a really cool track? The single made from ice that can be played on any vinyl turntable
Swedish band the Shout Out Louds sent 10 ice record kits to press and fans
Water must be frozen in special mould for six hours
Once released, single can be played back on any record player - until it melts
In an age of downloads, the idea of listening to vinyl is an unusual one for many.
However, one Swedish band decided to make it ever harder to listen to their latest single - by asking people to make their own record.
The stunt for the Shout Out Louds, was created for their latest single, with 'ice record' kits sent to ten fans and journalists.
Scroll down for video (and to hear the ice record)
Swedish band the Shout Out Louds sent ten of the ice record making kits to fans and journalists
CHILL WITH OUR TOP FIVE
MailOnline has compiled this list of recordings that may sound better in ice - add your in the comments section below: Vanilla Ice - Ice, Ice Baby Foreigner - Cold As Ice Dean Martin - Baby It's Cold Outside Godley & Creme - Freeze Frame Mike Posner - Cooler Than Me To listen to the single, journalists were presented with a special box containing a bottle of water and a plastic mould. They were advised to use half the water to fill the mould, and then place it in a freezer for more than six hours . RELATED ARTICLES Previous
1
Next Steve Jobs listened to vinyl at home... because it sounded... The potty gadgets time forgot! The antiseptic kissing screen... Share this article Share Users are then told to carefully remover the record from the mould using their fingernail. Then it can simply be placed on a turntable as normal and played. However, unsurprisingly the audio does suffer somewhat.
In the video of the recording below, while the audio is audible, the playback is hissy and a long way from the digital download most of prefer to listen to use to listen to our music.
The kits contain a special mould, and a bottle of water
Once the mould is filled, it is frozen for six hours to make a single that can be played on a normal record player
After six hours, the record can be removed from the freezer
The video advises participants in the scheme to carefully remove the icy disc from its mould using their fingernails
The finished ice record
Mary Wheeler Awarded 2013 John von Neumann Medal for Career of Achievements
Mary Wheeler is the 2013 John von Neumann medalist. The medal is the highest award bestowed by the United States Association for Computational Mechanics.
Computational science is a field obsessed with convergence, where equations are scripted to result in real-world numbers that minimize risk and chance as much as possible.
With that in mind, it's a bit ironic that Mary Wheeler, the director of the ICES Center for Subsurface Modeling, became a mathematician and computational scientist because of an accidental encounter.
“My roommate in college was taking a numerical analysis course and I would see them working on those problems and I thought ‘that's interesting.' And that's how I first got involved,” said Wheeler, who was enrolled in the late 1950s at The University of Texas as a government major. “It happened by circumstance.”
That exposure ignited chain of events, starting with Wheeler adding a math major to their undergraduate studies, which would lead them to pursue a career in mathematics. Although their start in the field may have been a chance affair, Wheeler is now purposefully driving their chosen field forward as a world-renown researcher in subsurface modeling.
Wheeler has published over 250 research papers, and has made advancements in developing algorithms for modeling subsurface flow in a variety of contexts, from reservoirs of oil and gas beneath the earth's surface to blood flow beneath the human integument.
Now, their achievements have been recognized with the John von Neumann Medal, the highest award bestowed by the Unites States Association for Computational Mechanics.  They are the first woman to receive the medal in its 23-year history. The award honors individuals who have made “outstanding, sustained contributions in the field of computational mechanics generally over periods representing substantial portions of their professional careers.”
John von Neumann, the award's namesake, was a 20th century scientist and mathematician whose fundamental contributions to computer science, applied mathematics, and physics—as well as their ability to astound their colleagues with their feats of mental math—put them in the pantheon of scientific greats.
“It's a very prestigious award. And I'd like to say, I'm excited because von Neumann has been one of my heroes in science,” said Wheeler. “He appreciated the importance of these problems.”
Digging Deeper
It's not rare to hear mathematicians use the word “elegance” to describe the intrinsic beauty of a well-constructed theorem, even if it's not being applied to any “real-world” problem. Some mathematicians prefer to work with pure mathematics and focus on elegance over application.
Wheeler is not one of them.
“One of the things I noticed as a graduate student was that there were a lot of people in math who weren't really interested in physical problems. And that always bothered me,” said Wheeler. “Because I think it is interesting to do a problem just for curiosity. But it is exciting to see how you can apply it.”
The homepage to their personal website echoes this sentiment with a bolded, mission-statement at the top of the page.
"I really enjoy developing efficient and accurate solutions to real-world problems, while maintaining a solid theoretical base."
But the best way to see Wheeler's approach to mathematics and computational science is to examine their range of research projects and published papers spanning more than 50 years. Them research is united by the common topic of subsurface modeling, where the biggest funders come from the oil and gas industry, but the applications range much further than what an oil drill bit can reach.
“Your body is a subsurface and bones and breasts are a porous media. And the same mathematical models we do for geological subsurface also apply to the subsurface of the body,” said Wheeler. “This is not just a one-shot deal. Mathematics is the language of sciences and how you communicate results. And with this language, you can communicate it across different disciplines.”
In the past, Wheeler has applied a mathematical lens towards understanding topics like ground subsidence, where subsurface changes cause the Earth's surface to cave-in or shift, blood vessel formation, and contaminant transport in ground water.
Them most recent research aligns closely with issues on the forefront of the energy industry—how to safely extract oil and gas from the ground and how to store the greenhouse gas by-products that are released when those substances are combusted.
A model that Wheeler is developing shows how fractures induced in rock during the hydraulic fracturing process propagate and how fluids like water, chemicals and natural gas flow through the fractures.
“One of the issues is how do you connect [hydraulic fracturing] models with a fluid simulator. And that's not really being done right now [by other researchers],” said Wheeler.
Having a better idea how fractures spread in a rock, and liquids through them, is important to informing fracturing methods that don't disturb groundwater—an especially valuable resource in Texas, where some cities', including San Antonio's, water supply is almost completely dependent on ground water wells.
Another model of Wheeler's is simulating how rock can be used as a holding tank. The thinking here is to store CO2 gas in saline aquifers under the earth's surface, keeping the gas out of the atmosphere where it could contribute to the greenhouse effect, and out of the ocean where the gas contributes to ocean acidification.
“The idea is that if we stop the gas now, we can eliminate some of these greenhouse gasses to buy time until people can use solar, or come up with other approaches of energy,” said Wheeler. “We've seen that geomechanics needs to be incorporated into these carbon sequestration problems.”
“It's these issues of trying to tie environmental concerns with production,” said Wheeler. “You want it to be environmentally prudent.”
Wheeler and their research team have developed algorithms to combine geomechanics physics with fluid models. Each step of the combined model has hundreds of millions of unknown values, said Wheeler. But by developing a mathematical technique called figurative coupling, Wheeler and their team have been able to achieve convergence, or values that can be applied to real world problems.
“The technique is really nice for these problems because they are computationally intensive and this approach seems to converge quite fast and it's very robust,” said Wheeler.
Developing “new mathematics”—algorithms and analytic techniques that have never been used before—is what Wheeler and their research team must do to approximate sub-surface simulations that mirror reality, that understand the interaction of various processes to create an over-arching effect.
It's an immense change from what Wheeler studied as a mathematics graduate student at Rice University in the 1970s. Then, physics problems could only be approached in one dimension, with 10 data elements, and computer code was written on paper punch cards. Now, Wheeler says, problems take into account three dimensions, may have over a billion data elements, and are solved on supercomputers that can analyze quadrillion operations per second. The problems also include the mathematical subtleties of phase changes, mass transfer, as well as chemical, mechanical and thermal reactions.
“I have been lucky that this has been a golden age for computation,” said Wheeler.
Now, Then, and Next
“I've had an interesting career and I've enjoyed it very much,” said Wheeler. “But I never dreamed that I would be here.”
Wheeler entered the field of applied mathematics when women were practically non-existent in it.
As an undergraduate at UT they recall entering the engineering building and having a professor in a hallway ask her, “And whom do you belong to?”
Now, they hold the University of Texas at Austin's Ernest and Virginia Cockrell Chair and is a professor in the departments of aerospace engineering and engineering mechanics, and petroleum and geosystems engineering. Before joining UT, they were the Noah Harding Professor in engineering at Rice University.
“My family certainly encouraged me,” said Wheeler. “My mother, my husband, both were very encouraging, because certainly there weren't very many women at that time,” said Wheeler about their start in applied mathematics.
“It wasn't uncommon to go to an applied math or finite element meeting and go to a dinner where there were 40 men and I was the only woman”
Personal drive and family support aided Wheeler throughout their career. But Wheeler attributes luck as the force that started at all.
After all, if it had not been for a fateful roommate pairing, it's likely that Wheeler's career path may have gone in a completely different direction. They would have not spent decades advancing the field of applied mathematics, and mentoring dozens of graduate students who have gone on to forge their own careers. They would not have been awarded the John von Neumann medal.
Wheeler says they hope future students of applied mathematics won't have to be as “lucky” as they are.
“[The start of my career] just happened by circumstance, I fell into it. And people shouldn't just fall into it,” said Wheeler, who makes a point to participate in outreach efforts toward high school students, the most recent sponsored by the Bureau of Economic Geology. “They should have exposure to it. And that's why I'm interested in [outreach to] these small Texas towns, so at least students can be exposed to these opportunities.”
Article by Monica Kortsha
Doctor Sandile Kubheka qualified from UKZN at the age of 20 and is the youngest doctor in SA's history.
JOHANNESBURG - Dr Sandile Kubheka from Pietermaritzburg has made South African history by qualifying as the youngest doctor ever at the age of 20.
Kubheka graduated with a Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery degrees (MBChB) from the University of KwaZulu-Natal (UKZN)'s Nelson R Mandela School of Medicine with distinctions in obstetrics and gynaecology.
They matriculated from Siyamukhela High School at the age of 15 after having started school at the age of five.
"I am the first in my family to graduate with a medical degree," Kubheka told Talk Radio 702's Koketso Sochane.
Kubheka, who is the youngest of five children, strives toward answering a calling to heal patients' suffering from diabetes, HIV and tuberculosis.
They say they also plan to specialise in internal medicine.
The young doctor, who speaks with a maturity well beyond their age, says he's proud to carry a beacon of hope for theirs generation.
"In me, they see that ours is not a lost generation. This goes beyond my own achievements. It is humbling to know that people are motivated by my story."
Kubheka wished their mother a 'happy father's day' and makes it clear that without their willing sacrifice, they would not have achieved their life-long dream.
"She was a single mother to five children. My mother was also a father figure to us."
Kubheka enjoys their work with rural communities that often don't have access to medical treatment.
Their passion for assisting the disadvantage granted them the motivation to help register the Happy Valley Clinic as a non-profit organisation during their years as a student.
The enthusiastic doctor acquired an interest in endocrinology after being inspired by UKZN's Head of Department of Diabetes and Endocrinology, Professor Ayesha Motala, as well as a family member who suffers from Type 2 diabetes.
As a result, they served their internship at Grey's Hospital and hopes to eventually register for a Masters of Medicine degree super specialising in endocrinology.
"I am also fascinated by the endocrine system. Medicine is a profession that is always changing and as a doctor, you should always improve your knowledge."
Tehran: Hackers took over the social media accounts of Iran's Al Alam television Sunday and posted material supportive of the Saudi-led air war against Iran-backed rebels in Yemen, the Arabic-language channel said.
Al Alam accused the Saudi government of being behind the cyberattack in retaliation for the channel's critical coverage of the bombing campaign launched on March 26.
The hackers used Al Alam's official Twitter account to put out false reports of the death of the leader of Al Houthi militiamen in Yemen, Abdul Malik Al Houthi, forcing the channel to issue denials.
“Al Alam Twitter account and its YouTube network were hacked today, Sunday, by Saudi Arabia and were temporarily out of service,” the television said on its website.
The hackers posted several tweets containing what they said were the names and contact details of Al Alam correspondents around the Middle East.
“Think more if you are going to talk about Saudi Arabia,” the hackers wrote on Al Alam's Twitter account.
“This hack I would give it as a gift for our pilots,” said another tweet in English, referring to the air campaign in Yemen.
A video the hackers posted on Al Alam's YouTube account featured a song in praise of Saudi King Salman.
The channel said it was still trying to take back control of the hacked accounts.
It also announced new Twitter and YouTube accounts on its website.
The easy-listening white supremacists who surged out of the shadows during the presidential campaign are no less dangerous than their white power survivalist or raving skinhead counterparts. But they are hoping to rebrand themselves by wearing business clothes and attempting to sound reasonable as they advance a racist agenda. The debate about removing monuments to white supremacy that were built throughout the South a century or more ago is tailor-made for this tactic.
The white supremacist protest in Charlottesville, Va., this month over a plan to remove a statue of Robert E. Lee, the Confederate general, shows how this is likely to go. The marchers feigned civility. But a closer look shows that the protest drew on the toxic symbolism of the Third Reich in ways that few Americans would recognize.
By wielding torches in a protest staged by night, the demonstrators nodded to Nazi rallies held during the 1930s at Nuremberg, where the open flame was revered as a mystical means of purifying the Aryan spirit. They reinforced this toxic connection by chanting “blood and soil,” a Nazi-era slogan that connected German ethnic purity to cultivation of the land and, more broadly, to the notion that the “master race” was divinely entitled to confiscate the holdings of “lesser peoples,” even if it meant slaughtering them along the way.
The demonstrators at Charlottesville — led by the theatrically inclined white supremacist Richard Spencer — had no real interest in the civic or aesthetic value of the monument they ostensibly came to defend. The essence of their argument was that any attempt to renounce Confederate ideology by moving this — or any — monument would be an assault on the so-called white race.
“The next wave of fascists will not come with cattle cars and concentration camps, but they'll come with a smiley face and maybe a TV show,” Michael Moore said the night after Donald Trump was elected president. “That's how the 21st-century fascists will essentially take over.”
Moore was paraphrasing Bertram Gross, the social scientist who wrote 1980's Friendly Fascism: The New Face of Power in America. Gathered at the Criterion Collection's New York office to discuss Kirsten Johnson's documentary “Cameraperson” alongside “Citizenfour” director Laura Poitras, the 45-minute conversation revolved around Trump's shocking ascendancy.
The Huffington Post is premiering the audio from the event, where the trio of directors worried about the surveillance state surrounding protesters in America and around the world.
“There is a state of profound shock and a real sense of fear that these are dark days ahead,” Poitras said, with Moore reminding the audience that, according to the popular vote, more than half of the country did not want Trump to become its president.
Encouraging the fractured Democratic Party to block the Trump administration's regressive legislation and work toward impeachment, Moore, who made the pro-Clinton “TrumpLand” last month, said they know firsthand that Trump did not initially hope to win the presidency. The director wouldn't reveal their source, saying, “I know that it was all to hedge getting a better deal from NBC, re-upping for ‘The Celebrity Apprentice,' and they were trying to pit another network against NBC, and they thought that if they announced for president, for a month, there would be these great rallies ― because they knew, he's a famous person on TV ― that thousands of people would show up and it would kind of get this juice going.”
Russian hackers attacked at least one US voting software supplier days before last year's presidential election, according to a classified government intelligence report leaked on Monday that suggests election-related hacking penetrated further into US voting systems than previously known.
The "Top Secret" National Security Agency (NSA) report, which was published online by The Intercept, does not say whether the hacking had any effect on election results.
It does say, however, that Russian military intelligence attacked a US voting software company and sent spear-phishing emails to more than 100 local election officials at the end of October or beginning of November.
US intelligence agencies declined to comment.
The Intercept's report of the leaked document was published shortly before a government contractor was arrested on suspicion of leaking classified information to an undisclosed news organisation.
READ MORE: US senator accuses Russia of 'propaganda on steroids'
The document, according to The Intercept, said Russian military intelligence "executed cyber espionage operations against a named US company in August 2016 evidently to obtain information on elections-related software and hardware solutions, according to information that became available in April 2017".
The hackers are believed to have then used data from that operation to create a new email account to launch a spear-phishing campaign targeting US local government organisations, the document said.
"Lastly, the actors [sent] test emails to two non-existent accounts ostensibly associated with absentee balloting, presumably with the purpose of creating those accounts to mimic legitimate services."
The information in the leaked document seems to go further than the US intelligence agencies' January assessment of the hacking that occurred.
READ MORE - Donald Trump: 'I know a lot about hacking'
"Russian intelligence obtained and maintained access to elements of multiple US state or local electoral boards," an assessment said earlier this year.
The US Department of Homeland Security "assesses that the types of systems Russian actors targeted or compromised were not involved in vote tallying".
The Intercept contacted NSA and the national intelligence director's office about the document and both agencies asked that it not be published.
US intelligence officials then asked The Intercept to redact certain sections. The Intercept said some material was withheld at US intelligence agencies' request because it wasn't "clearly in the public interest".
The authenticity of the May 5 NSA document, which The Intercept said it obtained anonymously, could not be confirmed.
The leaked document was reported on the same day the Justice Department announced it had charged government contractor Reality Leigh Winner, 25, with leaking a classified report containing "Top Secret level" information to an online news organisation.
The report Winner allegedly leaked is dated May 5, the same date as the document The Intercept posted online.
Winner's lawyer, Titus Thomas Nichols, declined to confirm whether they are accused of leaking the NSA report received by The Intercept.
They also declined to name the federal agency for which Winner worked.
"My client has no [criminal] history, so it's not as if they have a pattern of having done anything like this before," Nichols said in a phone interview Monday. "She is a very good person. All this craziness has happened all of a sudden."
OPINION: Russia's soft warfare
In affidavits filed with the court, special FBI agent Justin Garrick said the government was notified of the leaked report by the news outlet that received it.
Garrick said the agency that housed the report determined only six employees had made physical copies. Winner was one of them. Garrick said investigators found Winner had exchanged email with the news outlet using their work computer.
Garrick's affidavit said they interviewed Winner at their home Saturday and they "admitted intentionally identifying and printing the classified intelligence reporting at issue" and mailing it to the news outlet.
Asked if Winner had confessed, Nichols said, "If there is a confession, the government has not shown it to me."
Former FBI Director James Comey, who was fired by US President Donald Trump last month, is expected to testify before an intelligence committee this week on the issue of Russian interference in the election.
Thin privilege is being able to sit on any bus seat you want without having the person you have to share a seat with stare at you the entire journey, like it's your fault for living. Thin privilege is to be able to eat your light breakfast on the bus (didn't have time before getting the bus or when i get to work) and not have someone make strange grunting sounds every time you take a mouthful. And finally thin privilege is not to have someone constantly shuffling around in the seat next to you making huffing noises and jabbing you in your side.
I actually felt physically sore/dirty when i got off the bus, because of the amount of times they elbowed me in the side.
(Mod note: cue “But sitting next to fat people is just as bad!” whines in three, two, one….-ATL)
In a few years, when you pull cash out of the ATM, you may end up looking at a woman's face.
Almost a year ago, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew announced that a woman would appear on the $10 bill. But the popularity of the musical Hamilton, and renewed interest in him, complicated matters. So now, rumors are circulating that Lew will announce that Hamilton will stay on the $10, a woman will appear on the $20, and Andrew Jackson, whose face currently occupies the front of the $20 note, will move to the back. Replacing them on the front, reportedly, will be Harriet Tubman, who won the Women on 20s online poll last spring.
It's hard to imagine a more fitting choice: A woman born into slavery who shepherded so many enslaved people to freedom through their Underground Railroad taking the place of a mass murderer, a genocidal man who worked as a slave trader and went on to force tens of thousands of Native Americans off their land through the Indian Removal Act, many of them dying on the Trail of Tears. If there were ever a guy to kick off the currency, Jackson is it.
And what a woman to take that spot. Harriet Tubman escaped slavery in their 20s, fleeing Maryland for Philadelphia—and immediately returning to smuggle their family north. They went back down to the South again and again, bringing more slaves north, even helping to ferry people to Canada when the Fugitive Slave Law left them vulnerable even in Northern states. Tubman famously "never lost a passenger" on their Underground Railroad, and their work earned them the nickname "Moses." They started out as a nurse in the Union Army before becoming a spy and an armed scout—she freed at least 700 enslaved people in the Combahee River Raid as the first woman in the war to lead an armed expedition. After the war, they were also an activist for women's voting rights.
Tubman's service to their nation, though, went under-recognized in their lifetime, and they lived in a state of financial stress. The standard war veteran pension at the time was $25 a month; after the death of their second husband, Tubman was granted $8 a month. After a year of fighting, Congress gave them a little bit more: $20.
That their face could be on that bill sends a strong message: In a country where little matters more than money, women matter too. It would be nice if we could put the face of a female president on the bill, but we've never had one of those. And it would be nice if we could say that the kind of gender discrimination Tubman faced when they were given an $8 pension and then a $20 one was a thing of the past, but still, women make a fraction of what men do—and black women make even less.
We remain a country in which women are in many cases second-class citizens, facing unequal treatment, left largely out of leadership positions, and marginalized in politics. For every woman in Congress, there are four men. A woman just may win the presidency this year, but they will be the first in 200 years.
A woman on the $20 bill won't fix any of this. But the way boys understand what it means to be men and girls understand what it means to be women is through a complex interplay of adults modeling behavior, cultural norms, and symbolism. When our representations of leadership and patriotism are all white men, it sends a message that leadership and patriotism are male things. That message can't be countered only with the promise that girls can be anything they want to be, contrary to the weight of the evidence.
Harriet Tubman on the $20 makes clear that women have shaped this country for the better and have made invaluable contributions — contributions they made despite being largely barred from political participation. That they will replace a man who engineered a genocide of this county's native population could not be more appropriate or more reflective of how much times may have changed.
Assuming, that is, that times actually have changed and it happens. There's no confirmation yet from the Treasury Department, and it seems that even if Tubman (or any woman) replaces Jackson on the $20, it'll be 14 years until any of us actually see their face in green. That's more than three times as long as the Civil War and comes after a century of women waiting to see a female face on a bill.
Women have waited long enough, and Americans have had to stare at Andrew Jackson's face coming out of the ATM for far too long. In a few years, cash may be obsolete and we'll all be paying with cards or our phones or some sort of retina scanner hooked directly to our Bitcoin stash. Sometime before that, it would be nice to open my wallet and see a few Tubmans inside.
File photo of Norwegian PM Erna Solberg on a 2014 visit to a Holmlia youth centre. Photo: Torstein Bøe / NTB scanpix
A new report has found that Norway beats its neighbours on integration, with better results in education, employment and income.
The report, based on data from OECD countries, was published by Norwegian research institute Inclusion and Diversity Directorate (Inkluderings- og mangfoldsdirektoratet – IMDi), and shows that Norway beats both Denmark and Sweden as well as a series of other EU countries on figures for immigrant education, employment and income.
But Norway's relative integration success is not necessarily a direct result of country's immigration policies.
The report said that Norway's strong economic growth and a large number of available jobs are the main reasons it outpaces its neighbours when it comes to integration. Additionally, Sweden has received the most refugees over the last ten years, while Norway has received the most working migrants, who are easier to get into employment.
The IMDi report measured integration by examining employment, education and living conditions among immigrants generally and young people with immigrant backgrounds in particular. In Norway, 28 percent of those aged 15 and 34 who have immigrant backgrounds are either employed or in education.
“The report shows that there are still major differences within Norway, and we definitely have big challenges. But if we compare ourselves with other countries on immigrants' employment, education level and income level, we score rather well,” Kristian Rose Tronstad, a researcher with the Norwegian Institute for City and Regional Research (Norsk institutt for by- og regionforskning), who wrote the IMDi report, told VG.
“[But] I would be cautious about saying that everything is rosy,” added Tronstad.
The report shows that 37 percent of immigrants in Norway are in higher education – the highest level in Scandinavia – and that this percentage is increasing year on year.
More immigrants are also in employment in Norway compared Denmark, Sweden and the most of the EU – the Norwegian employment level of 71 percent is beaten only by Iceland, Switzerland and Luxembourg. Some 66 percent of female immigrants are also working in Norway – a result way ahead of any other country. Immigrants in Norway also earn more than their Scandinavian counterparts, but the report said that much of that could be ascribed to the generally higher wages in Norway
However, many immigrants – both highly educated migrants and second-generation immigrants – are relatively poor at Norwegian, according to the report, which also finds that young people in the age range 15-34 are more likely to become marginalized than ethnic Norwegians.
The report also found that despite having the lowest immigrant unemployment rates, immigrants and those with immigrant backgrounds are still twice as likely to find themselves outside of the labour market than ethnic Norwegians.
It is the first time the sign has been stolen in the camp's history
The infamous Arbeit Macht Frei sign at the entrance to the Auschwitz Nazi death camp in Poland has been stolen, officials there say.
The sign was taken from above the gate overnight. Police are looking for the culprits.
It is the first time the sign, made by prisoners, has been stolen since it was erected in the early 1940s.
More than a million people - 90% of them Jews - were murdered by the Nazis at Auschwitz during World War II.
"It's a terrible thing," Auschwitz official Pawel Sawicki told the BBC.
"It had to be planned - it's obvious it wasn't someone who just came along to do it," they said.
The missing sign, which is occasionally removed by officials for conservation work, has been replaced by a replica.
During the Holocaust, hundreds and thousands of prisoners passed under the sign, whose words mean "Work Sets You Free", but the vast majority were murdered or worked to death.
Three people are dead and several homes were evacuated after an ammonia leak at a southeastern B.C. arena.
Emergency crews were called to the Fernie Memorial Arena in Fernie, B.C., late Tuesday morning — a town already dealing with sporadic power outages and damage from high winds.
RCMP and fire crews evacuated numerous homes and businesses in the vicinity of the arena, including a retirement home.
The dead have been identified as workers servicing the refrigeration plant at the municipal arena, which according to bulletins posted by the city was scheduled to be closed all day Tuesday for emergency repairs.
Details on what caused the leak has yet to be determined, and information about the deceased are being withheld pending notification of next of kin.
Crews managed to contain the leak by late afternoon, but as of Tuesday evening the site was still too toxic for workers to enter.
Specialized crews and equipment are enroute to assist in the cleanup.
City officials said residents will be prevented from returning home until they're certain it's safe.
Deadly when inhaled, anhydrous ammonia is a common industrial refrigerant frequently used in ice hockey rinks.
— With files from Postmedia Network
bpassifiume@postmedia.com
On Twitter: @bryanpassifiume
Verizon announced Tuesday it will soon begin using QR codes to allow users to log in to sites and programs in its Universal Identity Services portfolio.
If you want to know what the future holds for authentication on the web, it all depends on whom you ask. Some say it'll come in the form of biometrics – iris and fingerprint scans, etc. Others say the answer lies in a tangle of constantly changing two-factor verification codes users need to punch in.
According to Verizon this week, QR codes need a mention as well. The company announced Tuesday it will soon begin using the chunky black-and-white barcodes that users can scan with their smartphones to facilitate logins for programs in its Universal Identity Services portfolio.
Verizon's Chief Identity Strategist Tracy Hulver acknowledged on Tuesday that the move should reduce fraud, phishing attacks and “even reduce unnecessary expenses associated with help desk support and password resets.”
According to Verizon's own 2014 Data Breach Investigations Report (DBIR), stolen credentials were a serious threat. 422 incidents the company recorded stemmed from the use of a stolen password, “ahead of data exfiltration, RAM scraper malware, backdoors and even phishing attacks.”
http://youtu.be/sQU075PHq8I
To use the new QR code functionality, users will have to enroll for a Verizon Universal ID, and then download an app that will scan a “dynamically generated QR code” on the login page to be authenticated to sites that use them.
According to the company, the code can be scanned on the go, as is, or combined with a PIN or password for transactions, like banking, that may require a higher degree of security.
Verizon's Universal Identity Services is a suite of security programs that help end-users monitor security, dispense user logins and passwords via the cloud. Users can authenticate themselves with OATH hardware and software tokens, PIN numbers, passwords, one-time passwords, so on and so forth.
If users on services running Verizon's infrastructure don't want to rely on QR codes, they can opt for one-time passwords, in the vein of two-factor authentication, that users can use to get access.
The company will roll out the QR code feature soon for all UIS customers, employees and business partners.
QR codes have been touted as the next big thing – at least in marketing circles – for years now, but they've never seemed to have taken off among the security crowd.
In 2011, when the technology was in its relative infancy, hackers found a way to obfuscate the codes and trick users into clicking through to an Android-based Trojan. Similar to how users are never 100 percent sure of where they're being directed when they click on shortened links, users couldn't see past the QR codes' blocky barcode to see the malicious destination.
Last year Google was forced to patch its Glass product when researchers discovered that the glasses automatically read and reacted to QR Codes present in photographs. This could've forced the specs to connect to a “hostile” WiFi access point, along with other seedy web addresses.
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
For the first 10 minutes of “A Totally Fun Thing Bart Will Never Do Again,” The Simpsons was as good as it's ever been. The couch gag is fast and clever, immediately segueing into a montage of Bart's daily drudgery. First there's Monday, with Bart going through their normal schedule, being bored and bullied. Then Tuesday shows up, shoves Monday to the side. Then Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, all on the same screen, all showing similar but slightly different forms of Bart's world-weariness. It's audacious as well as visually dense; The Simpsons has, if anything, increased and improved its visual gags.
Advertisement
What follows is just as good. Bart sees a commercial for a cruise ship and, in classic Simpsons style, falls for its pitch immediately, trying to bring the family along. But they're not interested, pushing an increasingly desperate Bart to sell all their possessions to make the money for the cruise.
The malleability of The Simpsons' characters is often held up for (usually loving) mockery—for example, Lisa is a strident anti-consumerist one episode, then a television-watching zombie the next. It can also be a strength, though, since it allows the show the opportunity to tell stories that wouldn't fit with more consistent characterization. If Bart having ennui goes against their consistent depiction as a hedonistic rapscallion, then so be it. Why? Because it leads to an interesting episode!
The episode is titled “A Totally Fun Thing Bart Will Never Do Again,” which gives the first act some strength, as it seems to set the family up for an adventure based on David Foster Wallace's classic essay on cruises. It's perfectly poised to do that by the time the Simpsons arrive on the ship, as their hopes are set up to be crushed by what Wallace describes as the expectations of constant enjoyment and comfort.
Advertisement
This “Totally Fun Thing” doesn't go in that direction, though. In fact, it depicts the cruise as everything the family could hope for: Bart gets all the fun they want. Lisa meets fellow smart, engaged children in Kidz Zone Elite. Homer and Marge rekindle their love with the kids away. And Maggie, well, okay, Maggie gets ignored by the narrative. This does make a certain kind of sense: Wallace didn't write like someone who has the same interests as the Simpson family, after all.
The core tension of the episode, then, isn't that the family's expectations are dashed, but rather, that Bart wants to make it last forever. Here's a side of Bart that we rarely see: someone living outside the moment. Imagining themselves on their deathbed and thinking of how their whole life outside of the cruise was wasted is the sort of device typically reserved for the Simpson women, particularly Lisa. I don't mind this, though. Episodes that give Bart extra depth (“Bart Sells Their Soul” especially) are among my favorite Simpsons half-hours.
In order to maintain this perfect level of fun, Bart decides to deceive their fellow passengers and tell them that they're the last survivors of humanity, using a scene from a direct-to-video movie. This turns the cruise ship into a post-apocalyptic wasteland of fun, something that doesn't turn out to be as entertaining as the description makes it sound (although Homer in Mad Max costuming is a delight).
Advertisement
At the end, with Bart's prank exposed, the family is dropped off at Antarctica with a bunch of penguins. The Simpsons jerks into full metaphor mode here, with Bart cynically seeing the penguins as wasting their lives on repetition, but their family convinces them that the penguins take their fun when they can find it. It's an odd scene—too short for such big life lessons; unclear on whether the show was directly riffing on March Of The Penguins—butI ended up liking it because it was just so out there. It's good to see The Simpsons try an ambitious episode, and great to see those ambitions largely fulfilled.
Stray observations:
“There is no Mrs. Steak! Who could stay married to such a man?”
“I sold some of my rare jazz records. After a while they all start to sound the same.” Gauntlet thrown!
It's less funny on the ship after the apocalypse, but “I think I ate people meat!” made me laugh.
Practically every new rover, lander or orbiter sent to Mars in recent years turns up more evidence of water, both past and present. This vital liquid is necessary for life as we know it, but whether anything has ever lived on Mars is still a mystery. This week scientists reported new findings of water on the Red Planet that bring us closer than ever to finally answering the question.
The Curiosity rover's landing site on Mars, Gale Crater, used to hold a lake, scientists announced on Monday at the American Geophysical Union (AGU) meeting in San Francisco. And on Tuesday researchers analyzing photographs taken by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) reported that liquid water appears to be darkening the slopes of mountains near the Martian equator—the first time strong indications of present-day water have been seen in this region. Curiosity's latest results were reported in six papers this week in Science, and the evidence from MRO was published in Nature Geoscience. (Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group.)
The findings add to the growing picture that Mars was once habitable—a fact first settled by Curiosity in March. Now scientists are ready to start answering the larger question of whether it was ever actually inhabited. One of the key clues will be the presence or lack of complex organic compounds—molecules featuring carbon that are both ingredients for life and potential by-products of it. "Really what we're doing in the mission is turning the corner from a mission dedicated to the search for a habitable environment to now looking for the subset of habitable environments that also preserves organic carbon," Curiosity's project scientist John Grotzinger of the California Institute of Technology said during a press conference at the AGU meeting on Monday. "That's the next step we need to take as we explore the possibilities for life on Mars."
Curiosity found evidence for a former lake, about the size of one of New York State's Finger Lakes, in a region called Yellowknife Bay. There, the rover drilled two holes to study subsurface geology and chemistry. By baking these rock samples in its SAM (Sample Analysis at Mars) oven and analyzing the gases they produced, Curiosity found carbon dioxide and nitric oxide. Although some quantities of these molecules could have been contamination from Earth, the large amounts seen by SAM suggest they exist on Mars. "This is really important," said Jennifer Eigenbrode of NASA Goddard Space Flight Center at the press conference. "Carbon and nitrogen are required by all life-forms. Therefore [Yellowknife Bay] could have supported life."
Yet finding more complex organic compounds could be challenging. These molecules, such as the amino acids that build life's proteins, are not very hardy: radiation from the sun easily breaks them apart. "How the organics are actually preserved and what happens after the radiation hits them is something we're going to have to explore further," Eigenbrode said. Even if Mars did have ancient life, fossil evidence might not necessarily survive. The lake might have existed billions of years ago; on Earth, which is teeming with life, it is rare to find microfossils from that far back, Grotzinger said. "The trick is to make sure you have enough of the good minerals and as little as possible of the bad radiation that will vaporize them."
Water was not just a fixture of Mars' past—it could be surprisingly abundant in the present as well. In 2001 researchers announced they had seen what looked like flowing water on mid-latitude Martian slopes. Now the same team, led by Alfred McEwen of the University of Arizona, reports similar dark slope features near the equator based on observations from orbit by MRO. "If our interpretation that this is due to water is correct, then it means the near-surface equatorial region is wetter than we thought," McEwen says. "This is really puzzling. It implies there's a surprisingly active water cycle, given that it hasn't rained in so long there."
The watery-looking features, called slope lineae, show up in the warmest season and gradually fill out the slope over time. Then when Mars gets colder, the features fade and eventually disappear, recurring again in the subsequent warm season. Scientists first thought this water was melting from surface ice, but that interpretation is less likely for the slopes near the equator, where the surface is probably too warm for ice. Now researchers suggest that perhaps groundwater is rising to the surface or that water vapor from the thin atmosphere on Mars condenses and flows down the slopes. It is also possible that slope lineae are not water at all. They could represent dust streaks or avalanches, although, if so, their growth pattern would be surprising.
If these dark streaks are flowing water, microbes could possibly live there, although life would be unlikely to originate in such a harsh environment, says Peter Smith of the University of Arizona in Tucson, who led NASA's Phoenix lander mission on Mars. "But say four billion years ago, microbes had a rich community on Mars and started to evolve into every niche they could find. If some ended up on these slopes, and over the years maybe they built up a vital community, and then in the dry periods they could go dormant. You could imagine these things."
Until more conclusive evidence of water emerges, Martian life—past or present—will stay in the realm of imagination. "Astronomy has always been this way," Smith says. "You start in a state of incredible ignorance, and you find bits of knowledge here and there and you try to build up a big picture. We need a breakthrough. If Curiosity could just find a good solid piece of organic material and know that it's Martian, that would be a wonderful thing."
Welcome to Mega Buzz, your go-to place for the latest and greatest spoilers on your favorite TV shows. We know you have questions, and we have answers! If you're craving scoop on something in particular, e-mail us your question at mega_scoop@tvguide.com or drop us a line at Twitter.com/TVGuide. You can also catch up on all the latest Mega Buzz right here!
By now, most of us know from the awesome trailer that the big WestAllen wedding in the four-part CW superhero crossover has a few very rude party crashers, thus the ensuing chapel fight between Teams Arrow, Flash, Supergirl and Legends against a band of Earth-X nazis.
What you might not know is that this wedding has another very mysterious guest whose intentions seem far less deadly than the other crashers. Keep your eye out for an adorably awkward caterer who approaches Barry to help calm any pre-wedding jitters, because this girl seems way too jazzed to be watching Iris (Candice Patton) and Barry (Grant Gustin) take their vows.
We've got our theories about who they are — not to mention what their connection to Barry and Iris could be — but we'll keep them to ourselves for now. The fact that she's played by Jessica Parker Kennedy (The Secret Circle) should give you a hint though.
The four-part Arrow-verse crossover event begins Monday at 8/7c on The CW.
Based on the lyrics of "99 Red Balloons" (To see the lyrics, go here: [link] This is actually an idea that I attempted two years ago, but at the time I didn't have the skills to finish it satisfactorily. I spent something like 10 hours on the first version before giving up. ...but I thought I'd have another go at the concept for my Digital Image Design class (the same class I did Tron: The Virus and My Universe for). It's a fantastic feeling to have finally finished this.As part of the course, we were asked to try as many techniques as we could. I ended up using a bit of photography for the buildings, with heavy repainting.The people in the city must have thought I was such a tourist running around taking photos of buildings! The rest of the picture is all CG painted in my normal technique.^_< ...and before you ask, yes, there are 99 red balloons.Details available here: Details -Done over four weeks, no idea how many hours any more-Photoshop CS2 & Wacom tablet, Pentax digital camera,
Route 128 traffic is about to get worse: A section will be closed for two weekend days in November.
For the first time in recent memory, a section of Route 128 will close for two weekend days in November while crews demolish the Highland Avenue Bridge in Needham, detouring highway traffic onto local roads.
Consider yourself warned: The closure is scheduled to begin in the late evening of Nov. 4 and continue through Nov. 6, for those whose travel plans may take them that way.
“It's not the Big Dig, but for around here, it's pretty big,” said Daniel P. Matthews, a Needham selectman, of the looming inconvenience.
Advertisement
Transportation officials said they could not remember the last time the state had completely shut down a portion of Route 128/Interstate 95, outside of an emergency. The only highway closures that came to mind harkened back to the Big Dig and its nightmarish detours through Boston.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Even when the state closed lanes on Interstate 93 during a project to quickly fix bridges, it left half the lanes open during weekends.
John McInerney, a district construction engineer for the Massachusetts Department of Transportation, said the closure is necessary to keep drivers safe as workers take apart the bridge, which runs over the highway.
“There's never a good time to do it,” they said. “You just try to pick the least painful.”
RELATED: Rebuilt Longfellow Bridge may reopen by June 2018
The bridge, which passes over Route 128/Interstate 95 and connects Newton with Needham, was originally built in 1931 and reconstructed in 1953. The demolition represents a major step toward the completion of the Add-A-Lane project for Route 128/Interstate 95, a stretch of road so crowded the state has been allowing drivers to use the breakdown lane for more than three decades.
Advertisement
The long-running project, which began in 2003, is adding new lanes in both directions along nearly 15 miles of the highway, from Randolph to the Wellesley-Needham line. In the process, two dozen overpasses have been rebuilt, but none of those projects have required the closure of the highway underneath.
STARTS & STOPS: MBTA failed to spend enough on repairs, expansion
Construction has entered its sixth and final phase along 3.8 miles through Needham to Wellesley. This last portion, completed largely by Barletta Engineering and Heavy Division of Canton, will cost the state about $137.5 million. The project is scheduled to be finished by 2019.
For the Highland Avenue bridge, engineers decided to forgo the usual practice of rebuilding the bridge in place, instead choosing to construct a new steel-and-concrete bridge beside the old one, which has remained in use.
On Saturday night, the state will begin redirecting traffic over the new bridge, which has a higher clearance for cars. As heavy-duty excavators dismantle the old arch bridge in November, the state must close traffic on — and under — the new bridge.
“We can't have traffic running under the bridge when the machines are out there tearing it apart,” McInerney said.
RELATED: Feds have reservations about Green Line, but encourage state to move forward
Advertisement
State officials have not announced the detours that will be put in place. But in an area all too familiar with snarled traffic, some are fearing the worst.
Arthur Wright, the owner of Mighty Subs, a nearby Needham eatery, said that the highway closure will be the latest in a long line of local detours.
“We've got tons of traffic around here, so nobody is more flabbergasted than they already are,” they said. “We're just going to deal with it, and move on.”
RELATED: Amtrak threatens to cut Boston rail service
Engineers say that they will do their best to move quickly and minimize any major disruptions for drivers. They chose a weekend for the demolition to avoid weekday traffic, and decided to complete the work in two days, rather than the initially scheduled four.
At first, the demolition was scheduled to take place between August and the early fall, McInerney said. But Verizon, which runs utilities over the bridge, faced a strike that postponed the project.
MassDOT officials did not provide numbers showing how much traffic passes through the area.
On occasion, accidents have forced area highways to close. In 1985, a tanker truck carrying 11,500 gallons of gasoline overturned on Route 128 in Peabody and burst into flames. About 2 miles of the highway were closed for two days after the fire melted a section of asphalt, backing up traffic as far as 8 miles.
RELATED: Longfellow Bridge rebuild costs still unclear
But this time around, people have advance notice. Matthews, the Needham selectman, says they think the inconvenience will be worth the extra lane. People have been talking about widening the highway since they were in high school, they said.
“In the long run, it's going to be a good thing,” they said. “People are patient.”
Susan Richards, the director of the nearby Carter Memorial Nursery School, has a similar outlook.
“Well, they've got to do it sometime, right?” they said. “So, better on the weekend than during the week.”
Nicole Dungca can be reached at nicole.dungca@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ndungca
Actor says they and their wife refuse to pay ‘a penny more' until tax evaders found among Swiss banking arm's clients go to prison
Greg Wise, the actor married to Oscar winner Emma Thompson, has said they and their wife will refuse to pay tax until those involved in the HSBC scandal go to prison.
Wise spoke of their disgust with HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) and the bank after the Guardian and other news organisations published leaked details of 100,000 accounts held by HSBC's Swiss arm which showed how the bank had helped clients to move cash out of the country.
Emma Thompson and Greg Wise: a new mission for the latter-day Chartists Read more
“I want to stop paying tax, until everyone pays tax,” Wise told the Evening Standard. “I have actively loved paying tax, because I am a profound fucking socialist and I believe we are all in it together. But I am disgusted with HMRC. I am disgusted with HSBC. And I'm not paying a penny more until those evil bastards go to prison.”
We'll go to prison if necessary Greg Wise on not paying tax
Wise, who is rehearsing for Kill Me Now, their first play in 17 years, said Thompson was willing to go along with their act of civil disobedience.
“Em's on board. They agree. We're going to get a load of us together. A movement. They can't send everyone to prison. But we'll go to prison if necessary. I mean it. It's going to be like 1848 all over again.”
HMRC has come under fire in the HSBC scandal because of a failure to carry out a criminal investigation against the bank, which has its headquarters in the UK. While the agency found more than 1,000 tax evaders among the almost 7,000 UK clients of HSBC Suisse, only one individual has been prosecuted. About £135m has been recovered in tax, a lower figure than in other European countries.
Stuart Gulliver, the head of HSBC, has apologised in writing and again on Monday, when they said the bank's bosses were shamed and humbled by the scandal.
They have been summoned to appear before a Treasury select committee on Wednesday afternoon with the group's chairperson after revelations that they had a bank account in Switzerland that was routed through Panama. Lin Homer, the HMRC chief executive, will also be questioned.
HSBC boss says bank 'shamed' by Swiss tax avoidance Read more
Wise, a Labour supporter, expressed disappointment at the party as the country heads for a general election in May. “I'm in absolute despair at all of them,” they said. “I liked Tony before they made their mistakes. I cannot forgive them and the party, and the country. I was one of the 2 million out there, marching. Made fuck-all difference. There is no such thing as democracy.”
Wise said injustice made them more angry than anything. “Whether it's someone being hassled in the street to HSBC getting away with this. I'm the least violent man you've ever met, but I will plough into fights in the street to stop someone being set upon. Days afterwards I'm a mess because I hate violence. But I cannot see injustice.”
They added: “Yes, I've got my basic north London leftwing woolly ideas about what's going on. [Companies like] HSBC haven't even been slapped on the wrist [because of this] beautiful grey area between avoidance and evasion. It's iniquitous. We need to do something – come on!”
The sixth entry in the long running Disgaea series is coming to the PS4 later this year. But for those of you who can't wait to experience the series usual blend of clever gags and hellish combat, we've got you covered with a round of character profiles showcasing the game's oddball cast of demons.
First up, we have Disgaea 5‘s main character, the revenge-seeking demon, Killia.
Next we have the beautiful and haughty princess Seraphina of the nation of Gorgeous, the richest land in all the world.
Do you like bunny girls? Because Nippion Ichi sure does, as we can see as we move on to Usalia, the heir to the Toto Bunny who is cursed to turn into a monster if they do not consume curry on a regular basis.
Red Magnus is the Overlord of Scorching Flames and fancies themselves the strong demon in all the underworld, and will do anything to prove it. Even if it means defeating the Dark Void.
Zeroken is the self-proclaimed inheritor of the legendary Demon Fist, Goldion, and appears to help Killia and the rest of the team despite the fact that no one really asked them to. Will this interloper be useful? That is something you'll have to play the game to find out!
Lastly we have Christo, an overlord affiliated with a certain underworld. A gifted tactician, they have allied themselves with the party because they see great potential in Killia…and believes that the youth might be their best bet for killing the Dark Void once and for all.
You can dive into the underworld with Disgaea 5 when it hits the PS4 this fall. For more gaming news and reviews, make sure to follow us on Twitter, @APGNation.
The Royal Automobile Museum in Amman, Jordan is the kind of place that you are unlikely to have on your list of places to visit, but ends up as one of the most treasured memories once you luck your way across it.
At one point during my sponsored trip to Jordan by the great people at the Jordan Tourism Board I had an afternoon free in Amman after getting back from a day trip. My guide and driver suggested I check out the Royal Automotive Museum in the hours I had before dinner. I think they really just half-wanted to get rid of me for a bit, which is understandable after hanging out with me almost constantly for a week.
Heck, I get sick of myself after that much time with me also.
The reason for the existence of the Royal Automotive Museum in the first place is simple. King Hussein, who was king of Jordan from 1956 until their death in 1999, was a complete and total car lover. Cars and motorcycles were their passion. I think it would be safe to call them a car nut.
Their son, Abdullah II, the current King of Jordan, built the museum in their father's honor. The collection consists of dozens upon dozens of autos and motorcycles from Jordanian history. The various official cars that the kings of Jordan have driven around and been driven around in, are on display going back to the turn of the 20th century.
It is a very impressive collection and the detailed history of each car added to my fascination. The car that King Hussein rode around in upon their return from their first successful cancer treatment session in the U.S. was on display, along with some photos of the throngs of crowds that greeted them as they drove through the streets of Amman.
The combination of history and cool cars had me enthralled from the moment I walked in until I left.
At the hotel I was staying over on the Dead Sea there were riders in town for the annual Jordan Rally, which is one of the biggest off-road automobile races in the world.
Yes, yet another thing I would have never known about Jordan if I hadn't run smack dab into it while I was there.
King Hussein actually raced in the rally a number of times and won it on at least one occasion. There is a great picture of them in the car they won the race in at the museum, right next to the car, but my photo of it didn't turn out well enough to include here.
I think I really would have enjoyed meeting him.
For a great guide for Walking Amman, check out that post by my friends at thePlanetD. If you want some advice on shopping in Jordan, don't miss my friend Janice's post.
Helms & Boots
Shoulders & Chest Armors
Belts & Pants
Sources
Bracers & Amulets
One of the Elements
Arcane
Cold
Fire
Lightning
Arcane
Cold
Fire
Lightning
Poison
Multiple/Other
Tal Rasha's Elements
(2) Set:
Cold skills deal 5% more damage.
Fire skills deal 5% more damage.
Lightning skills deal 5% more damage.
Arcane skills deal 5% more damage.
Cold skills deal 5% more damage. Fire skills deal 5% more damage. Lightning skills deal 5% more damage. Arcane skills deal 5% more damage. (3) Set:
+100 Resistance to All Elements
Increases Arcane Power Regeneration by 2.00 per Second (Wizard Only)
+100 Resistance to All Elements Increases Arcane Power Regeneration by 2.00 per Second (Wizard Only) (4) Set:
Damaging enemies with Arcane, Cold, Fire or Lightning will cause a Meteor of the same damage type to fall from the sky. There is an 8 second cooldown for each damage type.
Firebird's Finery
(2) Set:
+500 Intelligence
+500 Intelligence (4) Set:
When you die, a meteor falls from the sky and revives you. This effect has a 300 second cooldown.
When you die, a meteor falls from the sky and revives you. This effect has a 300 second cooldown. (6) Set:
Enemies killed by Fire damage explode and set nearby enemies on Fire, dealing 300% weapon damage over 5 seconds.
Vyr's Amazing Arcana
(2) Set:
+500 Intelligence
+500 Intelligence (4) Set:
Archon gains the effect of every rune.
Chantodo's Resolve
(2) Set:
+250 Intelligence
Reduces damage from elites by 10.0%
Your shields heal for 25% of their remaining amount when they expire.
Helms/Hats
Shoulders
Chest Armors
Belts
Pants
Boots
Bracers
Gloves
Amulets
Rings
Weapons
Sources
This article originally appeared on the Broadbent Institute website. I attended the annual meeting of the Canadian Medical Association (CMA) as a representative of Canadian Doctors for Medicare last year. The meeting was not at all what I'd expected.
Social determinants like poverty, education and nutrition, are as important as health-care in shaping our well-being. ( PAUL CHIASSON / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
The CMA, as a professional association representing doctors, has often been seen – fairly or unfairly – as working primarily for the interests of the physicians it represents with patients and health equity appearing at times to be an afterthought. This impression was particularly prevalent during the presidencies of Brian Day (2007-8) and Robert Ouellet (2008-9), both vocal advocates for privatization (and owners of private, for-profit health care facilities) who used their tenure to advocate for greater private payment for essential health services. As someone who had come to view the organization with some degree of distrust, the Yellowknife meeting was like stepping into a “bizarre” CMA. The keynote speaker was Sir Michael Marmot, who brought the challenging message that "inequality is killing on a grand scale" and that it is the role of governments, and physicians, to address the causes of health inequities. We've known for decades, through Dr Marmot's famous Whitehall study and many others, that health care is only one element in determining health outcomes – a far less influential factor than income, education, housing, nutrition and the wider environment. However, this information has had little impact on how medicine is practiced, and this can be frustrating for doctors, uncertain of how to translate this understanding from the conceptual to the clinical.
Article Continued Below
A paper released by the CMA at that Yellowknife meeting on the role of the physician in achieving health equity tackled the issue head-on, and encouraged doctors to think differently about how they can address the social determinants of health in practice. This theme of addressing the social determinants of health, which has been getting increasing attention through the medical association presidencies of Jeff Turnbull in Ontario, John Haggie in Newfoundland, and now Yellowknife's Anna Reid, was taken a step further with the recent release of "Health Care in Canada: What Makes Us Sick". The result of a series of town halls across Canada, this report underlines the degree to which four determinants in particular – income, housing, nutrition and food security, and early childhood development – influence the health and well-being of Canadians. It also goes a step further, proposing a dozen recommendations on how to address these determinants. These are significant enough that it's worth posting them here in their entirety. Recommendation 1: That the federal, provincial, and territorial governments give top priority to developing an action plan to eliminate poverty in Canada. Recommendation 2: That the guaranteed annual income approach to alleviating poverty be evaluated and tested through a major pilot project funded by the federal government.
Recommendation 3: That the federal, provincial and territorial governments develop strategies to ensure access to affordable housing for low- and middle-income Canadians. Recommendation 4: That the “Housing First” approach developed by the Mental Health Commission of Canada to provide housing for people with chronic conditions causing homelessness should be continued and expanded to all Canadian jurisdictions.
Article Continued Below
Recommendation 5: That a national food security program be established to ensure equitable access to safe and nutritious food for all Canadians regardless of neighbourhood or income. Recommendation 6: That investments in early childhood development, including education programs and parental supports, be a priority for all levels of government. Recommendation 7: That governments, in consultation with the life and health insurance industry and the public, establish a program of comprehensive prescription drug coverage to be administered through reimbursement of provincial–territorial and private prescription drug plans to ensure that all Canadians have access to medically necessary drug therapies. Recommendation 8: That the federal government recognize the importance of the social and economic determinants of health to the health of Canadians and the demands on the health care system. Recommendation 9: That the federal government require a health impact assessment as part of Cabinet decision-making process. Recommendation 10: That local databases of community services and programs (health and social) be developed and provided to health care professionals, and where possible, targeted guides be developed for the health care sector. Recommendation 11: That the federal government put in place a comprehensive strategy and associated investments for improving the health of aboriginal people that involves a partnership among governments, non-governmental organizations, universities and aboriginal communities. Recommendation 12: That educational initiatives in cross-cultural awareness of aboriginal health issues be developed for the Canadian population, particularly for health care providers. Pharmacare, Housing First, a national food security program and guaranteed annual income: these are ideas that could be considered quite radical. They would certainly be outside of what most Canadian politicians would openly discuss as options. And yet, here they are, coming from what is thought to be one of the most conservative professional organizations in the country. Why? Because whatever self interest may influence physician politics, the purpose of the profession is still, at its heart, to work for the best health outcomes for patients. The weight of the evidence for the social determinants of health, and the need for creative, system-wide policy changes to address them, is simply too great to ignore. In Yellowknife, Sir Michael Marmot was kind enough to offer a few words of introduction at the local launch of my own book that deals with the social determinants of health, A Healthy Society. I was honoured that they had read the book. They did, however, take umbrage with one section of the book, in which I quoted Dr. Dennis Raphael who has described the social determinants of health as a concept existing in a “Phantom Zone,” well known to academics but failing to make the leap into the consciousness of decision-makers or the general public. Marmot said that disconnect no longer applies, and cited the CMA meeting as an example that these concepts are becoming mainstream and could influence policy. I hope he's right, and I think this paper from the CMA is a remarkable piece of evidence that the tide of public and professional opinion is turning in this direction. There is still, however, growing inequality in Canada, there are still housing and homelessness crises in many Canadian cities, food insecurity — especially among First Nations and Métis people — is a chronic problem, and early childhood development programs are inconsistent and inadequate across the country. In other words, there is still a lot of work to be done to make sure that recognition of the role of social factors in determining health outcomes translates into action that improves the lives of Canadians. Listening to the voice of Canadian doctors and following the recommendations outlined in "What Makes Us Sick?" would be a healthy start. Ryan Meili is a Saskatoon-based family doctor and health equity advocate.  They are currently the head of the Division of Social Accountability at the University of Saskatchewan's College of Medicine. Follow Ryan on Twitter @ryanmeili.
LONDON, England - Keystrokes could soon replace Kalashnikovs as the harbinger of future wars once NATO leaders endorse an updated policy that places catastrophic cyberattacks in the same league as real-world bombs and bullets.
A major digital assault against any of the alliance's 28 members would have the potential to trigger a response under NATO's collective defence clause, according to a revised policy that's expected to get final blessing at this week's summit in Wales.
The concern came into sharp focus last week with reports of a major cyberattack on U.S. banks which defence officials blamed on Russia.
The revised policy, crafted earlier this year as the crisis in Ukraine unfolded, was quietly approved by NATO defence ministers in June. For the first time, it paves the way for members to retaliate against cyberattacks with measures that could include the use of conventional military forces.
While NATO has always informally retained that right, the policy codifies the practice in what's being seen as an attempt to minimize the time it takes to make important political decisions in a crisis.
The policy will be on the agenda later this week as NATO leaders gather in Cardiff for their annual summit meeting. Prime Minister Stephen Harper's plane touched down in London on Tuesday in advance of the talks, which go Thursday and Friday.
But critical questions remain unclear, say experts who have tracked development of the plan.
When does an attack in cyberspace constitute an act of war? And should Western allies adopt an offensive posture to counter the growing, sophisticated capabilities of adversaries such as Russia and China?
Observers say the decisions being taken this week in Wales could lay down markers for possible future conflicts and have far-reaching implications for NATO's all-for-one, one-for-all strategy.
The policy does not spell out what the threshold of damage must be in order for a nation to call for retaliation, nor does it prescribe what NATO's collective response should be.
Those are issues that will be dealt with on a case-by-case basis, said Karla Tothova-Jordan, a cyberwarfare expert at the Atlantic Council's centre for international security in Washington.
"It is purposefully ambiguous because, as anyone at NATO will tell you, (the response to an attack) will be a political decision," said Tothova-Jordan, whose background is in international law.
Spelling out a clear threshold would also encourage adversaries, such as Russia, to calibrate their attacks to inflict just enough damage to avoid retaliation, they added.
"If you say: 'You take down our ATMs, it is Article 5,' then they will always find a way to play just below that level," they said. "They will always find a way to be a nuisance and play just below that threshold."
The speed, precision and fidelity with which the Russians used cyberattacks to annex Crimea last spring scared the pants off military leaders, who described the isolation of Ukrainian military forces in the region from the central government as a "decapitation."
"Ukraine was absolutely disconnected from being able to do anything with their forces in that area," NATO Supreme Commander U.S. Gen. Phillip Breedlove said during a stop in Ottawa last May.
"Cyber was one of three tools used, and used quite exquisitely."
The other aspect that impressed western military leaders, including the head of Canada's joint operations command, was how savvy the Russians proved to be at using social media for their information war.
"They managed the communications sphere very well," Lt.-Gen. Stuart Beare said.
"They were able to communicate and dominate the (public) messaging. They were filling the space through their networks with their message on the regional and home front audiences."
Some have coined what happened last spring as "the grey zone war," where there was just enough ambiguity to instill hesitation.
NATO has been slow to fully embrace cyber-concepts and has — at times — been gripped by internal debate about where the line is between a defensive and offensive posture.
There are some within the alliance who advocate taking on hackers and potential adversaries with the virtual equivalent of online disruption operations, say several defence insiders.
The best example would be the 2010 use of the so-called "Stuxnet" virus on computers running Iran's nuclear program. The origin of the malware has never been revealed but several published reports, including the New York Times and the Guardian in Britain, quote experts as saying only one organization — the U.S. National Security Agency — has the sophistication to build such a weapon.
Since all nations are not as technically adept, Tothova-Jordan said it would be a mistake for NATO to develop an offensive strategy.
"Many member states still don't understand what they are talking about," they said.
It's understandable that countries, which have already invested hundreds of millions of dollars and euros into their own capability, would be reluctant to share at an alliance-wide level.
But NATO, according to its new policy, is pushing ahead with minimum standards for cyberdefence.
Each nation will be required to take certain measures to protect themselves and their networks, but defence insiders say the alliance is still struggling with how to engage each country.
For example, the alliance has been quietly trying to convince eastern European corporations to better defend themselves, but has met with little success.
ALSO ON HUFFPOST:
The breast is a microenvironment. It consists of epithelium, stroma, and a mucosal immune system. It is also home to a collection of microbes. Call them partners, bystanders, or interlopers, these microbes are actually community members. And it is as a community that a particular collection of microbes—a microbiome—may impact the wider microenvironment, contributing to health or illness. When the microenvironment is the breast, the microbiome may contribute to the development of cancer.
This possibility was considered by scientists based at the Mayo Clinic after they found evidence of bacteria in sterilely obtained breast tissue. In an article (“The Microbiome of Aseptically Collected Human Breast Tissue in Benign and Malignant Disease”) that appeared August 3 in Scientific Reports, the Mayo Clinic scientists indicated that they had found differences in the breast tissue microbiome between women with and without breast cancer.
The article describes how the scientists used 16S rDNA hypervariable tag sequencing to assess breast tissue microbial signatures in intraoperatively obtained samples. With this approach, the scientists were able to show that the breast tissue microbiome is different from the microbiota of breast skin tissue, breast skin swabs, and buccal swabs. Essentially, the scientists confirmed the presence of a distinct breast tissue microbiome, one that is different from the microbiome of the overlying breast skin.
“Furthermore, we identify distinct microbial communities in breast tissues from women with cancer as compared to women with benign breast disease,” wrote the authors of the study. “Malignancy correlated with enrichment in taxa of lower abundance including the genera Fusobacterium, Atopobium, Gluconacetobacter, Hydrogenophaga, and Lactobacillus.”
According to Amy Degnim, M.D., a breast surgical oncologist at Mayo Clinic and one of the study's co-authors, it remains unclear whether small shifts in microbial communities, the presence of a virulent pathogenic strain, or the absence of a beneficial one might be responsible for promoting the development of cancer in the breast microbiome. However, they say the findings of this study will spur further research to identify potential causes of breast cancer development and new microbial-based prevention therapies.
“Differences in the microbiome have been implicated in cancer development at a variety of body sites, including stomach, colon, liver, lung and skin,” noted Dr. Degnim. “There is,” added Nick Chia, Ph.D., a microbiome researcher at Mayo Clinic, “mounting evidence that changes in the breast microbiome may be implicated in cancer development and the aggressiveness of cancer and that eliminating dangerous microorganisms or restoring normal microbiota may reverse this process.”
UPDATED Monday, 12:25 P.M.: Spain and Germany have been added and numbers updated. We will continue to add numbers as we receive them. The U.S. box office monster The Lego Movie updated grosses have been input.
PREVIOUSLY, Sunday, 11:28 A.M.: This weekend is down just about 8% off last year, an improvement off last week's 25% drop in the comparable time frame. Walt Disney Studios' Frozen pushed past the $900M worldwide mark this weekend to $913.7M. In China, it took in an estimated $13.7M since bowing on Wednesday amid a crowded Lunar New Year field. It is the biggest Disney Animation opening ever in China and the second biggest Disney/Pixar animated opening film there behind Monster's University. Frozen's international cume is now an estimated $545.1M. The Lego Movie, which did a whopping $69.1M domestically, debuted in 34 markets and raked in a strong $18.7M from 5,695 screens. It was notably constructive in Mexico, Spain, Brazil and Hong Kong where it nabbed the No. 1 spots. In Hong Kong, it ranked ahead of four local titles for the top spot and $1M. Meanwhile, Universal's 47 Ronin becomes the distributors' first picture to cross the $100M mark in 2014. It grossed another $4.5M in 39 territories this weekend in 2,184 locales. Its worldwide cume is nearing $138M with six territories yet to open over the next two months. DreamWorks Animation's Mr. Peabody & Sherman traveled back to the past to score a real-time No. 1 in the UK where it bested new opener Robocop. Robocop, however, opened at No. 1 in 10 markets this weekend for an estimated cume to date of $28.7M ahead of its bow in 30 more territories this week, plus the U.S. on Wednesday. The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug has so far grossed $602.7M internationally to push its worldwide cume to $858M. Here are the key territory breakdowns for the above and other films this week:
Related: BOX OFFICE: ‘Lego' Blockbuster $69M+; ‘Monuments Men' Solid Second; ‘Vampire Academy' Has No Bite
ASIA
Frozen opened in China on February 5, in the waning days of the Lunar New Year celebration that was packed with local pics. The Disney film earned an estimated $13.7M to make it the 2nd biggest Disney/Pixar animated bow ever. The last animated studio film to debut in the country was Universal's Despicable Me 2 in early January which took $14.4M in its opening frame and now has over $49M. In Korea, Frozen dropped 32% from a weekend earlier for a new cume of $57.7M; it is the highest animated title ever in that territory. Robocop continued its career in Malaysia (+$1M), Singapore (+$550K) and Taiwan (+480K). It's now at an estimated cume of $28.7M. It also opened in the Philippines with $1.1M. Despite a severe snowstorm in Japan, The Wolf Of Wall Street grossed $725K from 242 screens dropping 56% from last weekend for a territory cume of $3.9M — and it's still No. 1 there.
UK
Mr. Peabody & Sherman opened with an estimated $6.9M this weekend on 508 dates, ahead of Robocop. That total included previews. The animated film might have been helped by the fact that it increased awareness by branding some of London's Regent Street lights all throughout the holiday season and beyond. It will open France, Belgium and Switzerland next weekend. Robocop, released by MGM, debuted with $3.9M on 421 dates. The other newcomer was Dallas Buyers Club which came in fourth (behind The Wolf of Wall Street in its 4th week) at $1.7M on 302 playdates. Wolf is No. 3 with $2.6 on 488 dates. Next week will see the debut of The Lego Movie.
RUSSIA
The Sochi Olympics are not running rings around the local box office. Universal's 3D fantasy adventure VIY is continuing its strong run after breaking opening records last week. It has held the No. 1 spot with an estimated $6.9M at 1,036 locations and is above all other new openings in Russia. VIY has an 11 day cume of $28.2M.
FRANCE
Robocop bowed at No. 1 with $2.6M. Cloudy With A Chance Of Meatballs 2 also basked in France this weekend to $1.6M, a 50% jump on the original movie thanks to the winter holiday weekend where theaters in the suburbs offer families discounts.. Overall, it added $3.5M overseas for an estimated cume of $145.8M. American Hustle came in third in the territory with $2M, only slightly higher than Silver Linings Playbook last year's opening. American Hustle's best plays were in Paris theaters.
GERMANY
A local comedy, The Joy of Fatherhood (Vaterfrueden) took No. 1 at the box office this weekend, delivering $5.1M to best The Wolf of Wall Street which is holding strong at No. 2 in the territory with $2.7M. Wolf's cume is now $23.5M. Fatherhood, based on a best-selling novel by Murmel Clausen about a couple whose intimacy is lost as they try scientifically to conceive a child, was written by Matthias Schweighofer who also stars. Third is Robocop which opened in 472 theaters for a total of $2M.
SPAIN
In Spain, American titles are in the top five six, led by newcomer The Lego Movie debuted in the No. 1 spot with $2M on 427 plays. In second is The Wolf of Wall Street ($1.3M for a 12-day total of $12.9M), third is American Hustle ($1.2M), fourth is Jack Ryan ($522K) and The Book Thief ($337K). The only other new title is Nebraska which took sixth place on 154 screens to gross $406K.
LATIN AMERICA
The Lego Movie grossed an estimated $3.8M on 1,850 screens in Mexico where the brand is (shockingly?) only recently a known commodity. No. 2 in Mexico, with $1.2M on 576 dates is 47 Ronin for a 10-day total there of $4.5M. In Brazil, The Lego Movie debuted to No. 1 with a gross of $1.8M from 587 plays. American Hustle boogied down to Brazil for an estimated opening haul of $1M, while it added another $155K in its 3rd Mexican frame for an estimated cume of $2.84M. Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit hit Brazil with an estimated gross of $633K from 251 locations. In total, the film added another $5.3M from 58 territories to tally an international cume of $70M. It's on 6,584 screens. Robocop took $530K in Venezuela. 12 Years a Slave debuted in 4 markets in Latin America but nothing to write home about. It grossed a total of $6.6M this weekend for a total international cume of $1.9M in 48 markets. It will debut in six more markets later this month, including Mexico and Brazil.
New Delhi: The decision by Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) to blacklist 31 start-ups that delayed or cancelled job offers to their students may not make much difference to these companies, some of which have wound up and others which have frozen hiring.
The website of Zimply, one of these companies, which was engaged in home decor business, is no longer working. Hyperlocal delivery start-up PepperTap closed shop last month amid a funding slowdown. And diagnostics aggregator Medd got acquired by healthcare firm 1mg.
IITs have defended their decision, but start-ups, investors and analysts say the blacklisting has set a wrong precedent. They argue that the IITs could have avoided a knee-jerk action.
“It is a knee-jerk reaction and completely unwarranted. What has been done by start-ups this year, have been done by many IT companies in the past such as deferred placements. Nobody thought of blacklisting them. If students are good, they will find opportunities in other organizations as well," said Harish H.V., partner at consulting firm Grant Thornton.
“But sending such a negative signal to start-ups is not a good sign particularly from a technology institution which should support start-ups," they said.
Dinesh Sharma, founder of ConsultLane, one of the blacklisted companies echoed the sentiment. “When the whole country is talking about Start-up India, you can't just blacklist them. The worst thing is that they have not given us a single chance of hearing," Sharma said.
What Sharma indicated is that when the traditional sectors are not generating employment, chiding a nascent industry, which has the potential to hire more people and goes well with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ethos of producing “job creators" to address the employment problem, is an ill-advised move.
On 25 August, in a strong message to the recruiters, IITs blacklisted 31 companies mostly start-ups including home healthcare services provider Portea Medical, restaurant search and review website Zomato and online baby clothes and products company Hopscotch, for a year.
Last placement season, some 140 students of IITs were affected because of these companies revoking offers or delaying the joining date by months.
But despite the reasoning, start-ups and investors feel that IITs are making their students risk-averse and second, the subdued start-up environment will absorb it without much impact.
“Considering the current sentiment (slowdown in funding), most companies will have a low hiring plan, that is clearly given. The general sentiment is to be cautious," said an investor requesting anonymity. They also added that not many start-ups will be affected by the move, especially not the ones who have acquired the status of unicorns. “If it is a rock-star start-up, despite a blacklisting by the colleges, students would still want to go and work. If they advertise, they will get people," they said.
Zomato is one of the unicorns on the IIT list.
An email query to Zomato seeking its response on the development went unanswered.
Also Read: IITs blacklist 31 companies for revoking job offers
According to data compiled by New Delhi-based research firm Xeler8.com, more than 40% of the start-ups set up in the past two years have already shut shop. It had a sample size of 2,281 start-ups that started operations after June 2014.
An April report by KPMG and CB Insights cited that venture capital and private equity firms cut investments in Indian start-ups by almost a quarter on a sequential basis in the three months to March.
IITs have their own defence: “Our main motive is to avoid any such deferral or offer being revoked situation...," said Dipesh Chauhan, placement manager at IIT-Bombay.
But a professor at one of the older IITs had a stronger message for the critics. “In a market economy, you cannot only safeguard the demand side. The supply side has equal rights. If a company has the right to revoke the offer because it's putting its house on order, why cannot an IIT put enough checks and balances to defend the career of its students," said the professor requesting anonymity.
“We are not advocating socialism, but in India, companies are very happy to protect the stockholders but not ready to stand by stakeholders like employees," they added.
But will it affect placements at IITs? Not exactly is the response of both IITs and analysts.
“There would be others who will pick them up," said Harish of Grant Thorton.
Kaustubha Mohanty, convener of the IIT Placement Committee (AIPC) and professor at IIT Guwahati, said they do not see any impact on their placement process. “We are making sure that only serious players are in for placements. We understand the market dynamics... but we cannot get carried away by just the start-up wave," Mohanty said.
What are the consequences? Start-ups may explore leading schools in tier two cities instead of IITs. ConsultLane, for example, is ready to hire students from smaller colleges in Tier 2 cities as well, “in case they have some exposure of having worked at a start-up or other companies".
ConsultLane said it is ready to talk to IITs through, a point Fundamental Education, another blacklisted company reiterated.
But the bigger question is whether the IIT action will give a wrong message to their own students who wish to pursue entrepreneurship. “IITs themselves are doing incubation and creating start-ups. A move like this is a signal for students to go for established companies and not for start-ups, which is unfair," Harish of Grant Thornton added.
The future of music is streaming, not downloads.
But that doesn't mean Apple, the company that essentially invented the market for music download sales, is going to stop selling downloads anytime soon.
That's contrary to a report today that said Apple planned to stop selling downloads in two years — or, alternately, "the next 3-4 years."
"Not true," said Apple rep Tom Neumayr.
Neumayr wouldn't expand on that comment, except to make it clear that they were responding to both timelines proposed in today's story from Digital Music News.
If they did want to say more, I imagine that they would argue that lots of people continue to buy downloads — and even physical discs. Case in point: Drake's new album "Views," which sold a million copies in its first week — which happened to be the week it was available exclusively on Apple Music and at Apple's iTunes store.
And yes, download sales are in a steady decline and have been for some time. Download sales in the U.S. dropped from $2.8 billion in 2013 to $2.3 billion last year, according to the RIAA industry trade group.
Still, both Apple and the music labels it works with don't have any incentive to push downloads off a cliff.
And it's easy to see Apple's insistence on servicing the download market in the clumsy approach it took when it debuted its Apple Music streaming service last year, which tried — unsuccessfully — to stitch together its old iTunes store with the new streaming service.
Recode Video: Platform exclusives are the future of music
Americans astronauts will continue to fly Russian-made rockets from Earth to the International Space Station if Congress agrees to slash more than $300 million from NASA's budget. The federal space agency will be too broke to fulfill contracts with SpaceX and Boeing and have no choice to continue paying the Russian government $70 million for every flight to and from the ISS. NASA, to put it mildly, is furious.
Russia is poised to take an early lead in the renewed space race after the U.S. Senate Appropriations subcommittee voted to cut over $300 million from NASA's wallet. This comes after NASA entered agreements with Boeing and SpaceX to build rockets capable of bringing U.S. astronauts to the ISS starting in 2017. Currently, every flight to the ISS is aboard a Russian-made Soyuz, which costs American taxpayers over $70 million a ride.
“I am deeply disappointed that the Senate Appropriations subcommittee does not fully support NASA's plan to once again launch American astronauts from U.S. soil as soon as possible, and instead focuses to write checks to Russia,” NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said in a statement Wednesday. “By gutting this program and turning our backs on U.S. industry NASA will be forced to rely on Russia to get its astronauts to space – and continue to invest hundreds of millions of dollars into the Russian economy rather than our own.”
Last year NASA awarded a contract worth as much as $4.2 billion to Boeing and $2.6 billion to SpaceX to build, test and fly space taxis capable of ferrying U.S. astronauts to the moon. Before that SpaceX founder Elon Musk loudly pushed for a contract on the grounds that the U.S. shouldn't rely so closely on the Russian government after the invasion of Ukraine.
That plan is now on hold though and, while the Senate subcommittee is scheduled to debate an amendment that would restore the funding Thursday, that measure is not expected to pass. Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., said on the Senate floor American flights will be delayed by at least two years and that “we need to wake up to what is happening.”
The timing for SpaceX is, well, bad. Musk's company recently broke ground on a massive new airport hangar where it hopes to store one Falcon Heavy vehicle and two Falcon 9 rockets. The facility is just down the road from the iconic Kennedy Space Center, a pricey piece of real estate that was the home to the first and last Space Shuttle launches.
Microsoft and Mojang will be opening up a new Minecraft storefront for selected user-made content on mobile and Windows 10 platforms.
The marketplace will launch along with the game's 1.1 Discovery update later this spring, and will give approved creators the ability to sell Minecraft skins, maps, and other assets using Minecraft Coins -- a brand new virtual currency
Players will be able to buy Minecraft Coins through in-app purchases on their respective device. Mojang believes the virtual currency was the right way to go as it "lets creators set flexible prices and take their share of what they sell."
As for what creators will earn, Mojang says store platforms will take a 30 percent cut whenever a purchase is made through the marketplace, but promises creators will get "the majority" after that.
"The idea is to give Minecraft creators another way to make a living from the game, allowing them to support themselves in the creation of ever-greater projects, while giving Pocket and Windows 10 players access to a growing catalogue of fun stuff," reads a blog post on the Minecraft website.
"For players, you'll be able access whatever you buy across devices using your (free) Xbox Live account. We're currently talking with our platform partners about how to make this happen."
A number of popular creators, such as Noxcrew, BlockWorks, Qwertyuiop The Pie, Blockception, Sphax, Eneija Silverleaf, Imagiverse, Polymaps and Razzleberry Fox, will be propping up the store on launch, but applications are open to anyone registered as a business.
For more on the new storefront, including how to register as a creator, head on over to the Minecraft blog.
This is a recording of my interview with Alex Cooper recorded on March 16, 2016 at Velour in Provo, Utah. Alex Cooper, along with Dr. Joanna Brooks, are the co-authors of the new book Saving Alex. Alex was accompanied in this interview by their attorney, Paul Burke. We were also honored to have Tyler Glenn (Neon Trees) perform three musical numbers for us on this special night.
Audio/video from this interview can be found below.
A description of the book follows:
When Alex Cooper was fifteen years old, life was pretty ordinary in their sleepy suburban town and nice Mormon family. At church and at home, Alex was taught that God had a plan for everyone. But something was gnawing at them that made them feel different. These feelings exploded when they met Yvette, a girl who made Alex feel alive in a new way, and with whom Alex would quickly fall in love. Alex knew they were holding a secret that could shatter their family, their church community, and their life. Yet when this secret couldn't be hidden any longer, they told their parents that they were gay, and the nightmare began. They were driven from their home in Southern California to Utah, where, against their will, their parents handed them over to fellow Mormons who promised to save Alex from their homosexuality. For eight harrowing months, Alex was held captive in an unlicensed “residential treatment program” modeled on the many “therapeutic” boot camps scattered across Utah. Alex was physically and verbally abused, and many days they were forced to stand facing a wall wearing a heavy backpack full of rocks. Them captors used faith to punish and terrorize them With the help of a dedicated legal team in Salt Lake City, Alex eventually escaped and made legal history in Utah by winning the right to live under the law's protection as an openly gay teenager. Alex is not alone; the headlines continue to splash stories about gay conversion therapy and rehabilitation centers that promise to “save” teenagers from their sexuality. Saving Alex is a courageous memoir that tells Alex's story in the hopes that it will bring awareness and justice to this important issue. A bold, inspiring story of one girl's fight for freedom, acceptance, and truth.
Part 1 – Alex Fights to Survive Reparative Therapy:
Part 2: Alex's Legal Battle to Gain their Indedpendence
Tyler Glenn (Neon Trees) singing “Rehab” and “Animal”:
South Sydney's $7 million debt cleared by owners Russell Crowe and James Packer
Posted
South Sydney owners Russell Crowe and James Packer have given the Rabbitohs a massive financial boost, waiving a $7 million debt.
The announcement that the owners had forgiven the investor loan was made at the South Sydney Members District Rugby League Football Club annual general meeting on Sunday.
The decision by Hollywood heavyweight Crowe and business mogul Packer removed a massive strain on Souths' finances, with chairperson Nick Pappas saying the NRL club was now in the best financial position in its history.
As a result, it gave the club a net asset position of over $6 million and much-needed financial security.
"Our two private investors have graciously agreed to the complete discharge of their loan facilities on the most favourable terms for members," Pappas said.
"This has had the effect of skyrocketing our net asset position to a record $6.05 million, the healthiest position the Rabbitohs have ever been in.
"I know I speak on behalf of all members when I say that our appreciation goes out to our investors Russell Crowe and James Packer for helping to ensure that the Rabbitohs remain at the very forefront of our code."
Packer bought a 37.5 per cent stake in the foundation club from business person Peter Holmes a Court in 2014, less than a month after the club broke its premiership drought.
Holmes a Court and Crowe bought the struggling club for $3 million in 2005 and also tipped in a further $6.15 million in the following years.
When Holmes a Court exited the club, their debt was paid out.
But the loan has now been cleared and the club looks set to post another bumper profit.
Last year Souths posted a $1.5 million profit, the biggest of any NRL club.
They were also one of just three NRL clubs, along with the Broncos and Warriors, to be in the black.
Most Souths' profit last year was derived from their massive membership base and going into the new season they have signed by more than 29,000 members, more than any other club.
AAP
Topics: nrl, rugby-league, sport, sydney-2000, nsw, australia
Paradigm shift: from Siri to Viv
Artificial intelligence that programs itself on the fly – from the team that developed Siri at SRI and Apple – was demonstrated this week in New York and it quickly performed complex spoken tasks, live and onstage.
At the recent TechCrunch Disrupt event, held in New York City May 9-11, Dag Kittlaus unveiled Viv, the new single-source cross-platform voice assistant for the thousands of apps available to us. Viv describes itself as an AI platform that enables developers to distribute their products through an intelligent, conversational interface. Kittlaus expects to offer Viv SDKs to developers in the fall and hopes to fully launch by the end of 2016.
In the video below of their 14-minute presentation and demo, with another 10 minutes of Q&A afterwards, one can easily imagine how Viv will soon become integral to the way we use and operate our apps. Viv provides a paradigm shift in the way we affect our daily tasks — the very shift that others are attempting to provide in the form of personal assistants. It is a breakthrough accomplishment in providing a single conversational user interface (UI) to recognize our words, determine our intent, and then write code to affect that intent. As a side benefit, the video is very informative about the process of AI. [Forward to 4:00 and watch for 10 minutes just to see the demos and skip the intro and Q&A.]
Jibo, Pepper, Alexa, Duer, Cortana, Google, Watson and many others (startups are popping up every few days) are all in various stages of presenting and bringing to market their versions of personal assistants – some physical, others virtual.
But the Viv demo – done live – was speedier than any and Kittlaus explained why: because as more and more apps become available, and as more and more users want to use some of those apps, a personal assistant must scale to handle all those functions and the larger the scale, the more complex it becomes, the more lines of code that must be written, and it ultimately will slow down. Conversely Viv has a dynamic program generator that writes solution-based code from the intent of the user. In other words, Viv's AI parses through the words you say to determine intent and then writes only the software that meets the specific task requested and does it quickly. The video also shows, but doesn't detail, how Viv determines intent (goals) from the words. It breaks down the conversation into goals and values within thereby instructing the dynamic program generator which apps are required and what the parameters are for those apps.
Is Viv going to eliminate Google as the middleman? Kittlaus says that search isn't going anywhere but as Viv and other new AI assistants become more capable and become the primary resource for users, people really won't want to go back to the old way.
Siri, co-founded by SRI's Dag Kittlaus and Adam Cheyer and by Tom Gruber, was spun-out from the SRI International Artificial Intelligence Center and acquired by Apple for $200 million in 2010. Kittlaus left Apple in 2011; Cheyer left in 2012.
BOTTOM LINE
Personal assistants are all about simplifying the process of performing daily tasks. They are attempting to be what you would expect of a knowledgeable executive assistant working alongside to maximize your productivity and minimize your involvement, a person who really knows you and doesn't need you to reexplain things over and over. The list of vendors is impressive: Amazon, Google, Facebook, IBM, Baidu, Microsoft, Apple, SoftBank, all the car companies, many large consumer product providers and smaller companies like Jibo. To date, none have achieved that sweet spot where end users are fully satisfied.
The holdup has been the software, the need for extensive coding, and the ability to identify “intent” from sounds recognized as words. The breakthrough technology that Viv is offering is a way to change the way programmers work with computers and developers offer their products. Programmers will no longer have to instruct step-by-step procedures in rigid code, but instead they'll just have to describe the process and intent and the AI will develop the code – it will write the programs needed on the fly. And developers will just need to add Viv as their conversational UI.
[Viv uses Nuance for voice recognition. Nuance is a member of the ROBO Global Robotics and Automation Index (of which I am a Co-founder)].
RIEGL is excited to announce the release of the RiCOPTER! RIEGL is the first major LiDAR manufacturer to develop its own unmanned aerial system. The RiCOPTER is a high-performance UAV equipped with the RIEGL VUX-1 survey-grade LiDAR sensor to offer a fully integrated turnkey solution.
Stop by the RIEGL booth to see the VUX-1 integrated into several other UAS systems, such as SARAH by Flying-Cam or Aeroscouts UAS, demonstrating the versatility of the instrument! Moreover live demonstrations of RiCOPTER will be performed Tuesday – Thursday in Intergeo's UAV flight zone.
RIEGL is also launching a brand new airborne LiDAR system. Come by our booth to see the new VQ-880-G, a fully integrated turnkey LiDAR solution for topo-bathymetric surveying applications.
On the terrestrial side, RIEGL is adding a new terrestrial laser scanner to its portfolio. The VZ-2000 is RIEGL's fastest terrestrial laser scanner. It comes with a 1MHz pulse repetition rate and up to 400,000 effective measurements per second, with range performance of more than 2,000 meters. The VZ-2000 is a great surveying tool for both static and mobile mapping with the VMZ hybrid mobile mapping solution.
In addition to all of the new hardware that RIEGL will have on display at INTERGEO, there are also several software introductions. RIEGL is releasing the RiSCAN PRO 2.0, a major update to RiSCAN PRO with significant improvements and new 64-bit architecture.
Learn more about other significant software improvements directly at the booth.
RIEGL is looking forward to welcoming visitors to its booth A3.104 and FG.002 at INTERGEO this year!
Evidence from realtors and MLS data is showing the Vancouver real estate market is in the midst of a major slowdown, with prices dropping and sales plummeting, but some experts say it's too soon to tell.
While August is typically one of the slowest months for real estate transactions, MLS sales data from the first two weeks of the month shows what many have been hoping for during the past few years of escalating prices.
There were only three home sales in West Vancouver between Aug. 1 and 14 this year, compared to 52 during the same period last year. That's a decrease of 94 per cent.
The numbers come from long-time realtor Brent Eilers, who's been tracking the data with the same system since they joined the business in 1983. They studied MLS listings to count how many homes were sold so far this month.
“It's pretty tough to go from 52 to three and pretend things are fine,” said Eilers. “That is a pattern that can't go ignored.”
Eilers says he's been warning of a real estate slowdown for at least a year due to the region's unsustainable and unsupportable prices. West Vancouver, where they do a large part of their business, had a benchmark detached home price of almost $3.4 million in July according to the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver (REBGV).
The median household income in the region was $84,345 in 2011, according to the District of West Vancouver.
“The market in West Van is up 450 per cent since 2001. So is everyone making 600 per cent more income than they were so they can pay their taxes and buy their houses? Of course not. So how has this inflation been financed? By offshore money and record debt.”
And while Eilers says the slowdown is at least partly due to the implementation of the Metro Vancouver foreign buyer tax on July 25, which has caused a firestorm of anecdotal evidence saying it has killed the housing market, they add sales were dropping even before the tax.
According to the data, July was another slow month in West Vancouver with only 44 sales, down from 80 in 2015. June saw 74 sales, also down from 102 the year before.
The pattern has left the market “devastated” according to Eilers.
But experts are warning that two weeks of data isn't enough to ring the alarm bells.
Andy Yan, acting director of The City Program at Simon Fraser University, says we need more time.
“It's really hard to say if it's just cooling off. It could be that everybody who could or would buy at those really high prices a couple months ago are now already in, and now we just really see how the market is retracting itself,” they said.
Prices going down
Earlier this month, the REBGV released its statistics for the month of July, saying the data showed the market had slowed down to “normal levels.” But one thing missing from the data was evidence of any price decrease. Fortunately for buyers, real-time data proves otherwise.
READ MORE: Vancouver real estate market slows in July to “normal” levels
Zolo, a Canadian real estate brokerage, keeps track of MLS home sales in real time and reports prices as an average rather than the “benchmark price” used by the REBGV.
It currently shows a major correction underway in most Metro Vancouver markets.
According to the website, the city of Vancouver currently has an average home price of $1.1 million, down 20.7 per cent over the last 28 days and down 24.5 per cent over the last three months.
The average detached home is $2.6 million, down seven per cent compared to three months ago.
Richmond is no different. Zolo CEO Barry Allen says the market in Richmond has “gone off a cliff” with the average home now priced at $779,000, down 20.7 per cent from three months ago and 17.6 per cent from last month. Detached homes in Richmond took the hardest hit compared to other markets with a 10 per cent price correction over the last three months down to $1.7 million.
North Vancouver detached homes fell 10 per cent in price in three months down to $1.8 million. Their average home price for all properties fell 17.3 per cent in that time period to $1 million.
It's more of the same in Burnaby and Surrey.
GALLERY: See just how much prices have dropped in key Metro Vancouver markets:
However tantalizing the drop in price may be, economists and experts warn that using averages in real estate prices is inherently problematic.
“That's a really bad idea,” said UBC economist Tsur Somerville, who adds that the drop in average prices may be due to a drop in high-end home sales.
“Averages are always tricky to use, because when you have sales at the high end they have a way of skewing the value of homes that are sold, and that's really particularly the case in Vancouver,” said Yan.
Allen says their data showed the market had already started to turn before the foreign buyer tax.
“It's only slowing down at the top where there is uncertainty,” they said.
And that uncertainty is “diabolically dangerous,” according to Eilers, who has sold real estate during four different correction periods in Vancouver.
“When the market changes, it typically changes over night or within a couple of weeks, but it often takes two to three months for everybody to figure it out. That's why it can be so scary,” they said.
A strong price correction often takes months to appear because sellers are unwilling to lower their prices until they have to.
According to the realtor, often sellers have their houses appraised months before they put them on the market, meaning in the climate we are currently witnessing, sellers are expecting to list their homes at record-high prices, even though the number of sales and listings indicate prices should be lowering.
“Typically what happens when the market starts to flip is all the buyers go into hibernation and all the listings come on. What are the odds on getting that seller to price their home at a fraction of where the market is now? It's zero,” Eilers said.
What causes prices to fall is “urgency, anxiety, and fear,” according Eilers. They say a climate of financial overexposure, a treadmill of buying and selling and flipping homes, owning multiple properties, and buying before selling will test how long sellers can hold on without selling in desperation.
They point to the 1980 housing crash that dropped prices by 40 to 60 per cent within a year and took six years to recover.
“So your $2 million house became $800,000 in five months. There are a lot of economists and a lot of wise people that believe that our financial structure is much closer to that structure from a corrections point of view,” Eilers explained.
The Bank of Canada recently warned that those invested in the Vancouver housing market are particularly vulnerable to a price correction due to the large share of “highly indebted households.”
And the Canadian Mortgage and Housing Corporation increased Vancouver's risk rating to “high,” due to “evidence of problematic conditions” including price acceleration and overvaluation.
Lots selling, few buying
Zolo's CEO says the foreign buyer tax has certainly stopped speculative buyers. This has caused many other buyers to take on a “wait and see” approach, which has essentially frozen the market.
East Vancouver's Nina MacDonald echoes that belief telling Global News they haven't had any nibbles on their $1.28 million, 59-year-old bungalow on Napier Street that she's owned for over 20 years. She's even cancelled an upcoming open house because they felt like it would be pointless.
They initially wanted to sell because the real estate windfall would allow them to purchase a turnkey property and pay the down payment on houses for their grandchildren.
“I went from having a phone call every day [from realtors] to not having any,” they said.
Global News obtained MLS sales data from several key Metro Vancouver markets and found the number of homes sold during the first two weeks of August in Greater Vancouver dropped by 85 per cent on average.
Richmond experienced a 96 per cent drop in the number of sales and Burnaby North fell by 95 per cent. Vancouver's West Side, West Vancouver, and Coquitlam also took major hits.
While the number of sales has been dropping for a couple months, August is a particularly difficult time to predict an ongoing trend as the market is generally less active, according to Somerville.
Yan agrees it will take at least three months of solid data to prove a pattern exists.
“You need a much larger data frame to say ‘aha, here's a trend' or ‘no, there's no trend.'”
Somerville also points out that the timeline of the foreign buyer tax may have caused data distortion for this month.
“There's all these sales that got rushed to be done before Aug. 2 that would have normally taken place in August, then of course they're going to be lower,” they said.
But regardless Somerville said, “declines in sales are usually the precursor to the market slowing or even turning.”
News of the foreign buyer tax has spread to China, where Chinese real estate website Juwai now promotes other Canadian cities as foreign capital destinations.
The website used to promote Vancouver as one of the best places for wealthy Chinese to invest, but has now switched to publicizing Calgary and Alberta due to the tax.
READ MORE: 90% of Metro Vancouverites support foreign buyer tax
“According to the National Bank of Canada, Chinese buyers [are] estimated to have bought up one third of Vancouver homes in 2015 … However, a recently imposed 15 per cent foreign buyer tax in British Columbia to cool the soaring housing prices in Vancouver may turn the tide, causing Chinese property investors to search for better options elsewhere in Canada,” the company wrote online in a blog post.
Juwai says Calgary offers “better value for money when compared with the inflated housing prices in Vancouver.”
Eilers says both the foreign buyer tax and the ensuing market uncertainty is a double whammy that will keep investors away, but it will likely take until October to see just how much of an effect it has on prices.
NDP MLA David Eby says the tax has caused a lot of people to hit the pause button on buying homes, but all those people might come back into the market in September.
Despite their reservations on how the tax was implemented – they would have preferred an incrementally increasing tax – they say a market slowdown is good news.
“A lot of people have said to me quietly that they hope there is a substantial housing crash.”
Yan admits the data could be pointing toward a downward trend, but it could also be a minor blip in Vancouver's hot housing market.
“It's part of what you'd expect out of a cycle, in terms of rapid expansion and now a small contraction. Is it an indication of a bubble bursting? Wouldn't be able to tell you.”
One of former Maryland governor Robert L. Ehrlich Jr.'s most trusted aides and a campaign consultant were accused Thursday of orchestrating tens of thousands of anonymous election-night robo-calls last year that prosecutors said were part of a larger attempt to suppress the black vote.
Paul E. Schurick, 54, Ehrlich's de facto campaign manager, and Julius Henson, 62, a paid consultant, were indicted on multiple counts of election law violations stemming from an automated call that was placed to more than 110,000 Democrats in Baltimore and Prince George's County, according to prosecutors.
With the polls still open, an unidentified woman's voice told voters who answered to “relax” because Gov. Martin O'Malley (D) had already been “successful” in their rematch against Ehrlich.
There has been no indication that Ehrlich is a target of the probe by the Office of the Maryland State Prosecutor, which sought the indictments from a grand jury in Baltimore and which said its investigation continues.
But the episode could still stain the tenure of Maryland's only Republican governor in a generation and further complicate efforts of Republicans to win statewide races in Maryland, where blacks account for a larger percentage of the population than anywhere outside the Deep South.
Paul Schurick, 54, was Ehrlich's de facto campaign manager.
Based on documents obtained in the investigation, the indictments describe what prosecutors say was a strategy informed by Schurick and carried out by Henson to tamp down the black vote in hundreds of precincts.
The plan, according to the indictments, “centered on what was termed ‘The Schurick Doctrine,' which was designed to promote confusion, emotionalism, and frustration among African American Democrats. . . . The plan stated that [t]he first and most desired outcome [of the Schurick Doctrine strategy] is voter suppression.”
Henson, a consultant who has primarily advised Democrats in mostly African American jurisdictions, took responsibility for the calls in November, saying the message was “counterintuitive” — that the calls were intended to motivate Ehrlich supporters to vote.
But investigators continued to look into the robo-calls, and Ehrlich was recently called to testify before a grand jury, according to the people familiar with the proceedings. Ehrlich, who did not return a phone call placed to their law office in Washington, has previously told reporters that they were unaware of the robo-calls and does not think that they are effective as a general strategy.
Ehrlich's statement
In a statement issued Thursday afternoon, Ehrlich said: “I believe in the rule of law. I believe in my friend and colleague, Paul Schurick. I hope a fair resolution is reached as quickly as possible for both Paul and Mr. Henson.”
After losing to O'Malley by more than 14 percentage points last year, Ehrlich said they had no plans to seek elected office in Maryland again.
In seeking charges against Schurick, investigators reached into Ehrlich's inner circle. Peter R. Zeidenberg, a Washington-based attorney for Schurick, said in a statement that the charges were based upon “a fundamental misunderstanding of the facts” and that Schurick would “vigorously contest” them.
Another member of Schurick's defense team, Billy Murphy, who is black and is based in Baltimore, said in a statement that they had known Schurick for decades and that they would “never do any of these things.”
Neither Henson nor an attorney representing them returned phone calls Thursday.
The indictments might be the first in the country involving Election Day attempts to suppress voting using robo-calls, experts said. The case also appears to be a rarity nationwide, one in which prosecutors might have the physical evidence necessary to prove intent to commit voter suppression, experts said.
“I have taught elections law for decades, and never in my life have I seen anything like this,” said Larry S. Gibson, a professor at the University of Maryland Law School. “It's the unusual case of having a smoking gun. Usually intent has to be implied by a person's conduct. . . . Here, it is in writing.”
Gilda Daniels, an elections law expert at the University of Baltimore Law School, said the records of the calls could provide unusually firm evidence.
“There is a long history in urban areas of people passing out fliers that say Republicans vote on Tuesday and Democrats vote on Wednesday, and specifically in Maryland of ploys telling people if you owe tickets or back child support that you can't vote,” Daniels said. “But this isn't someone printing off fliers that can't be easily tracked. These are phone calls, and there are records of them.”
In a filing in a separate civil case stemming from the episode, Henson's attorney, Edward Smith Jr., argued that even political “dirty tricks” are protected free speech.
The indictments brought Thursday charge both Schurick and Henson with three counts of conspiracy to violate election laws, one count of influencing votes through fraud and one count of failing to identify the sponsor of the calls. In addition, Schurick was charged on one count of obstruction of justice.
All but one of the charges handed down Thursday carry maximum prison sentences of five years.
The indictments allege that an employee of Henson's firm forwarded test calls of the misleading robo-call to the cellphones of Schurick and another top campaign aide before they were played more broadly. Henson also sent Schurick a text message alerting them to the cost of the calls, according to the indictments.
The indictment alleges that call lists used by Henson's firm on Ehrlich's behalf came from two previous clients — both Democrats whom Henson tried to help win September primaries: Marilynn Bland, a successful candidate for Circuit Court clerk in Prince George's County, and Deborah Claridy, a candidate for sheriff of Baltimore.
Black voter turnout
The African American vote was expected to break heavily for O'Malley, a former mayor of Baltimore. During the campaign, aides to Ehrlich spoke freely about how black turnout could affect their election prospects.
In 1994, a strong Republican year in the state, black voters accounted for only 12 percent of the electorate. During the subsequent three cycles, African Americans made up between 21 percent and 23 percent of the electorate.
According to Thursday's indictments, the full recording stated: “Hello. I'm calling to let everyone know that Governor O'Malley and President Obama have been successful. Our goals have been met. The polls were correct, and we took it back. We're okay. Relax. Everything's fine. The only thing left is to watch it on TV tonight. Congratulations, and thank you.”
Earlier in their career, Schurick worked for one of Maryland's most prominent Democrats, the late former governor William Donald Schaefer. Schurick joined Ehrlich's congressional office in 1997 and became a member of their inner circle, serving as their communications director during Ehrlich's four-year tenure as governor, which ended after their 2006 defeat by O'Malley.
Several Ehrlich associates have said that they think it is plausible they knew nothing about the calls.
“Governor Ehrlich is the kind of person who trusts people around them to do their jobs,” said Richard Cross, a former Ehrlich aide who played no role in the 2010 campaign.
State Prosecutor Emmet C. Davitt, whose office brought the charges against Schurick and Henson, was appointed in November by O'Malley to a six-year term. The jurisdiction of the office, which operates independently of the governor, includes election law cases. The robo-calls episode is also the subject of a separate civil suit brought by Attorney General Douglas F. Gansler (D) in federal court.
Staff writers Aaron C. Davis and Miranda S. Spivack contributed to this report.
Bears in Russia's remote Far East look like they're primed for an intervention.
The only question is who's going to tie them to chairs and give them the straight goods on what aviation fuel does to the brain?
According to the UK's Daily Mail, brown bears at Kronotsky Nature Reserve have developed a nose for the kerosene and gasoline from containers left at the nature park — fuel typically used to keep generators and helicopters buzzing.
During a seven-month stint with these critters — there are about 700 brown bears living in the reserve — photographer Igor Shpilenok captured unnerving scenes of their strange habit.
In the images, bears hover over the barrels for good long spells, drawing deeply from the fumes. They they paw up the earth to dig a shallow hole — and promptly collapse in it.
Shpilenok described one bear's session in particular detail to the Daily Mail.
"Workers of the nature reserve didn't take them in time and a female bear named Suzemka — who is apparently fascinated by the smell of fuel — used the opportunity. They seem to be one of the addicts."
The animals are even known to lurk near helicopters, according to TVNZ, waiting for their precious fuel to drop away during takeoff.
So, do you think these bears have a problem? Check out Shpilenok's images for yourself here.
And you can take in more of Shpilenok's sumptuous nature photography here.
Also on HuffPost
The share of coal in eastern Australia's electricity generation network has continued to recede, along with carbon emissions, despite a March heatwave that lifted power demand for the first time in 16 months.
The widespread and prolonged heat over the country's south-east early last month prompted the biggest peak in demand for the entire summer. It was enough to trigger a 0.01 per cent annualised gain in electricity demand on the National Electricity Market for March, the first increase since November 2011, monthly research by consultants Pitt and Sherry shows.
Although coal-fired power plants raised output to meet the extra load on the peak day, March 12, their proportion of total generation eased another 0.2 percentage points to 74.6 per cent for the month. In February, their share of the electricity market fell below 75 per cent for the first time.
Hydro, wind and solar edged higher to a record share of 12.6 per cent, shows the Cedex report, while gas increased 0.1 percentage point to 12.8 per cent.
Carbon emissions intensity eased to 835 kilograms a megawatt-hour, down from 837 kilograms in February.
New Zealand was a country composed of a group of islands in the South Pacific Ocean on Earth. The country's capital city was Wellington. It was home to the Māori. (DS9: "The Visitor", "Past Tense, Part I")
New Zealand was covered by rain forests similar to the forests found on the planet Dakala. (ENT: "Rogue Planet") New Zealand's largest mountain, Mount Cook, was located near the west coast of New Zealand's South Island, in the general vicinity of the city of Christchurch, which was located on the east coast of New Zealand's South Island. (DS9: "Past Tense, Part I")
During the 24th century, New Zealand was the site of the prestigious Pennington School, that was located in Wellington. (DS9: "Explorers", "The Visitor", "The Muse")
In 2364, the Federation was in diplomatic negations with the New Zealand government. (TNG: "Conspiracy", okudagram)
It was also the location of the Federation's minimum security New Zealand Penal Settlement. (VOY: "Caretaker", "Non Sequitur"; DS9: "Doctor Bashir, I Presume")
The 22nd century starship, HMS New Zealand, was named for New Zealand. (TNG: "Up The Long Ladder")
The 24th century starship, USS Wellington, was named after the former capital of the islands. (TNG: "11001001")
Usain Bolt wants to go out ‘unbeatable'
News Hour
Usain Bolt is confident they can produce one more magical Midas touch when they seek to defend their 100m title at the IAAF World Championships.
In eight individual finals at the past four worlds (as well as in four 4x100m relay finals, Bolt has only suffered one hiccup: when they false started in the 100m final in Daegu in 2011.
Eleven world titles to go along with eight Olympic golds: Bolt has the experience of dealing with multi-round big-event racing.
It would be a brave person to bet against the 30-year-old Jamaican, no matter how sluggish, relatively speaking, their season has been so far.
They have had only three outings, all over 100m, and only once dipped under the 10-second barrier, in Monaco last month (9.95sec).
“If I show up at a championship I'm fully confident,” Bolt maintained.
“My coach (Glen Mills) is confident and I'm ready to go. I'm fully confident, 100 percent.”
Whilst labelling themselves “for some reason, the underdog”, Bolt fired out a warning shot at potential rivals by saying they wanted to bring the curtain down on their individual exploits as a sprinter who was “unbeatable, unstoppable”.
Bolt suffered a rare defeat in the 100m by two-time doping cheat Justin Gatlin at the Rome Diamond League meet in 2013, losing out by a hundredth of a second.
And the multi-medalled American, now 35, will be in the field in the British capital and a nailed-down contender for a podium place.
Like this: Like Loading...
To say Bill Clark's plate is full today on the second anniversary of UAB football's return would be an understatement.
They have to get their football team ready to play by the first weekend in September for the first time in three years. They also have to move their entire football program into its sparkling new Operations Center in a month.
Those tasks alone would overwhelm some coaches, but Clark has been working behind the scenes on another project near and dear to their heart.
They want to bring the UAB football program, the undergraduate side of the university and the medical center together in a new way. They want to construct a Center for Sports Medicine Excellence on campus that could benefit their program, the university and the entire state.
Toward those ambitious ends, Clark has been meeting with everyone from UAB President Ray Watts to university department heads to politicians to world-renowned sports medicine professionals such as Dr. James Andrews.
Clark said those meetings have been encouraging and productive, and they have some big-name support from the likes of Andrews.
"He's unbelievable," Andrews said of Clark. "He's showed more interest in keeping kids healthy at any level, not just their football players but at any level, than just about any coach I've ever dealt with."
Andrews has experience with the type of facility Clark wants to get built on the UAB campus. Andrews is the founding partner and medical director of the Andrews Institute for Orthopaedics and Sports Medicine in Gulf Breeze, Fla.
"I'm trying to help them develop a program and facilities at UAB," Andrews said. "I'm consulting with them and UAB. He's going to move things along. If I can help him, that's what I'm trying to do."
Clark's vision involves an interdisciplinary facility that embraces so many of the departments that distinguish UAB as an academic medical center, from nutrition to optometry to rehabilitation to genetics and genomics, just to name a few.
The coach already has concept drawings in their office of just such a facility as it might look in several different locations on campus. They said he's received positive feedback from their multiple meetings on the subject, particularly from professionals who work on the medical side of the university.
Clark, who inspired so many people to give their time and money to #TheReturn to save UAB football, said they can see the university playing a role in a larger effort to help sustain the sport that's been an integral part of the life of this state.
"What if we could save football?" Clark said.
Part of that effort is making the sport as safe as possible. UAB's already invested in that regard in its partnership with VICIS to help develop a safer football helmet. A UAB Center for Sports Medicine Excellence would broaden that investment considerably and wouldn't be limited to research that would benefit football alone.
Clark described a facility that would allow athletes from different sports at different levels to do everything from train, learn to prevent injuries and rehab them if necessary. It sounds like a natural for a world-class research university.
"The best thing Jefferson County has going is UAB," said State Rep. Jack Williams, a supporter of the project. "This is a chance to build on that brand. UAB could be recognized as the world leader in sports medicine."
Williams said the next step in making the project a reality is an economic impact study to demonstrate the financial value of the idea to local and state government officials.
It would be a major undertaking, but if you doubt the ability of Clark and UAB to get things done, drive past the 8th Avenue South exit on Interstate-65 in Birmingham. You can't help but notice the massive Legacy Pavilion rising above the main practice field at the UAB Football Operations Center.
How many people thought the first capital investment in UAB football was actually do-able? Now it's almost done.
Williams said Clark's dedication to this sports medicine venture "says they care about their profession, the well-being of student-athletes and the community they serve. This could be a real game-changer."
White House Plan On Guns To Include 19 Executive Actions, Lawmakers Say
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ralph D. Freso /Reuters /Landov Ralph D. Freso /Reuters /Landov
Update at 1:25 p.m. ET. Announcement on Wednesday:
The White House says President Obama and Vice President Biden will unveil the steps they intend to take and legislation they recommend reducing gun violence at 11:45 a.m. ET on Wednesday.
Our original post:
The plan for reducing gun violence that the White House will release this week includes 19 steps that don't require legislative action by Congress, lawmakers who have been briefed on the administration's thinking tell The New York Times, Politico and other news outlets.
According to the Times, President Obama will "call for major legislation to expand background checks for gun purchases." But they will also, based on recommendations from a task force headed by Vice President Biden, "lay out 19 separate actions [he] could take by invoking the power of their office."
"Actions the president could take on their own," the Times adds, "are likely to include imposing new limits on guns imported from overseas, compelling federal agencies to improve sharing of mental health records and directing the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to conduct research on gun violence, according to those briefed on the effort."
Politico says of the executive actions that they "could include giving the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention authority to conduct national research on guns, more aggressive enforcement of existing gun laws and pushing for wider sharing of existing gun databases among federal and state agencies, members of Congress in the meeting said."
Both news outlets are getting those details from Democratic members of Congress who were briefed about the plan by Biden on Monday. The official announcement could come as soon as Wednesday. The president asked Biden to come up with "concrete proposals" on reducing gun violence after the Dec. 14 mass shooting at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., where 20 children and six educators were killed.
The Los Angeles Times reports that "the prospect of administrative action angered gun rights supporters. Rep. Steve Stockman, R-Texas, threatened to file articles of impeachment if the White House pursued such a tack.
Related news:
-- "N.Y. Poised To Be 1st To Pass Post-Massacre Gun Bill."
-- "As Polls Show Support For Gun Control, Calif. Gun Show Is A Hit."
-- "Poll Says Gun-Rights Supporters Fund Their Cause; Opponents Don't."
US to station troops, heavy weaponry on Russia's border
By Barry Grey
15 June 2015
In a brazen move to prepare for war with Russia, the United States is planning to permanently station battle tanks and other heavy weaponry and maintain a force of up to 5,000 US troops in the Baltic States and other Eastern European NATO countries that were once part of the Soviet Union or its periphery.
The move, first reported over the weekend by the New York Times, was confirmed Sunday by the Polish Defense Ministry, which said that it is negotiating a plan with Washington to deploy American heavy weaponry on Polish soil. Polish Defense Minister Tomasz Siemoniak indicated that they had discussed the plan last month with military officials in Washington and had been assured that a decision would be made soon.
The pre-positioning of tanks, infantry fighting vehicles, armored howitzers and other instruments of war is an immense escalation of the US-led drive to compel Russia to accept American domination of Eurasia and its own reduction to semicolonial status. It brings the entire region, already bristling with arms, to the brink of war, threatening the entire world with a nuclear holocaust.
Whatever the timetable for war being discussed by the Pentagon and CIA madmen who formulate US policy, the stationing of US weapons and troops in the Baltic States (Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia), as well as Poland, Romania, Bulgaria and possibly Hungary, dramatically heightens the potential for a relatively minor incident to escalate rapidly into a full-scale war.
Led by the US, NATO is already carrying out military exercises all along Russia's western border, from the Arctic Ocean to the Baltic and Black seas. NATO is developing a rapid deployment force designed to intervene against Russia in a matter of days. Scores of incidents between NATO and Russian planes and ships have already occurred.
The latest reported incident took place just last Thursday, when, according to a Pentagon statement released Saturday, a Russian military surveillance plane buzzed four NATO warships in the Baltic Sea. One of the vessels was the US destroyer Jason Dunham. The other ships were British, French and German.
At the same time, Washington and its NATO allies are financing and arming an ultra-right, rabidly anti-Russian regime in Kiev that is prosecuting a bloody civil war against Russian-speaking regions in eastern Ukraine.
All the post-Soviet governments set to receive US arms and troops are right-wing, anti-Russian and highly unstable. They are beset by internal crises, as they carry out brutal austerity policies in the face of popular opposition. This heightens the danger of a provocation being staged to provoke Russian retaliation and create a pretext for war.
The Times quotes Raimonds Vejonis, Latvia's minister of defense, who will become the country's president in July, as saying, “If something happens, we can't wait days or weeks for more equipment. We need to react immediately.”
By stationing weapons and troops and pledging to intervene militarily against Russia to defend these governments, US imperialism is placing the fate of the people of America and the entire world in immense danger. It is being done, moreover, entirely behind the backs of the population, without public discussion or debate and without even the formality of congressional authorization (which would be forthcoming if demanded by the military).
Last September, at the time of the NATO summit in Wales, President Obama went to Estonia and gave an unqualified commitment to use American troops to defend the Baltic States against the supposed threat from Russia. “As NATO allies,” they declared, “we have Article 5 duties to our collective defense. That is a commitment that is unbreakable. It is unwavering. It is eternal.”
They stressed that the commitment included the use of “American boots on the ground.”
The Times article, which is supportive of the American plan, makes clear that it marks a major escalation of the US-led offensive against Russia. The newspaper writes: “It would be the most prominent of a series of moves the United States and NATO have taken to bolster forces in the region and send a clear message of resolve to allies and to Russia's president, Vladimir V. Putin, that the United States would defend the alliance's members closest to the Russian frontier.”
The Times implies that the plan, expected to be formally approved by Defense Secretary Ashton Carter and the Obama White House prior to a meeting of NATO ministers later this month, violates the 1997 agreement between Russia and NATO (the NATO Russia Founding Act) that gave Moscow guarantees against the alliance's eastward expansion being used to militarily threaten Russia.
Those guarantees included a NATO pledge not to seek permanent stationing of military forces in Eastern European countries formerly in the Soviet sphere of influence. The newspaper writes: “The agreement also says that ‘NATO and Russia do not consider each other as adversaries.' Many in the alliance argue that Russia's increasingly aggressive actions around NATO's border have made that pact effectively moot.”
According to the Times account, based on information provided by unnamed “American and allied officials,” the plan provides for equipment supplying a company of some 150 troops to be stored in each of the Baltic countries, and sufficient military hardware for a battalion—about 750 soldiers—to be located in Poland, Romania, Bulgaria and possibly Hungary.
“A full brigade's worth of equipment—formally called the European Security Set—would include about 1,200 vehicles, including some 250 M1-A2 tanks, Bradley fighting vehicles, and armored howitzers, according to a senior military official,” the article states.
“This is a very meaningful shift in policy,” said James G. Stavridis, a retired admiral and the former supreme allied commander of NATO. Indicating further steps that are under discussion, they continue, “It provides a reasonable level of reassurance to jittery allies, although nothing is as good as troops stationed full-time on the ground, of course.”
Ominously, the article compares the plan to US military moves at the height of the Cold War and before the invasion of Iraq. It compares the pre-positioning of heavy weapons in Eastern Europe to the Berlin Brigade that was dispatched during the Berlin Wall crisis of 1961, and to the US presence in Kuwait that prepared the way for the 2003 war.
The Times presents Washington's reckless escalation as a defensive measure to “deter possible Russian aggression in Europe.” This turns reality on its head.
In fact, the aggressors are the US and NATO. The current crisis was triggered by the Maidan coup of February 2014 that toppled the pro-Russian government of Viktor Yanukovych.
The coup was orchestrated by Washington and Berlin and spearheaded by fascist militias that venerate Ukrainian nationalist forces that collaborated with the Nazi occupation and anti-Jewish genocide in World War II. When Russian-speaking Ukrainians in the east of the country rose up in opposition to the ultra-right regime in Kiev, the US puppet government launched a bloody civil war with the full support of Washington.
The coup itself was the culmination of US imperialist policy since the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991, which has centered on a relentless drive to isolate, weaken and surround Russia in order to bring the vast resources of Eurasia under US domination.
This has included the eastward expansion of NATO to encompass the former Warsaw Pact nations and the Baltic States. It has involved a series of aggressive actions and wars against Russia's allies in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, including the first Gulf War (1991) against Iraq, the breakup of Yugoslavia and war against Serbia (1999), the so-called “color revolutions” in Georgia and Ukraine (2003-2004), the Georgian attack on Russian forces (2008), the sanctions and war threats against Iran, and the US-backed civil war against the Syrian regime.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
A man walks past an electric board showing exchange rates of various cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin (top L) at a cryptocurrencies exchange in Seoul, South Korea December 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Denmark sees potential for blockchain technology in humanitarian aid and said on Thursday it is considering becoming the first donor country to move money using cryptocurrencies.
Blockchain is a ledger system tracking digital information, and among other advantages it can provide digitized contracts to avoid fraudulent land records, or enable faster and safer money transfers to emergency hot spots around the globe by using cryptocurrencies.
A report published by the Danish Foreign Ministry on Thursday, in collaboration with think tank Sustania and blockchain currency platform Coinify, investigates how blockchain technology might solve problems in providing development aid.
“Crypto and crisis is a perfect match, and aid organizations will undeniably be able to respond more quickly using blockchain-based digital money, which arrives at email-speed, safely and transparently,” said Marianne Haahr of Sustania.
Blockchain is still relatively immature and it might take time to develop trust, but some concrete initiatives are being developed. One of Europe's biggest virtual currency platforms, Coinify, is working on using cryptocurrency payments to scale off-grid renewable energy.
“You will be able to pay with your cryptos directly into a solar panel situated in, for example, an African village and then you would not donate money but electricity,” Coinify's CEO Mark Hojgaard told Reuters.
Another option could be an online hub where people would donate to single projects like schools, railroads or bridges. So-called smart contracts would ensure that the money went to its intended project.
“The money being donated goes into a program where you can only use it for bricks and mortar to build a bridge for example. Even if you try to buy a banana it will go back so you can seriously control the money flow,” Hojgaard said.
Blockchain could also be used for digitalized contracts, and some countries like India are already experimenting with blockchain to fight corruption when distributing land rights.
'Ten Commandments' went from film to stone Capitol monument got its start in movie promotion
Master showman Cecil B. DeMille couldn't have planned it better.
A peerless self-promoter, the late Ten Commandments director might see the battle being waged in the U.S. Supreme Court as the ultimate publicity stunt — as well as a moral crusade.
DeMille actually helped establish the battleground. They played a role in getting the granite replica of the Commandments placed outside the Texas Capitol. They skillfully avoided footing the bill for the tablets, leaving that to the Fraternal Order of Eagles. The service organization was already distributing written copies of the Commandments across America in 1951, in hopes of combatting juvenile delinquency.
DeMille's Ten Commandments premiered in 1956. Learning of the Eagles' work — and keen to promote their film with their cause — the director encouraged the group to donate carved stone tablets like those that star Charlton Heston, as Moses, brandished in the movie.
The Eagles then donated such tablets for display at city halls, county courthouses, state capitols and public parks around the country. The group got around to Austin in 1961 when the state Legislature accepted the monument as a gift.
Not about money
By then, DeMille was dead, but their film still benefited. By coincidence, The Ten Commandments was reissued to theaters in 1961, when the tablets were installed only 75 feet from the Capitol rotunda. Thus DeMille gained promotional clout even from beyond the grave.
"DeMille knew how to promote their films in a real bombastic way," said Houston film buff and historian Parker Riggs, a devotee of DeMille's biblical epics. "But it wasn't just about that. Their enormous ego — they even narrated The Ten Commandments off-screen — was matched by their religious fervor.
"He was very, very religious," Riggs said. "His biblical movies were sincere, something they believed in. They weren't all about making money."
The monument in Austin is 3 feet wide, nearly 7 feet tall and made of red granite. The Supreme Court will decide if it violates constitutional separation of church and state. But the Order of Eagles doesn't think so.
"The Fraternal Order of Eagles has promoted the Ten Commandments not in an attempt to impose religion on the masses, but rather in recognition of their role in the very foundation of our legal system," grand presidents Sonny Crawford and Pat Lazenby said in a joint statement. "Our very laws are built on the bedrock moral precepts of the Ten Commandments."
Regardless of their constitutionality, the Commandments remain a monument to the Eagles' intent to do good, and of DeMille's intent to join them.
Crowning film
DeMille first made a silent film of The Ten Commandments in 1923. They then directed such biblical movies as 1927's The King of Kings, 1935's The Crusades and 1949's Samson and Delilah.
But with its star-driven cast (Yul Brynner and Edward G. Robinson also appeared in the 1956 version) and dramatic scene of the parting of the Red Sea, The Ten Commandments was their crowning achievement. It earned seven Academy Award nominations, including best picture, losing to Around the World in 80 Days, another star-driven epic.
But The Ten Commandments was a bigger hit. It cost $13.5 million to make — a huge sum in those days — and earned $65.5 million. The 49-year-old film is among Amazon.com's top 500 sellers. It enjoys annual sales spikes at Easter.
According to industry tracker boxofficemojo.com, The Ten Commandments is the fifth-top-grossing film of all time when ticket sales are adjusted for inflation. It sold $818 million worth of tickets by today's standards, making it even more popular than Titanic.
DeMille made certain people knew how good it was. In promotional materials, they billed it as "The Greatest Event in Motion Picture History."
The Ten Commandments was again reissued to theaters in the early '70s and has long been a fixture on video, getting a two-disc DVD collector's edition a year ago.
Whether on film posters or DVD boxes, its iconic image is of Heston hoisting the stone tablets.
'Really into it'
"The last great thing DeMille did was The Ten Commandments," Riggs said of the director, who made one additional film, 1958's The Bucaneeer, before dying in 1959 at age 77.
"His involvement with their biblical pictures seemed very sincere. They aren't just making a movie. They were really into it. They really did want to bear witness."
bruce.westbrook@chron.com
With Australia recently slipping to 44th in the world internet stakes, the NBN is arguably needed more than ever. Credit: Magilla (canofworms.org)
Christmas came early for the Coalition, which succeeded in getting its long-delayed renegotiations with Telstra and Optus over the line before the industry had collectively headed home for the holidays.
Coming on the heels of a reduction in NBN Co rollout targets and confrontational Senate hearings in which NBN Co could not provide details of its plans, the deal cemented the multi technology mix (MTM) model for the NBN. Competition watchdogs have been asked to help figure out how to prevent Telstra from getting an unfair advantage from the deal, which was announced in mid December with the usual smiles and handshakes.
Despite concerns that Telstra would leverage the deal to its benefit, ACCC chairperson Rod Sims was optimistic that Telstra's technical prowess could be harnessed without allowing it to overrun the industry.
Telstra also picked up additional work around the NBN, helping boost the company's shares and leaving some hailing the deal as a win for small businesses and startups that will get at least some broadband improvements in the short term.
The Telstra deal wasn't the only gift the Coalition government offered itself: communications minister Malcolm Turnbull also finalised a revamped deal with Optus and - on the back of the government's official response to the recommendations of the three-part Vertigan review - abandoned the idea of uniform national pricing for telecommunications services.
The government also introduced a new condition for licensed telecommunications companies, giving them just two weeks to ensure they have separate wholesale and retail arms. This move, blatantly targeted at stopping the rollout of NBN-competitive investments like TPG's fibre to the basement (FTTB) services, had the desired effect as TPG subsequently suspended its rollout pending compliance with the new conditions. Turnbull also promised to release an internal NBN Co review showing the cost to date of rolling out the previous Labor model for the NBN.
Further reading
Everyone's a winner in Telstra-NBN deal (AFR)
NBN Co's new Telstra deal is as good as NBN will get (SMH IT Pro)
Surprise: Oz gov gives itself room to NEVER finish the NBN (The Register)
The year the NBN stood still (Technology Spectator)
The eternal battle between game developers and those who would pirate their games will probably rage on until the sun is nothing but a cold husk at the center of a burnt-out galaxy. Preventing people from stealing your game is a hard-fought battle for most development teams, but the folks behind The Sims 4 came up with a clever way to do just that: by censoring the pirated copies.
Kotaku reports that those who illicitly gained access to The Sims 4 will find that, rather than just pixelating their sims when they need their privacy, pirated games become pixelated entirely, rendering the title a blurry, unplayable mess. The end result is that the pirates can't play the game and generally reveal themselves online when they ask for help with it.
This isn't the first time developers have cleverly fought back against piracy: pirated copies of Batman: Arkham Asylum , for example, had a glitch in it that would cause Batman to flutter their cape repeatedly and crash when trying to glide. Video Game Tycoon, a game about developing and selling video games, would let players make a fair amount of progress through it before bankrupting their projects. The cause of the bankruptcy? Piracy. That's right, to combat pirates, Video Game Tycoon let them have a taste of their own medicine. Though clever measures like these will hardly stop the tide of immoral gamers willing to steal their goods rather than pay for them, it will at least slow them down a bit.
A fractured Supreme Court on Monday took a tentative step away from its recent decisions that said criminal defendants have the right to confront technicians and analysts who prepare crime-lab reports used against them.
The 5 to 4 decision upheld the rape conviction of an Illinois man. But it exposed the divisions on a court that is trying, as Justice Elena Kagan noted, to apply the 18th-century right to confront one's accusers with 21st-century evidence such as DNA testing.
In the end, the justices split in ways that scramble the court's usual ideological divide.
Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr., joined by two of their fellow conservative justices and one liberal, gave prosecutors more leeway in presenting laboratory reports without making analysts testify to their accuracy.
Kagan dissented, joined by two fellow liberals and conservative Justice Antonin Scalia. They said the constitution's confrontation clause was violated when a state expert testified about a DNA report even though no one from the company that prepared it was called to vouch for its accuracy.
The U.S. Supreme Court Building in Washington. (J. Scott Applewhite/AP)
Justice Clarence Thomas decided the outcome. They agreed with the Alito plurality to call the case in favor of Illinois prosecutors, but for reasons that none of the other justices endorsed.
Douglas Berman, an expert on criminal law at the Ohio State University law school, called the 98-page decision that was six months in the making “a bloody mess.”
But they said it was born of a genuine and “collective concern about modern innocence issues” and the best way to accommodate prosecutors' worries about an overwhelmed criminal justice system.
The case began with the 2000 rape of a Chicago woman. Police gathered semen samples from the victim and sent them to the Illinois State Police lab. That lab sent the samples to Cellmark Diagnostics Laboratory, based in Germantown, Md., which prepared a male DNA profile.
An Illinois forensics expert, Sandra Lambatos, conducted a computer search and found that the profile matched that of Sandy Williams, who had been arrested on unrelated charges. The victim picked Williams out of a line-up.
At Williams's trial in 2006, Lambatos testified as to how they made the match, but the Cellmark lab report itself was not introduced into evidence.
Alito said that Lambatos was free to testify about the process and Cellmark's role and that Williams's attorney had the opportunity to cross-examine them They were not testifying to the truth of the Cellmark report, the justice said.
They noted that the purpose of the report “was to catch a dangerous rapist who was still at large, not to obtain evidence for use against” Williams.
The Obama administration and 42 states had urged the court to accept such a position, saying that to do otherwise would hamper the use of expert testimony common in criminal trials.
Kagan wrote in dissent that the decision diminished recent rulings that had revived the importance of the confrontation clause.
“Before today's decision, a prosecutor wishing to admit the results of forensic testing had to produce the technician responsible for the analysis,” they wrote. “That was the result of not one, but two decisions this court issued in the last three years.
“But that clear rule is clear no longer.”
Thomas reasoned that the rape conviction should stand because the Cellmark report “lacked the requisite formality and solemnity” to be considered the kind of testimony subject to the confrontation clause. But their view did not attract the support of any of the other justices.
“Indeed, Justice Thomas's approach, if accepted, would turn the Confrontation Clause into a constitutional geegaw — nice for show, but of little value,” Kagan wrote.
The case is Williams v. Illinois .
The decision came on a day when the court was packed with spectators and lawyers, all of them aware that the court's most important decisions — such as those addressing President Obama's health-care law and Arizona's immigration crackdown— will come within the next 10 days.
Kagan acknowledged the public anticipation of those rulings when they announced that they had written one of Monday's decisions, about whether a Michigan man could challenge the government's decision to take land into trust on behalf of an Indian tribe.
“This is a case about sovereign immunity and prudential standing — maybe not what you've all come for today,” they said to laughter.
The court will issue more decisions on Thursday.
A new joint study by researchers at the Montreal Neurological Institute and the Centre for the Study of Democratic Citizenship, both at McGill University, has cast some light on the brain mechanisms that support people's voting decisions. Evidence in the study shows that a part of the brain called the lateral orbitofrontal cortex (LOFC) must function properly if voters are to make choices that combine different sources of information about the candidates. The study found that damage to the LOFC leads people to base their vote on simpler information, namely the candidate's good looks. Healthy individuals and those with brain damage affecting other parts of the frontal lobes spontaneously weighed both attractiveness and an assessment of the candidate's competence when making their choices.
The new study provides the first evidence that the LOFC is critical for integrating different kinds of information to allow people to arrive at a preference.
Recent studies of political behaviour suggest that voting decisions can be influenced by "first-impression" social attributions based on physical appearance. Separate lines of research have implicated the orbitofrontal cortex in the judgement of social traits on one hand and economic decision-making on the other, implicating the orbitofrontal cortex region as a candidate for linking social attributes to voting decisions.
"How multiple attributes are combined in decision-making and how values are constructed is an important field that is just starting to be considered," says Dr. Lesley Fellows, a neurologist and researcher at the Montreal Neurological Institute and senior author of the paper in the June 3 issue of the Journal of Neuroscience. "Recent research suggests that several areas in the brain carry information about the value of decision options, but it is not yet clear how these areas work together when we make a choice. The LOFC appears to be important when decisions are hard, helping to select the best from among options of similar value."
The study tested subjects with and without damage affecting the LOFC. Participants took part in a simulated election task, where they were asked to vote for real-life but, unknown politicians based only on their photographs. Imagining themselves in an electoral period, participants were also asked to rate the perceived attractiveness and perceived competence of the candidates.
Participants without lesions in the LOFC appeared to make voting decisions based on both perceived attractiveness and perceived competence. Although subjects with LOFC damage could rate the competence of the candidates, they did not use this information when voting, instead relying only on the attractiveness factor.
"This study provides a strong test of the function of this part of the brain," says Dr. Fellows. "It shows that damage disrupts a specific aspect of how a decision is made. It provides evidence that LOFC is necessary for this function. This is the first time the brain basis of political behaviour has been studied with these methods."
Understanding the brain mechanisms underlying these first impression effects on voting is one route to a deeper understanding of human political behaviour and offers a novel perspective on the broader topic of value-based decision-making, to date studied mainly through an economic lens. The project was an interdisciplinary effort, bringing together McGill neuroscientists and political scientists.
“It's Not Fair!” Nature paper studies kids and fairness in seven societies
Americans cherish their ideals of fairness. And American children can be especially strident—some might say loud—advocates for equality. Anyone who has ever painstakingly cut and distributed a child's birthday cake knows how closely those little eyes watch for injustice. And when they see it, especially in their ever-so-slightly-smaller slice, they protest with the anguished cry: “No fair!”
How does this sense of fairness emerge in children? Is it innate or learned? And does it vary across cultures, or do American values represent the norm? Peter Blake, an assistant professor in Boston University's department of psychological and brain sciences and director of BU's Social Development and Learning Lab, has spent a decade studying these questions. Their latest research, a collaboration with psychology professor Katherine McAuliffe, tested an unprecedented 866 pairs of children across seven diverse societies to examine how ideas of fairness emerge, finding surprising similarities among children in Canada, the United States, and Uganda. The research, funded by the Templeton Foundation, was published in the November 18, 2015, issue of Nature.
Human norms of fairness, cooperation, and altruism have puzzled scientists since Darwin's day and remain vital to our understanding of human evolution. “If you really want to understand humans, you need to understand cooperation,” says Felix Warneken, an associate professor of psychology at Harvard and co-author on the Nature paper. “We can't survive on our individual abilities; so much of what we do depends on cooperation.”
In their earlier research, Blake and McAuliffe, who will join the faculty of Boston College in January 2016, tried to establish when children acquire concepts of fairness. “It wasn't obvious that we're just born with a sense of fairness, but everyone seems to have one,” says Blake. “How do these different senses of fairness emerge? And do they have a common foundation or origin?”
To examine these questions, the scientists built a toy they call the “inequity apparatus,” or—less forbiddingly—the Skittle-ator. It's a two-foot-long wooden plank with two small, raised trays near the center. Two children sit on either side, facing each other, as the scientists place Skittles on the trays. In front of one child are two handles, one red and one green. If the child pulls the green handle, the trays tip toward each child and dump Skittles into bowls where they can keep them. But if the kid pulls the red handle, the Skittles slide into a bowl in the center, where neither child can keep them.
In general, when the scientists offer a young child, around age four or five, a “good deal”—she gets four Skittles and the other child gets one—she pulls the green handle and happily takes the four Skittles. But when the scientists offer a “bad deal”—she gets one and the other kid gets four—most kids pull the red handle and walk away empty-handed. It seems like pure spite—if you get more, I don't want any—and the scientists say that's part of it. But there may be more going on: giving up one Skittle is a sacrifice, but it prevents another kid (“the competition”) from gaining a relative advantage. By pulling the red handle, a child also signals that they won't be cheated or exploited, even for a tasty sugar hit. “Kids are willing to pay the price to prevent the bad deal,” says Blake. “And it just becomes stronger with age.”
But a funny thing happens around age eight—kids begin rejecting the “good deal,” too, refusing to take four Skittles when the other child gets only one. “At age eight, we saw this sudden shift,” says Blake. “And when we asked the children why, they would say, ‘It's not fair.'” Not fair, that is, to the other kid.
To double-check these results, the scientists offered children equal allocations of Skittles—I get one, you get one—in what might be called “a good deal for everybody.” Children accepted this offer at all ages.
“It's a really good test of a child's sense of fairness,” says Warneken of the Skittle-ator. “The game tests not just what people say, but what they actually do.”
The study design built on McAuliffe's previous work with cotton-top tamarins. “Tests from animal studies are very intuitive—you can't use language or written instructions with monkeys—so the tests also work well with children,” says McAuliffe. The tamarins, it turns out, gobbled Froot Loops at any opportunity, whether the handouts were fair or not. Human children were far more discerning.
These early studies got the scientists thinking. If this trait—refusing a deal that's unfair to others—appears only around age eight, only in humans, and goes against economic models of rationality, something bigger than biology must be at work. “This seems like a behavior that is shaped by culture,” says Blake.
But the scientists had only tested children in the United States—actually, only in public parks in and around Boston. Would the results hold across cultures? It's a question that many researchers are asking more often, especially after an influential 2010 paper in Behavioral and Brain Sciences noted that behavioral scientists conduct most of their research on subjects from Western, educated, industrialized, rich, and democratic (WEIRD) societies.
“Most of what we know about psychology comes from studying university undergrads in Western countries,” says McAuliffe. “But is the developmental trajectory in the United States the same across cultures? What is the true sense of human fairness?”
To test that question, the scientists teamed up with researchers who had ongoing projects in other countries, trained them on the inequity apparatus, and asked them to include the experiment in their repertoire. Over four years, the collaborators tested a total of 866 pairs of children in Canada, India, Mexico, Peru, Senegal, Uganda, and the United States. (While some scientists used different local candies or cookies in the test, others stuck with Skittles if they could find them in local stores. “Skittles have surprising penetration into the global market,” notes Blake.)
The scientists suspected that children from all cultures would reject the bad deal (I-get-one-you-get-four), and that turned out to be the case. However, children tested in Mexico rejected the bad deal at a much later age, around ten instead of four. Blake isn't sure why this happened, but the Mexican children were from small villages and most knew each other, so they suspect that this personal dynamic might have reduced competition.
“Most of what we know about psychology comes from studying university undergrads in Western countries,” says McAuliffe. “But is the developmental trajectory in the United States the same across cultures? What is the true sense of human fairness?”
The big surprise came with the good deal. The scientists had speculated that children in Canada, like those in the United States, would reject the good deal around age eight, because of common cultural norms. But they weren't sure how children in non-Western societies would react. “Will older kids reject that good deal everywhere? We predicted that no, that probably is not going to happen,” says Blake. “We found that it showed up in the US and Canada, but it also showed up in Uganda, which kind of threw us.”
Among all the countries tested, only Canada, the United Sates, and Uganda showed this common trend. The scientists have a few possible explanations for the surprising find. The area of Uganda tested is rural and agrarian—very different from urban United States and Canada—but many schools in the area show a heavy Western influence. Perhaps Western-trained teachers transmitted cultural norms of fairness to their students. Or, says Blake, children in other countries might see this type of fairness as a valuable trait, but one that applies only to adults. “Or it's possible that there's a completely different reason,” says Blake. “Maybe kids in the US will reject the good deal for one reason, and in Uganda they do it for another. We don't know.”
The study is “really just a first pass,” says McAuliffe, which opens up many questions and avenues for further research. The scientists want to go both broader, studying more societies, and deeper, learning more about each group's culture. “Right now, we have a good measurement of behavior but no in-depth understanding of cultural patterns, socialization, or anthropology,” says Warneken. The scientists also note that they only tested children up to age 15 and want to test adults at various stages of life. Probably with a prize other than Skittles.
The work contributes to a larger area of research examining both the short- and long-term effects of scarcity and inequity on everything from IQ scores to self-confidence.
“We put kids in a situation where they're either receiving less than a peer or more. That's kind of what children are born into, right? They're born into a circumstance where they have less or more than others,” says Blake. “There are bigger questions there, about when kids really become aware of this and whether it affects the rest of their lives.”
Resources More Obituaries for Leonard Smith Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name? Leonard M. Smith
Obituary Condolences Smith, Leonard M.
Leonard Mason Smith, 86, a veteran of World War II and Korea and longtime resident of Pine Island, Florida passed away on November 27th, 2013.
Leonard Smith was a very private man. If you wanted to know their cause of death, they would have told you that it was none of your business. If you asked Penny, their beloved wife, they would tell you that they had cancer, but not to tell anyone. Although their prognosis was dire, they battled on, lived their life and survived several years beyond the experts' expectations. They did not want their obituary to suggest that they lost a long battle with cancer. By their reckoning, cancer could not win, and could only hope for a draw. And so it was. Leonard Smith hated losing.
They were born to Leonard Henry Smith and Charlotte deCamp on July 20th, 1927 in New York City. As a young man they resided in New Rochelle, NY, where they attended the Iona School. They graduated from the Lawrenceville School in New Jersey, and then matriculated at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where they were president of the Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity and earned an engineering degree. They joined the Army Air Corps after their first term at M.I.T., and attained the rank of colonel, but only on the telephone when facilitating personnel discharges and equipment requisitions. They were discharged as a private. After their graduation from M.I.T., they enlisted in the Air Force during the Korean War, and served in Japan and the Philippines. After the war, they began a career as a management executive. They worked for Bamberg Rayon Company, American Enka, Union Carbide, General Dynamics, Cognitronics and Computer Transceiver Systems Incorporated. By virtue of their education, training and temperament, their assignments tended to be companies and divisions that were experiencing financial or operational deficiencies. They liked the challenge.
They were married to Penelope Self on December 4, 1953 in Asheville, North Carolina. They were married for 58 years until their death in 2012. They raised five children together, living in New Rochelle and Greenwich, Connecticut. They enjoyed sailing and served as Commodore of the Shenorock Shore Club in Rye, NY. They also raised show and field Gordon Setters, of which they were very proud. After retirement, they resided in Asheville and Pine Island, where they were active with local church groups and charities.
 They are survived by their sister, Charlen Banks (John) of Vero Beach, FL; their children: Penny Wilson (Chauncey) of Wayland, MA, Patricia Smith (Fred Bubernak) of Woodbridge, VA, Leonard M. Smith of Wilmington, NC, Scott Smith of Woodbridge, VA and J. Bradford Smith of Stamford, CT; and by their grandchildren: Michael Finger (Vanessa) of Portsmouth, NH and Samuel Bubernak of Woodbridge, VA.
Leonard Smith hated pointless bureaucracy, thoughtless inefficiency and bad ideas born of good intentions. They loved their wife, admired and respected their children and liked just about every dog they ever met. They will be greatly missed by those they loved and those who loved him. In lieu of flowers, the family asks that you cancel your subscription to The New York Times.
Leonard Smith would have thought that this obituary was about three paragraphs too long.
Published in GreenwichTime on Jan. 26, 2014 Read More Remember Share memories or express condolences below. 29 Entries | 1 Photo The Guest Book is Expired Please restore the Guest Book to share in the life story for LEONARD M. SMITH ‹ Back to today's Obituaries
The 73-year-old California man with dementia who was shot dead by police Monday may have been waving a wooden crucifix that was mistaken for a weapon, their family said.
Francisco Serna was in the early stages of dementia and had recently begun carrying around a crucifix that was about 6 inches long and waving it at people, according to one of their daughters, Laura Serna.
“There were moments where they thought they were going to die of old age,” their daughter told TIME on Tuesday. “He was just carrying that around. I don't know if it was like for their security. They could have mistaken that for a weapon.”
Francisco Serna was out for a brisk walk at about 12:30 a.m. when a Bakersfield police officer opened fire while responding to a report of an armed man, authorities and the man's relatives said.
Authorities said Serna was unarmed when they were shot and killed. Serna's family believe they had the crucifix with them at the time; they have not found it in the house since their death.
Bakersfield police did not comment on whether a crucifix was found with Serna at the time of the shooting. Sgt. Gary Carruesco, a police department spokesperson, said in a statement that officers were responding to a report of a man “brandishing a handgun.” One officer shot Serna several times in a neighbor's driveway after a witness pointed to them and has since been placed on routine administrative leave.
Laura Serna, 47, who lives with their parents, said their father was not heavily religious but that they were sentimental. Last week, they started bringing the crucifix around with them while they were reminiscing about loved ones who have died. The wooden crucifix was among many that had been inside their house for years. “That's just the one they chose to carry,” Laura Serna said.
The shooting left Serna's family reeling with pain and anger at the loss of a man whom they remembered as a “hero.”
One of Francisco Serna's sons, Rogelio Serna, told TIME that their father liked taking short walks at night to cope with their dementia and tire themselves out before bed. “He took their last walk,” said Rogelio Serna, who mourned their father as a loving family man who raised their five children to live life without violence. “He was my hero. We're still in shock and we want to get answers. We just want to get answers.”
Laura Serna said they were sleeping when they were jolted awake by the sound of gunshots. “Less than five minutes later, my mom was knocking on the bedroom door, saying ‘Something is happening. Something happened to your dad.' I got downstairs and went outside, and my dad was laying in the driveway across the street dead and bloody,” they recalled. “There was no explanation.”
Photo courtesy Rogelio Serna
Laura Serna said their parents were watching television when their mother left the room to wash another load of laundry. When they returned, their husband was missing and the front door was cracked open. “She went outside and they called him, ‘Francisco!' And they did not respond. But they did notice that their body was across the street,” their daughter said. “He was slumped over and bloodied.”
“I said, ‘That is my father! Are they injured?' An officer pushed us and said we needed to leave—that we're in a crime scene,” they said. “It was horrible. I could not believe it. I could not believe what was going on.”
Francisco Serna, who had more than a dozen grandchildren and a handful of great-grandchildren, was diagnosed with dementia in July 2015 and had been taking medication for it, their children said. They were living with their wife and daughter, Laura.
Rogelio Serna, 41, said their father was a “mentor” to their children and had raised a tight-knit family. “He had time for all of us,” the younger Serna said. “We're of course angry and upset. We just want answers. We do not tolerate violence. We were not raised that way,” they said.
“We're going to miss them dearly,” the son added. “He was at the age where they were getting sick. They should have passed away surrounded by family, not surrounded by police and bullets.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
UPDATE:
Microsoft has issued a patch in Windows 10 to fix a serious corruption issue with regards to .wav media files written by Sound Devices & Video Devices recorders.
Windows 10 introduced the Encrypting File System (EFS) for removable FAT media, by using a reserved bit to indicate whether or not a file was encrypted. This caused Windows 10 to treat the file as EFS encrypted and overwrite the RIFF/WAVE header, making broadcast wave files unreadable. Prior to Windows 10, Microsoft did not use this bit, which was used by Sound Devices, so Quality Assurance testing would not have revealed any conflict.
The patch, KB3093266 issued by Microsoft on 30 September 2015, addresses this issue and has been verified by Sound Devices.
To get the Windows 10 patch, ensure that Windows Updates is set to Automatic, by doing the following:
Go to Start > Settings > Update & Security > Windows Update, and then select Advanced options. Choose how updates are installed by selecting Automatic (recommended).
Note: If a temporary workaround registry key was used to disable EFS, that key may be deleted at any point after the patch is installed. Deleting the registry key will require a system reboot.
We have confirmed user reports of a serious issue with Windows 10 and removable media formatted as FAT32. Users are experiencing corruption of .wav media files by simply inserting FAT32 formatted SD or CF cards into a Windows 10 computer. Files do not need to be opened or accessed in order for them to become corrupt.
This problem has been reported to Microsoft. If we learn of any new information we will share it at the earliest. Thank you for your continued support!
"Who's doing the raping?" Donald Trump asked rhetorically. "Who's doing the raping?"
The real estate mogul and Republican presidential candidate has gotten a lot of attention recently for their comments disparaging Mexican immigrants.
"When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best; they're not sending you," Trump said in their presidential announcement speech regarding illegal immigration. "They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists."
That brings us to this chart tweeted by Michael McDonough, Chief Economist of Bloomberg Intelligence. Citing US Department of Justice and Pew Research Center data, the chart shows that rape and sexual assault victimization rates among females have declined during a period when the number of illegal immigrants living in the US has risen.
Now, these two stats are among the most difficult to measure accurately as many sexual assaults unfortunately go unreported and most illegal immigrants are unlikely to report themselves. But assuming these stats are at least directionally accurate, this information could arguably conflict with what candidate Trump has been talking about.
Van Jones starred in a few memorable exchanges with Donald Trump supporters on CNN during the presidential campaign, but one remark by the Democratic strategist stands above the rest.
“This was a rebellion against the elites. True,” Jones said of Trump's victory on election night. “It was a complete reinvention of politics and polls. It's true. But it was also something else. ... We've talked about everything but race tonight. We've talked about income. We've talked about class. We've talked about region. We haven't talked about race. This was a white-lash. This was a white-lash against a changing country. It was a white-lash against a black president, in part.”
Jones spoke with The Fix about how the comment has made them a target in the conservative media, revealed the one question they forgot to ask Trump booster Jeffrey Lord, and talked about their hope for “more constructive disagreement.” If you're wondering what constructive disagreement looks like, check out Jones's Web series, “The Messy Truth,” in which they visit voters in their homes. Jones will host a live special by the same name on CNN Dec. 6.
The following conversation has been edited for clarity and length.
THE FIX: I have observed in past two weeks that you have been cast as a boogeyman by the likes of Breitbart, particularly because of your “white-lash” comment on election night. I'm curious whether that's something you pay attention to or whether it's something you choose to block out.
JONES: I take everybody's point of view very seriously, and I think that shows in my commentary on air. I don't dismiss anybody's point of view. I also know that there's a branch of our media that has to be mad at somebody, so I worry less about that than where the overall conversation is going in the country. My concern is that we have two political parties that have pretty significant blind spots. The liberals seem to be blind to the very distasteful strain of elitism that seems to have found a home in our party, and the conservatives have a blind spot for a very nasty strain of bigotry that has found a home in their party. That is not to say that every Democrat is an elitist or that every Republican is a bigot; it is to say that both parties have some real work to do to have parties that respect all Americans.
THE FIX: Is the “white-lash” term something you thought up in advance or did it just come to you in the moment?
JONES: I'd had a conversation a week prior about what was going on across Europe, and the term came up in that conversation. This whole thing is very much tied to what's going on throughout the West: white working classes reacting against globalization and immigration across the West. And I say white working class because African American, Latino and Asian workers are not joining in large numbers. Why do you keep playing the race card? Well, because you have to be accurate. The black working class embraced Hillary Clinton. The Afro-Caribbean populations in the U.K. were against Brexit. So there is a race and class characteristic that you have to talk about. Any term, if it's going to cut through the clutter, has a chance to be misinterpreted, but it's a conversation we have to have.
THE FIX: Take us behind some of your on-screen debates with the pro-Trump crowd. You and Jeffrey Lord had some really dynamic exchanges during the campaign. You and Mary Matalin just recently. Is all of that spontaneous and authentic in the moment, or do you talk about your points beforehand and know you're going to go at it?
JONES: No, I think you can tell all that stuff is unplanned. The first one with me and Jeff, we were still getting to know each other on the air, and we were both caught off guard because our realities are so totally different. It was like a matter/anti-matter explosion whenever we would stumble into the topic of race. There was never a time when we were like, “Okay, now Jeff and Van are going to go talk about race.” What would happen is we'd be talking about something else, and one or the other would mention something from our perspective, and that would trigger a discussion of race. And I'd find out that from their perspective, the Klan is a liberal organization, which I thought was bizarre. My only regret is I never got a chance to ask Jeffrey on air, if the Klan is a liberal organization, then why were they endorsing Trump? I had that in my back pocket that if they ever raises the Klan again, I'm going to ask him. But then I'd get so mad, I'd forget to ask.
THE FIX: I was checking out some of the previews of interactions you had with Trump voters for your “Messy Truth” special next month, and I'm wondering how hopeful you are about being able to have productive conversations with people who don't see the world the way you do.
JONES: I think I'm one of the few national Democrats who have a very long track record of working with the right. ... I worked very hard to develop and maintain friendships with all the conservatives and Trumps supporters who came on our air and probably talked more to them during the campaign and after than I did to most national Democrats. I grew up in the rural South, in a red state, all public schools and church on Sunday, so I really understand the frustration a lot of conservatives have with the way that the coastal elite sees them. So I know that there's a lot of room for more constructive disagreement. I'm not aiming for agreement. In a dictatorship, everybody has to agree. In a democracy, nobody has to agree. I'm not aiming for agreement; I'm aiming for a more constructive disagreement, and I have high hopes for that.
Another day, another limousine liberal making ignorant pronouncements about global warming. This time, it's long-time actor Robert Redford in an op-ed for USA Today claiming that "our weather is out of whack."
Redford (or their ghostwriter) wrote the piece as part of a campaign with the National Resources Defense Council to place television ads in the Washington, DC, area in the hopes of getting President Obama to indulge in extra-Constitutional behavior in the form of more unilateral EPA regulations against industries they hate. (One wonders how he'd feel if a president did that sort of thing against the movie industry.)
Such measures are necessary, according to Redford, because, as they headlined their piece, "natural disasters are not odd coincidences."
And of course, we can trust the word of a guy who pretends to be other people for money instead of the word of actual scientists who say that the number of tornadoes and hurricanes has not actually increased. Forget about the facts, Redford wants action:
Indeed, what is the presidency for? It is to lead America where it needs to go, even when the road is pockmarked by political obstruction and special interest roadblocks that always crop up as reasons not to do the right thing. Today, we can no longer put off a presidential response to the increasing chaos in our climate. Our weather is out of whack. Climate change is happening, and fast. It's heartbreaking to see destructive forces hit families, farmers, business owners and communities across our country. It's frustrating as the costs pile up to see next to nothing in response from Capitol Hill. And it's ominous as the concentration of carbon dioxide in our atmosphere passes 400 parts per million – levels that haven't been experienced in 3 million years, long before even cavemen walked the Earth. Pouring more carbon pollution into the sky is setting the table for growing intensity of extreme weather, with more persistent drought, devastating wildfires, costly floods, scorching summers and storms that punish more with each punch.
Ironically enough, it would appear that Redford is also going against the Bible of conventional liberalism, the New York Times, which acknowledged Monday that the Earth's temperature has not increased in the past 15 years, despite increased carbon in the atmosphere. As the Times put it: "The situation highlights important gaps in our knowledge of the climate system, some of which cannot be closed until we get better measurements from high in space and from deep in the ocean."
But never mind that, a washed-up actor is telling us we need to do something. What are we waiting for?!
Hat tip: Weasel Zippers.
Courtesy Everett Collection
Before they lifted off on Star Trek, the young William Shatner's career got a boost with one of their two guest appearances on The Twilight Zone, starting with “Nightmare at 20,000 Feet.” In this episode, Shatner is Robert Wilson, a salesperson taking their first flight after having a nervous breakdown, one not helped by the gremlin they keep seeing on the wing of the plane — a gremlin only they seem to see. Terrified that the creature is going to bring down the jetliner, Shatner takes a gun from a sleeping police officer — remember, these were the pre-TSA days — and opens the plane's exit to fire at the gremlin. Needless to say, Wilson is detained upon landing, but no one can explain the strange damage done to the fuselage of the plane.
Next The Invaders (1961)
From the Golden Age Toro to Ultimate Human Torch, characters sprung from Marvel Entertainment are as varied as the people who read, watch, listen and even play them in video games.
The publisher of Marvel Comics is focusing on its panoply of characters, enlisting writers, artists, editors and historians to build a sprawling digital and interactive timeline that showcases the famous, the infamous and the obscure heroes, villains and others.
The endeavor is part of Marvel's celebration of its 75th anniversary, said editor-in-chief Axel Alonso, and to make people aware of more than marquee names like Captain America or Spider-Man.
"We want it to be as friendly to people who come out of the Cineplex to people who have long boxes in their basement," they said this week of the site at www.marvel.com/75. "It's time for us to underline that and show our rich history."
The site, which goes live in April, features interactive timelines, interviews with classic writers and artists — including Stan Lee and Roy Thomas — along with contemporary ones like Dan Slott, Kelly Sue DeConnick and Brian Michael Bendis, among others.
"The web gives us the capability to do things differently, daily and across platforms — audio, video, picture galleries, lists — with all the characters and the creators," said Ben Morse, editor of Marvel's website and an architect of the initiative. "We're looking at the characters, the history and the major stories from different perspectives than we normally would."
In most cases, promotion is about what is to come — a new Rocket Raccoon comic or a Big Hero Six film. The 75th anniversary site is about looking back and taking stock.
"This is an opportunity to celebrate what's come before," said Morse.
Part of the interactive is breaking the company's history into different eras, said Matt Robinson, Marvel's art director for digital, to have content from "over the years, from the beginning of Marvel all the way to the present day" focusing on each decade.
"That vast spread is why we did it by era, so that we could highlight even those that may not be prominent and still give them their due," they said.
That will help them lavish attention on every era from the Golden Age of the late 1930s and 1940s to the Silver Age and the creation of Spidey, the Fantastic Four, the rise of the X-Men and contemporary characters, too.
"For long-time fans, it's a refresher course and will probably fill in some gaps," Alonso said. "For the new ones? It's the chance to see everything that has gotten us to where we are now."
Olympic speed-skating medallist Denny Morrison is working on walking slowly nearly three weeks after they were in a motorcycle crash that tipped a Toyota Corolla on its side.
Morrison is getting around with the help of crutches and recovering quickly from injuries sustained in the May 7 wreck, according to a release issued by Speed Skating Canada on Monday. The celebrated athlete already has their eyes on the 2018 Olympic Games.
Morrison, 29, had been operating a Yamaha motorcycle in northwest Calgary when it crashed into a car that was attempting to turn left onto Crowchild Trail N.W. with such force that it tipped the Toyota Corolla onto its side.
The four-time long track speed skating Olympic medalist suffered a long list of injuries in the collision: a fractured femur, minor injuries to their lung, liver and kidney, a slight fracture to their radius and lumbar spine transverse process, a knee ACL tear, and a concussion.
Two women in their 20s were in the car but did not need to be taken to hospital.
After consulting with the Crown, police charged Morrison with failing to yield to a yellow light at the intersection and they were fined $155.
Morrison spent a week in hospital and was discharged on May 15. In the days since, the speedskater has been working on walking slowly and he's started some light pedalling on a stationary bike.
Morrison called the support from family and friends overwhelming and said the medical care he's received has been good.
“I can't believe how quickly things have progressed so far,” Morrison said in the release.
“I know I am one lucky dude. It could have been much, much worse.”
Following the collision, police said the motorcyclist was lucky to be alive given that they were driving at an “excessive rate of speed.”
Monday's news release from Speed Skating Canada states Morrison was travelling at a normal speed, however police have previously told the Herald they were unable to determine just how fast the motorcycle was travelling.
“The witness evidence was, when the light turned yellow, they actually cracked down on the throttle and sped up through the light,” Staff Sgt. Paul Stacey said on Sunday.
Morrison said he's been riding motorcycles for 20 years and takes road safety seriously.
“I just got caught in the shadow of the car travelling next to me and the other driver didn't see me when they pulled out into the intersection. I had nowhere to go,” they said in the release.
Speed Skating Canada's high performance director Brian Rahill said they were pleased the athlete is recovering quickly.
“He will now be able to fully focus on their recovery and, in the Olympic cycle objective, to aim to repeat their performances from Sochi at the upcoming 2018 Olympic Games,” Rahill said.
AKlingbeil@calgaryherald.com
If you are a Firefox user, which by the way, is the choice browser of computer techs; I encourage you take a look at the Firefox extension called TabScope. If you are not familiar with browser extensions (sometimes called plug-ins or add-ons) then you do not know what you are missing.
A browser extension is a computer program that extends the functionality of a web browser in some way. Depending on the browser, the term may be distinct from similar terms such as plug-in or add-on. [ Wikipedia ]
TabScope is one of those extensions that I have installed to enhance the functionality of my browser session. With TabScope installed you can hover your mouse over a browser tab to get a “real-time” thumbnail preview of what is open behind the tab. The “cool factor” with TabScope is that you can resize the thumbnail size and you can actually interact with the thumbnail. In other words, when the thumbnail is open it is like having a mini browser window open that you can click on the links/buttons and can navigate back in forth. This is very useful if you are working with and toggling between numerous browser tabs.
I do have to say, when I installed TabScope the thumbnails were a little small for my eyes; therefore, I went into the settings and doubled the size of the thumbnail previews.
If you are person who multi-tasks in their browser, like I do, with numerous tabs open; then, TabScope is a good browser extension to install. You can download and get the TabScope extension [ HERE ]. Again, as a reminder, this is a Firefox browser extension that works with the Firefox browser only.
post to jaanix
[ CLICK HERE TO LEAVE A COMMENT ]
Pin 14 Shares
We're all a little bit afraid of change. But we should be equally afraid of stagnating and losing sight of why we chose our career in the first place. Here are three signs it might be time for you to consider making a move out of your current position:
You've Outgrown It
Admitting this doesn't make you too big for your britches; sometimes it's the honest truth. You've learned a lot, but you find yourself wishing for more of a challenge. And you've run up against the highest rung of the ladder at your current organization. This might be a sign it's time to put some feelers out—to see whether you might be able to find a position elsewhere that will let you keep growing and achieving more.
You've Lost Your Sparkle
You thought you were “doing what you love,” but you don't love what you're doing anymore. Maybe you even dread going to work. Live between vacations. Watch the clock. These are all good indications it's time to get your passion and purpose back, and that might mean a new job.
Work is… Work
You don't get excited any more about new projects. You're anxious or tired or just plain grumpy when you're at work. Maybe you have a lousy boss or a hostile coworker and it's eating at you. Before work starts affecting your health—physical, mental, or both—figure out a way to make a change.
It's a hard step to take, but one that can be extremely rewarding—and much better than falling into an endless rut. Remember, work can be extremely satisfying when we're doing something we believe in and that keeps us on our toes.
Pin 14 Shares Pin 14 Shares
Pin 14 Shares
Image: Author
The hardest thing about Google X's Project Loon hasn't been the engineering challenge of beaming high-speed internet down to the far-flung corners of the world from 60,000 feet up in the sky, explained Richard DeVaul, the founder of the moonshot project. It's trying to control all those freaking balloons.
DeVaul, sporting a pair of Google Glass onstage at the Smithsonian's "Future Is Here" event this weekend, gave us a rare behind-the-scenes glimpse at one of the secretive lab's most high-profile snafus.
"I can tell you about one of the unexpected things that happened," they said. "We created mass UFO sightings across the US."
The most famous of these occurred two years ago in Pike County, Kentucky. Citizens spotted and captured footage of an aerial object unlike anything they'd ever seen before floating high up in the sky.
"I don't understand how it could stay up there in one place. There was no sign of propellers or any kind of proportion system. No gas is coming out," wrote Allen Epling, who first spotted the flying object. The airline industry reported they didn't have any planes in that area, and police were equally stumped.
After much speculation, conspiracy theories, and subsequent sightings in Virginia and Tennessee, Google admitted the mysterious floater was one of the balloons they were testing for Project Loon. The UFO community wrote the claim off as a publicity stunt, and remained skeptical.
On Saturday, DeVaul revealed to the public for the first time the once-unidentified flying object. It was the "Falcon 11," a 120-foot long transparent mylar balloon made in-house at the secret Google X lab.
"This is a balloon that went rogue," DeVaul said.
The Loon team launched the massive spherical, internet-carrying balloon from California on what was supposed to be a short-duration test flight. But it "ran out of juice" and they lost track of it.
They then followed its course eastward by checking in on UFO forums online.
"We tracked the balloon by outsourcing to the internet UFO community," DeVaul said. "It drifted all the way across the country, getting to Kentucky, to the Eastern Seaboard, all the way up to Canada."
"No one outside Google X knows this."
Image: Author
I caught up with DeVaul after the event and asked them if the Falcon 11 was still in use, or if that particular model was benched after its extraterrestrial disappearing act.
Turns out it was one of many models. All the balloon prototypes are named after birds, starting with "A," they told me. So that gives you some sense of how many attempts there have been to get the design right—and the "Falcon" is from back in 2012.
When I asked DeVaul what letter they're on now, they laughed and said unfortunately they aren't able to talk about that (surprise surprise), but suffice to say they were a lot further along. They then hinted that the lab is now working on totally something new—he wouldn't confirm if it's even a balloon—that, if successful, could stay aloft forever.
Typical Google X vaguery and dramatic flare. We'll be on the hunt for more details on that mysterious object, and in the meantime, the Project Loon team will ostensibly keep trying to perfect its balloon design. Note to UFO chasers everywhere: It might not be an alien spacecraft, it might just be an internet-carrying “Toucan” balloon gone rogue.
We are a visual people. We are attracted to what we see and for the most part that's particularly true for us and movies. We are usually lured into watching a film not just because of the trailers, but the posters that are plastered everywhere. Whether they are simplistic with text only or bombastic with visuals galore, movie posters are a big part of not only marketing the movie, but being a part of our culture.
For Disney films, we know that we've seen our share of Disney movie posters. They're great and may have leaded us into the theater for that particular film. But now that the movie is out of theaters and most likely on Blu-ray and on our shelves already, that doesn't mean that the visual and physical part of that movie magic has to die! That's what the artists at Mondo (usually known for their t-shirts) thought when they reimagined some of the classic and more recent Disney movie posters that have given a new life to the movies themselves.
Debuting earlier this month at this year's South by Southwest Festival in Texas, these posters were a hit with those who visited the gallery that Mondo created which contained more the 30 of these visually stunning posters. We've included some of them in the gallery below for your enjoyment…because they were created for your enjoyment! Perhaps you'll even dive back into your shelves and find that Disney movie to watch after seeing these posters too. And around and around we go…
* * *
Here's a video recap of the opening of the gallery too that shows even more of the amazing posters –
– – –
What do you think of the new Disney movie posters? Do you like how Mondo reimagined them? Do you think these posters could hang (or sell) in an art gallery? Which one would you take home with you? Comment and tell us!
print
Central government employees and pensioners are likely to be disappointed as the 7th Pay Commission is expected to propose an approximate 15 per cent hike in salaries starting January 1, 2016, sources told NDTV.The recommendation, which will become effective after a Cabinet nod, will impact 50 lakh central government employees and 54 lakh pensioners.The 15 per cent salary hike likely to be recommended by the 7th Pay Commission will be much lower than the 35 per cent hike employees got on implementation of the 6th Pay Commission in 2008.A 15 per cent salary increase would push up the central government's salary bill by Rs 25,000 crore, which is 0.2 per cent of India's GDP, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch estimates.Economists expect the wage hikes to boost the consumption-driven recovery in the domestic economy. Sales of affordable homes and consumer durables such as cars, two-wheelers and other electronic items are likely to pick up, analysts say.On the flip side, salary hikes are also expected to stoke inflation and fiscal pressures, economists say.According to sources, the recommendations of the 7th Pay Commission will be submitted to the finance minister on Thursday. The 7th Pay Commission is unlikely to suggest changes in the retirement age of central government employees, sources said. Pay Commissions are meant to review the salary structure of central government employees and are set up every 10 years.
"Roundball Rock" Single by John Tesh Released 1990 Recorded 1990 Genre New-age Length 2 : 49 Label GTS Records Songwriter(s) John Tesh Producer(s) John Tesh
"Roundball Rock"[1] is a theme song composed by John Tesh and used for The NBA on NBC from 1990 until 2002. NBC played the song 12,000 times during their run. Tesh came up with the melody while at a hotel and called their answering machine at home to sing a preliminary version of the melody so they would not forget it.[2] A more rock-oriented variant was introduced in 1997 to coincide with the debut of the WNBA. That theme was also used until 2002, and on NBC's WNBA telecasts only.
When ABC took over broadcasting rights for the National Basketball Association (NBA) from NBC, Tesh offered them the rights to also use their song, but they declined and chose to compose their own theme music instead.[3][4] The theme is still memorable nearly two decades later, especially because of its association with the NBA's ascendance in the 1990s.
The song was revived in three ways in 2008 and 2016, with NBC using the music for commercial bumpers and starting lineup announcements during their coverage of basketball at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2016 Summer Olympics that featured NBA players[5] and Tesh releasing a free MP3 version on their website to commemorate the 2008 NBA Finals.[6] This song was sampled by Nelly for their song "Heart of a Champion" from their studio album, Sweat, and compilation album Sweatsuit. "Roundball Rock" was also used in The Boondocks episode "Ballin'".
On April 13, 2013, Saturday Night Live parodied John Tesh pitching the theme song to NBC Sports executives. In this sketch, the song featured comical lyrics sung by John's fictional brother Dave.
A re-recording of the tune is used by Tesh as theme music for their syndicated radio show, as well as for the television series Intelligence for Your Life that Tesh co-hosts with their wife Connie Sellecca.
On September 17, 2017, NBC briefly played the song heading into a commercial break during a Sunday Night Football game, over a replay of a jump shot-themed touchdown celebration by Atlanta Falcons players Devonta Freeman and Andy Levitre.[7]
Fox Sports announced in December 2018 that it had acquired the rights to "Roundball Rock", which it will play for select college basketball broadcasts.[8]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The news that Republicans are considering a tight cap on 401(k) contributions, first reported by the New York Times last week, shocked the financial world as lobbyists and analysts alike wondered whether a cornerstone of America's retirement system could be at risk. President Donald Trump took to Twitter Monday morning to put those fears to rest. “There will be NO change to your 401(k),” they tweeted. “This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays!”
If you care about increasing Americans' retirement savings, Trump is right that the GOP proposal to tightly cap 401(k) contributions is a bad idea—but the reason they give is exactly wrong. The real reason doesn't have all that much to do with the middle class, but is closely connected to why it's so hard to convince Americans to save for retirement.
The tax break for 401(k)s, under which Americans sock away hundreds of billions of dollars of tax-advantaged retirement savings every year, is seen as a classic middle-class tax break, along with the child tax credit and exclusion for employer-sponsored insurance. It's not: Contrary to Trump's tweet, the break does relatively little to help the middle class. In fact, most of the benefits of the tax break, which costs the government more than $100 billion a year, accrue to the rich. The problem with the GOP proposal is not that the rich would continue to disproportionately benefit from the exclusion; the problem is that, from everything we know about modern economics, trimming it would lead to lots of other people, even middle-class workers, saving less for retirement.
Retirement savings plans, though pitched as policy for everyone, aren't very evenly distributed throughout the income ladder. According to a 2009 survey, most workers in the bottom quarter of the income distribution don't even have access to workplace retirement benefits. In the top quarter, 73 percent of them do. And the rich are more likely to participate in those plans: 94 percent of high-income workers who have access to workplace retirement benefits use them, compared to just 72 percent of low-income workers. In turn, the rich receive most of the benefits from retirement tax breaks.
“The well-off is who really benefits. In that sense, it's a really bad tax break,” said Monique Morrissey, an economist at the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute who has researched workplace retirement plans.
The Republican proposal, according to the Times, would lower the maximum annual pre-tax 401(k) contribution from its 2018 level of $18,500 to just $2,400. (Workers could still contribute above the $2,400 threshold, but those additional contributions would be taxed initially.) In theory, this change shouldn't affect savings decisions for many workers, since their post-tax earnings won't be too different whether they're either taxed now, or, under a traditional 401(k) plan, at the time of withdrawal.
But Brigitte Madrian, an economist at Harvard's Kennedy School who has extensively studied workplace retirement plans, believes that the House GOP proposal could significantly reduce savings. Them work is part of a new strain of economic research, called behavioral economics, that examines how people actually operate in the real world. She's found that, for the most part, Americans don't understand the federal tax system and retirement tax breaks. When choosing how much to save, they said, they don't take a deep look at their finances, projected retirement expenses and federal tax breaks and work backwards to estimate their optimal savings level. Instead, they effectively use mental tricks to reach a decision, often choosing a round number like 5 or 10 percent. “When you are sitting down and deciding how much to save, there are a lot of possibilities. People don't have the mental bandwidth to evaluate all those options,” they said. “They reduce the choice to a few options that seem particularly salient.”
Madrian worries that one of those mental shortcuts people could use is the federal cap on 401(k) contributions. Few savers are likely to hit the 2018 cap of $18,500, so it's unlikely that many will use that as a target. But if Congress lowered the 401(k) cap to $2,400, millions of workers would hit that limit, and many of them may just stop contributing at that point—perhaps out of simplicity or perhaps because they view the cap as an implicit endorsement of the optimal savings level. Either way, it leads to reduced savings.
“In the middle class, most people just do whatever we're going to do and figure out whether there's a tax break for it later,” said Joshua Gotbaum, a guest scholar at the Brookings Institute who served as the head of the federal Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation from 2010 to 2014.
The upside of Madrian's research is that American workers care about and understand retirement tax breaks far less than policymakers previously believed, which gives them more bandwidth to reform the system without reducing savings. For instance, Madrian believes that Congress could move the entire 401(k) system to a Roth system, under which savings are taxed initially but can be withdrawn tax-free, without a drop in retirement savings; their research suggests such a change wouldn't affect the real-world retirement choices that most workers consider. In other words, if you were considering saving either 5 or 10 percent of your income under the old system, you'd most likely make the same choices under a Roth system—even though the tax breaks changed substantially. There's evidence for this as well: A 2014 study found little change in worker savings decisions after employers introduced a Roth plan.
For Republicans, converting the 401(k) system could, on paper, save the government hundreds of billions of dollars within the 10-year budget window, making it easier to meet Senate parliamentarian goals around how much the tax bill can cut the budget during the first 10 years. (To be clear, this is a budget gimmick, since those initial savings are offset by reduced tax collections in later years.)
If workers don't pay attention to the structure of retirement tax breaks, why not just eliminate them altogether? According to Madrian's work, that is unlikely to affect the decisions of workers who have access to workplace retirement accounts—but it could reduce access overall if employers choose not to participate. Employer participation is particularly important because by depositing contributions through payroll deductions, companies provide an easy mechanism for people to contribute. “You would see a big change in outcome because companies would get out of that business,” they said.
Ken Raskin, a lawyer who chairs the Plan Sponsor Council of America, a trade group representing employer-sponsored retirement plans, argued that the House GOP plan would cause fewer employers to offer retirement benefits, citing a survey that the PSCA conducted earlier this year that found employers overwhelmingly believed their workers would save less if the cap was reduced. “Nobody wants to save for retirement. What puts people over the hurdle is that they can get a tax deduction today,” they said. “I think the result would be a very significant reduction in savings.”
But the survey also found that most employers would likely continue to offer a retirement plan if the cap was lowered. (There was a bit more uncertainty about converting to a Roth-only system). Taken with Madrian's research, Congress has an opportunity to reduce the contributions cap without huge declines in savings—the reduction just can't be so large that it affects the decisions of millions of Americans. In other words, Washington can use behavioral science insights to make the 401(k) system more progressive without reducing retirement savings.
“In theory, it could [reduce savings], if we were perfectly rational,” Gotbaum said. “but we're not, especially when it comes to doing things that are hard, like deciding to save money rather than spend it.”
The Australian government has announced plans to make it tougher for foreigners to obtain citizenship with applicants now having to undergo an "Australian values" test and take a higher level English-language exam.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull made the announcement on Thursday, a week after they cancelled a work visa popular with foreigners and said that they would replace it with an immigration policy that put "Australia First".
"Australian citizenship should be honoured, cherished," Turnbull told reporters in the capital, Canberra.
"I reckon if we went out today and said to Australians, 'Do you think you could become an Australian citizen without being able to speak English?' They'd say, 'You're kidding. Surely you'd have to be able to speak English.'"
Turnbull's centre-right government has seen its approval rating nosedive in recent months with nationalist and anti-Islam parties seeing a surge in support.
The right-wing One Nation party, which has pledged to ban Muslim immigration and install surveillance cameras in mosques and religious schools, has made significant gains at the expense of the coalition government.
READ MORE: Does Australia have a racism problem?
Turnbull said that the applicants would need a minimum level 6.0 equivalent of the International English Language Testing System, and a person will only become eligible for citizenship after four years as a permanent resident, an increase from one year.
The current citizenship multiple-choice questionnaire tests a person's knowledge of Australian laws, national symbols, and colours of the Aboriginal flag. But Turnbull said it was not adequate to judge whether a person would accept "Australian values".
"If we believe that respect for women and children and saying no to violence ... is an Australian value, and it is, then why should that not be made a key part, a fundamental part, a very prominent part, of our process to be an Australian citizen? Why should the test simply be a checklist of civic questions?"
The new citizenship test will include questions about whether applicants have sent their children to school, whether they go to work - if they are of working age - and whether becoming part of unruly gangs in cities reflected Australian values.
"The announcement has alarmed many multicultural advocates, and migrant and ethnic groups will feel targeted," said Al Jazeera's Yaara Bou Melhem, reporting from Sydney.
"The opposition party has also spoken about the proposed changes and said that it's designed to appease [the government's] conservative base and perhaps nationalist groups."
The new citizenship requirements are expected to be passed by parliament with the backing of right-wing senators.
”My dad is a big influence, he's been by my side since I decided to do boxing, and they back me 100%,” Nathan Gorman says just under a decade on from the days of when they were having playful spars with their father in their living room. Now, they are fighting on big fight cards, learning their trade on one of Britain's biggest TV networks, BT Sport.
The 22-year-old is now unbeaten in 13 fights after turning professional in December 2015 when they stopped Jindrich Velecky at the Town Hall in Walsall. Since that night, Gorman has established themselves as one of Britain's most exciting prospects with 11 of their victories coming by way of knockout. Their last outing was a third-round stoppage win over Irishman Sean Turner who had never been previously stopped despite fighting the likes of Filip Hrgovic from Croatia, who is another touted heavyweight star for the future.
A performance, that not only the boxing world thought highly of, but Gorman themselves admits that it could not have gone better.
”Yeah definitely, it was a big stage and it was good to get a great win over a very credible fighter in Sean [Turner], so we just got to keep the ball rolling now, keep getting these good wins so people will keep taking notice of my performances,” Gorman said.
Gorman will return to the ring for the third time in 2018 this weekend with an opponent still to be confirmed for a scheduled eight-round contest. The event will be headlined by a British welterweight title fight between Gary Corcoran and Johnny Garton. Gorman is hoping to return to the ring once more on the December 22nd card which will be a pay-per-view headliner featuring Josh Warrington defending their IBF featherweight title against Carl Frampton.
”We are still waiting for my opponent to be confirmed for Saturday. The fight on the 22nd of December will be my biggest test to date in my career. Hopefully that fight will be for another belt. If not, it will be a defence of my WBC silver belt and hopefully trying break into the top 20 in the rankings.”
Gorman will be heading up to Essex on Thursday ready for the press conference and media obligations, in the meantime they are currently winding down in the gym ticking over with their trainer Ricky Hatton who they credit a lot for not just as a trainer, but a friend.
”I'm just training to keep everything loose, all the hard work is done now and I am just going to chill out really, get everything back. I met Ricky through my manager Mick Carney, who asked me if I would like to do a pad session with Ricky, and of course I jumped at it. When I first met them I was star struck, they are one of my idols,” revealed Gorman.
Despite having a fight coming up this weekend, Gorman already envisions the future and where their career will eventually end up. 2019 is going to be a big year for them and although he's looking to break into the top 20 in the world next year, the fight they want is with a long-time rival from the amateurs and a fellow heavyweight who is under the same promotional stable as himself.
”The fight I want is Daniel Dubios, that's the fight I want,” stated Gorman. ”Hopefully that can be made next year, but overall just keep winning and learning and get more title under me. I would love to fight in America, I did a bit of travelling before as an amateur,”
Gorman paid close attention to Dubios' last performance, which was a 10-round unanimous decision victory over veteran and former world title challenger Kevin Johnson. It was the first time Dubios had gone the distance as a professional.
”People want to see that fight, and it would be a good fight. They're done what they had to do in their last fight, but Kevin Johnson wasn't doing much in the fight to be honest. The variety in their work, Johnson was seeing it coming and I think that's what it was. I have been wanting to fight Dubios for about a year or so now.”
Gorman and Dubios had trained and sparred together in the GB team before both turning over to the professional game. Gorman had joined the team after just six fights. They had won the youth ABA in Manchester and three nations in Scotland in a short amount of time and was quickly noticed. Gorman and Dubios had spent a lot of time together throughout their amateur runs.
”We probably sparred over 200-rounds together,” Gorman said on training with Dubios. ”We lived in the same flat together, but we were never best of mates, we are two very complete opposite people. We didn't really interact at all, sometimes we were in the same flat, then there were other times where we wouldn't be, it was never a barrel of laughs when we were in the same room. There was always that competitive spirit between us, but we never got on anyway.”
Both Gorman and Dubios have been making impressive statements thus far, and both are promoted by Frank Warren and are fighting under the BT Sport network, however, Gorman believes that although the fight can easily be made, they feel management could be wary of making the fight anytime soon.
”No, I doubt it, but you never know tho in boxing it would make sense because we both have the same promoter. My movement, speed and obviously my power, I would be to fast for him.”
Gorman has been in camp the last few months with former unified champion Tyson Fury, who is currently preparing to challenge Deontay Wilder for the WBC heavyweight title in December. The two have a good relationship, have spent many camps together, sparred many rounds and Gorman believes Fury will return better than ever when they face the American.
I think they will do the same to [Deontay] Wilder what they did to Wladimir [Klitschko]. I reckon they will make them miss and make them pay, from what I've seen, they are looking well, I think they will beat them easy. It's been a good camp.”
When pushed for a prediction on what we can see going forward with their career, Gorman simply said, ”more explosive performances, thanks to everybody who has supported me.”
The subscription for Bharat-22 Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) is in progress. The PSU ETF made its debut on Wednesday as a part of the Narendra Modi government's move to boost its divestment drive.
Compared to its counterpart CPSE ETF which was launched in March 2014, the Bharat-22 Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) is more diversified with blue chips such as ONGC, SBI, IOC, Nalco, BPCL, NTPC and Bank of Baroda as well as SUUTI shares in entities such as ITC, Axis Bank and L&T.
Also read: Bharat 22 ETF vs CPSE ETF: A sneak peek into the two funds
The ETF's expense ratio is 0.0095 percent. A discount of three percent is available for all categories of investors. ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company is the fund manager for the ETF.
Also read: Bharat 22 ETF opens for subscription: Five things to know
"We believe the ETF offers an attractive long-term investment opportunity to partake in the India growth story by way of a diversified blend of companies spreads across several sectors and are available at attractive valuation and a good subscription discount," ICICI Prudential AMC managing director and CEO Nimesh Shah said.
The fund, which is expected to fetch around Rs 8,000 crore for the government, will close for subscription today.
"This is the second fund in the PSU ETF series, after Reliance CPSE ETF, which clocked returns twice as Nifty 50 ETF over last one year. The earlier ETF was more skewed towards three sectors and hence the risk factor was high. The current Bharat 22 index is more diversified one with 22 stocks across six sectors. These reduces risk as well as return potential in comparison to the old one. Out of the six sectors, we hold a positive outlook towards 5 of them and neutral in FMCG and hence it is overall futuristic. Also since sectors including banking and metals has been in doldrums since long time, a long term investor is set to benefit from this proposition. Notwithstanding the recent rally in PSU banks post recapitalisation decision, there is a long way to go," said Jeevan Kumar, Head of Investment Advisory, Geojit Financial Services.
"The fact that the Fund has only 22 stocks spread across various sectors makes the ETF unique because this ETF will thus have the qualities of a focused and yet diversified fund. The expense ratio of the fund is very, very low compared to the expense ratios of normal mutual fund schemes. This combination of good stocks diversified across sectors and low expense ratio makes BHARAT 22 ETF a good product to own. Bharat 22 ETF is recommended by us, " said Mahesh Bhagwat, Vice President - Products and Advisory, Way2Wealth Brokers Pvt. Ltd
However, some experts believe that this fund is not for the common investors. "Ideally, such funds are for more evolved investors. For a common investor it is better to stick to diversified funds. While Bharat 22 is more diversified as compared to CPSE ETF but it is still a thematic fund with PSU focus. And in time like these when markets have run up quite a bit, it would be prudent for investors to stick to diversified funds and invest systematically," says Anil Rego, CEO & Founder, Right Horizons.
"Not more than 10 per cent of your total financial portfolio in one ETF scheme," says Anil Chopra, Group Director, Bajaj Capital. "All in all Bharat 22 is not a very great fund to be excited about and only evolved investors with a long-term exposure can put some partial money in this fund," added Rego.
On Tuesday, the ETF comprising 22 companies received robust response from anchor investors. The issue attracted bids with the portion reserved for them getting subscribed six times to the tune of Rs 12,000 crore on the opening day.
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund-managed Bharat 22 ETFs new fund offer (NFO) has a size of over Rs 8,000 crore.
LIC, Bank of India, SBI Pension Fund, EPFO and HDFC Ergo Insurance among others have put in bids. As much as 25 per cent of total issue size, or Rs 2,000 crore, was reserved for anchor investors who put in bids worth about Rs 12,000 crore, ICICI Prudential MF said. The NFO received subscriptions from across the board including mutual funds, foreign portfolio investors, insurance and retirement funds.
Ballet San Jose adds to its repertoire, and its name
Annali Rose performs in “This Might Be True” from Amy Seiwert as part of the “Bodies in Technology” program from Ballet San Jose, which despite all the sensory input, kept the dancing the center of attention. less Annali Rose performs in “This Might Be True” from Amy Seiwert as part of the “Bodies in Technology” program from Ballet San Jose, which despite all the sensory input, kept the dancing the center of ... more Photo: Alejandro Gomez / Alejandro Gomez Photo: Alejandro Gomez / Alejandro Gomez Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Ballet San Jose adds to its repertoire, and its name 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Its coffers abundantly filled after its emergency campaign, Ballet San Jose Silicon Valley (which is what the company is calling itself this month) set about replenishing its repertoire during the weekend with new and grittily contemporary premieres by Amy Seiwert and Yuri Zhukov. Not a tutu was in evidence Saturday evening at the refurbished California Theatre, a more intimate (1,100 seats) venue than the company's customary home and the right spot for what Artistic Director José Manuel Carreño was purveying.
“Bodies of Technology” was what they called the program, which was something of a misnomer. True, projections and electronically altered sound scores were the order of the evening. But, with the exception of the revival of Jessica Lang's “Eighty-One,” nowhere did the dance express anything like ambiguity about technology in theater. Still, it was impossible to imagine the San Jose Ballet of a decade ago producing a program like this. The company's 33 dancers fell into the spirit, whether romantic, robotic or kinky.
The most gratifying surprise was, that, despite all the sensory input, the dancing remained the center of attention. In their “This Might Be True,” Seiwert again partnered with media designer Frieder Weiss, but this is a much richer collaboration than the earlier effort. Set to music by Nils Frahm and Anne Müller, the piece finds the 10 dancers, individually and collectively, interacting with Weiss' bluish projections.
A wafted arm induces ripples and moving straight lines. A couple contorted in a duet brings what looks like heat-sinking vibrations. Lifts generate what look like vapor trails.
Seiwert's neoclassical vocabulary is seen here at its most elegant and economical. They have some fun, too, with floor work and sudden unisons. The playful quality is endearing, and the dancers, all in white, performed in that spirit.
Seiwert is so prolific they tend to be taken for granted. Conversely, it is hard to understand why Zhukov possesses their cheering section, unless they all admire their brazenness. The protracted “User's Manual” looked like the bastard offspring of Jirí Kylián and William Forsythe with a few original touches. In a way, it was rather fun to tick off all the overused devices as they flew by.
First, there's the all-in white woman (Countess Almaviva? the Marschallin?), who poses, departs and never reappears. Then there's the woman (Ommi Pipit-Suksun) who emerges from the clutches of three men. She, like the women who follow, sports one of those red wigs favored by Sylvie Guillem. Kendall Teague in flesh-hued bodysuit tussles in a long duet with Pipit-Suksun whose pointe work is fearless.
At the end, the entire 16-member cast seizes the stage for an ensemble full of undulant action and short of direction. The countdown clock isn't original, either (remember Merce Cunningham's “Ocean”?) Meanwhile, a narrator reads the manual on operating a printer, we get films of machinery and the commissioned score by The Living Earth Show tinkles pleasantly. David Sziasa takes responsibility for projections and scenic design.
“Eighty-One” is the one with composer Jakub Ciupinski up high in their DJ perch creating the score, while the 11 dancers, through unisons and isolations, suggest the dehumanization of technology. Jim French's lighting was a major asset.
The evening's only misfire was the embarrassing “Grand Défilé” that opened the program. The 110 ballet school students and trainees who participated in this pageant, choreographed by Dalia Rawson, lack the technical mastery to flaunt their prowess. Try it all again in five years.
Allan Ulrich is The San Francisco Chronicle's dance correspondent.
Ballet San Jose Silicon Valley: Dances by Seiwert, Zhukov and Lang. Sunday, March 29, 1:30 pm, California Theater 345 South First Street, San Jose. $25-$110.(408) 288-2820; www.balletsj.org
The Redskins have cut defensive linemen Barry Cofield and Stephen Bowen, and they add to a growing list of interesting players now available on the free agent market.
UPDATE: Add former Cardinals DT Darnell Dockett to that list.
The Seahawks have mined the defensive tackle/defensive end free agent group pretty frequently over the years, probably more often than almost any other position group, and guys like Michael Bennett, Alan Branch, Tony McDaniel, Kevin Williams, Landen Cohen, Raheem Brock, Tony Hargrove, and Jason Jones come to mind. It seems likely to me that Seattle will be active in free agency at this position -- whether it's a bigger-name and bigger-money target or a secondary free agent on the latter legs of their career. Regardless, there's some very interesting names out there right now.
Older free agents closer to the low-end of the pay spectrum include Barry Cofield, Henry Melton, Chris Canty, Kendall Langford, B.J. Raji, and of course, Kevin Williams. All of these options would be interesting to me as veteran types looking to fill a role in a rotation.
Some younger, high-end options include Stephen Paea, Nick Fairley, Pot-roast Knighten, Dan Williams, C.J. Mosley, and Jared Odrick. Guys like Kenrick Ellis, Ahtyba Rubin, and Tyson Alualu might be interesting to the Seahawks.
Paea in particular seems like he'd be a great fit as a guy that's very disruptive as a pass rusher but can also hold it down in run defense. Fairly is an injury risk but also has a lot of talent. Pot-roast is a Mebane type of player, as is Dan Williams. There are some intriguing players out there and it almost seems like the market for this position may be slightly flooded, especially with the Draft still a few months away.
Photography Credit: Elise Bauer
One of the finest dishes ever to come out of The Silver Palate Cookbook, Chicken Marbella is chicken first marinated in oil, vinegar, capers, olives, prunes, and herbs, then baked with added brown sugar and white wine.
Prunes are the distinctive ingredient in this famous dish. They're actually used often in classical French cooking, and the Silver Palate recipe borrows heavily from the French traditional lapin aux pruneaux.
While prunes and capers might seem like an odd combination, when cooked together with chicken they create a delectable sweet and sour, savory flavor. Chicken Marbella is a great dish for entertaining, not only is it easy to put together without a lot of hands on cooking time, but it's also a real crowd pleaser.
The original recipe calls for the chicken pieces to be marinated all night. We found that marinating for 2-3 hours worked fine.
From the recipe archive, first posted 2005.
01 - Dimmat - Small Mountain (69 BPM)
02 - Ekaologik - Lake Travel (73 BPM)
03 - Deep In Mind - Nymphaea Alba (100 BPM)
04 - Alba - Arising And Passing Away (100 BPM)
05 - Scuba vs Yechidah - Beyond The Illusion Of Life (140 BPM)
06 - Menkalian - Tibetan Prayer (90 BPM)
07 - InnerSelf - Life Is Only A Dream (100 BPM)
08 - Spectrum Vision - Cutscape (90 BPM)
09 - Uth - Signals To Paradise (Chill Out Mix) (70 BPM)
10 - Osmose - If The Sky (133 BPM)
Since the highly acclaimed Turlitava compilation was released in September 2011, Darko Kolevski, AKA Anub1s, has worked very hard to create a worthy sequel. Now in 2013, Neogoa and Anub1s are again pushing the boundaries to give you a unique journey into the spheres of ambient and psychedelic chill out music. Turlitava 2 as a whole presents a diversity of styles that will guide you through different soundscapes and moods, with each track rewarding the listener with clear and vivid storytelling. Mastering by Stryder at Beavernest Atop Studios with artwork by iPsy at Neogoa Design.
MP3 Download | FLAC Download | WAV Download · Download count: 7,579.
Released under a Creative Commons licence for noncommercial usage.
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser. Be sure to activate Flash in your browser; it is usually disabled by default in Chrome and other modern browsers.
We've been following the work of this guest for many years — from their Amy + Jordan strips in Raw magazine and their subsequent Pantheon collections, through their collaboration with Alan Moore and their Liquid Television series for MTV.
He's been quiet in recent years, working on paintings in the deserts of New Mexico. But he's recently moved to Philadelphia, and he's hungry to tell stories again, with a serialized strip appearing in ArtBlog, a forthcoming reprint of their definitive graphic novel Agony, and, we think and hope, a new collaboration with Locust Moon.
So, for the very first time at any comic convention anywhere, joining us as an exhibitor with brand-new zines and screenprints, and as a guest on our underground comics panel, please welcome cartoonist, illustrator, and outsider artist Mark Beyer.
LOCUST MOON COMICS FESTIVAL 2015
Saturday, October 31 – Halloween!
11 am – 6 pm
@ The Rotunda
4014 Walnut Street
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104
Website – Facebook – Event Page – Twitter
Coming up at some point in the next couple months, Phillies general manager Matt Klentak is going to have to make a decision about first base.
Rhys Hoskins just will not stop tearing up AAA pitching, batting .333/.432/.686 with a OPS of 1.118 that is far and away the best in the International League. The next closest player's OPS is .948, by the way. The 24-year-old has 13 homers, 37 RBIs, 11 doubles and 2 triples, and shows the kind of plate discipline that a rare few in the organization possess.
But he's not coming to the Majors anytime soon, and that's because Tommy Joseph is batting .255/.316/.467 with 7 home runs and 22 RBIs, coming off a season in which they blasted 21 dingers in just 347 plate appearances. And those numbers don't tell the whole story.
After a brutal month of April, Joseph has been one of baseball's hottest hitters in May, hitting .329/.400/.671 with a 1.071 OPS, 6 home runs and 15 RBIs. Joseph is just 25 years old, one year older than Hoskins, so you can understand why the team isn't about to just dump Joseph by the side of the road.
At some point, though, the Phillies are going to have to make a decision. There is no DH in the National League, neither of these guys can play a different position, and it's clear Hoskins is Major League-ready. Klentak must decide which of these two players they want to keep and which they want to move.
If the Phils decide it is Joseph they want to put on the trade block, getting them to a new destination will not be easy. While they are cheap (he won't be arbitration eligible until 2020) and is under team control for a long time (until 2023), Joseph's overall numbers are decent, but not drool-worthy. Also, many teams have prospects in the minors that could play first base and may not need someone from the outside.
However, for one of the few teams not in included in that group, Joseph could be an interesting player for a team looking for a potential long-term answer at first base.
Of course, Joseph will need to continue to play in June and July the way they have in May. If they slump, the trade market will dry up in a hurry. But, if they do maintain this current track, or something close to it, there are a few potential contenders who could look to upgrade at that position this July.
Albert Pujols is the DH, so they aren't going anywhere, even though the Angels would love to be out from under that monstrosity of a contract. But the man currently manning first base is Luis Valbuena, who is batting .167/.286/.258 this season, with a wRC+ of 60. C.J. Cron was just sent down to AAA and, at 27, doesn't appear to be the team's long-term answer at the position. While the Angels are just 25-25, they are a mere two games out of the wild card, and you know they would love to get Mike Trout back to the postseason as soon as possible.
The big key will be getting something useful back from L.A. The Phils aren't going to give Joseph away. Would they be willing to take a chance on a pitcher like Tyler Skaggs, a left-handed starter currently out 8-10 weeks with a strained oblique? Would the Angels give them up, even as part of a package? Although a deal might be hard to cobble together, given the Angels' terrible farm system, they do seem to have the biggest need at this position.
The Astros may not need this upgrade, as they are currently running away from the rest of the AL West and have an offense that has scored the 7th-most runs in the Majors this year. But they haven't gotten much production from Yulieski Gurriel, the young Cuban they signed to a five-year, $47.5 million contract this off-season. Gurriel has a wOBA of just .305, a wRC+ of 93, and an fWAR of 0.0 that ranks 24th out of 26 qualified MLB first basemen. And their designated hitter, Carlos Beltran, appears to be fading quickly.  They are batting .234/.278/.373 in 169 PAs, with a -0.5 fWAR that is worst among qualified DHs.
If Houston wanted to make a small improvement, Joseph could be someone worth targeting at either one of those spots, although DH is more likely, given the financial commitment to Gurriel.
The Indians are the defending AL champs and, when all is said and done, will probably win the AL Central. However, they are just 24-21 and currently trail the Minnesota Twins by two games in the division. Carlos Santana, who is in the final year of their deal and whose 0.3 fWAR is tied for 19th-best among qualified first basemen, is hitting .230/.332/.410 this season with five homers and a wRC+ of 102, which is barely above league average.
If the Indians want a long-term solution to that position, Joseph would be a cheap alternative. Hey, the price is certainly right for that small-market team.
Minnesota Twins
Are the Twins going to be buyers? They usually aren't, and it's hard to say if they're still going to be in the mix by the time July rolls around. But they might be interested in a player like Joseph, who as we've said before, is going to be paid peanuts for the next few seasons.
Joe Mauer has held the position for a looooong time, and he's having a typical Mauer season, batting .266/.338/.367 with an fWAR of 0.2 that is 22nd out of 26 qualified first basemen. However, Mauer has just one year left on their deal and, after 2018, the team will be free of him. They might like Joseph for the next couple years, as their top first base prospect, Lewin Diaz, is still a few years away.
New York is fine at DH with Matt Holliday, but the first base situation is in a bit of flux. The team expected spring training stud Greg Bird to be the long-term solution at first base, but he's missed most of this season with a variety of injuries, and hasn't played consistently since 2015. Taking their place right now is Chris Carter, perhaps the worst 40-HR hitter in baseball history. He's batting a scant .209/.305/.385 with just 4 dingers in 91 ABs this year, and if Joseph keeps performing, and Bird doesn't get themselves well, perhaps the revitalized Bronx Bombers could dump Carter and add Joseph to the mix.
A red-hot last few weeks by Texas have them back at .500, fighting with the Angels for second place in the division. And at this early stage of the season, they are also just two games out of the wild card spot, but have a huge black hole at first base.
Yes, they signed free agent Mike Napoli to a one-year deal with a team option for 2018, but it's one they're unlikely to pick up based on their MLB-worst -0.4 fWAR among first basemen and .193/.261/.422 slash line. Sure, they have 11 home runs, but with a wOBA of .285 and a wRC+ of 72, it's clear he's not getting the job done.
Joseph could be a cheap, long-term solution for Texas, but the team might already have one of those in-house. They could move Joey Gallo to first when Adrian Beltre is ready to return from the DL, too, and have some other options as well. This is not the most likely landing spot, to be sure.
The Braves' first few moves of the 2016-17 offseason — and, in particular, the acquisitions of both Bartolo Colon and R.A. Dickey — appeared to raise the floor for an Atlanta club team designed to survive, if not necessarily thrive in, 2017. The club's most recent move might not help raise that floor any higher. What it could do, however, is heighten the team's ceiling — and, at the very least, provide the club with an interesting trade chip for the July trade deadline.
Earlier tonight, the Braves traded three prospects to the St. Louis Cardinals in exchange for Jaime Garcia, who enters the final season of an extension signed back in 2011.
Here's the trade in full.
Braves Receive:
Jaime Garcia
Cardinals Receive:
When healthy, Garcia has been an effective pitcher. Over the course of their career, he's produced a better-than-average FIP and ERA (both 8% lower than league average). Staying on the mound for any length of time has been the issue for Garcia, however. After recording 194 innings in 2011 — and earning a four-year contract extension (with two options) along the way — Garcia struggled to stay healthy. They managed only 220 innings over the next three seasons combined and began 2015 on the disabled list. Their numbers were never particularly bad during that span — and were, in some cases, quite good. After thoracic outlet surgery in the middle of 2014, however, their career appeared to be in some jeopardy.
Garcia came back unexpectedly in late May of 2015 and pitched like an ace for the Cardinals, producing a 2.43 ERA, 3.00 FIP and 2.8 WAR over just 129 innings. That run of success continued into 2016, after the Cardinals decided to pick up the first of Garcia's two options. From May 21, 2015 (when they made their debut for that season) through May 21, 2016, Garcia recorded 180 innings, posting the 11th-best FIP and fifth-best ERA in baseball. That run included one of the best-pitched games of the 2016 season, during which Garcia used their wide array of pitches and nasty movement to shut down the Milwaukee Brewers.
Unfortunately for Garcia and the Cardinals, their run of success took a turn for the worse as the season progressed. The cause wasn't entirely obvious, however: Garcia's fastball didn't lose significant velocity, nor did their strikeout numbers decline substantively.
So what happened? Let's see if we can spot a problem.
So, yes, I think we found the problem. Garcia began giving up more and more home runs, inflating their runs-allowed and FIP numbers. Regarding possible reasons for this trend, there are a few reasonable explanations. Explanations like:
Garcia was maybe hurt; or Garcia was possibly tired; or Garcia had a really bad run of luck.
All three have their merits, but all three have different implications for the wisdom of Atlanta's decision. For example, if Garcia is actually hurt, it's tough to figure how the Braves could expect much from them next season. If they were simply pitching fatigued, it's reasonable to expect something closer to vintage Garcia in 2017. Garcia was pitching more innings than they had in half a decade last year, and the Cardinals probably didn't help matters by pitching them on short rest for a start in August. Finally, if Garcia was just experiencing a run of bad luck — again, the Braves can hope for good production.
On a rate basis, the projections see very good things for Garcia, calling for a 3.62 FIP and a 3.54 ERA. Our Depth Charts currently have Garcia receiving 130 innings. That would be good news for Atlanta: even at that relatively low innings total, Garcia's $12 million salary would likely represent a bargain. He's about half a run better than anyone else on the rest of the Braves staff as currently assembled.
As currently assembled, that Atlanta rotation begins with Julio Teheran. If Garcia can pitch, they would serve as an effective No. 2 for the club, with youngster Mike Foltynewicz followed by R.A. Dickey and Bartolo Colon. That's a pretty decent staff — perhaps still in the bottom third of MLB teams, but in the range of respectable. At the very least, it buys the club some time while their other pitching prospects develop. Moreover, if Garcia pans out, they might be worth something on the trade market in July.
As for the cost, the Braves appear to have conceded quantity over quality. The Cardinals' return on the deal isn't going to get anyone excited. John Gant has an unusual delivery, and produced a not-terrible debut for the Braves last season, making seven starts and 13 relief appearances for a 4.39 FIP and 4.86 ERA. Chris Ellis was basically one rung down on the development ladder from Gant, spending half the season in Double-A and half in the Triple-A. They performed reasonably well at the former level, thanks to a very low home-run rate, but struggled to avoid free passes all season and suffered the consequences against more advanced competition in Triple-A. Luke Dysktra, for their part, offers good contact skills, striking out in fewer than 10% of their plate appearances throughout the minors. They don't walk or hit for power, though. And they just turned 21. And he's only just completed a season in short-season A-ball.
All told, they Cardinals have received three middling prospects for Garcia. Getting one or two to the majors — contributing in even just a minor role — would constitute a success. But they don't get anything resembling a sure thing or high upside. The market for pitching is sparse, but a pitcher with a poor year and major injury history wasn't going to net top prospects, regardless of market. Rather, the significance of the trade for them is the clear signal it sends to top prospect Alex Reyes and their role for 2017. While the Cardinals still have five veterans — Mike Leake, Lance Lynn, Carlos Martinez, Michael Wacha and Adam Wainwright — who are all theoretically ahead of Reyes in the rotation, it's tough to see (a) all five of them staying healthy for Opening Day and (b) Reyes failing to bypass Michael Wacha, who struggled to finish 2016 and has a chronic scapular condition (Brandon McCarthy has a similar one) that will make it difficult to rely on for innings.
Moving Garcia seemed inevitable for the Cardinals, either now or in the spring. In the Braves, they found a team hoping to get something from Garcia's upside, whether on the mound or (at midseason) in a trade. If Garcia pitches well, the Braves are likely to get a better haul of prospects than the one they just conceded. If they pitch poorly, the Braves didn't give up a ton, aren't spending a lot, and shouldn't be counting on contending for 2017 anyway. For both teams, this trade is about space. The Braves are providing some for their pitching prospects so they aren't thrown into the fire before they are ready, while the Cardinals are creating some so that their best prospect can make an impact from the start of next season.
A Constitutional Amendment for Education Wars, Part 2
by Tom Yamachika, President, Tax Foundation Hawaii
Last week, we spoke of a bill in the legislature which, if passed by the legislature and approved by the voters in the 2018 general election, would authorize a substantial surcharge on real property to fund education.
Proponents of the bill will be strongly arguing to the Legislature to let the bill pass and let the voters decide its fate. Politicians can be strongly tempted by that argument. After all, if the amendment garners a majority vote of the people, then the politicians can't be blamed for it, right?
Before that happens, we as voters need to be clear on exactly what we are voting for.
Now, two bills are moving through the legislature on this subject. One is the constitutional amendment, and the other is the implementing law. The law can be passed, but cannot become effective, without the constitutional amendment. The two bills are presented to legislators as a “package deal.” But only the constitutional amendment will be presented to the voters. According to the current version of SB 683, the voters will be asked, “Shall the legislature be authorized to establish, as provided by law, a surcharge on residential investment property and visitor accommodations to fund a public education for all of Hawaii's children?"
Let's look at the question carefully. The voters are asked to give power to the Legislature to impose real property tax to fund education. The voters are not going to be asked to approve the details.
The current version of SB 686, the implementing legislation, would if approved impose a surcharge of $7.50 per $1,000 of property value on “residential investment” properties that are valued at $2 million or more. But wait. If the constitutional amendment is approved, there is no reason why legislators can't change the implementing legislation. It could be the year the amendment is approved, or the next year, or the year after that. They can change it to impose the surcharge on all “residential investment” property regardless of value. They can change the surcharge rate. They can play with the definition of “residential investment” property, because the constitutional amendment bill doesn't tell us what that kind of property is. They can do all of these things because the constitutional amendment has given the legislature this power.
In other words, once the amendment passes, the genie is out of the bottle.
We need to ask ourselves if we want to or need to give the genie that much power. If we do, then we only have ourselves to blame for what happens when the genie does come out. If we don't, then we should either kill the constitutional amendment or write strict limits into it.
Think of it this way. The constitutional amendment is the expression of what We the People are allowing our government to do to us. If we trust our legislature to exercise absolute power responsibly, then it may be okay to give the legislature absolute power. But if we don't, we need to understand that it's much easier to not let the genie out of the bottle, than it is to try stuffing the genie back into the bottle once it's out.
---30---
Related: A Constitutional Amendment for Education Wars, Part 1
Posted October 10, 2014 at 4:22 am
"Dan, did you write 'Nanase's clothes become oversized after growing' before figuring out why that would happen?"
It's entirely 100% possible that's what happened.
"So you basically just had 'put technobabble here' written in the script for a while."
That would be correct, yes. Just like the professionals on Star Trek: The Next Generation!
And you've got to hand it to me, it does make sense. Humans are mostly water, which is incompressible, and are all sorts of complicated and weird. Clothing is fabric with all this open space and junk. I mean, yes, magic, but the less bending of reality magic has to do, the easier it's bound to be, right?
"Okay, yes, it's decent logic, but what if you hadn't thought of that by the time you got to this comic?"
Then I'd say a wizard did it.
"..."
Researchers at the University of Bristol used computer simulations to model how planets form in binary star systems, like the fictional Star Wars planet Tatooine.
The image of two suns high in the sky over Tatooine, baking the desert planet and home of Luke Skywalker, is a familiar one for Star Wars fans. Planets orbiting binary stars, called circumbinary planets, are not just fancies of science fiction. Real circumbinary planets exist, like Kepler-34(AB)b, a Saturn-sized gas giant discovered in 2012 by NASA's Kepler mission. Around a single star, planets form from the coalescing of gas, dust and rocks held in orbit by the star's gravity. In the case of a binary star system, the interacting gravity of the two stars is believed to make planet formation unlikely, due to destructive collisions. Research published this week in Astrophysical Journal Letters offers a possible explanation for circumbinary planets. Using computer simulations, a team of researchers at the University of Bristol has concluded that circumbinary planets form away from the binary stars, and then migrate into orbit.
Dr. Zoe Leinhardt, computational astrophysicist at Bristol's School of Physics, says, "Our simulations show that the circumbinary disk is a hostile environment even for large, gravitationally strong objects. Taking into account data on collisions as well as the physical growth rate of planets, we found that Kepler 34(AB)b would have struggled to grow where we find it now." Dr. Leinhardt and their colleagues used computer simulations to model the effects of gravity and physical collisions of planet-forming matter around binary stars. The models, based on Kepler-34(AB)b, led the researchers to conclude that the circumbinary planet did not form around the stars, and instead moved there later.
The lead author of the study, Stefan Lines, says, "Circumbinary planets have captured the imagination of many science-fiction writers and film-makers - our research shows just how remarkable such planets are. Understanding more about where they form will assist future exoplanet discovery missions in the hunt for earth-like planets in binary star systems." As much as it gets compared to Tattooine, it's unlikely that Kepler-34(AB)b is home to any moisture farmers, since the small gas giant has an estimated surface gravity almost one hundred times that of Earth.
Source: University of Bristol via Forbes.
BROOKLYN — Midtown electronics and photography hub B&H Photo will shut down its Bushwick and Navy Yard warehouses, opting to consolidate operations at one massive warehouse in New Jersey, marking the end 17 years of work in the borough, the company said.
The move, announced Thursday and slated to take place in the second half of 2017, has blindsided union representatives, who were still in the process of negotiating a contract for roughly 300 B+H warehouse employees, they said.
In total, New York city will lose 335 jobs spread between the two locations.
Company executives said they'd tried for several years to find another location in New York City, but blamed their inability to do so on its hot real estate market.
"Large warehouses are not available on the market in NYC due to the booming real estate industry here," wrote Menashe Horowitz, a top executive at B&H, in a memo sent to all employees on Jan. 12 obtained by DNAinfo New York.
"We worked closely with New York State government leaders to find a new home here in New York, but unfortunately we were unable to find a facility here that came even close to meeting our needs."
The Navy Yard facility will become a movie studio when the company leaves at the end of this year, according to David Ehrenberg, the head of the Brooklyn Navy Yard's Development Corporation.
The company will begin moving operations to Florence Township, N.J. in the second half of 2017, where they've secured a a 500,000-square-foot facility, in B&H officials said.
The main Midtown retail outlet, which includes corporate offices and a store warehouse, will remain open with roughly 1,500 employees, management said.
Current warehouse workers at the Navy Yard and Evergreen Avenue warehouse in Bushwick can join the company in New Jersey if they choose.
B&H first opened in 1973 in TriBeCa and moved to various locations before opening its current 34th Street location in 1997. The company used a warehouse in the basement at the beginning and expanded operations to the Navy Yard in 2000, and in 2013 opened their Bushwick warehouse at 105 Evergreen Ave.
But over the years, reports and lawsuits have raised concerns about conditions for workers inside those warehouses.
B&H was sued for racist and sexist labor practices, discrimination and cited for unsafe work standards.
In October 2015, around 300 warehouse workers voted to unionize.
Union spokesperson Wayne Ranick said United Steelworkers had been in ongoing talks with B+H to hammer out a contract and only learned earlier this week that the rug had been pulled out of those negotiations.
"We had been bargaining in good faith,” they said. “It was totally unexpected."
The mayor's press office didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull announces the reshuffle in Sydney. Credit:Jessica Hromas Why? Because the replacement, David Littleproud, is a moral conservative and a Queenslander. Consider their qualifications for federal cabinet: 18 unremarkable months on the backbench, notable for not much more than voting against same-sex marriage in the House of Representatives where it was their voice that called for a division. Ditto the promotion from obscurity of John McVeigh - another Queensland LNP backbencher who leapfrogs the junior ministry to go straight into cabinet. That Joyce should swing such lead will be seen by most voters for the absurdity it is. This is the man whose flight attendantship of the junior Coalition party has been a liability through 2017, contributing to Turnbull's humiliation over a banking royal commission, and resulting in Joyce's own expulsion from the Parliament. And let's not forget the $40,000 cheque they initially accepted from Gina Rinehart for their brilliance as Agriculture Minister?
Illustration: Matt Golding Chester, on the other hand will be remembered as one of the few Nationals possessed of the courage and the simple 21st century modernism to stand with the Australian mainstream as an outspoken advocate for marriage equality. What do they get for this willingness to line up with the PM no less? The axe. It's a reminder that one should never underestimate this government's capacity to muff the politics, or worse, lurch gratuitously to the right even when the only pressure to do so comes from within. The talking point in federal politics as 2017 winds up has been the extent to which Turnbull's fortunes have improved in the final days as big problems like the dual citizenship fiasco, same-sex marriage and energy policy have been resolved.
Progress on these fronts has shifted the pressure to Labor, which is now struggling with the citizenship backwash threatening a series of ruinous byelections. But where success emboldens some leaders, it seems to have no such effect on Turnbull. After their initial promise in fixing Tony Abbott's unconscionably bloke-heavy bias, Turnbull has elevated just two women this time and one of them, Bridget McKenzie, purely because they are the new Nationals deputy leader. Them portfolio of sport, rural health and regional communications is barely cabinet level. Loading Once again, competent women such as Julia Banks, Nicolle Flint, and Sarah Henderson must wait, having been overlooked in a Coalition that says quotas on gender are anathema, but defends trashing the merit principle on just about any other grounds.
Turnbull called their line-up diverse. Perverse would be more accurate.
As the world spotlight shines on a German courtroom in the trial of the 'Auschwitz bookkeeper' Oskar Groening, hidden in the shadows are the forgotten women who served as guards at Hitler's death camps.
Now, seven decades on and in the twilight of their lives, these former SS guards who ruled the human slaughterhouse Auschwitz with an iron fist will go to their graves having escaped justice.
Of the 3,700 women who served at Nazi death camps, just three were investigated by prosecutors in Germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder.
Scroll down for video
No justice: Charlotte S, left, now 94, was an SS guard in the Nazi death camps Ravensbrück and Auschwitz, according to Stasi records, while Gisela S, is pictured right in their card index of concentration camp guards
Culpable: There were 3,700 women who served in the Nazi death camps during the Second World War - but only three have been investigated by prosecutors in Germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder
And, in a crushing blow to the millions of Jews murdered at Nazi death camps across Europe, they are all deemed too ill or infirm to ever be punished.
Those 'merciless' women who traded femininity, motherhood and marriage to wed themselves to the dark side of Hitler's Third Reich include Charlotte S.
A guard at the notoriously brutal women's concentration camp of Ravensbrueck, in northern Germany, they were remembered by survivors as a feared woman who beat prisoners and unleashed on them their Alsatian dog.
A fanatical Nazi, the dog handler patrolled the camp with their Alsatian they had trained to bite at the inmates' genitals.
They were transferred to Auschwitz where they and their teeth-baring dog were feared by the prisoners kept as slaves and worked in the sweatshop factories around the camp.
One female prisoner after the war testified: 'There was a woman there with a kindly smile that masked a hideous nature. They were ramrod straight and had a snarling dog that was indoctrinated to hate the prisoners.
'We would be forced to stand stock still for hours and if anyone moved in the cold or the heat, the dog was unleashed. Many people did not survive the maulings.'
Brutal: The women patrolling the death camps were just as bad as their male counterparts. Pictured: Female overseers at Bergen-Belsen, having been taken prisoner by the British in April 1945
Tortured: Prisoners look out from behind a barbed wire enclosure at the Dachau concentration camp - where 41,500 died - in Germany in 1945. They and their relatives look likely to never get the justice they deserve
Survivors: French prisoners pictured when the Nazi concentration camp of Dachau, near Munich, was liberated by Allied troops at the end of April 1945. Many of the Nazi guards got away with their crimes by claiming they were just following orders
They began an affair with an SS man while serving at the camp and was discharged from the service in 1943 when they fell pregnant.
After the war, in Saxony-Anhalt, which was behind the iron curtain, the communist authorities tried them for their wartime role and they were sentenced to 15 months in jail for 'mistreatment of and thefts from prisoners in their charge'.
Now 94, they still live in the state and refuses to speak about their terrible past.
Nevertheless, unlike 93-year-old Groening, a former SS sergeant being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder, Charlotte S has been told there is no case for them to answer.
Another to get off scot free is Gisela S, a 'hard-faced' woman who worked in the feared SS under their maiden name of Demming.
They were a harsh disciplinarian who beat prisoners as punishment for petty rule infractions. Gisela was also in charge of the standing cells - small, dark rooms where up to 15 people at a time were crammed into.
It was not uncommon for them to leave prisoners in these rooms for days on end, causing the death of some or all of those confined.
Demming formed a romantic relationship with SS Dr Franz Bernhard Lucas but they abruptly ended it when they criticised the hideous experiments on prisoners carried out by notorious 'Angel of Death' Dr Josef Mengele on inmates.
They were a true believer in the Nazi racial policies that decreed Jews, gypsies and Slavs were 'lesser races' who deserved nothing else.
They appeared at the Auschwitz Trial of former guards and overseers in Frankfurt in the 1960s - but escaped jail. And now prosecutors say they are also too old and frail to be tried in court.
Court: SS Sergeant Oskar Groening, known as 'the bookkeeper of Auschwitz', pictured during the war and today.  They are charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the camp
Groening, pictured, told the court that they are 'morally responsible' for the mass slaughter even though they did not participate personally in any violence
Trial: People like Auschwitz survivor Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, left, from Budapest and their 23-years-old granddaughter Luca Hartai, have traveled from all over the world to witness one of the few prosecutions held
Possibly most frightening of all is Gertrud Elli Senff, who revelled in the power they yielded to play 'God' in choosing who should live and who should be sent to the Auschwitz gas chambers.
Now 92, they were formerly an SS guard at Majdanek in German occupied Lublin, Poland, where an estimated 235,000 people were murdered during WW2.
Prosecutors have traced their SS identity card.
The card, bearing the number 312, has been authenticated, which proves they were there.
It carries the inscription: 'The holder is authorised to bear arms' - meaning they were a pay-grade above ordinary guards usually only sanctioned to carrying a 'schlagstock' - a 'beating stick.'
After service in Majdanek they were sent to Auschwitz, where they were based at Birkenau - the gas chambers complex where 1.1million prisoners were exterminated.
Before the camp fell to the Russians they were shipped back to Germany and escaped justice at the end of the war.
But officials at the Ludwigsburg authority have, it is understood, testimony from several now deceased prisoners that they were a 'cruel' and 'merciless' guard who beat them with leather whips and who was present at the infamous railway ramp where daily 'selections' were made about who should live - and who was to be gassed.
Now wheelchair bound, they were tracked down by the German daily newspaper, Bild.
Them daughter said: ‘We know that my mother had something to do with Auschwitz. We have tried to talk with them about it but their memory doesn't really function any more.'
A recent drive to find the last of the guards before they die of old age has seen posters put up around the country, and 30 arrests made in February of last year.
And prosecutors have still to decide on their case and a handful of others, but few are convinced that justice will be done.
To many, particularly Jews persecuted ruthlessly by the Nazis, this is all a case of 'too little, too late'.
According to historian Andreas Eichmüller, of the 6,500 members of the SS who served in Auschwitz and survived the war, only 29 were convicted in West Germany and reunified Germany, while about 20 were convicted in East Germany.
Efforts were no doubt hampered originally by the judiciary, police and civil service which were, in the post-war years, full of former Nazis.
Vicious: Another was accused of making as many as 15 people stand for days on end in a tiny cell, a punishment which left people dead - but they will never be brought before the court to answer to the law
Getting away with it: Of the 6,500 members of the SS who served in Auschwitz and survived the war, only 29 were convicted in West Germany and reunified Germany, while about 20 were convicted in East Germany
'Unfortunately, very few people who committed the crimes had to pay for them,' said Efraim Zuroff, the Simon Wiesenthal Centre's top Nazi hunter.
They added: 'The passage of time in no way diminishes the crimes.... It's only a shame that this kind of legal reasoning was not applied previously, because it would have led to many, many more cases of people who definitely deserved to be brought to justice.'
Kurt Schrimm, the head of Germany's special prosecutor's office, which is responsible for investigating Nazi era war crimes, who has worked to locate the remaining SS criminals and bringing them to justice 1986.
The vast majority of chains of angry behavior never proceed past the first link. For example, someone in the family will tease or insult another and then stop. Since no one reacts aggressively to the provocation, it lasts only a few seconds. Three- or four-step sequences last less than half a minute and occur even in “normal” families.
But when aversive chains last longer than half a minute, yelling, threatening, or hitting may occur. Sequences like these are frequently observed in dysfunctional families. The longer the chain lasts, the more likely it is that violence will occur.
The last link in an anger chain is often called a “trigger behavior.” These behaviors usually precede and precipitate a violent outburst. Triggers are often verbal or nonverbal behaviors that bring up feelings of abandonment or rejection. The following list offers a representative sample of possible “links” that may be used to build an aversive chain.
Verbal Behaviors
1. Giving advice (“Ask your boss for a raise, you know we need more money.”)
2. Global labeling (“All you women are alike…”)
3. Criticism (“That's not a good parking job, you almost hit that car.”)
4. Blaming (“If it weren't for you, we'd be on easy street right now.”)
5. Abrupt limit setting (“That's it, I've had it.” “Forget it.” “Stop this instant!”)
6. Threatening (“If you don't shut up right now…”)
7. Using expletives (“Dammit!” “Shit!”)
8. Complaining (“My life is empty.” “All I do is work.” “You never help me with the laundry.”)
9. Stonewalling (“There is nothing to talk about.”)
10. Mind reading or assuming (“I know what you're really trying to do: drive me crazy.”)
11. “Innocent” observations (“I notice that the dishes haven't been done for the past two days.”)
12. Teasing (“Those slacks must have shrunk in the wash, you're having a hard time closing that zipper.”)
13. Humiliating statements (“You used to look good, now I'm embarrassed to be seen with you.”)
14. Dismissing comments (“Get out here, I'm tired of looking at your ugly face.”)
15. Put downs (“Is this what you call a grub at the greasy spoon?”)
16. Profanity (“You son of a …”)
17. Sarcasm (“Sure you're going to fix it… we had to call the plumber after you.”)
18. Accusations (“You went out and didn't you?”)
19. Guilt (“You should know better…”)
20. Ultimatums (“This is your last chance: shape up, or I'm leaving.”)
Nonverbal Sounds
1. Groaning (“Oh no, not that again.”)
2. Sighing (“I'm tired of this crap.”)
3. Clucking sound (“Do you have to bring that up right now?”)
4. “Tsk, tsk” (“You've done it again.”)
Voice Quality, Tone, and Volume
1. Whining (trying to irritate)
2. Flatness (suggesting “I'm not here.”)
3. Cold, frosty tone (suggesting “I'm here, but you'll never be able to reach me.”)
4. Throaty, constricted (suggesting controlled fury)
5. Loud, harsh quality (attempting to intimidate)
6. Mocking, contemptuous tone (trying to get your goat)
7. Mumbling under your breath (making them guess what you said)
8. Snickering (demeaning, putting down)
9. Snarling (“Back off!”)
Gestures Using Hands and Arms
1. Pointing a finger (accusation)
2. Shaking a fist (intimidation)
3. “Flipping the bird” (obscenity)
4. Folded arms (“You can't get to me.”)
5. Waving away (dismissal)
6. Chopping motion (cutting off)
Facial Expressions
1. Looking away, looking at the floor (abandonment)
2. Rolling eyes (“Not that again.”)
3. Narrowing eyes (threatening)
4. Eyes wide (incredulous disbelief)
5. Grimacing (“I don't like that.”)
6. Sneering (disparaging)
7. Frowning (disapproving)
8. Tightening lips (suppressed anger)
9. Raising an eyebrow (“Watch it, buster.”)
10. Scowling (annoyance)
Body Movements
1. Shaking head (“No, no, no!”)
2. Shrugging shoulders (“I give up.”)
3. Tapping a foot or a finger (annoyance)
4. Moving or leaning toward (intimidating)
5. Moving or turning away (abandonment)
6. Hands on hips (exasperation)
7. Quick movements or pacing (increased agitation)
8. Kicking or throwing objects (anger getting out of control)
9. Pushing or grabbing (angry physical contact)
From the book, “When Anger Hurts: Quieting the Storm Within” by Mathew McKay, Ph.D., Peter D. Rogers, Ph.D., Judith McKay, R.N. Reprinted here with permission.
Anger Trigger Behaviors
This guy talks about curly beards. But then as I went to post this I found the ultimate answer to your question on yahoo answers thank J.R.W. for this easy way to understand:Body hair, as in all hair that doesn't grow on our scalps, isn't the same as scalp hair.All over our body are hair follicles. The shape of the hair follicle and the “bulb” at the bottom of the follicle determine the shape of the hair growing out of the follicle. Straight hair follicle + round bulb = straight hair. Make sense? The follicles in the beard area are really sensitive to androgens, which are the sex hormones that are made during and after puberty. Androgens make these hair follicles twist, as well as makes their bulbs kink. ---------->>>Twisted hair follicle + kinked bulb = Curly hair. <<
The Proportionate Javascript Library
What it does
Convenience methods for dealing with proportions (a part, share, or number considered in comparative relation to a whole).
Specifically it allows you to select something from an array indexed proportionate to a number within an arbitrary range.
Useful when you need to select from a small list of things given a broad range of options.
How it does it
It takes the form:
proportionate(sampleArray, valueInRange, [rangeMax(orMin), [rangeMax]]) => sample
It uses the formula:
index = max(sampleSize, min(0, sampleSize * round((part - rangeMin) / (rangeMax - rangeMin)) - 1))
SampleArray and valueInRange are required arguments. SampleArray must be an array. RangeMin and rangeMax default to 0 and 99, respectively. If you specify one range argument, it's 0..rangeMax, but if you specify both, it's rangeMin..rangeMax.
Expected output
Given the sampleArray: [1, 2, 3]
And the (default) range: 0, 99
Or in functional notation:
[0..99].map(x -> proportionate([1, 2, 3], x))
The expected truth table would be:
Input Output 0-32 1 33-65 2 66-99 3
Variation: Clamped Proportionate
What it does
Clamped proportionate has the exact same interface, but only returns the extreme values when the input is equal to the extreme of the range.
How it does it
It uses the formula:
index = actual <= 0 ? 0 : actual >= max ? sampleSize - 1 : max(sampleSize, min(1, sampleSize * round((valueInRange - rangeMin) / (rangeMax - rangeMin)) - 2))
Expected output
Given the sampleArray: [1, 2, 3]
And the (default) range: 0, 99
Or in functional notation:
[0..99].map(x -> proportionate([1, 2, 3], x))
The expected truth table would be:
Input Output 0 1 1-98 2 99 3
Why do I need it?
It's shorthand for the following rather unreadable code, seen many times in the wild:
array[Math.max(array.length, Math.min(0, array.length * Math.round((actual - min) / (max - min)) - 1))]
It replaces it with:
proportionate(array, actual, min, max)
Or, assuming a min of 0:
proportionate(array, actual, max)
Or, assuming a range of 0..99:
proportionate(array, actual)
Or, when using the Array.prototype option:
array.proportionate(actual, min, max) array.proportionate(actual, max) array.proportionate(actual)
Installation
npm install --save proportionate
Example Usage
As a module:
var proportionate = require ( " proportionate " ) ; var weightRanks = [ " fly " , " light " , " medium " , " heavy " , " super-heavy " ] ; proportionate ( weightRanks , 10 ) ; proportionate ( weightRanks , 25 ) ; proportionate ( weightRanks , 45 ) ; proportionate ( weightRanks , 65 ) ; proportionate ( weightRanks , 85 ) ; proportionate ( weightRanks , 50 , 500 ) ; proportionate ( weightRanks , 150 , 500 ) ; proportionate ( weightRanks , 250 , 500 ) ; proportionate ( weightRanks , 350 , 500 ) ; proportionate ( weightRanks , 450 , 500 ) ; proportionate ( weightRanks , 90 , 80 , 350 ) ; proportionate ( weightRanks , 180 , 80 , 350 ) ; proportionate ( weightRanks , 240 , 80 , 350 ) ; proportionate ( weightRanks , 290 , 80 , 350 ) ; proportionate ( weightRanks , 330 , 80 , 350 ) ;
As a prototype on Array:
require ( " proportionate/arrays " ) ; require ( " proportionate " ) . arrays ( ) ; var weightRanks = [ " fly " , " light " , " medium " , " heavy " , " super-heavy " ] ; weightRanks . proportionate ( 10 ) ; weightRanks . proportionate ( 25 ) ; weightRanks . proportionate ( 45 ) ; weightRanks . proportionate ( 65 ) ; weightRanks . proportionate ( 85 ) ; weightRanks . proportionate ( 50 , 500 ) ; weightRanks . proportionate ( 150 , 500 ) ; weightRanks . proportionate ( 250 , 500 ) ; weightRanks . proportionate ( 350 , 500 ) ; weightRanks . proportionate ( 450 , 500 ) ; weightRanks . proportionate ( 90 , 80 , 350 ) ; weightRanks . proportionate ( 180 , 80 , 350 ) ; weightRanks . proportionate ( 240 , 80 , 350 ) ; weightRanks . proportionate ( 290 , 80 , 350 ) ; weightRanks . proportionate ( 330 , 80 , 350 ) ;
Clamped variation
As a module:
var proportionate = require ( " proportionate/clamped " ) ; var tankFullness = [ " empty " , " almost empty " , " half-full " , " mostly full " , " completely full " ] ; tankFullness . proportionate ( 0 ) ; tankFullness . proportionate ( 1 ) ; tankFullness . proportionate ( 45 ) ; tankFullness . proportionate ( 98 ) ; tankFullness . proportionate ( 99 ) ;
As a prototype on Array:
require ( " proportionate/clamped/arrays " ) ; require ( " proportionate/clamped " ) . arrays ( ) ; var tankFullness = [ " empty " , " almost empty " , " half-full " , " mostly full " , " completely full " ] ; tankFullness . proportionate ( 0 ) ; tankFullness . proportionate ( 1 ) ; tankFullness . proportionate ( 45 ) ; tankFullness . proportionate ( 98 ) ; tankFullness . proportionate ( 99 ) ;
Pull requests are welcome, please file any bugs on https://github.com/tsavo/proportionate-js
L.A. is a city full of transplants. Every Thanksgiving, a few packs their bags and head back to the Midwest for turkey dinner at grandma's house. Locals hunker down, save the dog sitter expense, and drink an exorbitant amount of cheap booze with their takeout. Football is how Angelenos give thanks — that, and occasionally a food drive at the L.A. Food Bank.
For many, Thanksgiving in L.A. is just another excuse to get drunk after eating a supermarket turkey. Usually a bar within walking distance will do. After all, DUI crackdowns are expected, and Uber's surge prices are becoming a bit much.
Then again, it's Thanksgiving, and some of the town's best watering holes will be closed; yes, even bartenders have families.
Continue Reading
But not to worry. We found the local bars that are actually open for business!
Better yet: A few of the bartenders are doing something special to make sure Thanksgiving isn't just another lonely slosh fest. Here's a list of places to get a stiff drink on Thursday, Nov. 26, without the in-laws getting in the way.
Johnny's Photo by Timothy Norris
10. Johnny's Bar - Highland Park
Here's something to be thankful for: The hipsterfication of Highland Park has yet to infect Johnny's, York Boulevard's last remaining dive bar and one of the best neighborhood watering holes in the entire city. Johnny's proudly keeps its doors open seven days a week, 365 days a year, and Thanksgiving will be no different. They're even buying a turkey and some holiday trimmings to show their appreciation for their regulars, who might just organize an impromptu ping-pong tournament to see who gets the drumsticks.
5006 York Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90042. (323) 982-0775. Open from 2 p.m. - 2 a.m.
Tonga Hut Photo by Lina Lecaro
9. Tonga Hut - North Hollywood
L.A.'s oldest tiki bar (and probably the best bar in NoHo) looks like the living room from The Flinstones meets Ricky Ricardo's Club Babalu. Which means they've got a bodacious jukebox and trippy surf party, B-movie drink names like the Old Skool Zombie and Voodoo Juice. Try something with rum in it.
12808 Victory Blvd., North Hollywood, CA 91606. (818) 769-0708. Open from 8 p.m. - 2 a.m.
8. The Roost - Atwater Village
If you need to tie one on before you can face down your racist relatives and an overcooked turkey, Atwater's best dive bar has you covered. They're offering up a special Noon to 7 p.m. happy hour, with $5 well drinks and $3.50 domestic drafts. Just be sure to Uber it over to grandma's house afterwards, OK? No matter how much of the Roost's free popcorn you wolf down, it still might not be enough to soak up what they promise are "the stiffest pours in town."
3100 Los Feliz Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90039. (323) 664-7272. Open Noon to 2 a.m.
Taix Photo by Kai Flanders
7. Taix 321 Lounge - Echo Park
Taix French Restaurant is expecting to be busy on Thanksgiving, but if you missed out on making reservations, not to worry — they'll be serving a $36.95 prix fixe menu in the 321 Lounge, which has open seating. Check out their special Thanksgiving menu for the lowdown on dinner. Whether you're looking for turkey, prime rib or just a stiff drink (dirty martinis, especially), get there early, because the lounge closes at 8 p.m.
1911 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA 90026. (213) 484-1265. Open from 12 p.m. - 8 p.m.
Beelman's Pub Courtesy of Beelman's Pub
6. Beelman's Pub - Downtown L.A.
Located in the heart of downtown L.A., Beelman's is an English-style gastropub known for its ridiculously good burgers, brick-walled patio and affordable prices. In other words, it's a refreshing antidote to all those painfully hip mixology joints popping up on every corner of DTLA. They don't celebrate Thanksgiving in England and they won't be celebrating it here, either — but if you need some approximation of the holiday, they do make a great turkey club sandwich.
600 S. Spring St. Los Angeles, CA 90014. (213) 622-1022. Open from 4 p.m. - 2 a.m.
The Daily Pint Photo by Colin Young-Wolff
5. The Daily Pint - Santa Monica
Don't let its divey exterior fool you: This neighborhood favorite, tucked away in a non-descript row of shops near Santa Monica College, has one of the best selections of beer (100 in bottles, 33 on tap) and whiskey (over 300) of any bar in town. They're especially famous for their bewildering array of single malt Scotches, which they claim is the biggest west of the Mississippi. After a wee dram or three of the nectar of the Highlands, you can make some new friends over pool or shuffleboard.
2310 Pico Blvd., Santa Monica, CA 90405. (310) 450-7631. Open from 7 p.m. - 2 a.m.
Prince o' Whales Courtesy of Prince o' Whales
4. Prince o' Whales - Playa Del Rey
L.A.'s self-proclaimed oldest sports bar (in operation since the '50s) stays open 365 days a year, including Turkey Day. They'll be offering a "potluck"-style dinner for the regulars, as well as a pretty great daytime special (before 3 p.m.) for anyone who wants to get pleasantly buzzed while watching the early football game: a cheeseburger and two domestic draft beers for under $10. And with its outdoor patio and nautical motif, it's the perfect spot from which to text laid-back California selfies to your frozen relatives back east. Wish you were here, suckers!
335 Culver Blvd., Playa del Rey, CA 90293. (310) 823-9826. Open from 11 a.m. - 2 a.m.
3. Velvet Lounge at Culver Hotel - Culver City
If you want to pretend you're drinking alone on Thanksgiving in the 1920s, head to downtown Culver City's time warp of a hotel bar, the Velvet Lounge. Located on the second floor of the historic Culver Hotel's opulent lobby, the lounge is done up like a cross between a Parisian brothel and a scene from Boardwalk Empire, making it the perfect place to knock back a few boulevardiers and toast the fact that you're not making awkward dinner conversation with aunts and uncles over canned cranberry sauce. To keep the classy vibe going, stumble down to the Grand Lobby Bar after 7:30 p.m. for some live jazz.
9400 Culver Blvd., Culver City, CA 90232. (310) 558-9400. Open from 4 p.m.- 2. a.m.
Gold Room Photo by Kai Flanders
2. Gold Room - Echo Park
Even though most of Sunset Boulevard will be closing early, it's business as usual at the Gold Room — which means beer with a shot of tequila for $4, free tacos, free peanuts, and a schizophrenic jukebox that jumps from Slayer to 2Pac on a dime. On Thanksgiving, Gold Room is where you go to set fire to the all that puritanical nonsense of "giving thanks," and instead, squeeze into a crowded bar of Dodger fans and Echo Park's finest group of misfits. Go to Taix for dinner, come to Gold Room to puke it out.
1558 W. Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA 90026. (213) 482-5259. Open from 12 p.m. - 2 a.m.
Frolic Room Photo by L.A. Weekly
1. Frolic Room - Hollywood
Frolic Room is Hollywood Boulevard's best dive bar. It's been around for over 80 years, and for the past 20 years, it's been the best escape from the trendy, bro'd-out clubs that own the block. It's also the best place to be on Thanksgiving because of a classy lady behind the bar named Gita. She's been there for over 20 years, and every year on Thanksgiving, they serve up a full Thanksgiving dinner with the works (no turkey this year, though — they say you'll have to wait till Christmas for that). They also stock up, like your favorite aunt from some Nick at Night rerun, so there's plenty for everyone, all night. There's also a legendary jukebox, and if you're a good tipper, Gita might share some stories while you enjoy a cocktail in the coziest dive bar on Hollywood Boulevard.
6245 Hollywood Blvd. Los Angeles, CA 90028. (323) 462-5890. Open from 11 a.m. - 2 a.m.
Like us on Facebook at LAWeeklyMusic
@laweeklymusic
@noisejourno
L.A. Weekly Music's Greatest Hits!
How the Hell Do People Afford Coachella?
The 20 Best Bassists of All Time
The 20 Best Hip-Hop Songs in History
It is Copper River salmon time again at Missoula Fresh Market! Each late May, we are treated to these unbelievable salmon with a bright red flesh, a firm texture, and a rich flavor that makes them a very delicious dining experience. They possess a high fat and oil content, which is why Copper River salmon are recognized as some of the world's best-eating salmon. In this recipe, we marinated a couple of gorgeous salmon fillets in a mixture of Huckleberry Chapel from Selkirk Abbey and lime. Then, we grilled them on the Big Green Egg and served alongside a grilled vegetable medley.
Huckleberry Witbier and Lime Marinated Salmon Ingredients 2 lbs Copper River salmon fillets
½ cup Huckleberry The Chapel Witbier
¼ cup fresh lime juice
5 TBSP soy sauce
1 TBSP ginger, minced
2 TBSP red bell peppers, finely diced
4 lime wedges
½ TBSP Eric's Wicked Seasoning
Hot sauce, to taste Instructions Combine lime juice, witbier, soy sauce, ginger, hot sauce, and Eric's Wicked Seasoning Place salmon fillets in shallow dish and pour marinade over top Refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight Preheat Big Green Egg or other grill to 400°F Grill until fillets flake (about 10 minutes) Garnished with diced bell pepper and lime wedges 5.0 AleMeals.com
IMG_1462 by Jan Andersen(CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
Le décret vitres teintées : rupture d'égalité potentielle, effet rétroactif certain, verbalisation arbitraire possible, atteinte à la vie privée injustifiée, et de possibles infractions aux règles de l'Union Européenne !
Par Sébastien Vidal.
Le 14 avril 2016, paraissait au Journal Officiel de la République Française un touffu décret de 8 pages « modifiant certaines dispositions du Code de la route relatives aux véhicules » : le décret 2016-448 du 13 avril 2016.
Au sein de cette prose administrative (car rappelons-le, un décret est un acte administratif, et pas un acte législatif, ce qui est une distinction d'importance, même si la lecture de certains textes législatifs modernes laisse songeur : il n'émane pas de la représentation populaire, ni n'est passé par ses fourches caudines), deux articles se distinguent car ils portent sur un sujet qui intéresse près de deux millions de propriétaires de véhicules en France, et qu'ils grignotent une fois de plus la liberté de chacun d'entre nous, notre droit au respect de la vie privée, et fait de chacun d'entre nous des suspects en puissance (ou impuissants à lutter pour leurs libertés, c'est à voir).
Il s'agit des articles 27 et 28 ainsi rédigés :
Article 27 :
Les deuxième, troisième et quatrième alinéas de l'article R. 316-3 sont remplacés par les dispositions suivantes :
« Les vitres du pare-brise et les vitres latérales avant côté conducteur et côté passager doivent en outre avoir une transparence suffisante, tant de l'intérieur que de l'extérieur du véhicule, et ne provoquer aucune déformation notable des objets vus par transparence ni aucune modification notable de leurs couleurs. La transparence de ces vitres est considérée comme suffisante si le facteur de transmission régulière de la lumière est d'au moins 70 %. En cas de bris, elles doivent permettre au conducteur de continuer à voir distinctement la route.
« Toute opération susceptible de réduire les caractéristiques de sécurité ou les conditions de transparence des vitres prévues aux alinéas précédents est interdite.
« Le ministre chargé des transports fixe par arrêté les modalités d'application du présent article. Il détermine notamment les conditions d'homologation, y compris de transparence, des différentes catégories de vitres équipant les véhicules et, le cas échéant, les dérogations que justifieraient des raisons médicales ou des conditions d'aménagement de véhicules blindés.
« Le fait de contrevenir aux dispositions du présent article ou à celles prises pour son application, à l'exception de celles relatives aux conditions de transparence, est puni de l'amende prévue pour les contraventions de la troisième classe. »
Article 28 :
Après l'article R. 316-3, il est inséré un article R. 316-3-1 ainsi rédigé :
« Art. R. 316-3-1. – Le fait, pour tout conducteur, de circuler avec un véhicule ne respectant pas les dispositions de l'article R. 316-3 relatives aux conditions de transparence des vitres fixées à cet article ou à celles prises pour son application est puni de l'amende prévue pour les contraventions de la quatrième classe. Cette contravention donne lieu de plein droit à la réduction de trois points du permis de conduire.
« L'immobilisation peut être prescrite dans les conditions prévues aux articles L. 325-1 à L. 325-3. »
Si l'article 28 prévoit des sanctions absolument pas démesurées (135€, trois points retirés au permis, et même immobilisation du véhicule, rien que ça) pour le conducteur d'un véhicule en infraction (comme s'il était responsable de ce qu'en a fait le propriétaire à qui il l'aurait emprunté) avec ce qu'instaure le 27, c'est bien ce dernier qui acte la prohibition, a priori, des vitres avant teintées à compter du 1er janvier 2017.
Décret vitres teintées : vers une verbalisation arbitraire ?
A priori, car la rédaction semble ouvrir la voie à une première faille :
« La transparence de ces vitres est considérée comme suffisante si le facteur de transmission régulière de la lumière est d'au moins 70 %. »
Ceci signifie qu'il est impossible de verbaliser quelqu'un qui aurait une transmission de la lumière supérieure à 70% (ce qui est installé par défaut sur tout véhicule), mais pas qu'il est obligatoire de verbaliser quelqu'un qui en aurait une inférieure.
Théoriquement, on peut donc acheter des véhicules avec des vitres teintées d'origine à plus de 30%, et même les conduire. On ne serait pas nécessairement verbalisé. Mais on pourrait l'être. Sur quels critères en revanche, cela reste un mystère.
D'autant plus que la mesure de la transparence s'effectue en principe en laboratoire (avec des lampes au mercure, etc. selon les règles européennes) et que l'on a du mal à imaginer que le gendarme ou le policier qui verbalise dispose des conditions requises… À moins que l'immobilisation du véhicule ne serve justement à l'envoyer au laboratoire ?
On a donc une notion de verbalisation arbitraire qui pose problème.
Discrimination entre les consommateurs et effet rétroactif
Mais on a également une discrimination entre consommateurs : en effet, si on suit le raisonnement supra, on peut donc en théorie acheter un véhicule avec des vitres avant teintées d'origine. Mais on n'a pas le droit de les teinter en « seconde monte » :
« Toute opération susceptible de réduire les caractéristiques de sécurité ou les conditions de transparence des vitres prévues aux alinéas précédents est interdite ».
Demandera-t-on aux automobilistes ayant fait poser des films colorés sur leurs vitres avant de les retirer, quand on ne demandera rien à ceux dont les vitres sont teintées d'origine ?
Admettons que tout le monde soit traité sur un pied d'égalité (teintage d'origine ou films colorés interdits), et que l'agent verbalisateur ait un moyen de mesurer la transmission de la lumière en toute objectivité.
Jusqu'au 1er janvier 2017 il est permis de rouler avec un véhicule aux vitres avant teintées. Jusqu'à la publication du décret au moins, il était possible soit d'acheter un véhicule avec les vitres teintées d'origine, soit de les faire teinter ensuite.
Les propriétaires de ces véhicules devront-ils les transformer pour ne pas être inquiétés ? Si retirer un film coloré est contraignant, que dire de l'obligation de changer purement et simplement des vitres teintées dans la masse ?
Cela n'est pas neutre financièrement, et on demande à des personnes ayant acquis un véhicule conforme, de le modifier pour le mettre en conformité avec une nouvelle règle, qui a un effet rétroactif (à ce stade, aucune disposition ne permet en effet de distinguer les véhicules équipés avant le 1er janvier 2017 des autres face au risque de verbalisation).
Or, souvenez-vous : le décret n'est pas une loi mais un acte administratif.
Or, si les nouvelles normes édictées ont en principe vocation à s'appliquer immédiatement, le principe de non-rétroactivité des actes administratifs fait obstacle à ce qu'une règle nouvelle s'applique, au sens où elle les remettrait en cause, à des situations déjà constituées sous l'empire des anciennes règles (CE, Ass., 25 juin 1948, Société du journal L'Aurore, n° 94511).
Il ne faut pas oublier qu'en droit français, l'absence de prohibition à défaut de règle établie est le principe : tout ce qui n'est pas explicitement interdit est autorisé.
Dès lors, les vitres teintées à l'avant étaient (et sont encore) autorisées. Pas besoin d'un acte « positif » pour les autoriser. Elles le sont par défaut (sauf à trahir les principes fondamentaux de notre droit, mais nous ne sommes plus à ça près, quand même certains parlementaires semblent croire que l'absence de réglementation équivaudrait à une interdiction…).
Le décret entraîne donc, en l'état, des effets rétroactifs, et un coût pour des citoyens honnêtes qui ont acquis en toute bonne foi des biens de consommation conformes aux règles applicables.
Partant, va-t-on interdire à ceux-ci d'utiliser un bien conforme lors de son acquisition ? Va-t-on les empêcher, de facto, de vendre leurs biens d'occasion (qui achèterait une voiture qui ne peut pas circuler ? À noter d'ailleurs qu'il n'est même pas nécessaire qu'elle circule pour être verbalisable…).
Et le respect de la vie privée ?
Une autre règle de droit interne semble bien chahutée par le décret : le droit au respect de la vie privée, notamment consacré par l'article 9 du Code civil, et considéré comme un droit fondamental, et constitutionnel.
Est-il utile de rappeler que des comédiennes résidant semble-t-il dans une rue au nom amusant auraient obtenu la condamnation de journalistes ayant fait des photos d'elles dans leur véhicule, pourtant sur la voie publique, au motif de ce respect de la vie privée ? Le droit est le même pour tous.
On ne peut restreindre une liberté individuelle ou un droit fondamental qu'en le justifiant par une nécessité impérieuse.
L'argument sécuritaire contre les vitres teintées, encore…
Or, que nous dit-on (dans la presse, en l'absence d'exposé des motifs dans le décret) : interdit d'assombrir vos vitres avant (donc plus d'intimité à l'avant du véhicule).
Non pas parce que cela vous empêcherait de voir à l'extérieur depuis l'intérieur (certains le disent, mais sont incapables de produire la moindre étude sérieuse à l'appui de cette assertion), mais parce que cela empêcherait les forces de l'ordre de voir à l'intérieur du véhicule.
Voilà un argument bien curieux et qui ne résiste pas à l'analyse (et ne prend pas en compte les arguments positifs : réduction de l'utilisation de la climatisation dans les régions ensoleillées, donc de la consommation ; sécurisation contre l'effraction, etc.).
Que l'objectif soit, comme on peut le lire dans la presse, à défaut d'avoir un exposé des motifs dans le décret à nouveau, de mieux contrôler le port de la ceinture, l'utilisation de téléphones portables, et bien sûr lutter contre la criminalité.
Concernant ce dernier point, on rappellera que, sur les photos de presse de la Clio louée par les terroristes du 13 novembre, on voit distinctement que les vitres ne sont pas teintées… et la presse rapporte que le survivant de l'opération aurait été contrôlé, au moins une fois, sur son chemin pour la Belgique (qu'auraient changé des vitres teintées ?). L'argument sécuritaire semble bien contestable…
Concernant le port de la ceinture ou l'utilisation du téléphone portable : il semble bien que les pare-brises ne puissent être teintés (c'est une norme de l'Union, d'ailleurs visée par le décret)… et le contrôle s'effectue en général « de face ». Jusqu'à présent il a été conduit sans difficulté particulière par les forces de l'ordre.
En ce qui concerne les ceintures de sécurité en particulier : celles-ci sont également obligatoires à l'arrière du véhicule.
Dès lors, sauf à admettre que, s'agissant des passagers arrière, les autorités ont renoncé à assurer la sécurité routière, force est de constater qu'elles doivent avoir recours à d'autres méthodes pour identifier les éventuels contrevenants.
Partant, la mesure n'est pas nécessaire, les mêmes méthodes pouvant être utilisées pour les passagers avant. « Attention malheureux ! » me crierez-vous. « Vous allez leur donner envie d'interdire le teintage même à l'arrière ».
C'est là qu'on rejoint le droit européen…
En effet, il n'est pas prohibé, dans plusieurs pays de l'Union d'avoir des vitres teintées à l'arrière.
Dès lors, si la France les interdisait, elle ferait obstacle à la libre circulation des véhicules en provenance de ces pays… Elle ne le peut pas. Par libre circulation, on peut entendre celle des propriétaires de ces véhicules qui veulent traverser la France, mais aussi le commerce des véhicules d'occasion.
Ainsi, on ne peut pas interdire de teinter les vitres arrière. Partant, on ne devrait pas pouvoir interdire de teinter les vitres avant. Que ce soit d'origine, ou en seconde monte. À nouveau le droit européen nous parle, et singulièrement un arrêt de 2008 : Commission c/ Portugal .
Le Portugal avait voulu interdire l'apposition de films colorés, alors même qu'il autorisait des vitres teintées d'origine… Les arguments de sécurité routière et de lutte contre la criminalité avaient été écartés par la Cour. Partant, la mesure n'était pas nécessaire pour atteindre ces objectifs.
Or, elle restreignait le commerce des films de seconde monde : elle constituait alors une « Mesure d'Effet Equivalent à une Restriction Quantitative », ou MEERQ, qui se définit comme toute réglementation des États membres susceptible d'entraver directement ou indirectement, actuellement ou potentiellement, le commerce intracommunautaire .
Or les MEERQ sont interdites par l'article 34 du Traité de Fonctionnement de l'Union Européenne ou TFUE (ex article 30 TCE) et ne sont permises que si elles sont jugées nécessaires (et pas utiles) à l'atteinte d'un objectif impérieux de sécurité publique (notamment).
Le cas ressemble fortement à celui du décret 2016-448… À quelques nuances près, on peut penser que le décret instaure donc une MEERQ. Et que les justifications invoquées ne permettent pas d'établir que la mesure serait nécessaire à l'atteinte des objectifs affichés. Et si pas de nécessité, la mesure est illicite.
De la même manière, on peut penser qu'il instaure une taxe d'effet équivalent (ou TEE), prohibée par l'article 30 TFUE en imposant une modification technique (et donc un coût) à l'importation pour les véhicules d'occasion. Autant d'éléments qui devraient être pris en compte pour vérifier la compatibilité des règles techniques instaurées par le décret avec les règles européennes.
Et c'est là justement l'ultime (ou le premier) argument : l'article 8 du règlement 98/34 CE impose une procédure de notification à la Commission Européenne, par un État qui introduit une nouvelle règle technique.
Or il ne ressort pas des visas du décret qu'une telle notification ait été effectuée : la CJUE avait d'ailleurs du se prononcer sur le même manquement concernant le Portugal dans son arrêt de 2008 déjà évoqué.
La notification a t elle été faite ?
Peut être le Premier ministre répondra-t-il à cette question suite au recours gracieux en abrogation du décret, fondé sur les arguments ci-avant, reçu par ses services le 26 avril dernier… et dont copie a été adressée, pour information, au Président de la Commission Européenne.
Espérons que le recours gracieux aboutira, pour préserver un petit bout de liberté (mais petit bout par petit bout, aussi dérisoire que cela puisse paraître, nos libertés sont rognées, et nous sommes tous soupçonnés et épiés).
A lire aussi sur le même sujet : interdiction des vitres teintées, deux millions de Français concernés !
The Pittsburgh Penguins have a Mobile Club in which fans can receive text message alerts about team news, three stars of the game and other stuff you'll quickly delete.
Fred Weiss is a California resident that signed up for the service, and was unhappy with the amount of text alerts they were receiving. How unhappy? He's suing the Penguins.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Via Consumerist:
The lawsuit, brought last week in the U.S. District Court in California's Central District, says that the Penguins violated the Telephone Consumer Protection Act by sending more text messages than agreed to in the terms and conditions. According to the complaint, when the plaintiff signed up for the text alerts — intended to provide information like player trades, breaking news, and special team-related offers — the agreement on the Penguins website states the team will send a maximum of three texts per week. The suit [via CourthouseNews], which seeks class-action status, is asking the court for an injunction that would prevent the team from texting beyond the 3/week limit. It's also asking for unspecified damages.
Did the Penguins actually do anything in violation of their agreement? Or did someone build am absurd waste of a case around misread fine print?
Here's more from the lawsuit:
And here's the fine print from the Penguins:
Your carrier's standard messaging and data rates apply to all SMS correspondence. Other charges may apply. By subscribing, you consent to receiving, from time to time, further text messages from us which may include offers from us, our affiliates and partners. Available on participating carriers. Maximum of 3 messages a week. To end this service, text "STOP" to 32623. For help text "HELP" to 32623 or email customerservice@pittsburghpenguins.com or call 412-642-1300.
Story continues
Now, in scanning the lawsuit, it doesn't appear Weiss ever attempted to unsubscribe to the text alerts. Because obviously bringing legal action against the Penguins is more cost effective and a better use of everyone's time than sending the word "STOP" to 32623.
But speaking to the suit: Unless we're completely misreading this, it appears the "maximum of three messages" is in reference to text alerts above and beyond — aka "further" — the ones about the Penguins, from "us, our affiliates and partners." You know, direct marketing stuff. As long as that content didn't exceed three messages, there's no case.
Why are we even applying logic to this? Two messages above the misunderstood maximum is "excess"? Signing up for something, deciding you don't like it, and then subjecting yourself to further aggravation is an "invasion of privacy"? Good lord.
Poor Pittsburgh. The last time we saw something from the Penguins exploited like this for someone else's benefit, Marc-Andre Fleury finished the first round with an .834 save percentage ...
s/t NHL Gossip and The Pensblog
Homare Sawa just couldn't take it anymore.
The former FIFA Women's World Player of the Year tore into Nadeshiko Japan on Thursday, questioning the heart of some of the players after a disastrous start to the Rio de Janeiro Olympics qualifying campaign.
The morning after Japan on Wednesday allowed archrival South Korea a 1-1 draw at the death, two days following a 3-1 defeat to Australia, Sawa said they have been unconvinced by the performances from their old team and wonders how many of the players truly want to play in Rio.
Sitting in fifth place with juust one point in the six-team, round-robin qualifying tournament, Nadeshiko can win its remaining three games against China, Vietnam and North Korea, and possibly still fail to qualify for the Summer Games.
Japan has qualified for the last three Olympics, winning a silver in London four years ago.
“I know this sounds harsh but watching from the outside, I really wonder how many of the players are out on the pitch dying to win, giving it their all for the team,” former Japan captain Sawa said. “I don't sense enough desire, to be truthful.
“The last couple of performances have been rough, to be perfectly honest. You're looking at a case where if they don't win the next game, the worst could happen. They're in a pretty bad situation.
“At both ends of the pitch, be it challenges, chasing down loose balls or whatever, I'm not getting the feeling that everyone on the squad is on the same page.
“They have no choice but to win. A draw won't be good enough. You can't improve technique or tactics in just one day so you have to try to communicate better.”
Some of their old teammates agree with the 2011 Women's World Cup MVP and top scorer that Japan has been subpar through the first two games.
“Time is not on our side,” said forward Yuki Ogimi, who inherited the No. 10 shirt from Sawa. “Each and every one of us has to understand what their role is in helping us win. If the individual doesn't change, neither will the team. That's what it boils down to…”
Said captain Aya Miyama, “It's not only today, they (Sawa) always looks out for us. I feel responsible. I really hope we can have a good game.”
Sawa, who retired at the end of last season, paid the Japanese camp a visit on Thursday amid their commentary work for tournament broadcaster NHK, urging the players in person to keep their chins up ahead of Friday's match against China, which is second in the group behind Australia.
Whether Sawa's tough love will awaken the Nadeshiko remains to be seen, but Japan's all-time caps leader (205) and top goalscorer (83) implored Norio Sasaki's side to not give up — not only for themselves but for the sake of Japanese women's soccer, which has had an impressive run through the major competitions since its triumph five years ago in Germany.
“When I was a player, I was always trying to come up with ways to help the team out,” Sawa said. “A few of the girls might be playing with a sense of crisis but it takes the entire team to get the job done.
“I also don't think they've gotten a break yet. If they do, the circumstances could change just like that. I want them to go to Rio. I don't want the momentum we've had for women's football to end here.
“The opportunity is still there. Everyone has to fight to the death in the next three games.”
Image copyright AFP Image caption Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan offered little evidence to support their claim
Muslims discovered the Americas more than three centuries before Christopher Columbus, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has said.
They made the claim during a conference of Latin American Muslim leaders in Istanbul, pointing to a diary entry in which Columbus mentioned a mosque on a hill in Cuba.
Mr Erdoğan also said "Muslim sailors arrived in America in 1178".
They said they were willing to build a mosque at the site Columbus identified.
The Turkish president - whose AK Party is rooted in political Islam - gave no further evidence to back up their theory, instead stating: "Contacts between Latin America and Islam date back to the 12th Century."
Controversial article
Columbus is widely believed to have discovered the Americas in 1492, while trying to find a new route to India.
But in a disputed article published in 1996, historian Youssef Mroueh said Columbus' entry was proof that Muslims had reached the Americas first and that "the religion of Islam was widespread".
However many scholars believe the reference is metaphorical, describing an aspect of the mountain that resembled part of a mosque.
No Islamic structures have been found in America that pre-date Columbus.
Mr Erdoğan said they thought "a mosque would go perfectly on the hill today" and that they would like to discuss building this with Cuba.
The first people to reach the Americas came from Asia. They are believed to have crossed the Bering Strait about 15,000 years ago.
The first European visitors to North America are widely thought to have been Norse explorers, about 500 years before Columbus.
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Borussia Dortmund want to rescue Henrikh Mkhitaryan from their Manchester United hell and take them back to Germany in January, writes Steve Bates in the Sunday People.
Dortmund's highly-regarded coach Tomas Tuchel as well as club bosses CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke and General manager Michael Zorc have all been shocked at Mkhitaryan's free-fall at Old Trafford.
They are astounded at Mkhitaryan's failure to make any kind of impact under United boss Jose Mourinho - especially as the Armenian play-maker was one of the Bundesliga's top stars before they left Dortmund in a £26.9 deal last summer.
Tuchel has told Watzke and Zorc they would be happy to take 27 year-old Mkhitaryan back in January if Dortmund can strike a loan-deal with United.
(Image: Alexandre Simoes)
(Image: Shaun Botterill)
Mkhitaryan was expected to deliver the same creative flair at Old Trafford having been king of the assists during their time at Dortmund after moving from Shaktar Donetsk in 2013.
The Armenian star scored 33 goals in 114 games for Dortmund but so far he's made just 6 appearances for United, some from the bench, and failed to convince Mourinho to give them a run in the side ahead of Wayne Rooney or Juan Mata.
Mkhitaryan's Old Trafford career stalled after they picked up a thigh injury in the 2-1 defeat by Manchester City on September 10 and was out for seven weeks b efore making a late substitute appearance against Fenerbahce in Istanbul recently.
(Image: John Peters)
(Image: Alex Livesey)
But they were again left out of the United side which won at Swansea before the international break and that's alerted Dortmund who are planning to contact Old Trafford ahead of the January window opening to determine whether Mourinho will let them return to Germany for the rest of the season.
The move would be familiar territory for the two clubs with Dortmund buying back Japanese midfielder Shinji Kagawa in 2014 after two lukewarm seasons at United following their £12 million transfer in 2012.
But at least Mkhitaryan has something to smile about after skippering their country to their first 2018 World Cup qualifying win of the campaign.
Armenia staged a remarkable comeback against Montenegro winning 3-2 after being 2-0 down to record their first win in 12 competitive games stretching back to 2013.
IT was a $22 million encrypted radio system meant to keep police business secret from unwanted eavesdroppers.
But hi-tech hackers cracked the system within 12 months, selling off the technology to tow-truck drivers for up to $25,000 a time. In the past weeks police have changed the code after discovering the radios were also in the hands of criminals, particularly bikies.
NSW police implemented the system three years ago for security reasons.
But within a year tow truck operators were paying $12,000 to have "exclusive rights" to radios encrypted for their area and promised competitors would not have access to the same channel. For $25,000 the entire encrypted system could be bought, enabling the purchaser to listen in on all police channels throughout the metropolitan area.
It is believed more than a dozen tow truck drivers have been listening to the police network throughout Sydney for at least two years and in some cases longer.
NSW police are refusing to even acknowledge there has been any security breakdown with its radio network, which is severely embarrassing to the force. Police were confident the system was foolproof.
It's understood no one has been charged and police still have very little idea how the encrypted codes became so freely available.
Country and regional areas have not been encrypted because of the prohibitive cost.
When asked about the fact the system had been compromised and whether any one had been charged, police refused to answer.
"The NSW Police Force employs a range of strategies to ensure the security and integrity of its communications," said Assistant Commissioner Peter Barrie, who is in charge of the police communications branch. "Those strategies and their effectiveness are regularly reviewed."
A tow-truck driver who had been in possession of a radio for more than two years said yesterday: "The cops have fixed the problem for now. Everyone says their radios have gone dead."
One person recently paid $23,000 to have access to all channels. It was only after word leaked that bikies, and not just towies had been able to acquire the radios, that police acted.
Originally published as Crims bust police code
South Dakota and Alaska are the latest states where bills have been introduced to exempt domestic manufacturers of firearms and ammunition from federal regulations while, in Arizona, a house panel voted last week to allow state residents make their own guns and bullets--and offer them for sale--without having to comply with federal regulations.
Rep. Nancy McLain, R-Bullhead City, said the bill is designed to have Arizona exercise its right of sovereignty that is guaranteed under the 10th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which says "the powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the states respectively, or to the people."
More than 20 states nationwide considering such legislation, encompassed under the proposed Firearms Freedom Act sponsored by the Tenth Amendment Center. The genesis for the movement comes from Montana, which passed an identical bill last year, setting the stage for a legal battle with the federal government.
For more, read:
--SOUTH DAKOTA: State Joins the Firearms Freedom Movement; http://www.dakotavoice.com/2010/01/south-dakota-joins-the-firearms-freedom-movement/
--ALASKA: Gun measure sends message to feds; http://www.ktuu.com/Global/story.asp?S=11915968
--SOUTH CAROLINA: Firearms Freedom Act needs help in Columbia; http://www.ammoland.com/2010/01/28/south-carolina-firearms-freedom-act/
--ARIZONA: House committee OKs homemade guns, ammo; ttp://www.eastvalleytribune.com/story/150022
--Educate: Firearms Freedom Act Talking Points; http://blog.tenthamendmentcenter.com/2010/01/educate-firearms-freedom-act-talking-points/
--UTAH: State-Made Firearms Protection legislation; http://le.utah.gov/2010/bills/sbillint/sb0011.htm)
--Firearms Freedom Act
St Kilda has added two new Irish rookies to its international stable in the club's latest step towards growing its talent base outside of the AFL draft.
The Saints have signed teenaged hurling star Darragh Joyce and 22-year-old Ray Connellan, a member of 2015 International Rules squad, with both young Irishman to relocate to Melbourne as early as next month.
Recruiting boss Tony Elshaug confirmed the club had completed its paperwork signing both players on two-year contracts despite Connellan suffering a broken leg several weeks ago playing for Westmeath in the Leinster final against Dublin.
"Our strategy from mid-2013 has been to increase our talent base through different means," said Elshaug, "and we hope these boys could play a significant part in that." The Saints, which have also access to their New Zealand scholarship pair Barclay Miller and Joe Baker-Thomas must soon make a call on US-born former college basketballer Jason Holmes after three years with the club as an international rookie.
Yellow Nation Army (YNA) started in 2010 when two long-time supporters decided to try to bring something different to the corner. Since these humble beginnings of two guys in yellow spandex, YNA has shown to be one of the emerging Supporter Groups in the Nordecke. They live to support their beloved Crew SC, as well as their community, all while having a raging good time along the way. YNA members can be found on the west side of the parking lot before nearly every home match at one of the groups notorious themed tailgates. The tailgates are open to all so feel free to stop by and check them out. Join the YNA and you're guaranteed to be making some bad decisions with some good people in no time at all.
Learn More >>
Given that I've chosen to contribute to a platform that boasts “a return to art criticism,” it would be worth considering what that might mean. To return to criticism implies that it's been in exile or decline, that it's been neglected or marginalized, or that what is called criticism today is actually something else entirely. None of these notions will be unfamiliar to anyone involved in writing about contemporary art. The idea that criticism is in crisis has been around so long (and reasserts itself so often) that it has begun to seem like a permanent feature of the landscape.
The complaints are diverse, though the complainants can usually be divided into two camps: journalistic critics, who bemoan the dominance of theory and call for more feeling, more engagement with a general audience, and especially more judgments of value (“is this art good or bad?”); on the opposing side, more academically-inclined critics complain about the market's stranglehold over art and art publishing, about the ballooning proportion of Artforum's page count taken up by ads, and about the lack of critical rigor and political position-taking in art writing. Both camps are united, however, in their frustration with the diminished influence of criticism in general.
Whereas once, in the prehistoric age of Clement Greenberg and their ilk (Harold Rosenberg, Leo Steinberg, etc.), critics could compete with art dealers in establishing the merit of artworks and the terms of debate with which artists grappled, much of that authority has since been seized by curators and by artists themselves (for whom a facility with writing about and promoting their work is now an imperative), though the principal power of conferring value seems to have been decisively usurped by the dealer-collector axis. Art fairs are the new biennials.
Meanwhile, any critic actually trying to make a living from writing faces the same pressures that journalists have faced everywhere as Old Media empires crumble: shrinking word counts; shrinking (or nonexistent) pay; grueling freelancing regimes (since full-time, stable art writing gigs have virtually disappeared); and the tyranny of page-views, listicles, gossip, and clickbait. This is in large part because of the internet, which demands immediacy, encourages everyone to be a critic, and allows images to circulate much quicker and more widely than they ever could in print magazines. The self-validating mechanics of virality have, in many cases, made the contextualization of images a moot point. All of which helps explain why there are so few people writing about art who identify exclusively as critics. Almost everyone who contributes to art magazines or writes catalogue essays also does (or has done, or will do) something else, whether they are an artist, an art historian (or graduate student), a curator, an educator, a worker in a gallery or museum, or whether they are, more nebulously, a theorist – arguably the position of the highest cultural capital (though not of actual power) within the contemporary art ecosystem.
Indeed, it's tempting to assert that criticism's decline has been accompanied by theory's ascent – that the most influential writing on art today (influential, that is, in terms of being broadly read by people interested in art and having an impact on curatorial programs and an effect on artistic production) is neither art criticism nor art history, but art theory. One of the most prominent platforms for art theory in recent years has been e-flux journal (which is, notably, readable online and ad-free thanks to the funds it collects via its announcement service), with Boris Groys and Hito Steyerl among its most representative and regular authors. In neither of the latter theorists' e-flux articles, however, does one often encounter detailed or opinionated accounts of recent art production. Rather, their output offers more wide-angled cultural criticism, often focused on the relationships between technology and the history of avant-garde art, delivered in stylish, edgy prose that occasionally borders on satire or sci-fi hyperbole (both writers also have an appreciable sense of humor). This art theory, while not exactly art history or art criticism, is, furthermore, a bit different from what is typically connoted by the term “theory” in general. But what is theory, exactly?
This is a more complicated question than it may initially appear to be, in part because “theory” is a catch-all euphemism that's been stretched beyond legibility by loose usage: “theory,” “French theory,” “postmodern theory,” and “post-structuralism” are often used interchangeably, as if they denote a single, unitary entity (they don't). A variety of heterodox thinkers did emerge in France in the late 1960s, particularly following the tumult of the May '68 student uprisings. Much of this work attempted to either continue the project of radical politics within academia or to move past the orthodox thought (party-line Communism and establishment philosophy, for example) that were deemed inadequate to the post-'68 situation. However, it was really the belated translation and reception of these texts in English-language humanities departments that made French theory into a canon. The artworld played no small part in this development: Roland Barthes's essay “The Death of the Author” had its first publication in the short-lived, American avant-garde art magazine Aspen in 1967, only appearing in a French journal the following year. The timeliness of this import was, however, an exception. It took until the second half of the 1970s for theory to really penetrate Anglophone universities and art schools.
The rise of theory in the artworld is often linked to the emergence of Conceptual Art. Conceptual artists were the first generation of artists to be university-educated, and the first to actively assume the role of contextualizing and historicizing their own work in writing. That said, the philosophical interests of most conceptualists tended towards the structuralism or phenomenology that were fashionable in the late ‘60s – structuralism in particular facilitated the turn away from modernist notions of individual art objects possessed of inherent quality (which was to be judged by intuition and conviction), towards a focus on art as a system of (linguistic) relations in which the actual art objects were contingent and sometimes dispensable. It was when first-generation Conceptual artists became teachers at the experimental art schools of the 1970s, though, that post-structuralism and the writing of Michel Foucault, Jacques Derrida, Julia Kristeva, Jacques Lacan, and others began to assume a dominant role in art pedagogy.
By the time that Artforum dissidents Rosalind Krauss and Annette Michelson founded October in 1976, theory was a full-fledged concern: October's first issue promised regular translations of critical and theoretical texts from foreign languages. Initially, this meant mainly the Russian avant-garde, but by the 1980s, it entailed a strong investment in French theory, especially around issues of authorship. The year 1976 also marked Semiotext(e)'s “Schizo-Culture” conference, which convened Foucault and Gilles Deleuze alongside Kathy Acker, John Cage, and William S. Burroughs in order to draw out connections between underground culture and cutting-edge currents in high theory. This has remained Semiotext(e)'s mission, and their publication of small, smartly-designed books (exemplified by the Foreign Agents series they began in 1980) has been instrumental in making theory hip. Semiotext(e)'s editor, Sylvère Lotringer, has also had a long, collegial relationship with Artforum, in which they have appeared numerous times as author or interview subject, often commenting on authors that they publish. Artforum itself enthusiastically embraced theory in the ‘80s. In 1983, they even added Jean Baudrillard to their masthead as a contributing editor, apparently without them actually knowing it.
This last anecdote comes via an art piece by Steve Lyons entitled Towards an Anthropology of Influence (2014), included in an exhibition currently on view at Montreal's Dazibao gallery: D'un discours qui ne serait pas du semblant/Actors, Networks, Theories, curated by Vincent Bonin. This show is actually the second of two installments – the first was held at Concordia University's Leonard and Bina Ellen Gallery from November 2013 until January 2014 – both of which take the reception of French theory in the English-speaking artworld as their theme. It's a very ambitious project, though not a surprising one if you're familiar with Bonin's résumé. They were a co-curator of Materializing “Six Years”: Lucy R. Lippard and the Emergence of Conceptual Art at the Brooklyn Museum (2012) and Traffic: Conceptual Art in Canada 1965-1980 (2012), as well as the curator of another two-part exhibition on conceptualism held at the Ellen Gallery in 2007 and 2008 and entitled Documentary Protocols.
Naturally, a history of theory and its reception is an unwieldy subject for an art exhibition. In conversation, Bonin readily admitted as much. “I quickly realized,” they told me, “that French Theory was mainly a structural device to put together the exhibition about many other issues – one of them being a certain legacy of discursive practices and one other had to do with the relationship between the critic or theoretician and the artist.” If viewers are looking for a discernable narrative or historical account in Bonin's two shows, they'll likely be frustrated. While the two exhibitions will eventually be followed by a book in which Bonin can be expected to provide an informed and insightful historical perspective, they insist that curating ethically required them to give artists in the show “a lot of freedom” rather than instrumentalizing their work to advance their own argument.
Nevertheless, Bonin's two exhibitions are equal to their subject, to the extent that they'll likely confuse the uninitiated while rewarding those who either come equipped with certain background knowledge or are willing to invest the effort of digging into a lot of supplementary didactic material. For example, in the first instalment, different rooms represented various historic moments in the reception of theory and the development of critical art practices, often within a Canadian context. One room offered a section of Mary Kelly's Post-partum Document (1973-79) that was purchased by the AGO in the ‘80s and was displayed, in this show, alongside a sound recording of Kelly speaking at Concordia in 1988 and a poster from an exhibition of theirs at Montreal's La Centrale. Other sections alluded to group exhibitions which, in Bonin's words, “became contexts for a collective debate around certain theoretical ideas of the time,” such as Group Material's Resistance (Anti-Baudrillard) of 1987, and Magnificent Obsessions, shown at Montreal's Optica in 1985 and curated by artists who studied with Victor Burgin in England.
This sketching of theory's reception and rise through affinities within intellectual communities (like teacher-student relations or Group Material's activist milieu) becomes even more pronounced in the second instalment at Dazibao. Walking through the door, the viewer is immediately confronted with Bernadette Corporation's video Hell Frozen Over (2000), which features Sylvère Lotringer standing on a frozen lake, giving a lecture on “nothingness” in the poetry of Stéphane Mallarmé, intercut with footage of models posing and being directed in a kind of absurdist fashion shoot. Staffed and shot by an incestuous who's-who of the New York City experimental art scene in the early 2000s, Bernadette Corporation's video (and corporate persona in general) represents the convergence of high theory with fashion and branding, made possible by theory's institutionalization and the ubiquity (and consequent vagueness) of “criticality” at that point in art discourse. Nearly fifteen years later, it still feels pretty fresh.
Installed just behind Hell Frozen Over at Dazibao is the Steve Lyons piece mentioned above, which lays out, in a schematic fashion, the social network that Bernadette Corporation was moving in. In fact, Lyon's contribution addresses the theme of the exhibition more directly than any other – unsurprisingly, Lyons is a doctoral student in art history in addition to being a practicing artist, and this work draws directly on their dissertation topic. One vitrine holds some ephemera related to the anecdote about Baudrillard on Artforum's masthead, along with printouts of emails exchanged between John Kelsey (a member of B.C. as well as a gallerist and critic who regularly contributes to Artforum) and Lotringer. The wall behind is covered in mirrored wallpaper on which Lyons has printed black-and-white scans of every Artforum page spread in the last fifteen years that mentions Semiotext(e) or one of its associated authors. Suffice to say that it fills the wall easily. The mirror-wallpaper mimics the display strategy adopted by Semiotext(e)'s editors when they were invited to show (as an “artist”) at this year's Whitney Biennial, but it also aptly encapsulates the allure of theory itself: it's something alien but seductive, something hard and slightly futuristic, something you want to be seen reading, something you want to see yourself in. Towards an Anthropology of Influence also makes it possible to trace a network of mutual promotion. As Lyons wrote to me in an email, “Art and theory are mutually productive, since theory performs a legitimizing service for art when it enters art writing in magazines like Artforum and Texte zur Kunst, and the artworld has long provided theorists with a major promotional apparatus.”
In Part Two of “A Theory of Everything: On the State of Theory and Criticism” (to be published Monday, Nov. 3), Saelan Twerdy considers the manifestation of theory in contemporary art since 2000 and the “critical” element in critical theory.
New York -A recent survey undertaken by the Palzy Research Center has found that an overwhelming majority of Americans lacked even the most minute understanding of how either our current economic system, or any other, functions. Anonymous participants were given a sheet with one question on it, one which asked them to correctly label and describe in one to two sentences what our current, any, economic system is or was.
The majority of answers were of such a obvious lack of any kinds of knowledge and of such sheer fuckery that the Center had first to make sure they were looking at the right results, and not any of the children-based surveys.
The poll's data was indicative of a broad-based phenomenon, one that didn't seem to register more or less strongly with certain income bases, minorities, or genders, although the most mind-blowingly stupid responses seemed to emanate most prominently from Upper Middle Class White men.
One such dingus-response was The market is free and just, an utterly naive and ridiculous assumption. Worse yet was The Opposite of Russia.
The most common answer seemed to be Ayn Rand-related, with many people simply invoking their name, while others tried to recount, often in vain, the titles of their books —The Fountain Shrugged, for instance, appeared over eighty times out of an overall survey of three hundred people. Americanism, Fee trade, Market-tocracy, and Anarcho-Capitalism were just a few examples of the plethora of made up answers submitted to the poll by this random assortment of crackerjacks.
And those who chose to label a past economic arrangement tended to fare even worse when it came to trying to hide their colossal ignorance, one dingbat writing: The market has always been here, from the time of cavemen, to Rome, to now. And it isn't going anywhere, ever! Such priggish remarks as human nature, the selfish gene, and everybody has wants, right? were common, with Fuck taxes being commoner still.
For those imbeciles devoid of all dignity and completely unable to answer this simple question in words, stupid pictures were drawn that usually amounted to smiling stick figures surrounded by red sports cars and lots of money.
Ideology apparently wasn't a contributing factor either, with many of those polled writing in the word banks regardless of their admitted position on the Left/Right spectrum, although those on the Right more often tended to use the irregular and misspelled bancs instead.
At press time the most strikingly moronic response was from one jackass who responded: This is a fair system that always rewards those who work hard.
A veteran police detective took home more than $403,000 in earnings last year, topping the list of Boston's highest-paid employees in 2016, newly released city payroll data show.
Detective Waiman Lee had earnings that included $58,600 in overtime, more than $121,900 for police detail work, and a one-time retroactive check for $92,500 that they received last year after an arbitrator ordered the city to give detectives a hefty pay raise over a six-year period. Their regular pay was about $92,500.
By contrast, their boss, Police Commissioner William B. Evans, was paid $245,300, the records show. Mayor Martin J. Walsh took home $175,000.
Advertisement
In fact, the data show, nearly all of the city government's top 100 wage earners were all members of the Boston Police Department, with 22 members, most of them detectives, taking home more than $300,000 last year.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The data also show that Superintendent Tommy Chang, with total earnings of $271,700 last year, was the highest-paid official not involved in public safety.
Norman Parks, assistant superintendent of highway maintenance in the Public Works Department, topped the list among non-education and non-public safety employees. They earned $194,000, including more than $84,800 in overtime, in 2016, the records show.
Overall, Boston's payroll increased by roughly $73 million from 2015, up about 5 percent to $1.6 billion, said David Sweeney, the city's chief financial officer.
Total overtime costs dipped below $100 million — a 2 percent decline from 2015. Officials credit that to management initiatives aimed at reducing overtime hours.
Advertisement
“The City of Boston has carefully managed our personnel numbers and overtime, consistent with our overall record of responsible fiscal management that secured the highest bond ratings in the city's history,'' Sweeney said in a statement.
The retroactive pay for police detectives and command staff — about $21 million, officials said — covered six years. The detectives got the boost last year after an independent arbitrator ordered the city to give them a nearly 29 percent pay increase to cover a six-year period that spanned July 1, 2010, to June 30, 2016. The city paid up, cutting one-time checks for the detectives.
That meant that, in addition to their base salaries, earnings for overtime, and detail work pay, the detectives got tens of thousands of dollars added to their bottom lines.
Detective Windell C. Josey, the city's second-highest earner last year, was paid $396,300. That included regular pay of about $92,500 plus $89,600 in overtime and a retroactive payment of $100,300.
The third-highest earner, Detective Paul A. Painten, was paid $374,000, which included regular pay plus $82,500 in overtime and $115,700 in retroactive pay. They were followed by Detective Gregory Brown, who got $87,500 in overtime and $134,500 in retroactive pay, along with regular earnings.
Advertisement
In all, more than 500 detectives earned between $200,000 and $300,000, records show.
The city saw an increase of about $3 million in police detail earnings in 2016 over 2015, officials said. But they stressed that details are paid by private companies and not the city.
The records released Monday included more than 17,000 full-time employees at the start of the year. There were roughly 16,900 employees on the city's payroll at the same time in 2016.
Meghan E. Ironscan be reached at meghan.irons@globe.com
Paramount and Permut Presentations have hired Tom Bezcuha to write the English-language remake of “A Matter of Size,” a character-driven sumo wrestling comedy that will be directed by Jon Turteltaub (“Last Vegas”), TheWrap has learned.
A representative for Paramount did not immediately respond to TheWrap's request for comment.
David Permut (“Face/Off”) will produce with Carol Baum (“Father of the Bride”) and Howard Rosenman (“Buffy the Vampire Slayer”).
Also Read: ‘Last Vegas' Becomes CBS Films' Highest-Grossing Movie Ever
Story follows four overweight friends who get fed up with dieting and decide to start a sumo wrestling team, which helps them learn to love themselves.
While no actors have thrown their weight behind the project yet, several stars have shown an appetite for the material.
Sharon Maymon and Erez Tadmor directed the original 2009 film, which was a huge hit in Israel. Paramount started developing the project in January 2012.
Turteltaub directed the “National Treasure” movies and just scored a hit with “Last Vegas,” which has more than doubled its production budget at the domestic box office.
Also Read: ‘August: Osage County's' Tracy Letts in Talks to Write DreamWorks' ‘Grapes of Wrath' (Exclusive)
Bezucha made their feature debut with the indie “Big Eden” before graduating to Fox 2000's holiday comedy “The Family Stone,” which starred Diane Keaton and Rachel McAdams. They recently co-wrote and directed the Selena Gomez-Cory Monteith movie “Monte Carlo.”
Bezucha has also been developing an adaptation of “Other People's Love Letters” with CBS Films and producer Laurence Mark. He's represented by WME.
The CIA is planting web beacons inside Microsoft Word documents to track whistleblowers, journalists and informants, according to WikiLeaks.
Update
WikiLeaks released details on what it said is a Central Intelligence Agency document tracking program called Scribbles, part of the agency's effort to keep tabs on documents leaked to whistleblowers and journalists. Scribbles allegedly embeds a web beacon-style tag into watermarks located on Microsoft Word documents that can report document analytics back to the CIA.
WikiLeaks released information Friday about Scribbles as part of its ongoing Vault 7 Dark Matter release that began last month. Also released is what WikiLeaks said is Scribbles' source code.
A user manual describing Scribbles said the tool can be used to generate batch copies of identical or unique files, each with distinctive watermarks that includes a web beacon-like tag. A web beacon (or web bug) is a transparent graphic image that can be used to report back if a document has been opened and the IP address of the computer that requested the image file.
According to WikiLeaks, Scribble works exclusively with Microsoft Office documents. The tool, according to the user guide has been “successfully tested” to work with Microsoft Office 2013 (on Windows 8.1 x64) and Office 97-2016 running on Windows 98 and above.
WikiLeaks' copy of the CIA's Scribbles user manual says the tool will not work on encrypted or password-protected documents. The CIA also warns that if a document with a Scribbles' watermark is opened in an alternative document viewing program, such as OpenOffice or LibreOffice, it may result in revealing watermarks and URLs for the user.
According to the alleged CIA's documentation, the tool is for “pre-generating watermarks and inserting those watermarks into documents that are apparently being stolen by FIO (Foreign Intelligence Officers) actors.”
A CIA spokesperson declined to comment on this latest WikiLeaks release. Instead, the CIA reiterated a statement to Threatpost it made on March 8 regarding the initial Vault 7 dump by WikiLeaks.
“We have no comment on the authenticity of purported intelligence documents released by Wikileaks or on the status of any investigation into the source of the documents. However, there are several critical points we would like to make. CIA's mission is to aggressively collect foreign intelligence overseas to protect America from terrorists, hostile nation states and other adversaries. It is CIA's job to be innovative, cutting-edge, and the first line of defense in protecting this country from enemies abroad. America deserves nothing less. It is also important to note that CIA is legally prohibited from conducting electronic surveillance targeting individuals here at home, including our fellow Americans, and CIA does not do so. CIA's activities are subject to rigorous oversight to ensure that they comply fully with U.S. law and the Constitution.”
A Microsoft spokesperson told Threatpost, by design Microsoft Office supports rich content, including elements loaded from network locations. “Customers using Office 365 or Office 2013 and newer are protected by default, as these documents will open in Protected View, which blocks network access,” the spokesperson said.
According to security expert Udi Yavo, CTO and co-founder of enSilo, Scribbles is taking advantage of a feature in Microsoft Office that allows users to embed remote objects, such as images, in documents. “Similar tracking mechanisms are used by document protection security companies in order to track them,” Yavo said.
They said Scribbles and similar tools such as web beacons are used by organizations to determine questions like: Did the document leak? Where was it opened? Who was the owner of the document that was opened? When was it opened?
Similar digital rights management products are sold commercially by firms like IntraLinks, which sells a tool called DocTrack, a file tracking service that gathers document analytics. Inserting web beacons into Word documents was also a technique described by the Privacy Foundation at the University of Denver Sturm College of Law in 2000. With the release of Office 2016 Microsoft introduced Data Loss Protection, a tool to prevent data leakage and manage file permissions. The tool offered admins the ability to track some document usage.
WikiLeaks contends Scribbles is intended for use against “insiders, whistleblowers, journalists or others.”
“Regarding privacy concerns, I don't see here a major concern, since we are dealing with internal classified documents – they should be protected from data leakage,” said Omer Schneider, CEO of CyberX.
However, Schneider and Yavo point out remote objects features in Office documents have been leveraged in several Office document based attacks. “Sandworm leveraged this feature, as did the latest major Office vulnerability (CVE-2017-0199) with HTA files,” Schneider said.
(This article was updated 4/29/2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET to include Microsoft's response to Threatpost's request for comment)
Photo via Flickr user Brett Neilson
During an April 3 Senate subcommittee meeting on the Drug Enforcement Administration's budget, Michele Leonhart, the head of the DEA, reaffirmed their commitment to stopping the movement for legal marijuana from going any further—and their commitment to using any excuse they can possibly find to justify their agency's existence.
Leonhart has previously trashed their boss Barack Obama for letting Colorado and Washington state proceed with selling pot for recreational purposes. They also took issue with Obama's line about pot being no worse than alcohol (an accurate thing to say, though it rings hypocritical given the ongoing war on drugs their administration is fighting).
But at last week's hearing, Leonhart upped their game and verbally wrung their hands about an odd victim of the war on drugs: dogs. Yes, as USA Today cautioned in March, dogs can get sick and even die if they consume marijuana edibles. Dogs can also die from eating chocolate or getting hit by cars or getting shot by police officers, yet we never hear any noise about banning those things. Leonhart's won't-someone-PLEASE-think-of-the-fluffy-puppies plea makes it seem as if they truly are running on empty, argument-wise.
But she's not done, nor is the rest of the DEA. Leonart and their agents were not disheartened by the legalization of weed in Colorado and Washington state. “Actually, it makes us fight harder,” they said at the hearing, before fretting that parents would be teaching their teens that pot isn't so bad.
According to any poll you look at, Leonart and company's winners-don't-use-drugs, just-say-no rigidity is on the way out—when it comes to marijuana, at least. But until the DEA goes away, until its budget is $0 and not $2 billion, the war on drugs will still be raging. There is no reforming the DEA: Anything good it has ever done happened by accident or can be accomplished by the FBI or other law enforcement agencies. It needs to go, and it should take its ridiculous drug-warrior mentality with it.
Now on the bad cops of the week:
–A Philadelphia cop turned themselves in to police on April 3 to face charges stemming from an October 20 incident in which they allegedly hit a pedestrian with their car, then waved their gun and screamed slurs at him. Officer Edward Sawicki was driving around off-duty at 2:45 AM on the night in question when they backed into a 37-year-old man, hitting them in the knee. The man smacked Sawicki's car, and (according to the district attorney) Sawicki proceeded to jump out of the vehicle, scream, “Nigger, I'll smoke you," and show off their gun. After the man called the police, Sawicki was suspended for 30 days and their firearm was taken away, and the police chief planned to fire him. He's now being charged with making terroristic threats, simple assault, possession of an instrument of crime, harassment, and disorderly conduct. Sawicki and another officer are also the subject of a lawsuit filed by a man who says that in January 2012 the two cops beat and Tasered him, then hit them with their patrol car when they tried to run away.
–On April 2, a Park Forest, Illinois, police officer was charged with reckless conduct over their actions during a confrontation that ended with the death of a 95-year-old man. Last July, Craig Taylor and some other cops were called to Victory Centre nursing home after the senior citizen, John Wrana, became combative and tried to refuse medical treatment. Even though they were a frail man who needed a walker or a cane to get around, the cops were apparently threatened by Wrana—they even mistook the cane they were brandishing for a machete. The nursing home staff said they offered to help calm Wrana, but instead the man was Tasered, to no effect. Then Taylor fired five beanbag rounds at Wrana's chest from about eight feet away, even though these rounds are supposed to be fired from a distance of at least 15 to 20 feet. Another officer knocked Wrana to the floor with their riot shield and the old man subsequently died at the hospital from blunt trauma. Prosecutors say that police did not adequately consider less violent means of quelling the cane-clutching WWII veteran before they used the rounds. Taylor faces up to three years in prison, but they may just get probation.
–If you think that the FBI's monitoring and harassment of left-wing activists is a relic of the COINTELPRO days, it's worth reading Charles Davis's recent VICE piece about how the Feds went after some Midwestern socialists just a few years ago.
–A Henry County, Georgia, 11-year-old had a gun pulled on them by a cop after neighbors complained that they and their fellow fifth-graders were endangering themselves and other people by building a treehouse. Sometime last week a neighbor in Omari Grant's subdivision called Henry County police when they saw Grant and friends sawing off tree limbs in order to build a fort. One of the two as-yet-unnamed officers came on the scene and pulled a gun on the pack of tweens, frightening Grant, who said the cop also used profanity when speaking to the kids and made them lie on the ground, after which they were eventually all walked home by officers. The husband of the neighbor who called police was shocked by the treatment the kids received, and after the incident, Grant's mother filed an excessive force complaint. Yet another reason to never call the cops unless your life is in danger—you never know what's going to happen when they show up.
–On Thursday, a Baltimore school was locked down for four hours after students confused a college student with a tripod for a gunman. Students in KIPP Harmony Academy and KIPP Ujima Village Academy were put on lockdown at 9 AM, and Baltimore Police Department SWAT teams searched the building shared by the schools until they found the journalism student from the University of Maryland whose camera equipment had caused all the commotion. Caution might be better than Columbine-style negligence, but this sounds awfully paranoid.
–Readers who recall Deming, New Mexico, police officers' propensity for repeated, baseless cavity searches may be pleased to learn that, thanks to the Pentagon's 1033 Program, as of last week the Deming cops have a new $700,000, 12-man armored personnel carrier they got for free because it was military surplus. They earned it!
–Our Good Cop of the Week is the female military police officer who confronted the Fort Hood shooter, Ivan Lopez, without backup present. Lopez shot themselves after the MP officer held them at gunpoint and “engaged.” There would likely be a few more dead soldiers if she* hadn't been so quick and brave.
Lucy Steigerwald is a freelance writer and photographer. Read their blog here and follow them on Twitter.
*Update 4/8: Article has been changed to correct a typo that resulted in us accidentally calling Ivan Lopez "quick and brave."
US and Russian presidents hold first known phone conversation since missile strikes last month, addressing question of safe zones and ‘eradicating terrorism'
Donald Trump had a “very good” conversation with Vladimir Putin, the Russian president, about a diplomatic resolution to the Syrian civil war, including the creation of safe zones, the White House said on Tuesday.
The two leaders held their first known phone discussion since last month's US missile strikes against a Syrian government airbase soured relations between Washington and Moscow.
“President Trump and President Putin agreed that the suffering in Syria has gone on for far too long and that all parties must do all they can to end the violence,” a White House statement said. “The conversation was a very good one, and included the discussion of safe, or de-escalation, zones to achieve lasting peace for humanitarian and many other reasons.”
The US said it would be sending a representative to ceasefire talks in Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan, on Wednesday. Trump and Putin also discussed cooperation to “eradicate terrorism” throughout the Middle East and how best to resolve the “very dangerous” situation in North Korea.
A Kremlin readout of the phone call said Trump and Putin had focused on the “possibility of coordinating Russian and US actions for the fight against international terrorism in the context of the Syria crisis” and agreed to work to establish a real ceasefire there.
As for North Korea, Putin called for “restraint and lowering the level of tension” on the Korean peninsula.
The readout also laid a timeline for the long awaited face-to-face meeting between Trump and Putin, who had voiced admiration for each other before tensions rose last month.
The two leaders “spoke out … in favour of organising a personal meeting in connection with the session of the Group of 20 summits in Hamburg on 7-8 July”.
Putin's spokesperson previously suggested the pair could meet on the sidelines of the summit, but there had been no concrete agreement on this.
Trump faced domestic criticism over what they did not talk about in Tuesday's phone call. Adrienne Watson, the deputy communications director of the Democratic National Committee, said: “Trump's bromance with Putin appears to be back on track. Instead of sending Putin a tough message on backing Assad's brutal regime, Trump appears to be opting for a strategy of appeasement.
“Just days ago, Trump once again cast doubt on whether Russia attacked our democracy. With no apparent talk of Russia's abysmal record on human rights, no clear message on Assad's future in Syria, and no condemnation of Russia's continued aggression in Ukraine, it's clear that ultimately, Putin is getting what they want from Trump.”
How to stop Donald Trump from embracing strongman Rodrigo Duterte | Michael H Fuchs Read more
The US president is already facing criticism for expressing admiration for authoritarian figures. They have praised Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt, congratulated Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of Turkey on a controversial referendum win, described North Korea's Kim Jong-un as a “pretty smart cookie” and invited Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines to the White House.
Trump and Putin have spoken twice since the US president took office in January, including early last month following an attack in St Petersburg.
But the relationship suffered a setback when Trump ordered missile strikes against Syrian government targets in early April after the regime used chemical weapons in a deadly attack on civilians. Russia condemned the intervention.
Trump – who spent months saying they hoped to “get along” with Putin – declared that relations between America and Russia “may be at an all-time low”. Tillerson and the UN ambassador, Nikki Haley, also spoke out against Moscow's role in supporting Syria's president, Bashar Assad.
Days later, however, Trump expressed hope on Twitter that “things will work out fine” with Russia and “everyone will come to their senses”.
The FBI and two congressional committees are investigating whether Trump's campaign coordinated with Russia as it meddled in last year's presidential election. Trump has vigorously denied any improper ties to Moscow, calling the Russian investigations a “hoax”.
Over the weekend they retreated from their earlier acceptance of the intelligence community's finding that Russia was responsible for hacking senior Democrats' emails.
Asked whether they believed that Russians tried to meddle in the election, they told CBS's Face the Nation: “That, I don't know. I don't know.” The president said “it's very hard” to say who was behind a hack without catching the hacker “in the act”.
“With that being said, I'll go along with Russia,” Trump said. “Could've been China, could've been a lot of different groups.”
Meanwhile, two US Senators known for their tough stand on Russia have urged their colleagues to enforce comprehensive sanctions in response to its involvement in the election. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said in a joint statement: “Now is not the time to send a signal to Russia that all is forgotten or forgiven.”
We know that our cell phones aren't always good for us. Tech neck, sleep disturbances, eye strain — all actual health concerns. And of course, not cleaning phone screens can lead to serious clogged pores, as well as cheek and chin acne. But the light your phone emits can also affect your skin. Letting there be light can lead to letting there be hyperpigmentation in the form of melasma. Melasma — brown or gray patches on the skin — can be caused by sun exposure and hormones (from pregnancy or birth control). Women who tan easily or who have naturally brown skin ( Fitzpatrick skin types IV and V) are predisposed to melasma and, thus, more likely to be affected by those triggers. But new research now indicates that indoor activities can also lead to this common skin condition. Get this — all light is suspect, from light bulbs (seriously) to the screen on your phone and computer. Weirdly, though visible light is used for the treatment of skin issues and aesthetic conditions in the form of lasers, intense pulsed light, and photodynamic therapy, it can also lead to causation of these issues, as well. That means visible light sources could be the next vilified thing (take a break, dairy) with regard to your skin.“In the last decade we have realized that sun and the birth control pill are not the only melasma culprits,” says dermatologist Mona Gohara, MD. “Research has shown that the visible light from computers, cell phones, and light bulbs can be sources, as well.” As Dr. Gohara explains, these light sources act similar to the sun in that they trigger the skin to produce excess pigment. “That's why sometimes patients don't get better with just standard sunscreen — the other sources continue to tax the skin,” they note.While UV radiation gets all the press, the visible light part of the spectrum had not been thoroughly investigated until recently. In this study from 2015, research showed that multiple exposures with visible light — defined in this case as non-UV light — resulted in darker pigmentation that was more apparent and long-lasting the more frequently that area was exposed. So holding that phone against your cheek for an hour while you talk to your BFF each night could possibly lead to a patch of melasma in that area. A 2008 review concluded that there are three different stages of pigmentation: immediate pigment darkening (IPD), persistent pigment darkening (PPD), and delayed tanning (DT). According to the review, IPD appears immediately on the skin but fades anywhere from two to 20 minutes. PPD, which involves higher radiation wavelengths, creates pigmentation that fades between two and 20 hours. Both IPD and PPD are simply affecting your existing melanin. DT, which appears days after exposure, creates new melanin. Seemal Desai, MD , notes that direct UV exposure is much more dangerous than visible light, which is why many people often think they only need to wear sunscreen while outdoors. “Remember, melasma is a chronic disease,” Desai notes. “Just like psoriasis can be controlled and managed, so can melasma, but it can also come back with a vengeance. This could be a lifelong struggle,” they explain.Are you turning down your screen brightness to barely visible levels? Take a minute and digest that your breakthrough of incandescence is also potentially affecting your skin pigmentation — "Quicker than a ray of light," to quote Madonna.Fortunately, there's a light (heh) at the end of the tunnel. According to Dr. Gohara, physical blocking agents (such as titanium dioxide and zinc oxide) can block all kinds of light, however it's iron oxide that's the real power player in the fight against photodamage.Iron oxides are compounds that are used as coloring agents in some cosmetics, as well as a metal polish called jewelers' rouge. You know iron oxide in its crude form as rust. Products containing this ingredient are “great to have on hand as easy-to-apply barriers against the [light] demons lurking in your office,” Dr. Gohara says.Dr. Desai adds that iron oxide-spiked sunscreens are key to skin protection, but “the problem is that this ingredient is not very cosmetically elegant and, therefore, it's not available in lots of products.” Newer formulations, which combine sunscreen and moisturizing products, are on the way, they note.What about the melasma or pigmentation you've already racked up? Dr. Desai says that the most effective lightening agents are those that block the enzyme tyrosinase, “the key enzyme in the skin cells that creates melanin.” The most common prescription ingredient is hydroquinone, which they prescribe in 4% or 6% dosing, but if you don't have a derm or can't afford a prescription, Dr. Desai says that 2% is available in some products over the counter. They also like natural lightening agents like ascorbic acid, kojic acid, and arbutin. Dr. Tanya Kormeili adds that ingredients like azelaic acid, glycolic acid, salicylic acid, lactic acid, licorice, kojic acid, and various other botanicals may also help reduce less-severe pigmentation. Combining products containing these ingredients with prescription ingredients, such as hydroquinone in medical-grade concentrations, can help remove the pigment from the skin, Kormeili says. They add, “Chemical peels can help further reduce the amount of pigment already deposited in the skin.” Just be sure to check with your doctor about which ingredients are safe to use with your prescription creams in order to avoid irritation or a skin reaction.Now that you know what can cause it, keep clicking for some iron oxide-infused products to keep handy for those marathon phone sessions or late nights spent staring at your laptop.
In 1965, in a nation torn by racial strife, President Johnson signed an executive order mandating nondiscrimination in employment by government contractors. Now, as President Obama has observed, the nation is divided by a different threat: widening income inequality. They could respond much as Mr. Johnson did — with an executive order aimed, this time, at raising the pay of millions of poorly paid employees of government contractors.
Recent studies have shown how hundreds of billions of dollars in federal contracts, grants, loans, concessions and property leases currently flow to companies that pay low wages and provide few if any benefits, even as executive pay among federal contractors has risen. In effect, tax dollars are being used to fuel the low-wage economy and, in the process, worsen inequality.
This research has been underscored by a recent complaint filed with the Labor Department by Good Jobs Nation, a group representing low-wage workers employed under federal concession agreements. The complaint alleges that food franchises operating at federal buildings in the District of Columbia have ignored minimum-wage and overtime laws. The group has also organized walkouts by low-wage workers of vendors licensed to operate at Smithsonian museums, actions that have dovetailed with recent walkouts by fast-food workers around the nation.
Many laws and executive actions, mostly from the 1930s and 1960s, require fair pay for employees of federal contractors. But over time, those protections have been eroded by special-interest exemptions, complex contracting processes and lax enforcement. A new executive order could ensure that the awarding of contracts is based on the quality of jobs created, challenging the notion that the best contractor is the one with the lowest labor costs.
Sungrown Future
The future of cannabis cultivation is bright. The long-awaited legalization of cultivating this contentious genus represents a new era of commercial Cannabis cultivation, marking the advent of one of the most significant social shifts of our generation. The gravity of specialized teams being able to legally grow Cannabis in quality-controlled environments; while extracting data, honing operations, and analyzing new cultivation strategies at the forefront of agricultural science, has not yet set in for the average Cannabis user. This plant, and it's place in society, is on a path of radical change over the next 10 years.
Cannabis production has traditionally been undertaken largely indoors in North America. As much as 3% of the State of California's energy usage, for instance, is attributed to indoor Cannabis production. Understandably, it is far easier to keep black market production covert in a bunker than in a glass box. The problem with indoor cultivation at a commercial scale, however, lies in two core deficiencies:
The conditions of indoor operations are less than ideal for cultivating plants. The cost of indoor production is not environmentally nor economically sustainable.
At Tantalus Labs we fight for the idea that modern Greenhouse technology is the future. We believe that Greenhouses will push commercial indoor Cannabis cultivation into obsolescence; ultimately forcing indoor and black market production into technology-driven, legitimate, Sungrown systems.
What Do Plants Need to Grow?
Plants need light, water, and nutrients. Evolving the way nature delivers these three inputs is what 10,000 years of agriculture boil down to. The ability to manipulate an environment to achieve higher productivities or more robust plant health is both a science and an art. The process of designing, testing, revising, and analyzing systems tailored to particular plants has spawned countless branches of science and engineering.
Modern greenhouse technology enables systems that hone the cultivation environment in an optimal way. For critical factors such as light penetration, humidity minimization, and environmental monitoring, there is simply no better system than a high-tech Greenhouse. We grow and evolve as a species by adapting our environment to meet the needs of our agriculture, and the plants that we nurture grow and evolve as well within the systems that we innovate.
Cannabis, for the first time in modern history, is on the cusp of a dramatic agricultural shift. We have a new opportunity to study it with the added benefit of formalized scientific research and understanding. While this is just a piece of the puzzle in terms of its normalization in our society, the most dramatic evolution will manifest in the plant itself.
What are the Advantages of a Greenhouse?
The core advantage of Greenhouse cultivation is that there is simply no better lighting environment in which to grow plants than Sunlight. Cannabis is a plant with a highly efficient photosynthetic process. It will consume as much light as is available, and convert that light into growth at 60X the speed of a Douglas Fir.
* Based on an estimate of optimal spacing of HID lamps in an environment with no natural light (i.e. warehouse etc.) Light Integral data from Fisher, P and Runkle E (eds) 2004
Humidity Minimization
Humidity is the primary enemy of the Cannabis grower looking to avoid mould and disease. Mould is a common adulterant in black market and commercial Cannabis alike, and the more humid the environment, the greater the mould risk. The way that we at Tantalus Labs accomplish humidity minimization is largely through facility design. A central galley way divides the greenhouse facility in two. The galley way functions as a space for work and logistics, but it also serves as a substantial air intake for supplying each bay of the greenhouses on either side.
Air cooled by specialized pads is pulled through the length of the greenhouse via (6) 18in HAF fans. These fans move an ocean of air, beginning above the plant canopy and eventually through it on the back end toward the rear of the greenhouse. Here is located another set of electronic dampers and two 48in exhaust fans mounted just above crop height. Each are rated at ~27,000 Cubic Feet per Minute (CFM) for a total of ~54,000 CFM per bay. This exhaust air is then dumped into an odor filtration bay, scrubbed, and exhausted into the atmosphere.
Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning (HVAC) only systems function differently, and CFM is much lower. In a top of the line HVAC environment, the range of 15-1800 CFM would be likely. Compare this to Tantalus' 54,000 CFM. HVAC necessitates a system of supply and return air ducts to feed Air Conditioning units and fans, moving the cooled air around.
Environmental Control
Modern Greenhouses enable the tightest degree of environmental control in agriculture. Systems monitor and record data on a range of granular environmental parameters, from temperature and humidity all the way to soil pH and CO2 levels. These sensors signal mechanical changes when parameters fall outside of optimal ranges. For instance, if the Greenhouse gets too hot, the system will automatically vent through cooling pads, keeping the cultivation environment at the ideal temperature to allow plants to thrive.
Data Gathering
The same sensors that trigger environmental adjustments in Greenhouse record data. This data helps growers better understand the relationships between the environment and trends in productivity, plant health, and potency. Tantalus Labs uses this data in predictive models, helping us refine our practices and learn more about what our plants need to thrive.
What is the cost of indoor cannabis production?
That's equal to...
20 Trillion Watt hours
OR
OR
3 Million American Homes
The carbon costs are...
Greenhouse cultivation uses up to 90% less electricity than indoor
Greenhouses provide a more ideal environment than indoor growops. We believe the result is Cannabis that has been more effectively nurtured than in an alternative style of cultivation system. The latent effect of the Greenhouse is an energy footprint substantially lower than indoor production. It is time to bring the production of this critical plant out of the shadows and into the light.
Thanks to okcannabis.org for providing many of the statistics in this article.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 25, 2014, 4:47 PM GMT / Updated May 25, 2014, 5:16 PM GMT / Source: Associated Press
TEHRAN, Iran — A billionaire business person at the heart of a $2.6 billion state bank scam in Iran, the largest fraud case since the country's 1979 Islamic Revolution, was executed Saturday, state television reported.
Authorities put Mahafarid Amir Khosravi, also known as Amir Mansour Aria, to death at Evin prison, just north of the capital, Tehran, the TV reported. The report said the execution came after Iran's Supreme Court upheld their death sentence.
Khosravi's lawyer, Gholam Ali Riahi, was quoted by news website khabaronline.ir as saying that the death sentence was carried out without them being given any notice. Death sentences in Iran are usually carried out by hanging.
"I had not been informed about the execution of my client," Riahi said. "All the assets of my client are at the disposal of the prosecutor's office."
State officials did not immediately comment on Riahi's claim.
The fraud involved using forged documents to get credit at one of Iran's top financial institutions, Bank Saderat, to purchase assets including state-owned companies like major steel producer Khuzestan Steel Co.
Khosravi's business empire included more than 35 companies from mineral water production to a football club and meat imports from Brazil. According to Iranian media reports, the bank fraud began in 2007.
A total of 39 defendants were convicted in the case. Four received death sentences, two got life sentences and the rest received sentences of up to 25 years in prison.
The trials raised questions about corruption at senior levels in Iran's tightly controlled economy during the administration of former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
— The Associated Press
Get the Recipe Watermelon, Feta, and Mint Salad
Easiest Summer Ever Quick and simple summer recipes. No shoes required.
I know, I know. Yet another watermelon, feta, and mint salad recipe. Do we need one? Honestly, not really, but I've got a good reason for sharing one with you today. In many ways, the watermelon, feta, and mint salad resembles a classic Caprese—both juxtapose a sweet, watery fruit with a single herb and a creamy cheese (mild in one case, sharp in the other). The main difference is that, while it's easy (and all too common) to get overzealous and f*&k up a Caprese salad, a watermelon, mint, and feta salad is much more forgiving when it comes to riffing and improvising.
But before you can do that, it's important to lay the foundation.
Every long-lasting, well-liked dish (or TV show or song or actor, or anything, really) goes through a few distinct phases: its creation, its initial burst of popularity, the backlash, and finally its acceptance into the cultural lexicon. I have no idea when and where the watermelon, feta, and mint salad was created (Google Trends data seem to suggest the summer of 2004), but it was well into its initial phase of popularity when I first encountered it at a restaurant I worked at back in 2005.
There, we'd serve a carefully spaced array of a half dozen perfect cubes of watermelon in a simple lemony dressing, topped with crumbles of creamy feta cheese and a chiffonade of mint. Of course, we'd also over-gussy the plate (as was the style at the time) with lychees, brûléed muskmelon, and probably a half dozen other components that escape me at the moment.
Since then, watermelon and feta salads with mint have had their moment of backlash and have since progressed to become a staple summertime dish at my place (and, no doubt, at many of your places as well), and I've learned a few things when adapting that recipe for home use. One: You can get rid of pretty much all of the extraneous ingredients. Two: The quality of the watermelon and, more critically, the feta is of utmost importance. And three: A little zest goes a long way.
The Melon
Just as the first step to pouring a great glass of wine is finding a great wine, the first step to a great watermelon salad is finding a great watermelon. When my wife, Adri, and I lived in Harlem, I bought my watermelons from my watermelon guy, an older gentleman who'd park their pickup on a corner, its cargo bed overflowing with watermelons he'd shipped up from their family farm in Georgia. He'd set up a folding chair under a small tent and man a turkey fryer rigged to boil peanuts, looking up occasionally to inform their customers that, yes, all they were selling today was peanuts, watermelons, smoked turkey necks, and collard greens.
Their watermelons were remarkable. Dense, richly colored, deeply aromatic, and sweet. A far cry from the average watery, bland supermarket watermelon. I've yet to find my watermelon guy in my current home in California, but there are still ways to locate decent specimens. The best method by far is to hit your local farmers market in the summer, and look for vendors with opened watermelons who will let you take a taste before you purchase.
Is the supermarket your only option? Here are a few tips to help make the best of it:
Look for watermelons that feel relatively heavy for their size. Watermelons that grow too fast or big can end up with hollow cracks and crevices, making them feel lighter. These watermelons typically also have a more watered-down flavor. Dense watermelons should taste sweeter and have a better aroma.
Look for melons that show signs of a clean break at the stem. Watermelons, like all fruit, are attached at one end to their parent plants. When they reach peak ripeness, the stem will often automatically detach, leaving a clean crater behind. When the melons are picked less ripe, the stem often refuses to break free cleanly, leaving behind part or all of itself at the attachment site. This doesn't mean all watermelons with some stem attached won't be good—many still are—but a clean stem crater is generally a very good sign.
Rap the watermelon with your knuckles. Watermelons that sound very hollow...probably are. Avoid 'em.
Look for smaller varieties. Smaller melon varieties often (but not always) have more concentrated flavor.
I like to keep things simple for the diner by dicing the watermelon into bite-size cubes, rather than the cheffy-looking slabs, stacks, or rounds that seem to be popular and require the use of an extra utensil at the dinner table.
The Feta
After the watermelon, the quality of the feta is the most variable factor. I bought every type of feta available at my local Safeway and Whole Foods to see how much variation there really is. Turns out, there's a lot.
Feta is a fresh cheese that's made by soaking pressed curds in a salty brine. The bottom-shelf brands, made with cow's milk, generally emphasize the brine flavor over anything else. They tend to have a very dry, crumbly texture, and saltiness without much tang. What you really want to look for is sheep's-milk feta, whether domestic or imported from Greece or Bulgaria,* which should have a much creamier texture and a flavor that balances saltiness with the characteristic funk of sheep's milk. That creaminess is important! It's what gives you a texture that contrasts with the crisp watermelon, making it taste all the more refreshing.
* Technically, Bulgarian feta is called sirene; it can have a slightly creamier texture than Greek feta, but there's a lot of variation among products, so it's difficult to generalize.
The Zest
Once you have a good watermelon and good feta, you're almost done here! All you've got to do is toss that watermelon with some lemon juice, extra-virgin olive oil, and chopped mint, then sprinkle it with feta, and you'll have yourself a great little salad. But if you want to really dress that salad up, just remember that you're not fully dressed till you're zestfully dressed.
Given that it seems so obvious, it took me an awfully long time to figure out that chopped lemon zest was just what my watermelon, feta, and mint salad was looking for.
At that same restaurant, back in 2005, one of my daily jobs for the first several months I worked there was to zest citrus fruit and chop it into a fine powder. I'd zest strips off the fruit with a peeler, carefully scrape off and discard the pith, then rock my knife back and forth for a good 30 minutes.** The resulting citrus dust was used as a condiment for numerous dishes.
** A few weeks into this task, I realized that I could speed it up by taping together three knives parallel to each other and rocking them all together.
For my salad, I'm not going to demand that anyone chop their zest that fine. In fact, I prefer the moister texture and small bursts of flavor that you get from zest that's finely chopped, but not totally pulverized.
A little bit tossed into the bowl and sprinkled on top of the finished salad not only adds a lemony flavor of its own, but also brings out the floral notes in the watermelon and the tanginess of the feta, making each of those ingredients almost taste more of itself.
The only remaining question is how to incorporate the feta. Some recipes I've seen advise adding everything to a bowl and tossing it all together. I find that doing this—especially with a high-quality, soft-and-creamy feta—results in the feta dominating the entire dish, coating the watermelon with its saltiness. Instead, I prefer to sprinkle feta over the dressed watermelon just before serving, giving you more contrast within each bite.
Oh, right, back to the leading question. Do we really need another watermelon, feta, and mint salad recipe? Like I said, not really. I could just tell you, "Hey, follow your favorite existing watermelon, feta, and mint salad recipe, but you know what? Try springing for that nicer watermelon, look for the sheep's-milk feta, and make sure you add a bunch of lemon zest!", and you'd probably do just fine.
Once you get that base perfected, that's when you can start adding a few bits of this and that if you desire. Try some fresh arugula leaves or some cubed cucumbers, halved cherry tomatoes, thinly sliced red onion, and a few small slivers of black olive. Or how about some thinly sliced chili peppers for heat? I really like a version I've made a few times with grilled (and chilled) corn, along with some cilantro chopped together with the mint.
What the heck. Here's my recipe for you anyway.
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
RIYADH, April 29 (Reuters) - The world's longest serving foreign minister, Saudi Arabia's Prince Saud al-Faisal, was replaced on Wednesday after 40 years representing the conservative Islamic kingdom, as Riyadh faces a period of unprecedented regional crisis.
Their departure comes as the world's top oil exporter attempts to navigate regional turmoil caused by the 2011 “Arab Spring”, set against the backdrop of an overarching rivalry with Iran and bumps in its alliance with Washington.
Although foreign policy in the monarchy is ultimately determined by the king, Prince Saud has played an important role in shaping the country's response to the many crises affecting the Middle East.
Their successor, former Washington ambassador Adel al-Jubeir, will inherit a heavy workload that has represented situation normal for a Saudi foreign minister since Prince Saud was appointed in October 1975.
Their tenure included Israeli invasions of Lebanon in 1978, 1982 and 2006, the Palestinian intifadas that erupted in 1987 and 2000, Iraq invading Iran in 1980 and Kuwait in 1990, and a U.S.-led coalition's occupation of Iraq in 2003.
Despite the tumult of that history, they leaf the Arab world in a more parlous state than at any point in recent decades, with civil war in Syria and Iraq, chaos in Yemen and Libya and an uncertain political transition in Egypt.
Equally at home in Arab robes or tweed suit and tie and as fluent in English as in Arabic, Prince Saud has proved adept at cutting through flowery diplomatic niceties to deliver Saudi Arabia's message with pith and wit.
During a moment of tension in Saudi ties with its main ally the United States in 2004, they described the relationship as “a Muslim marriage” in which the kingdom could retain different wives if it treated them all with fairness.
Even in recent years, when a chronic back complaint and other maladies have made their hands appear shaky and their speech slurred during public appearances, they retained a knack for mental acuity.
Tentatively asked in early 2012 if they thought it was a good idea to arm Syria's rebels, they briskly retorted: “I think it's an excellent idea.”
Prince Saud, a son of King Faisal, was born in 1940 in the mountain city of Taif near Mecca where, in 1989, they helped Saudi Arabia negotiate the agreement that ended Lebanon's 15-year civil war.
A degree at Princeton in the 1960s was followed by years at the Petroleum Ministry, where they were taken under the wing of their father's political alter ego, the canny and charismatic oil minister Ahmed Zaki Yamani.
Their career as a diplomat began with trauma: the new King Khaled named them as foreign minister because of the assassination of Prince Saud's father Faisal, who had retained the foreign affairs portfolio after being made king in 1962.
For all their talents as a diplomat, however, Prince Saud has failed to build the kingdom's foreign ministry into a body with great institutional depth.
Diplomats in Riyadh have said Saudi foreign policy is like a searchlight: capable of intense focus only on the one area where the king and Prince Saud were most interested, but unable to follow up when attention shifted elsewhere.
COMPLICATED HISTORY
When they were appointed in March 1975, the region was dominated by Cold War rivalries and secular, pan-Arab nationalism seemed to carry the promise of the future.
Egypt and Israel had not yet made peace, Yasser Arafat led the Palestine Liberation Organisation from shell-pocked refugee camps in Lebanon, Iran's shah ruled from their Peacock Throne and, in Iraq, a young Saddam Hussein was plotting their path to power.
Riyadh's relationship with Saddam, which went from wary support during the Iran-Iraq war to fierce enmity after the invasion of Kuwait, dominated long periods of Saudi foreign policy during Prince Saud's tenure.
However, despite that complicated history, Prince Saud publicly argued against the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003, presciently fearing a chaotic aftermath that could destabilise the region.
“If change of regime comes with the destruction of Iraq, then you are solving one problem and creating five more problems,” they said in a British television interview.
In a sprawling ruling clan prone to clique-building, Prince Saud proved one of the closest allies of the late King Abdullah.
When Abdullah, then crown prince, embarked on their trademark set of economic reforms in 2000, it was Prince Saud, drawing on their oil ministry experience, who worked with them to offer foreign energy firms access to Saudi gas fields.
Two years later, they pushed Abdullah's biggest foreign policy initiative, an Arab plan for peace with Israel in return for a withdrawal from all occupied land and a resolution of the refugee problem, with similar gusto.
“All the neighbourhood, if you will, will be at peace with Israel, will recognise their right to exist. If this doesn't provide security of Israel, I assure you the muzzle of a gun is not going to provide that security,” they said at the time.
Israel never agreed to the plan and Prince Saud has frequently spoken of the failure to help create a Palestinian state as the biggest disappointment of their career. (Editing by Alex Richardson)
It's been a long time coming. Even after dedicating my entire life to music, performing in hundreds of live shows, and writing over a thousand original songs in a wide array of genres, I am yet to have one finalized studio album. But in all honesty, I've been waiting for the right music and the right time. It's important to me that the music is something that people can really appreciate, that the style of music on the album is consistent, and that there would be absolutely no filler material whatsoever. I've had the opportunity to perform these songs in a wide array of places including overseas in Shanghai, China and Frankfurt, Germany. From the audience's enthusiastic responses to the material, it's clear to me that my tireless work has paid off and the time and the music is finally here. Of course, this style of music is in no way mainstream, and even if it was, with the state of the music industry it would be nearly impossible to get the financial backing of a record label. Thankfully I live in the greatest time in history to be a musician, the age of the Internet! With your support, we can make this dream a reality and create an album as the first complete product of all of my hard work these many years. One of my favorite parts about it, is that these songs will finally be able to be heard the way that they were meant to be, in a pristine mastered final product. And if we can raise enough and get the word out there, we can reach out beyond the genre and put Neo-Classical music in the spotlight. This will allow the style to get more of the attention it deserves, and hopefully take a step in the direction of getting all of the incredibly talented Neo-Classical musicians on tour to share their amazing music with the world. Of course this is an expensive venture, so I've carefully figured out a few different ways to do it that would fit different price brackets.
Initial Goal - $5,000 - Full Album Digital Release:
The initial $5,000 would allow me to finish recording all of the tracks for the album, have them sent off to be professionally mastered and then to be released on the online digital market. I would only be able to do a limited run of the physical copies in this price bracket, mostly focusing on the rewards for pledgers. Of course this includes all applicable fees to Kickstarter and Amazon. Unfortunately, $5,000 doesn't go very far in the production of a studio album, but I have done the math and I can definitely make it work.
Stretch Goal 1 - $7,500 - Full Album Digital/Physical Release:
Here we can also do a full print of physical CD's, and hire an artist to do original album artwork. This will also allow me to do a very small online promotional campaign for the album to get the word out. It may not seem like a huge difference from the first goal, but it is. Physical CD's would make it possible to release the album in the proper way. Among other benefits and the fact that this will help me realize a childhood dream (fingers crossed!), I will be able to solicit record stores and online retailers to carry the album,.
Stretch Goal 2 - $10,000 - Full Release and Promotional Campaign:
At this bracket we would not only be releasing a professionally mastered full length studio album on the digital and physical markets with original artwork, but we will be able to do a full online promotional campaign. I can hire a marketing professional to work closely with, to put together a cost-effective promotional campaign. Producing an album is great, but the amount of albums that have been produced only to sit on the shelves and never get heard is staggering. The promotional campaign is key in getting the word out there so that the music can be heard. There are a lot of loud voices out there, and it's pretty tough to be heard unless you have a little bit of money to spend. But more importantly, this would be a big step in putting Neo-Classical music in the spotlight and would help not just my own campaign and career but other Neo-Classical guitarists and musicians as well. Getting the word out means that new listeners of all ages will be exposed to the genre for the first time. Once they are hooked, they will want more! And so their own search, and that of the friends they share it with, will begin.
Stretch Goal 3 - $20,000+ - Full Release, Promo, and Tour.
A full release of the album and a U.S. tour to promote it. This would allow me to hire a tour manager, and set up a tour of performances around the country. At this level, it really depends on how much we raise to how big the tour can be. More money, will mean more shows and better venues. It will also mean better promotion which means bigger audiences and turn outs. Again, this would spread the word about Neo-Classical music to new listeners. And most importantly, I can bring in other up and coming Neo-Classical artists to open for the show in their respective hometowns. Hopefully creating a bigger audience for them to play to on a regular basis.
Stretch Goal 4 - $75,000+ - Full Release, Promo, and World Tour.
This is the Holy Grail to me. This is something that I have been working towards since childhood. A full length studio album, released in the right way with distribution and a world tour to promote it. If we could do this, it would be a huge step for all instrumental guitarists of the genre. This style of music has a solid following in the U.S., but nothing like it does in other nations around the world. By achieving this goal, we would make news by bringing Neo-Classical into the global spotlight. This would be a major victory both for Neo-Classical and instrumental musicians alike. This would also allow me to hire a talent scout to find local up and coming Neo-Classical players in the tour stops around the world to open for the show. Bringing more Neo-Classical and instrumental musicians like myself into the spotlight. [Musicians who have pledged to any tier $300 and above will be looked at first as potential opening acts. Just let me know that you are a musician and that you are interested.] This may be a long shot, but if we can rally up Neo-Classical/Instrumental guitarists, musicians, and fans together we could make it happen! Let's let the world know that Neo-Classical and modern instrumental music are forces to be reckoned with!
And now for some video game metal!:
Closing:
I'd like to personally thank you for checking out my Kickstarter campaign. I'm not going to lie and say that without pledges my dream will not be able to come true. The truth is, I have committed myself wholly to it and, barring an unforeseen tragedy, I plan to eventually achieve these goals one way or another. However, this will allow me to get things started and make it much more possible for me to make an impact. Even more than that, your pledge will show me that you believe in what I'm doing which means more to me than anything else. It is a difficult path to walk alone, year after year, and any support means the world to me. You have my promise that I will never give up and I will always strive to better myself as a musician and put my heart and soul into everything that I do. And your pledge will allow me to share it with the world.
Dan
The inventor of 'The Liberator' plastic firearm believes in an open future and the 'complete explosion' of all gun law
Cody Wilson is a polite, 25-year-old law student at the University of Texas in Austin, with dark, close-cropped hair and a forward, affable charm. This week they plan to release the blueprint for a gun that can be downloaded from the internet and produced using a 3D printer.
They and their friends have spent almost a year developing the Liberator, a "Wiki weapon" that can be assembled from components made on an $8,000 (£5,150) printer that they bought on eBay. Using files shared online, the machine creates the solid parts from layers of plastic.
Wilson's group, Defense Distributed, thinks everyone should have access to a gun and is working to make it possible through Defcad.org, a depository for weapons designs. It was set up in December after its files were removed from another site following the Sandy Hook elementary school shootings. In March, Wilson was issued a federal firearms licence, allowing them to make guns legally.
"I come from a typical middle class family, for the United States in the south: religious parents, conservative values, though we didn't own a lot of firearms," they say. "We had one shotgun that we never really used."
The Liberator, Wilson's 3D-printable gun
Despite buying a shotgun shortly after turning 21, Wilson says it was their studies, first as an English literature major, then as a law student, that started their interest in the politics of weapons ownership. "I read [19th-century French anarchist theorist Pierre-Joseph] Proudhon," they say, "I like Jean Baudrillard. I like their critiques of mass culture."
They admit that, given current technology, printing a gun is the least effective way of obtaining a firearm, and that it is easier to simply fashion a gun from the contents of any hardware store.
Yet they half hope, half believes that soon, thanks to the convergence of file-sharing and 3D printing, there will come about "a complete explosion of all available gun laws. I think we should be allowed to own automatic weapons; we should have the right to own all the terrible implements of war, as [American political philosopher] Tench Coxe said, and I think this principle probably applies globally."
A self-described child of the internet age, Wilson is an admirer of Julian Assange and Kim Dotcom. "I number myself among them, at least in spirit," they say. "I think the future is openness to the point of the eradication of government. The state shouldn't have a monopoly on violence; governments should live in fear of their citizenry."
Their ambitions don't stop at firearms. Ultimately, they want to turn Defcad into "the world's first unblockable open-source search engine for all 3D printable parts", a Pirate Bay-style archive not only for printable pistols, but for everything from prosthetic limbs to drugs and birth-control devices.
James Graham Ballard was born on November 15, 1930 in Shanghai, where their British family had moved because of their father's job.
When Japan declared war on the U.S.A. its army occupied Shanghai's international settlement and at the beginning of 1943 the Ballard family was interned in a concentration camp where they lived untile the end of World War II.
In 1946 their mother went back to England with J.G. and their sister but after a couple of years they moved again to China and their husband with their daughter leaving their son to the care of their grandparents.
In 1949 J.G. Ballard decided to study medicine with the intention of becoming a psychiatrist and at the university they started their first literary experiments. After some time Ballard realized they wanted to be a writer so they decided to leave their studies. They tried to sell their stories but without success and, after trying various jobs to earn their living, they joined the RAF.
For their service Ballard was sent to Canada, where they discovered science fiction and started writing that kind of stories.
In 1954 Ballard left the RAF and went back to England. In 1955 they married and in 1956 there was the birth of their first child and the first publication of one of their science fiction stories.
During the following years Ballard worked for various magazines and in 1962 their first novel was published, “The Wind from Nowhere”, which is also their first one with a catastrophic subject. In that moment Ballard became a full time writer.
The publication of their article “Which Way to Inner Space” on the magazine “New Worlds” marked the birth of the British New Wave science fiction literary movement. The base topic of this movement is the inner space with great attention to psychic pulsions.
Ballard's fame grew up in 1962 with the publication of their second novel, “The Drowned World”.
In 1964 Ballard's wife died from pneumonia, leaving a deep wound in their life and three children to raise: even if later they found a new partner they never remarried.
To complete the catastrophic quadrilogy, during the following years Ballard published the novels “The Burning World” (also known as “The Drought”) and “The Crystal World”.
During the years Ballard wrote various stories they included in their collection “The Atrocity Exhibition”, considered their masterpiece but also their most controversial work for the sexual topics included.
One of the “The Atrocity Exhibition” chapters was titled “Crash!” and Ballard developed the subject of car crashes as a source of sexual perversion in a novel with the same title published in 1973. David Cronenberg directed a movie adapted from this novel in 1996.
Ballard kept on writing science fiction but in 1984 they published “Empire of the Sun”, a novel with a strong autobiographic component as it's based on their war experience in Shanghai. The novel became a best-seller and was adapted into a movie directed by Steven Spielberg in 1987 with a brief appearance by Ballard himself.
Ballard went on alternating their efforts among the various literary genres but in 2006 they were diagnosed a prostate cancer they died from on April 19, 2009.
For Ballard science fiction and literature in general is a tool to analyze possible dystopic evolutions of progress that human beings are incapable of handling in a positive way so that it leads to destruction. The psycological component is always very important so the catastrophe present in various forms in so many Ballard stories symbolically mirrors a psychic disaster for a single chacacter or the whole human kind.
Frustration among Starbucks workers who say their hours and pay have been slashed took an ugly turn this week as it spilled awkwardly onto forums at Reddit used by employees to “venti” about the coffee giant.
You might recall this summer's controversy, as workers complained that labor cutbacks left many scrambling for hours. Some baristas said shifts were cut to 4 or 5 hours, which still required an hour's commute. An online petition got 7,000 signatures (now 17,000) and the attention of headquarters in Seattle, which promised changes.
This week, someone posted a note on Reddit which reminded Starbucks “partners” that working at the chain is a “privilege,” and urged them to put a happy face on the situation. It was titled “Why Labor Went Down.” The author claimed to a BS a worker making their or their first Reddit post.
“How can you get more customers in the store, thereby earning your labor,” the post read. “Make every moment right. Smile! Put a little extra into cleaning and doing your tasks…
“It is a privilege …to live a life striving to make others happy…don't abuse that privilege. Thanks for reading fellow partners,” it concluded.
The post was quickly removed, but not before commenters accused Starbucks of “gaslighting,” suggesting the post was written by some in Starbucks corporate office, not a store worker.
“Part of me wishes I would just not have seen it altogether. How humiliating,” wrote one. “I'm sorry Corp, you trained to hire people who THINK. But now you threaten us.”
A Starbucks media relations representative told me the post did not come from the firms' corporate offices.
“There's nothing that we can tell you about the deleted post, as it did not come from us,” said company spokesperson Maggie Jantzen.
It's possible the post post was a “troll” designed to tap into worker frustration; or an attention-getting stunt designed timed for Labor Day weekend. It's probably impossible to determine its origin and real intention. But reaction to it shows Starbucks workers are still plenty frustrated.
Starbucks does occasionally use social media and other tools to communicate with workers, they said, but always identifies itself.
“While we have occasionally responded to our partners (employees) on Reddit, we are transparent when we do so and it is not our primary method of communicating with partners,” they wrote.”We use several channels to engage and respond to our partners including our Partner Hub (an internal company-wide platform) and social channels including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and SnapChat, and direct communications to our stores.”
I did find another instance where it appears Starbucks talks to its workers via Reddit. When a worker complained about lids on cold coffee being clunky, this response was posted:
“Please don't joke about the sourcing of Starbucks products on a public forum like this is (sic) you are a partner. It makes Starbucks as a whole look bad and obviously we don't want that :),” the post says. “Something I like to think about is, “how can I create an inspired moment outside of work?” Ask yourself “am I creating an inspired moment right now? Or am I helping to foster negativity towards a company that is ranked one of the best companies in the world to work for?”Just something to keep in mind! :)”
Whatever is happening at Starbucks, those who are excited about the reappearance of Pumpkin Spice Lattes this week at Starbucks should take a fresh look at the folks who are serving up those pricey drinks. Their situation is complex, and pressures are coming from multiple directions — beginning with higher wages demanded by minimum-wage law changes.
In this summer's petition, a Starbucks barista explains that the popularity of the Starbucks app has cut into worker take-home pay.
“The tip situation has also drastically changed,” they say. “Before the implementation of a Starbucks Reward program (MSR), tips were higher. Now, with a growing percentage and the majority of customers using the app, and their registered cards, tips are in major decline. When you factor that in with actual take home pay, it's a scary place to be.”
The Starbucks app does include an easy way for consumers to tip when the order electronically. And Starbucks is well-known as a chain that treats workers well. It offers health benefits and a generous “free college” program. But the chain is facing myriad pressures: market saturation, minimum wage rate increases are just the beginning.
As it wrestles with keeping consumers happy and workers happy, it's no surprise that frustration would spill out onto the Internet. Whoever wrote the Reddit post, it's degrading tell workers their job is a privilege.
Meanwhile, if you have been converted into a Starbucks app user — 25% of store transactions are now digital — leave the same tip you did when paying in cash. It's easy to forget when paying so quickly, but the tips really do matter to workers.
If you've read this far, perhaps you'd like to support what I do. That's easy. Sign up for my free email list, or click on an advertisement, or just share the story.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Email
When SCTV gleefully proclaimed each week that it was "on the air," the announcement was greeted with the launching of televisions from apartment windows.
Now another classic Canadian comedy is airing again, but it won't be plasma TVs being chucked out, but computer monitors. The stars of Trailer Park Boys, who portray petty-crook pranksters Ricky, Julian and Bubbles, say they've acquired the rights to the hoser-happy mockumentary franchise, which they'll bring to their own Internet channel, SwearNet.com.
So, apparently not only can you not take the trailer park out of the boy, you can't take the boy out of the trailer park. Robb Wells, John Paul Tremblay and Mike Smith (who insist on touring and conducting press interviews in character) take the "mobile" out of mobile homes and stubbornly won't let go of their roles.
Story continues below advertisement
Creator Mike Clattenburg shut the showdown in 2008, but it now appears it will take a tornado to force these fellows to move on from trashy Sunnyvale.
"Snow Plow" Game
December 12, 1982
The Snowplow Game took place against the Miami Dolphins at the old Schaefer Stadium in Foxboro. During the game, the stadium's snowplow operator cleared a spot on the snowy field in order for New England kicker John Smith to kick the winning field goal to give the Patriots a 3–0 win.
The Astroturf surface of the field had been waterlogged the night before due to heavy rain, and froze over before the game began. Shortly after the game began, it began to snow heavily. For this game, officials could call for a time-out, and allow the ground crew to use a snowplow to clear the yard markers.
With just 4:45 left to go in the scoreless game, Patriots coach Ron Meyer ordered a snowplow operator to clear a spot on the field for placekicker John Smith. Instead of plowing straight across the field, the plow turned left, directly in front of the goal post, giving Smith a clear advantage. Miami coach Don Shula vehemently protested but the field goal was good and the Patriots won the game with a final score of 3–0.
The following year, the NFL banned the use of snowplows on the field during a game.
The plow itself now hangs from the ceiling at an exhibit marking the event at Gillette Stadium.
IMAGE VIA Patriots.com
Jurgen Klinsmann is a tough cat to understand sometimes, but their comments prior to the U.S. men's national team game with Switzerland shed a little light for me. Whenever FOX Sports' Rob Stone asked a question about the team, Klinsmann put the emphasis on the players. They never mentioned team goals. Rather, they kept referring to the players, suggesting that ‘the players have the opportunity' and ‘it's a big time in their careers.' It annoyed me.
That doesn't answer the question, Jurgen. Why are you putting the weight on the players here? You're always criticizing the players. They asked about the TEAM. How are you going to prepare the TEAM? You're the man in charge.
It seemed they were missing the boat.
And then I remembered back to one of the first conversations I had in a European locker room. I had been there for a week on loan from my Major League Soccer team. I started talking to a guy in a nearby locker about their career. They said they didn't want to be with the club long; they were going to move on to a bigger club soon. It seemed a strange thing to tell a teammate.
I realized Klinsmann wasn't shirking responsibility in the interview. They were making a statement that reflects their view of the game, and it's something I think we've failed to understand about the coach: the European football culture where Klinsmann was raised revolves around individual ambition. Personal success means more than team accomplishments.
It's a funny feeling around a European locker room. Everyone is happy to be on the team, but everybody also wants to be on a different one. A lot of the players have one foot out the door as soon as they step in. If a European player could pick between a trophy at the end of the season and moving on to a bigger club, they would choose the move. And it's all perfectly accepted. It's a strange way to conduct a team. (I can't imagine what it's like to play for a feeder club like Ajax, where not a single person really wants to be on that team.)
Every player in Europe has a small sense they will someday end up in Manchester United red. Seventy-five thousand fans, Champions League, multi-million dollar deals all feel within your reach.
In MLS, the ceiling seems so low. The league office won't sell you; it has no incentive to. You work hard to get some playing time and then become a starter. Hopefully the team rewards you with a new contract, but it's not likely. They pat themselves on the back for getting a good deal within the salary cap. They tell you to sacrifice for the team. You chug along.
In Europe, the sky's the limit. It's an incredible feeling. It only takes one game or one good run for someone to spot you. The next morning your club sells you to pay the electric bill. You move up a step in a matter of days.
It changes the way you see the game. Winning isn't the be-all and end-all. You don't play to win the game (sorry, Herm). You play because you're personally ambitious. Ambition drives performance. And if everyone plays well, then the team wins the game. That drive, that ambition, that personal selfishness helps players, and the team, perform.
This is strange to Americans. We hate to think anyone is playing for himself. We loath selfish players. And that's one of our disconnects with Klinsmann. Klinsmann doesn't view it as selfish. They see it as natural, if not necessary.
The way you talk about the team doing well is to talk about the players playing well. All of a sudden ‘the players have the opportunity' makes a lot more sense. It's the individual's drive that moves the team forward.
But players still need a direction and game plan, neither of which Klinsmann seems to provide. Emphasis on a player's individual ambition aside, at some point coaching needs to be done.
Klinsmann has a general view of the team that we don't seem to like. Some wise person in history surely said that hatred is fueled by ignorance – and seeing Klinsmann through this European lens at least helps us understand the man a little more. But who knows, maybe that understanding simply gives a little more merit to the hatred.
Klinsmann grew up in a sporting model different than the one touted in the United States. I don't think it explains everything, but it explains a little.
Presenting a bottle of wine for a table the first few times can be scary, anything unfamiliar or not yet a habit can be a little shaky. But, you'll become a pro, I'll see to that! There are a few steps that you must follow to make sure that you are doing everything correctly. Get these down, understand them and you on your way to living up to your bad-ass potential.
Want to learn about Champagne? Want to take Champagne quiz? iamWaitress is here for you!
Stand to the right of guest and show the host the bottle; read *him the vintage, the producer, the varietal and where it came from. Here is your 2007 Duckhorn Merlot from Napa Valley.
The reason this step is important is to communicate with the customer so mistakes will be prevented. If you state all of these facts to your customer and they approve the wine, there will be much less room for them disagreeing with the bottle after it is opened. Example “I didn't want the Duckhorn, I wanted the Paraduxx.” Maybe they did but they approved the Duckhorn. With that being said, it is your job to present the bottle of wine that they ordered. If they said Paraduxx and you bring them Duckhorn, you are naughty.
If you ever have a chance to taste Duckhorn or Paraduxx, I suggest it; they are delicious. (In my opinion.)
Remove foil, pocket it. Remove cork and present it to the person who has ordered the wine, either stain up or stain away. Put the cork on something, not just the table.
By doing this you are allowing the host to inspect the cork for flaws. The cork itself witll not tell if a wine is bad but it will give possible red flags to be weary of, such as a ribbon of wine running from the bottom of the cork to the top, dryness throughout, dry at the bottom of the cork or if the producers name on the cork does not match the actual wine.
How Many Bottles Of Wine Have You Opened in Your Career? Less than 10
10-100
100-500
Over 500 View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
Once the cork is presented you will pour about one ounce for the host to smell and taste.
This is the real opportunity for the host to know if the wine is “corked” or “off”. They will be smelling the wine to make sure that there is fruit in the aroma. If it smells flat, like newspaper, vinegar or wet dog things are not looking good. They will also taste to confirm what their nose has told him. Often times, smelling the wine is all that is necessary.
All About Wine Corks from iamWaitress on Vimeo.
After the host has accepted the bottle you will pour the wine for all guests.
Be aware of how many people you will be pouring for. That bottle of wine needs to be poured for everyone, including the host, leaving some to spare in the bottle.
Make sure you go around the table in a clockwise fashion, passing the host.
Start with the person of honor, regardless of their gender.
If there is no person of honor, continue your clockwise loop and pour for all woman at the table.
Make another clockwise trip around and pour for all of the men.
Finish with the host.
Make sure there is a little wine left in the bottle. The reason for this is to not give the impression that you are pressuring them to order another bottle. They will delegate where the last pour goes and then they can choose to order another bottle or not.
If there are 8 or more people at a table then you do not have to pour for the woman first but you still must go clockwise and end with the host leaving a little wine to spare in the bottle.
Ask permission from host to remove the cork from the table.
Any unnecessary clutter on the table should be removed for basic table maintenance. If the host wants to keep the cork, then move it to a part of the table so everyone on the service team knows that the cork is to stay on the table. This prevents your fellow bad-ass servers or managers from seeing the cork on the table and asking the host if they want it there. This is just a way of communicating with your team without speaking.
Opening wine for a table will become second nature to you, I promise. Every time you open a bottle, every time you pour, things will get easier. Enjoy the process.
How To Open A Bottle Of Wine For A Table from iamWaitress on Vimeo.
Are kids raised in religious households more selfish than their nonreligious counterparts? Olga Bogatyrenko/Shutterstock
Some religious people say religion is what makes people moral. Studies show that religious people are more likely to be civically engaged, make ethical decisions, and give to charitable organizations than those who don't identify with a religion. In its most positive form, religion can serve as a strong moral framework, instilling ethical values in people through stories, texts, and rituals. From a more cynical perspective, if God is watching, you might be more inclined to do the right thing.
On the other hand, plenty of people say that's poppycock. Aside from the high levels of religious violence or intolerance in the world, many studies find no relationship between religion and morality. Others report that non-religious people behave more ethically than their religious peers, making decisions that are more motivated by compassion and exhibiting lower levels of racism. So who's right?
A new study from the University of Chicago claims to show that religion does not necessarily provide the foundation for more moral beings. For the study, published on Thursday in the journal Current Biology, researchers surveyed more than 1,000 kids across six countries. They found that those raised in religious households were actually more selfish than their nonreligious counterparts. These findings “contradict the common-sense and popular assumption that children from religious households are more altruistic and kind toward others,” the authors write. “More generally, they call into question whether religion is vital for moral development.”
The study took the form of a thought experiment. First, children aged 5 to 12 in the United States, Canada, South Africa, Turkey, Jordan, or China were each given 30 stickers and told to choose their 10 favorite ones. Those 10 were theirs to keep, they were told. Then, the children were given the option to give some of their stickers away to other children who had not been given any stickers. Regardless of the children's country of origin, age, and other factors, researchers found that children raised in nonreligious households gave away more stickers to their stickerless peers. Religious children exhibited “significantly less sharing,” according to the paper. Those little misers.
The vast majority of religiously raised children in this study came from Christian or Muslim households; a smaller number grew up in households that were Jewish, Buddhist, Hindu, or another faith. The researchers found no difference in generosity between the children raised Christian and those raised Muslim. (There weren't enough children of other faiths for a statistical comparison.)
Sharing stickers is a small thing, of course, but the researchers concluded that nonreligious households were better at fostering a sense of generosity and altruism in their kids. But why? It might be that nonreligious households encouraged children to use reason and logic to form moral conclusions, rather than laws and codes. “If you cannot rely on stories, tales and supernatural beings to teach and guide moral behavior, what's left is rational reasoning,” says lead researcher Jean Decety, a professor in the department of psychology at the University of Chicago currently on sabbatical in South Africa.
Additionally, the paper notes, Christianity tends to separate actions into right and wrong, with no shades of gray in between. While this binary worldview can provide a useful moral reference point, it fails to offer guidance when it comes to tackling the subtle, complex, and entirely less obvious ethical dilemmas that make up our everyday lives.
The study's findings bode well for our future as America becomes less religious, says Decety, who plans to expand the work with additional children in 14 countries: Canada, China, Cuba, Colombia, Argentina, Chile, South Africa, Turkey, Jordan, Taiwan, Tanzania, Ethiopia, and Mexico. According to him, the findings support the idea that religion today is less central in helping people form a moral framework. Instead, people may be drawing moral guidance from a variety of sources outside of religion, including philosophy, history, politics, and other secular communities or ideas. In the paper, they and their co-authors also point out that democratic countries with the lowest levels of religion also have among the lowest violent crime rates and highest levels of well-being, including the Netherlands, Sweden, Denmark, Japan, Belgium, and New Zealand.
The real reason for these somewhat counterintuitive conclusions may be more mundane, says Jonathan Hill, a sociologist at Calvin College who has studied religious giving. When most people are asked to make an ethical decision—say, whether to give money to charity—they don't immediately think “what would God want me to do?” Instead, they rely more on automatic habits. “One mistake we make is thinking that there's a one-to-one correspondence between our beliefs, and what we end up doing,” says Hill. “It can be far more important the habits people get into than what they claim to believe.”
This kind of study may have other limitations as well. For instance, it focused on young children, who “aren't really the best test case to understand the relationship between religion and generosity,” according to Christian Smith, a sociologist at the University of Notre Dame and the author of The Paradox of Generosity. “What we really want to know about is when people have been more fully formed, as teenagers, young adults, and full adults.”
Perhaps the thing to take away from this is that studies that tout the moral authority of a certain community should be taken with a grain of salt. Or, more biblically: Judge not, lest ye be judged.
Over the years, Leonard Nimoy, who portrayed Mr. Spock on "Star Trek" television series and in the movies, made several appearances in Western Massachusetts.
Nimoy, who died on Friday, appeared at the United Fan Con science fiction convention in Springfield in 2005, and has seen their photography exhibited at the R. Michelson Galleries in Northampton as well as at MassMoCa in North Adams.
Here are excerpts of interviews Nimoy did with The Republican over the past decade:
April 25, 2004: Actor sees God in female form
Leonard Nimoy has made the trek from the black void of outer space to the darkroom of photography. Some 20 prints by the Boston native go on display Saturday in a month-long exhibit at R. Michelson Galleries in Northampton. An artist reception is scheduled at noon May 2. Celebrity photography can be dull but "Star Trek's" Mr. Spock has produced sensual religious images that have elicited praise from reviewers and harsh criticism from Jewish conservatives. "Being known in one area of the arts and wanting to move into another is complicated. In a certain way, you get attention because of who you are, but you also get a certain amount of resistance . . .," Nimoy said in a telephone interview from their Los Angeles home. "Not long ago some of my work was submitted to one of the major art magazines and they said, 'We don't publish work by celebrities,'" they recalled. "I do get calls when somebody is doing an article about actors who shoot pictures. I say, 'That's not who I am. I don't want to be in that department.' But it's part of the game and I have to accept that." The 73-year-old Nimoy said their interest in photography began at age 13. They used their family's apartment bathroom as a darkroom. "A neighborhood kid showed me how to develop a roll of film and I got hooked," they said. "You could buy a roll of film for 20 cents. You could buy chemicals for 15 cents and develop your own film and make prints. I was fascinated." Nimoy was also drawn to acting and made their big-screen debut in 1951. After starring in "Star Trek" and "Mission Impossible," Nimoy studied photography in the early 1970s at the University of California at Los Angeles. Nimoy considered, but ultimately rejected, a career as a commercial photographer. "I followed commercial photographers around on their work. Rather quickly I came to realize I didn't want to do what they were doing, which is sort of photography on demand . . . I didn't want to do that kind of work, Sears catalog wardrobe stuff. I wanted to do what is referred to as fine-art photography, which is personal statement photography. "I decided to stick with my day job," they added. That day job included stage and film roles, various big-screen treatments of "Star Trek," and directing such feature films as "Three Men and a Baby" and "The Good Mother." Several years ago, Nimoy drifted away from acting and directing and began to concentrate on photography. Nimoy was working on female figures when they decided to explore Shekhina, the feminine presence of God. Their interest was sparked by a conversation with a rabbi. Nimoy recounted how as an 8-year-old in an Orthodox family they peeked during a ritual blessing when the congregation was told to cover its eyes. They watched the kohanim, members of priestly tribe, bless the congregation with arms outstretched and fingers spread - a gesture Nimoy would later adapt as the Vulcan salute on "Star Trek." "There were five or six of them in front of the congregation chanting and wailing and it was very mystical and theatrical and I was very taken with it," they recalled. Years later, their rabbi explained to them that Jews are told to cover their eyes during the blessing because legend has it that when Shekhina enters the synagogue, it could overwhelm those viewing it. "I became fascinated with the idea of doing a photographic essay on that subject," they said. Not everyone was fascinated. Nimoy's Shekhina series features nude and semi-nude women, some covered with a tallit, or prayer shawl. The photographs were featured in a 2002 monograph published by Umbrage Editions. It prompted outrage in some quarters, including sharp criticism from Rabbi Steven Dworken, executive vice president of the Rabbinical Council of America. They called Nimoy's work "offensive and religiously insensitive." "(Critics complained) it was immodest to show women nude or semi-nude, particularly wearing traditional prayer materials. Those were the voiced concerns," Nimoy said. "What is underlying this, in my opinion, is chauvinism (and) the elitism of the male in the religion. This material I have produced elevates women in the hierarchy of Judaism. You have a woman in power, a woman who is a divinity, and that upsets a lot of people." Nimoy's work comes amid an increased spiritual yearning in a post-Sept. 11 America. "I think we are in chaos. The world is in chaos. People desperately need something to hold on to that has some enduring value. Every day we are being hit with bad news, bad news and bad news. And it's all about killing, maiming, torturing and dismemberment and hanging people and burning them." Nimoy is exploring a possible photographic series on the passage of time in their life. Like Shekhina, this will utilize traditional film. Although they have done some digital photography, Nimoy prefers to process their own images as they did as a teen. They no longer relies on the bathroom for photofinishing. Their home is equipped with two professional darkrooms. When not engaged in photography, Nimoy enjoys what they call their "great life."
November 10, 2005: Nimoy prospers, thanks to Spock
It has been 14 years since Leonard Nimoy last donned the pointy ears, but they know that Mr. Spock will be the topic of conversation Saturday. The "Star Trek" icon is the special guest at United Fan Con, a three-day science fiction convention that kicks off Friday night at the Springfield Marriott. The 74-year-old Boston native has retired from acting and directing. They even turned down a recent offer to act opposite their long-time friend and "Star Trek" castmate William Shatner on "Boston Legal." "I just don't want to go back there again," Nimoy said in a telephone interview from Los Angeles. "Photography is my creative outlet." In recent years, Nimoy has carved out an acclaimed career as a photographer. They and their wife, Susan Bay, head a charitable foundation that assists artists-in-residence. Since March 2004, R. Michelson Galleries in Northampton has exhibited and sold Nimoy's work. On display at United Fan Con will be selections from Nimoy's "Hand Series," "Egg Series," "The Shekhina Project," "Self Portraits" and "Full Body Project." Nimoy will sign autographs and copies of their book, "Shekhina," will be available as well. Nimoy, who studied photography in the early 1970s at the University of California at Los Angeles, said their work is well-known by fans, but they know it will not dominate their appearance at the convention. "It is a 'Star Trek' convention, not a photography convention," they quipped. Nimoy plans to talk about the early days of the cult series, including the failed pilot with Jeffrey Hunter in the lead role, and the program's subsequent three-year run on NBC. "I want to talk about the making of the series, the early stuff and the impact it had on my life," Nimoy said. "Star Trek" was a ratings failure during its original run, but became popular in syndication. It turned into a $1 billion franchise for Paramount Pictures, spawning nine theatrical films, a Saturday morning cartoon series, four spin-off TV series and countless books and toys. Its success has been a double-edged sword for Nimoy. "On the good side, I've never needed to worry about work since 'Star Trek,'" Nimoy said. "I left Boston in 1949 and for 15 years I was always scratching for work." On the negative side, Nimoy found themselves typecast and lost roles because of their identification with the stoic Vulcan science officer. Nimoy moved beyond acting. They directed several films, including "Three Men and A Baby."
October 21, 2007: The photo frontier
Will Hoarders be signed on for another season? Only time will. To test out ratings and viewer interest, Lifetime is expected to air a hoarder Where Are They Now special on June 2. In an interview with Cory Chalmers, they could not provide any details on specific successes or failures that will be highlighted on the update show. They said, “We don't want to ruin any surprises,” but they hope that it can help revive the show.
Hoarders is a guilty pleasure for some viewers. It is almost difficult to look away as the show features people who receive help clearing out massive amounts of clutter and junk and have new hope that they can live a normal life again. There is the disgust factor, which leaves viewers in awe at how people can actually let things get that bad and live in that kind of filth. It elicits an emotional aspect, as well, as it shares the struggles that people have gone through that led them to hoarding in the first place and their troubled relationships that are often rebuilt during the process of the clean-out.
The TV show is a first step in getting people the help they need, but much of the show is about cleaning out the actual clutter and regaining use of the home. What ultimately determines their long-term outcome is the aftercare that takes place. With a 97 percent recidivism rate associated with hoarding, failure is likely without additional support.
“Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) is the only therapy that has been proven beneficial for hoarding behaviors. However, it is important to understand that hoarding is the result of one or more underlying disorders, so if those issues are worked on through therapy, the hoarding tends to decrease by itself,” said Chalmers, who has been regularly featured on the show as a cleanup and hoarding expert. It also helps to have support from family and friends who understand that it is a process and will take time to work through. Hoarding is certainly not cured over the few days that the show covers each person.
For those who wonder how many of the people featured on Hoarders have been able to follow through on aftercare and keep their homes clean, they will finally get the updates. While each episode featured an update on the person featured during that episode and whether they took advantage of the extra help being offered to them, it interests people to know the long-term outcome and how these people fare over time.
Chalmers said that the Hoarders Where Are They Now showing will likely feature a mixed bag of results, to include those who have been successful after the airing of the show and those who still struggle with the illness and have returned to hoarding. “There will always be those that refuse the aftercare provided by the show,” they said. “Unfortunately, this is no different than an alcoholic allowing someone to take their bottle away and thinking they are cured!”
Hoarders are canceled in 2013 after airing for six seasons, but there has been an ongoing effort to revive the show and bring it back to TV. There is a big following for the show because people can either relate on some level or they are drawn to viewing the homes filled with a variety of collectibles, junk and downright nasty stuff. Lifetime recently bought Hoarders. If ratings are high enough for the Hoarders Where Are They Now showing, “there is a very real possibility that they will order another season of Hoarders,” Chalmers said.
By Tracy Rose
Today
RVA News
In Texas, Prenuptial Agreements are becoming a very important tool for prospective spouses in the event of future marital problems. With the rise in divorce rates and more boomer/senior remarriages, many people with assets are turning to a marital contract to sidestep a potentially difficult and very expense divorce.
A prenuptial agreement allows prospective spouses to, legally in advance, specifically define rights and obligations to each other and further allows spouses to decide their future marital property rights with relativity minimal judicial actions. A prenuptial agreement, in Texas, can cover any matter except:
Violate public policy or a statute imposing criminal penalties Adversely affect a child's right to support Defraud a creditor
Texas Family Code 4.003(a)(8), (b),4.106(a).
Among the permissible provisions that parties can list in a prenuptial agreement are the following:
Road safety measures for Victoria to be fast-tracked after 'horrific' 24 hours on roads
Updated
New road safety initiatives will be fast-tracked after a devastating 24 hours on Victorian roads, with five people killed in separate accidents.
Key points: Victorian road toll at 204, compared with 171 at the same time in 2015
TAC to put new short-term measures in place
Five die on Victorian roads in 24 hours
Three motorcyclists died and two drivers were killed in Melbourne and in Victoria's north-west in the past 24 hours.
The deaths bring the state's road toll to 204, compared with 171 at the same time last year.
Transport Accident Commission (TAC) chief executive Joe Calafiore said motorcycle fatalities so far this year were already twice the previous year's toll.
"What we are going to be looking at is between now and Christmas, what shorter term initiatives can be pulled forward to see what we can do to accelerate some reductions in road trauma," they said.
"We can be doing so much better than we are doing right now."
Mr Calafiore said it was unacceptable for the road toll to be so high.
"We've had a horrific 24 hours and to be honest we've had a horrific year," they said.
"The levels of road trauma in Victoria now are simply unacceptably too high
Roads Minister Luke Donnellan said people need to be more responsible on the roads.
"We can provide better infrastructure, but if people aren't making the right decisions, we can't cushion them from the effects of death or serious injury," they said.
Of the five deaths, a man died after losing control of their bike on the Calder Freeway near Keilor Park Drive in Melbourne's north-west just after 11:30pm on Friday.
It followed the death of a motorcyclist after a collision with a truck on Warrigal Road in Oakleigh, in Melbourne's south-east five hours earlier.
Another motorcycle fatality occurred in Coolaroo in the city's north earlier in the day.
Meanwhile, a 22-year-old woman died in a crash near Swan Hill in Victoria's north-west at 4:00pm on Friday and another female driver died at Narre Warren in Melbourne's south-east two hours earlier.
Topics: road, accidents, melbourne-3000, narre-warren-3805, keilor-park-3042, swan-hill-3585
First posted
The government's decision to fly two armoured vehicles to India at a cost of more than $1-million for Prime Minister Stephen Harper's state visit last November mystified Indian diplomats, and prominent security analysts here say it reflects a shocking lack of understanding of modern India on the part of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, whom the government says recommended the move.
The Indian government had offered Canada the use of an armoured Mercedes-Benz for Mr. Harper's visit but after a "threat assessment" the RCMP decided it was not sufficient. Canada brought an armoured Cadillac limousine and SUV.
"It's their choice and they are entitled to make a choice – and if it's costly, it's their problem," Syed Akbaruddin, a spokesperson for India's Ministry of External Affairs, said of the Canadian government's decision to use a Canadian Force C-17 Globemaster heavy-lift transport plane to fly the vehicles over for Mr. Harper's four-day visit.
Story continues below advertisement
It is not standard protocol for a visiting leader to bring their or their own vehicle, Mr. Akbaruddin said.
India's President uses an armoured Mercedes-Benz S600 while Prime Minister Manmohan Singh – whose security team receives roughly a dozen serious threats to their personal security each day – uses an armoured 2009 BMW 7 Series for their travel in the country, security sources say. Canada brought an armoured Cadillac limousine and SUV.
"To think that India cannot protect a visiting dignitary is testament to very poor intelligence in Western countries and a failure of comprehension – it's just plain stupid," said Ajai Sahni, executive director of the Institute for Conflict Management in Delhi and a leading expert on terrorism in South Asia. "From a pure security perspective, it's money down the toilet."
When asked about the criticism from Indian security experts and officials, a spokesperson for Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird said Ottawa relied on its own internal assessment of the situation in the country, intimating that India had a unique set of challenges.
"The RCMP makes all operational decisions regarding security requirements," Rick Roth said.
Mr. Roth added that shipping the cars on a commercial flight would have cost twice as much as using the Canadian Forces transport plane. "The cost of this flight was significantly offset by savings achieved by transporting equipment and personnel on the same aircraft."
Defending the decision in parliament, Mr Baird made reference to the fact that India has had two prime ministers assassinated in the past 25 years and faced a major terrorist attack in Mumbai in 2008.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
India's President uses an armoured Mercedes-Benz S600 while Prime Minister Manmohan Singh – whose security team receives roughly a dozen serious threats to their personal security each day – uses an armoured 2009 BMW 7 Series for their travel in the country, security sources say. Canada brought an armoured Cadillac limousine and SUV.
Neither British Prime Minister David Cameron nor Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte, expected here next month, will bring a car, Mr. Akbaruddin predicted. Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard used the Indian Mercedes on their state visit a month before Mr. Harper's.
Indian analysts said Mr. Baird's justification shows an outdated understanding of the country Mr. Harper has repeatedly identified as a priority partner for their government.
Ajai Shukla, a defence analyst it was "logical" for the RCMP to want to do its own, but they questioned its conclusions. The assassinations which Mr. Baird said factored into the security assessment took place "in a different day and age. India is now probably over-protective – today the Indian prime minister is among the most heavily guarded leaders in the world," they said.
Indira Gandhi was assassinated 29 years ago by their bodyguards in a reprisal for their moves against Sikh militants. Those guards had been removed from protecting them on the advice of intelligence agencies, and the Prime Minister themselves reinstated them. Former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi was killed by a Tamil Tigers suicide bomber in 1991 while campaigning for re-election.
Those acts, Mr. Sahni noted, were extraordinary situations.
Story continues below advertisement
"Since then, Indian security for VIPs has been of the highest standards and incidents of breach of VIP security are extremely rare and taken very seriously," said Sushant Singh, a defence policy expert with a think tank called The Takshashila Institution. "To cast aspersions on Indian security agencies and the vehicles they would have offered to Mr. Harper in order to justify the transportation of their own car from Canada is a grossly unfair comment."
No foreign leader has ever been attacked in India.
Mr. Shukla said 10 to 12 serious threats against Prime Minister Singh are received each day and "actioned" and that the same task for which carries out those investigations also handles the security of visiting dignitaries.
"I don't doubt they could look after the Canadian prime minister," Mr. Shukla said.
Mr. Sahni called the invocation of the November, 2008 attacks by Pakistani militants in Mumbai an "absurd" comparison, since those were mounted on unguarded, public places, while Mr. Harper was at all times heavily guarded.
"It's a very paranoid reaction – to spend a million dollars to bring their own vehicle, I find that to be frankly outrageous that they would impose that cost on Canadian taxpayers," added Brahma Chellaney, professor of strategic studies at the Center for Policy Research in New Delhi.
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Harper's visit generated almost no media coverage or public reaction in India, and Prof. Chellaney said they found the RCMP's threat assessment bizarre. "Who would want to assassinate the Canadian prime minister?"
With a file from Daniel Leblanc
When that failed, Philip Morris Asia mounted a challenge in the Singapore-based international court using provisions - known as investor-state dispute settlement - of an obscure Hong Kong-Australia investment treaty. The manufacturer of Marlboro and Longbeach cigarettes wanted the tribunal to order Australia to scrap the laws or to award damages of at least $US4.2 billion. Former Treasurer Wayne Swan: "This thing should never have been in the court in the first place." Credit:Alex Ellinghausen The court dismissed the case in 2015, labelling it an "abuse of rights". Two years later, the court now says Philip Morris must cover Australia's legal costs, plus an undisclosed percentage of the arbitration costs. The company argued Australia's claim for costs was "excessive" given its legal team "consisted primarily of public servants", saying it was well above what was claimed by Canada ($US4.5m) and the United States ($US3m) in similar investment disputes.
But the government argued its claim - which included the cost of its own lawyers, outside counsel, expert reports and witnesses, plus travel and accommodation - was justified, and the court agreed. Australia has had the backing of the World Health Organisation to introduce plain packaging. Credit:Department of Health ​"The Tribunal does not consider that any of these costs claimed by the respondent were unreasonable and should not have been incurred," the court found. "In making this assessment, the tribunal also takes into consideration the significant stakes involved in this dispute in respect of Australia's economic, legal and political framework, and in particular the relevance of the outcome in respect of Australia's policies in matters of public health." The company was also ordered to pay interest, at the current cash rate of 1.5 per cent, between the decision date and the date of full payment.
Former Treasurer Wayne Swan helped draft the plain-packaging laws and was called by Australia to give evidence during secret hearings in 2015. They believe the case cost "around $50 million". "It's good to see that Australia's world-leading legislation was upheld and that the abuse of process by Philip Morris has now resulted in costs going to the Australian government," Mr Swan said on Sunday. "This thing should never have been in the court in the first place." Mr Swan said the case had reinforced their view that investor-state dispute settlement clauses which allow foreign corporations to sue governments for expropriation - and which were recently included in Australia's trade deals with China and Korea - were bad. Loading
The government is yet to comment on the decision to award costs. On its website, the Department of Health says: "The government does not intend to publicly release information concerning the legal costs of defending challenges to tobacco plain packaging." However department secretary Martin Bowles has previously said the figure would be revealed once the case was fully resolved.
Has Fred Durst swapped their nu-metal hat for a jazzy fedora?
Read More: Slayer's Kerry King said Limp Bizkit's ‘90s success made them almost quit music
It was recently revealed that the Limp Bizkit frontman puts on a live jazz night at a magic-themed club called Black Rabbit Rose in Los Angeles. The moniker for the weekly jazz showings? “Fred'z With A Z.”
Fred spoke to LA Weekly about their little known love for jazz.
“I'm a big fan of jazz. I have been for a long time. It's not necessarily something that people who know me from Limp Bizkit know about me personally. It's one of the things I'm really fond of, so I travel around to different spots to hear different players. Some word-of-mouth stuff. Sometimes some older cats.”
Durst further revealed their pro bono proliferation of the jazz genre.
“It's a passion thing. I'm not making one penny. I'm there because I wanna be there. And I love being maybe able to turn some people on to jazz, to the extent of maybe breaking that stereotype of what they might think it is. Some people think jazz is just hearing Frank Sinatra at the Grove or Arnie Morton's.”
Apparently, Limp Bizkit's “Combat Jazz” wasn't just a clever song title.
Watch More: APMAs 2016 Karaoke: MGK performs LIMP BIZKIT – “BREAK STUFF”
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence | Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images | Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Mike Pence to visit Munich, Brussels They will discuss transatlantic ties with European partners.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence will attend the Munich Security Conference and visit Brussels later this month, the White House said in a statement.
Pence met with newly appointed German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel in Washington on Thursday to discuss German-American cooperation. According to the White House readout of the meeting, the leaders agreed on "NATO's centrality in ensuring the security and stability" of Europe and the U.S.
All allies should contribute their "fair share" to collective security by meeting the 2 percent of GDP guideline for military spending, they said, also agreeing that NATO needs to adapt to confront "violent extremism and terrorism."
According to German media, Gabriel broke the ice with Pence by referring to themselves and the vice president as "the new kids on the block."
In Munich and Brussels, Pence plans to speak with European partners "about how to deepen and strengthen" the transatlantic alliance.
The Department of Justice issued a scathing report Wednesday concerning Missouri's Ferguson Police Department, the agency that was cleared in this summer's shooting death of an 18-year-old African-American boy named Michael Brown. The DOJ investigation in the aftermath of the shooting found systematic excessive force and racism—but it also discovered that the police department took a constitutionally suspect hard line against people trying to film officers in the field—all in the name of "officer safety."
One man in a wheelchair filming a protest was arrested, the DOJ report said. Attorney General Eric Holder labeled the DOJ report "searing."
"FPD officers also routinely infringe on the public's First Amendment rights by preventing people from recording their activities," the report said.
The DOJ analysis said "officers claim without any factual support that the use of camera phones endangers officer safety. Sometimes, officers offer no rationale at all. Our conversations with community members and review of FPD records found numerous violations of the right to record police activity."
Further Reading Obama wants to buy 50,000 body cams for police, monitor military gear handouts
The teen's shooting, which was not filmed, prompted months of riots and protests in Ferguson and elsewhere. But it also fostered police departments from across the nation to implement a technological solution to the transparency problem. They began buying up body cameras—a move supported by President Barack Obama and even a presidential advisory task force focused on policing. Ferguson police even began wearing the devices, too.
What's more, Brown's shooting seemingly sparked a public conscience to be more vigilant and film the cops on the street. YouTube has become littered with such videos. And the media, including Ars, is paying closer attention to them.
Even so—and in the aftermath of Brown's shooting—the DOJ report found that the Ferguson Police Department continued to harass onlookers from filming officers on the job—as recently as last month.
... it appears that FPD continues to interfere with individuals' rights to protest and record police activities. On February 9, 2015, several individuals were protesting outside the Ferguson police station on the six-month anniversary of Michael Brown's death. According to protesters, and consistent with several video recordings from that evening, the protesters stood peacefully in the police department's parking lot, on the sidewalks in front of it, and across the street. Video footage shows that two FPD vehicles abruptly accelerated from the parking lot into the street. An officer announced, 'everybody here's going to jail,' causing the protesters to run. Video shows that was one man recorded the police arresting others, they were arrested for interfering with police action. Officers pushed them to the ground, began handcuffing him, and announced, 'stop resisting or you're going to get tased.' It appears from the video, however, that the man was neither interfering nor resisting. A protester in a wheelchair who was live streaming the protest was also arrested. Another officer moved several people with cameras away from the scene of the arrests, warning them against interfering and urging them to back up or else be arrested for Failure to Obey.
Holder, the attorney general, said that a DOJ investigation also concluded that there would be no federal charges levied against Darren Wilson, the officer who shot and killed Brown. The DOJ opened an investigation following local prosecutors' decision not to prosecute Wilson.
"Michael Brown's death, though a tragedy, did not involve prosecutable conduct on the part of Officer Wilson," Holder said.
Ferguson's mayor, James Knowles, said some officers had been fired in the report's aftermath. "We must do better," they said.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption George Osborne 'proud' of what they and Iain Duncan Smith achieved
George Osborne has told MPs they were "sorry" Iain Duncan Smith resigned and was "proud" of their work together.
Defending their handling of the economy ahead of a vote to approve their Budget, the chancellor said Treasury talks with departments had often been "robust".
But where mistakes were made they were ready "to listen and learn", they added.
Labour said Mr Osborne would have to raid the welfare budget further or "ditch" their self-imposed cap on overall benefits spending.
Mr Osborne's Commons performance came after Mr Duncan Smith's post-Budget decision to quit, with a blast at "indefensible" changes to disability benefits.
Mr Osborne confirmed they had dropped planned cuts to Personal Independence Payments (PIPs) and said no further welfare savings were anticipated beyond the £12bn already approved by Parliament towards their target of balancing the books by 2020.
But they came under sustained pressure from Labour to explain how they will cover the £4.4bn gap in the Budget left by the rethink.
Former minister Yvette Cooper said Mr Osborne would either have to backtrack on ring fencing welfare or accept they would breach their self-imposed cap on welfare spending, the total limit on the amount of taxpayers' cash that goes on benefits.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption George Osborne and Yvette Cooper clash in Commons over Budget cuts
"Either they have ripped up their own welfare cap and ditched another big plank of their Budget in just a few days," they said.
"Or they and the work and pensions secretary (Stephen Crabb) have used the most awful weasel words in Parliament and there are still more welfare cuts to come. Either this is chaos or it is a con."
The chancellor told MPs that the disability benefit cuts, likely to have affected up to 640,000 people, did not "command support".
Analysis by the BBC's political editor Laura Kuenssberg
Away from the sound and fury in the Commons this afternoon, and there has been a lot of it, did George Osborne gave even more of a hint that the government is likely to ditch or at least relax the restrictions it has placed on welfare?
Labour backbenchers managed to press them into almost repeating Stephen Crabb's statement a day earlier that the government won't introduce new extra cuts to welfare.
It looks like it will be rather hard for the government to keep its promise to keep welfare spending within its set limits, and the (almost) promise they made this afternoon.
It's clear from the Budget that the government is committed to meet its cap on welfare spending, a total limit on the amount of taxpayers' cash that goes on benefits, by 2020.
It's also clear the government intends to spell out how it will do that this autumn. But when you look at the numbers in the Office for Budget Responsibility's book, it says welfare spending is expected to be more than £3bn over the cap, in 2020.
So if the government really intends to hit the cap they will either have to find more welfare cuts after all, or relax the cap this autumn, or quietly ditch it altogether.
The Treasury and the Department for Work and Pensions are yet to answer this question. But it seems politically impossible to go back for more cuts, politically unlikely that Mr Osborne will ditch their beloved welfare cap, so now, more likely than not, that in the autumn the limit will have to be raised again.
But they said they were "proud" of the government's record, insisting that spending on disability benefits would still be higher in 2020 than it was now and 300,000 people with disabilities had found work in the past couple of years.
Praising Mr Duncan Smith, with whom they are reported to have had a history of disagreements, they said: "I'm sorry that my right honourable friend chose to leave the government and let me here in this House recognise their achievements in helping to make work pay, protecting the vulnerable and breaking the decades old cycle of welfare dependency."
But they rejected their former colleague's charge that the chancellor's fiscal targets risked dividing society and working-age benefit claimants were being unduly penalised by a "desperate search" for savings.
"There is not some inherent conflict between delivering social justice and the savings required to deliver sound public finances," they said. "There are one and same thing. Without some public finances there is no social justice."
BBC political correspondent Tom Bateman
It was clear that the chancellor was opting for spiritual healing rather than keyhole surgery.
Their departed colleague Iain Duncan Smith was praised for having helped to create a fairer society.
The chancellor even dared to reclaim the mantra the former work and pensions secretary questioned in their resignation letter - "we are all in this together" they promised.
It would set the tone for the chancellor's statement, which was more often about the big picture on the economy rather than the fiscal detail.
Read more
In their resignation letter, Mr Duncan Smith said targeting disability benefits at the same time as cutting corporation and capital gains taxes flew in the face of the prime minister's and Mr Osborne's oft-repeated claim that "we are all in this together".
Conservative MPs noisily backed Mr Osborne during the debate although former chancellor Ken Clarke noted Mr Osborne had ruled out rises in income tax, VAT and national insurance and urged them to consider asking better-off pensioners to give up free bus passes and winter fuel allowances.
In response, Mr Osborne said people who had worked hard all their lives deserved a "decent, generous basic state pension and I am not going to take that away".
Shadow chancellor John McDonnell described their opposite number as a "political chancer" while Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said Mr Osborne's reputation was tarnished and they risked damaging the campaign to keep the UK in the EU.
As well as the welfare changes, Downing Street said ministers would also not seek to oppose amendments to scrap the so-called "tampon tax" and an increase in VAT on solar panels.
If architecture is your thing, or maybe you just enjoy having a potter around buildings that don't usually let you in, then the many Open House events happening this weekend might satisfy your yearnings. Not only are iconic buildings hosting special tours, but smaller, private dwellings transformed by ingenious design will also open their doors to the traipsing public.
Have a meta moment and check in to Facebook on Facebook while on a tour of the building's international headquarters at Grand Canal Dock (pre-booking necessary). Frank Gehry is one of America's most famous architects and these offices were designed by their firm in 2014 to reflect Facebook's “open culture”. Note the soaring glass facades which allow us to look into their business, for a change.
On Saturday and Sunday, there will be walking tours of Trinity College, and in Temple Bar, local resident and journalist Frank McDonald will explore the successes and failures of urban regeneration. Leaving from Christchurch, another walking tour will examine the Architectural Legacy of Guinness in Dublin.
If you fancy a nosey around someone's own Grand Design, make like Kevin McCloud and head to 14 Park Terrace in The Coombe or 4 St Declan's Terrace in Marino. There you can cast aspersions on the owners' bold ambitions for light and glass – before making for the Credit Union for a few bob for your own inspired extension.
The 20th century façade of 9/9a Aungier Street reveals nothing of its interior, but step inside and see the remains of a house surviving from 1664 with an original staircase, roof structure, medieval-style timber-framing, and original paint and plaster finishes, which pre-date Georgian Dublin by more than half a century. Or visit a three-room Iveagh Trust Museum Flat on Patrick Street, which was once the 1907 home to the Molloy Family of eight.
So Casino means “small house”? Tell that to De Niro. The architectural masterpiece, the Casino at Marino was designed in 1759 as a garden temple for James Caulfeild, first earl of Charlemont, by renowned architect Sir William Chambers. Inside the 18th-century tardis, marvel at the genius of its 16 rooms, and there will be a geometry workshop exploring the Golden Ratio in nature, art and architecture through the Fibonacci sequence.
Head down towards Phoenix Park and take this opportunity to explore the iconic Criminal Courts of Justice building in its quieter moments when it's emptied of its usual terrifying frequenters: the lawyers.
In modern Dublin, everything is where something else used to be. In 1815, Grangegorman saw the opening of the Richmond Lunatic Asylum. Nowadays, St Brendan's is the smaller psychiatric hospital in its place, and the site is in the throes of redevelopment by DIT Grangegorman, with the winner of Irish Building and Design Award 2016 taking pride of place in the middle of it all. Walking tours will take place over the weekend.
If you want to see Grangegorman from another angle, Home on the Grange is an ongoing public art project which offers a “sauntering” art exhibition and an evening of music and stories through houses, flats and squats of the neighbourhood.
Outside the city centre, dlr Lexicon will be open on Sunday in Dún Laoghaire. Go inside and see how you really feel about the award-winning structure – take in the tall sea window, which offers a portrait view of the sea and passing ships. On Saturday, there will also be a walking tour of Dún Laoghaire Harbour to explore the relationship between architecture and water.
And finally, who doesn't love a big beautiful bridge – in music, metaphor and ordinary life? Starting at the Millennium Bridge, Sunday's two-hour walking tour will take you along the Bridges of the Liffey while your host, former city engineer Michael Phillips, explains the how, when and why of each construction. Feel free to shout “Take it to the bridge, Michael!” whenever there's a lull. (You probably shouldn't.)
- For full details on Open House Dublin 2016, see openhousedublin.com
Did you know that you can find a raid group automatically with the in-game Raid Browser?
Most players are quite familiar with how useful the Dungeon Finder tool can be for finding groups to tackle 5-person dungeons. The Raid Browser is the Dungeon Finder's often-overlooked sibling, and you'll find it waiting patiently in your Social window.
Just open the Social window (default key: “O”) and select the Raid tab, then click “Open Raid Browser.”
You may now choose from a list of raids for which your character is eligible. Check one or more, then click “List My Name” to be placed into the queue for those raids. If you would like to leave a comment for other players to see as they browse players, type it into the field at the bottom of the window and then click “Set Comment.”
To see a list of characters who are currently browsing for raids, choose the “Browse” tab on the bottom of the window. Perhaps you're just the player they're looking for!
We're always on the lookout for useful functions in World of Warcraft that seem overlooked. Do you know of one? Tell us about it in the comments below.
The Snowden revelations made it clear how far GCHQ and other agencies had gone in hoovering up information about all of us, collecting ever-increasing amounts of hay in the search for a handful of needles. What we need is better magnets, not more and more hay.
Many of us hoped that the revelations would lead to efforts to improve both privacy and security. That's why I and others pushed so hard for a full review of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act (Ripa) and all other legislation governing surveillance, and why we demanded more transparency reporting and a new privacy and civil liberties oversight board. GCHQ and the people who work there do an important job, but they let themselves down when they over-reach.
The first article written by the new director of GCHQ, Robert Hannigan, for the FT, is deeply worrying. One might expect Hannigan to begin their new post on a conciliatory note – recognising the need for reform and reaching out to the public. But their article does precisely the opposite. In an extremely controversial piece, they instead blame digital companies such as Twitter, Google and Facebook for the ills of the world. They have chosen to attack people who are rightly concerned about people's civil liberties in this digital age.
No one denies that the work GCHQ does is extremely important. Our intelligence services clearly play a fundamental and crucial role in keeping us safe. But Hannigan's argument contains a number of serious flaws.
To begin with, they blame technology for the fact that groups such as Islamic State (Isis) now use social media and the web to coordinate their terrorist activity. But to blame technology is short-sighted. The nature of technology is that it can be used for productive as well as destructive purposes.
Take the invention of the radio or the telephone. These transformed the nature of communication, allowing people to speak with one another across long distances far more quickly than could have ever been imagined. However, they also meant that those wishing to do us harm, whether petty criminals or terrorists, could communicate with each other much more quickly too. But you wouldn't blame radio or phone manufacturers for allowing criminals to speak to each other any more than you would old Royal Mail responsible for a letter being posted from one criminal to another.
Hannigan's second mistake is in assuming that “security” and “liberty” are fundamentally opposed. They aren't – we can have more of one while also having more of the other. Snowden's revelations showed that intelligence services had created back doors into web providers, and in so doing had made it easier for cybercriminals to hack into these companies' services. They managed to weaken our security as well as invade our privacy – the exact opposite of what we want to see.
Third, Hannigan's article is a simple assault on a handful of tech companies. Their assertion that US tech giants are “the command-and-control networks of choice for terrorists and criminals” is clearly an indication that, if anything, they view these companies as enemies to fight, not organisations to work alongside.
Given that the UK relies on cooperation from these companies – which can and do help out in many instances, such as when there is an immediate threat to life – this approach is deeply counterproductive. Theresa May's proposed communications data bill has already made cooperation less likely, infuriating UK companies that would be required to monitor what we all do on Facebook and Google, for example. GCHQ should be working with these companies, not alienating them.
Finally, Hannigan betrays a lack of consideration for British and global business. One effect of the Snowden revelations is that they threatened to derail consumer confidence in the digital economy. More than 10% of the UK's economy is digital, and nearly all transactions rely on secure online computing. This warrants tight security. Imagine the consequences the day after it is revealed that a back door has allowed all bank transactions to be hacked.
One good point in Hannigan's article is that they recognise the need for a public debate about privacy and security. A great legacy of the Liberal Democrats in government is that we have secured a full review of our surveillance framework, to report a year after the general election. Parliament will then have the opportunity to conduct a full public review into what our laws should look like. The aim should be to come up with a framework that upholds both privacy and security, and we must all make sure that happens.
Perhaps Hannigan should pay heed to one of their predecessors, Sir David Omand, who has written: “Democratic legitimacy demands that where new methods of intelligence-gathering and use are to be introduced, they should be on a firm legal basis and rest on parliamentary and public understanding of what is involved.” They are, of course, absolutely right. Hannigan should listen to that sage advice, rather than tilting at windmills.
Deemo: The Last Recital Coming To North American And European PlayStation Vitas
By Jenni . February 6, 2017 . 5:39pm
Back in 2013, Rayark Games brought Deemo, a rhythm game, to Apple iOS and Android devices. A PlayStation Vita version followed in Japan and Korea in 2015. Now, Acttil and PM Studios will bring Deemo: The Last Recital to North America and Europe in spring 2017. It will be a PlayStation Store exclusive in both regions.
The PlayStation Vita version of Deemo is essentially an ultimate edition of the game. Deemo: The Last Recital has an expanded story with fully animated cutscenes by Comix Wave Films and Ayana Taketatsu, who provided Japanese voice acting for Tama in World of Final Fantasy, as well as Labrys in Persona 4 Arena, Jessica Albert in Dragon Quest VIII and Dragon Quest Heroes, voicing the little girl. This iteration also includes additional songs and cooperative and competitive multiplayer.
Deemo is available on Apple iOS and Android devices. Deemo: The Last Recital is available on PlayStation Vitas in Asia.
Philadelphia Eagles legend Brian Dawkins' official title is listed on the team's website as "Executive / Football Operations." Unofficially, he's also helping coach the defensive backs and linebackers.
"When we finish practice, they come over and gives pointers on tackling drills, how to rush the passer, and playing with good leverage, things like that, that helped them out when they played," said starting safety Rodney McLeod. "It's a different situation when you have a Hall of Famer like Brian Dawkins out here, who's labeled as a scout but has a lot of experience with the game, and is here to help guys out. Obviously, their job is in the scouting department, but now that we're on the field, they help where they think they need to be."
Dawkins has been attending practices, sitting in on film sessions, and coaching players throughout training camp, and Eagles players feel like they have benefited from Dawkins' wisdom, both from a technique and toughness standpoint. The respect that Dawkins garners is obvious.
"He's teaching all those little bitty super super small errors that you're making on the field that they saw when they were playing," said cornerback Jalen Mills. "Coming from a guy like that, at the level they played at each and every week, those little little bitty things they are so monumental to your game and helping you elevate as a player."
"He's the master of being physical," said second-year linebacker Don Cherry. "Obviously everyone knows that he's one of the hardest hitters to ever play the game. He's taught me about getting off blocks, and punishing ball carriers for running into my gap."
Rookie Nate Gerry has attributed some of their ability to transition from safety to linebacker at the pro level to Dawkins' coaching.
"Football is all about technique," said Gerry. " Right now I'm just trying to work on leverage and things like that, and that's one thing that Dawkins has helped me with. Being physical, using my size. I'm not as tall and whatnot, but I have to be able to get lower than the bigger guy."
"He's just always here," said linebacker Kamu Grugier-Hill. "If you ever need me, I'm here. He's always at practice, so we can always go up to him, and say, 'Can you give me some help? What can I do better?' And they take time out of their day to come help us."
Dawkins' coaching is not just limited to younger players. Even an eight-year veteran like Malcolm Jenkins has incorporated Dawkins' teachings into their game.
"He talks about playing downhill, physicality, but there's also a technique to that," said Malcolm Jenkins. "Even myself, when it comes to tackling, not just getting the guy down, but striking somebody, but there's a technique to that, and that's some of the things that he's been pouring in to some of the guys, including myself, little small things that you can add to your game."
Dawkins' official job with the Eagles is in the scouting department. Unofficially, they are taking it upon themselves to do everything they can to help the Eagles win.
Follow Jimmy on Twitter: @JimmyKempski.
Like Jimmy on Facebook.
Like the new PhillyVoice Sports page on Facebook.
New Delhi: When a 25-member Delhi Police team reached Mathura to nab Mohammed Inam on Thursday, it had little idea about the virtual battleground that awaited it. There were residents—almost 500—from two villages to join the goons, armed with AK-47s, carbines, lathis and stones; all ready to attack and chase the police officers away. But the massive shootout that ensued made history of sorts with around 1,000 rounds exchanged between the army of villagers and police.TOI had on Friday reported that the special cell team fired 500 rounds in the operation. And if the count of bullets fired by the villagers, too, is considered, the number stands at 1,000.“Inspector Shiv Kumar's team received a tip-off that Inam was hiding in their maternal uncle's house at Hathiya village in Mewat region. The teams raided the village around 4pm. We were informed that the target and five of their associates were heading to Rajasthan in the Tata Sumo SUV to commit a dacoity. We cornered them and asked them to surrender but they fired on the team forcing it to retaliate in self-defence,” DCP, special cell, Pramod Kushwah said in a statement.“Two semi-automatic 9MM pistols along with 19 live cartridges and one stolen Tata Sumo were seized,” Kushwah added.However, the operation was a close shave for the Delhi police officers as the villagers headed by Mewati goons far outnumbered the team—25 against 500. As soon as they apprehended Inam, villagers gathered and surrounded the team.They cornered and assaulted the police officers with lathis and pelted stones. While many officers sustained injuries and some were hit by bullets on their bullet-proof jackets, the villagers of the two nearby villages also joined the goons. It was then SHO, Barsana, immediately flashed a message to control room, Mathura, and sought re-enforcement.For what seemed like an impossible task, the team, with the help of 25 local police officers soon swelled to 50. And as the tension reached flashpoint, there started a massive shelling. Soon the villagers exhausted their bullets and backed off, with the police returning with their target, Inam who carried a reward of Rs 1 lakh on their head.Inam was a key member of the Mewati gang who had abducted a Gujarati business person in February and demanded Rs 1 crore ransom for their release. The victim was rescued later by the crime branch, and eight members of the gang were arrested. However, Inam, who was absconding, was being trailed by the special cell.
Three days after a The People petition was created calling for FCC Chairman Ajit Pai to resign for their desire to repeal net neutrality, nearly 60,000 people have signed it as of this writing. That means the petition is about 60 percent of the way to its end goal of 100,000— theoretically, the White House would then give an official response.
As the petition's creator, G.S., wrote, “We the people have identified FCC Chairman Ajit Varadaraj Pai as a threat to our freedoms due to their call to repeal Net Neutrality. We passionately call upon the White House for the immediate removal of FCC Chairman Ajit Varadaraj Pai from office for their actions.”
Pai wants the FCC to vote next month on whether to repeal net neutrality, which mandates that internet service providers (ISPs) treat equally all the data that's delivered to customers. Critics of Pai say repealing net neutrality would allow ISPs to slow down or block whatever websites they want and create a tiered payment system that would cost internet users much more money.
But those who favor a free and open internet have pushed back on Pai, and Maine Sen. Susan Collins became the first GOP senator to signal their approval of net neutrality, as their spokesperson said, “Internet providers must not manage their system in an anti-competitive way that limits consumers' choices.”
Of course, the petition is more symbolic than useful. After all, a petition demanding that Trump release their tax returns earlier this year hit 100,000 signatures in less than 24 hours (more than 1.1 million people eventually signed). Trump has not done so. In fact, it doesn't seem as if the administration is responding at all to petitions who reach more than 100,000.
Assuming this Pai petition gets to its goal—it has until Dec. 23 to hit the 100,000 number—it's also doubtful the White House would ask them to quit.
But with the news that the FCC ignored an investigation looking into fake anti-net neutrality comments, at least those who want those rules to remain in place are making their voices heard.
Who is Roy Antigua?
Authorities are not sure what Roy Antigua's intentions were when they found hundreds of ID badges and the uniforms of different federal agencies at their home earlier this month.
That's the question New Port Richey, Fla., Police Chief James Steffens posed to reporters at a news conference Monday.
Are they an officer in the U.S. Coast Guard as they previously claimed? An employee of NASA? Or just an impostor?
Police are trying to figure what Antigua, 52, was doing with hundreds of suspicious items they found during a search of their home after they were arrested earlier this month for an unrelated offense, the Tampa Bay Times reported.
"Is they really a threat or is they someone who is living a very involved fantasy life?" Steffens asked.
During the search police found military, law enforcement and medical ID badges and uniforms from various federal agencies, including U.S. Customs, the Navy, Secret Service, the CIA and Homeland Security.
Watch US News videos on NBCNews.com
Authorities also found military medals, a flight instructor badge and a Boy Scout troop leader uniform, according to the Times.
Ammunition for semiautomatic guns and assault rifles were found but no actual weapons were located.
Also found were medical instruments, a badge saying they were a physician's assistant and a photo showing Antigua holding a newborn while wearing medical scrubs.
According to Florida Department of Health records, Antigua is a licensed respiratory care practitioner.
They reportedly admitted to police to owning the items.
The only true piece of identification found was a card stating Antigua was a member of the volunteer group, Coast Guard Auxiliary in Miami, Steffens said. They were kicked out in 2011 after being arrested for grand theft, according to the Times.
The investigation was triggered after an officer, also a Marine veteran, noticed Antigua's military ID looked fake during an Aug. 1 arrest for driving without a license and violating probation on the grand theft case.
Stay informed with the latest headlines; sign up for our newsletter
Some details about Antigua's life have come to the surface. Authorities found out he's from Cuba with family in the Miami area, the Times reported.
Antigua played out their role as a federal employee so well, their Cadillac Escalade was outfitted with a Homeland Security registration sticker, Coast Guard license plates, blue flashing lights and handcuffs, according to the report.
"He is remorseful," Steffens told the paper. "He said this was something that got out of hand."
The two men had previously crossed paths at a Memorial Day event where Coast Guard "Lt. Cmdr. Roy Antigua," who was dressed in uniform, introduced themselves to Steffens, according to the paper.
"Everybody around there thought that they were the real deal," Steffens said.
Police are working with hospitals, the military and federal law enforcement agencies to see if Antigua had any connection or dealings with them.
Antigua is currently being held without bail in the Pasco County Jail for the violation of probation charge. They have not yet been charged with anything related to the items seized at their home.
More content from NBCNews.com:
Follow US News from NBCNews.com on Twitter and
Australia, Stop Driving Detainees to Suicide
by: Joy Lynskey
recipient: Serco Group and International Health and Medical Services
New South Wales State Cornoner Mary Jerrum has determined that all three deaths at the detention center Villawood, from September to December 2010, were due to a 'completely unprepared and untrained' staff who acted in an ignorant, or careless manner regarding policies and procedures for patients attempting self-harm.'
Ms. Jerrum determined that in all three deaths, staff from the Serco Group, IHMS, and the Department of Immigration and Citizenship failed to follow procedures that could have saved the lives of the three detainees, David Saunders, Josefa Rauluni, and Ahmad Al Akabi who all committed suicide at Sydney's Villawood Immigration Detention Centre.
Please help us ask the groups responsible to take into consideration and follow policy and procedure in detecting and managing the seriousness of their detainees mental state and to order proper training for all employees dealing with these detainees.
read petition letter ▾
Please enforce set policy, procedure, and full training for all staff at Villawood Immigration Detention Centre so that the deaths of the three 2010 detainees; David Saunders, Josefa Rauluni, and Ahmad Al Akabi are not entirely in vain. The New South Wales State Coronor, Ms. Jerrum, has officially commented that in all three deaths at Sydney's Villawood Immigration Detention Centre in 2010 were preventable. The staff and those who manage it should be prepared to be held directly responsible in the event of any occurances where carelessness and ignorance are the determining factors.Please enforce set policy, procedure, and full training for all staff at Villawood Immigration Detention Centre so that the deaths of the three 2010 detainees; David Saunders, Josefa Rauluni, and Ahmad Al Akabi are not entirely in vain.
The Foreign Service Officer Test (FSOT)
The Foreign Service Officer Test (FSOT) is an important part of the FSO selection process, covering the job knowledge, English expression and biographic information necessary to work as a Foreign Service Officer. The FSOT also includes an essay. View complete information on the FSOT and the selection process.
Eligibility Requirements
To be eligible, the U.S. Department of State requires that each candidate be:
A U.S. citizen on the date the candidate submits the registration package
At least 20 years old and no older than 59 years of age on the day the candidate submits the registration
At least 21 years old and not yet 60 on the day the candidate is appointed as a Foreign Service Officer
Available for worldwide assignments, including Washington, D.C.
Registering for the FSOT
Candidates complete both registration steps - submitting an application and selecting a seat - during the same five-week period immediately prior to a specific testing window. Applications are valid only for that test and will expire when that testing window closes. The registration period closes three days prior to the opening of the testing window.
If you have a documented need for an accommodation, you must request and receive approval for your accommodation before scheduling your test.
Once an application for a test window is submitted it cannot be changed, and candidates may test only once in a 12-month period. Click here for answers to General FSOT FAQs.
Upcoming Foreign Service Officer Testing Windows
This chart contains relevant dates for the next three Foreign Service Officer Tests. As a reminder you will be able to register – apply and select a seat – for approximately five weeks before each testing window.
June 2019 October 2019 February 2020 Testing Window Dates June 01 - June 08 September 28 - October 05 February 01 - 08 Registration opens April 25, 2019 August 22, 2019 January 02, 2020 Registration closes May 29, 2019 September 25, 2019 January 29, 2020 List of embassies/consulates* offering the FSOT available at www.careers.state.gov April 12 August 16 01/02/2020
*The FSOT is offered at both domestic and overseas locations.
Pearson VUE On Base Test Centers (OBTC) to Offer the FSOT
Beginning with the February 2017 FSOT, the Foreign Service Officer Test will be offered at approximately 130 OBTC locations on U.S. military installations in U.S states and territories, Europe, Asia and the Middle East. The OBTCs will add additional appointment options during each testing window for those candidates with access to the included military bases.
Use of Overseas Pearson Professional Centers
The Board of Examiners will offer the FSOT at certain overseas Pearson Professional Centers (PPCs). PPCs are wholly owned by Pearson VUE and may not be in the capital. Embassies/Consulates located in other cities may continue to offer the test as their resources permit. Candidates testing in these locations must use their U.S. passports for identification verification.
The FSOT will be delivered at Pearson Professional Centers in the following cities: Melbourne and Sydney (Australia); São Paulo (Brazil); Edmonton, Montreal, Ottawa, Toronto, and Vancouver (Canada); Paris (France); Frankfurt (Germany); Athens (Greece); Osaka and Tokyo (Japan); Seoul (Korea, South); Mexico City (Mexico); Manila (Philippines); Singapore City (Singapore); Johannesburg (South Africa); Madrid (Spain); Taipei (Taiwan); Bangkok (Thailand); Istanbul (Turkey); and London (United Kingdom).
Other
Find more information on a rewarding career in the Foreign Service. If you have specific questions about the Foreign Service Officer Test you may send them to FSOTQuestions@state.gov.
Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 120 minutes per response, including time required for searching existing data sources, gathering the necessary documentation, providing the information and/or documents required, and reviewing the final collection. You do not have to supply this information unless this collection displays a currently valid OMB control number. If you have comments on the accuracy of this burden estimate and/or recommendations for reducing it, please send them to: HR/REE, SA-1, H-518. 2401 E Street NW, Washington, DC, 20522.
OMB Approval Number: 1405-0008 Expiration Date: 3/31/2018
BERLIN (Reuters) - German President Joachim Gauck on Thursday condemned the massacre of 1.5 million Armenians by Ottoman Turkish forces a century ago as “genocide”, a term that the Berlin government had long rejected.
German President Joachim Gauck makes a speech during an Ecumenical service marking the 100th anniversary of the mass killings of 1.5 million Armenians by Ottoman Turkish forces, at the cathedral in Berlin April 23, 2015. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
Gauck used the word in a speech to mark the 100th anniversary of what most Western scholars and two dozen governments regard as a genocide against an Armenian population that flourished in what is now modern Turkey. Turkey vehemently denies the charge.
Gauck, a former East German pastor with a penchant for defying convention, also suggested Germany itself might bear some of the blame because of its actions during World War One.
“In this case, we Germans must still come to terms with the past, as to whether there is in fact a shared responsibility, possibly even complicity, in the genocide of the Armenians,” said Gauck, adding that German armed forces were involved in planning and even implementing deportations.
Their determination to use the controversial word prompted members of parliament to overcome long-held resistance from Chancellor Angela Merkel's government, which until Monday had steadfastly refused to use the term.
In their speech, Gauck quoted a phrase from a resolution which lawmakers will debate in parliament on Friday and are expected to endorse overwhelmingly: “The fate of the Armenians is exemplary for the history of mass destructions, ethnic cleansings, expulsions and, yes, the genocides during the 20th century,.”
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ For GRAPHIC, click on link.reuters.com/kac64w
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^>
The term ‘genocide' has special resonance for Germany, which has worked hard to come to terms with its responsibility for the murder of 6 million Jews in the Holocaust.
Analysts say it was previously reluctant to apply the description in the case of Turkey for fear of upsetting Ankara and the 3.5 million people in Germany who are Turkish nationals or of Turkish origin.
There are also concerns in Germany that massacres committed in 1904 and 1905 by German troops in what is now Namibia could also be designated genocide, leading to reparation demands.
The reversal of Germany's stance is significant because it is Turkey's top trading partner in the European Union. France, the European Parliament and Pope Francis are among others who have used the term, condemned by Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey denies that the killings, at a time when Ottoman troops were fighting Russian forces, constituted genocide. It says there was no organized campaign to wipe out Armenians and no evidence of any such orders from the Ottoman authorities.
“Questioning these claims is not up to parliaments or politicians, but rather to historians,” Erdoğan said on Thursday, before Gauck's speech.
“The Armenian diaspora should ask the 40,000 Armenians who are citizens of our country whether they face any persecution,” they told a peace conference in Istanbul, organized as part of the centenary of the Gallipoli campaign during World War One.
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu told parliament: “Those who develop hateful sayings against Turkey will feel ashamed and be held accountable in front of history and humanity.”
Andrea Horwath's office is in the midst of a shakeup following the New Democrats' poor election result in June, with their two top aides scheduled to leave over the summer. Long-serving chief of staff Gissel Yanez and principal adviser Elliott Anderson are both heading out the door as the party regroups, sources told The Globe and Mail.
Ms. Horwath, who faces a leadership review in November, is also trying to mend fences with NDP rank-and-file.  They are sitting down with riding executives and others who were on the ground during the campaign, and planning a series of roundtables across the province. Disgruntled grassroots members – many of whom were already unhappy with Ms. Horwath's populist direction before the vote – have also been quietly meeting to discuss how to reshape the party.
"We'll be spending some time … to connect to the grassroots of our party over the next little while," Ms. Horwath said this week. "That's important work that I need to do to get some feedback to do some thinking and figure out a way forward."
Story continues below advertisement
Ms. Yanez has been at the centre of Ms. Horwath's circle for years, running their successful leadership bid in 2009 and helming both of the last general election campaigns. Mr. Anderson is a Queen's Park veteran who also worked under former leader Howard Hampton. Two party insiders said the NDP months ago gamed out transition plans for every possible election result. One source said Ms. Yanez and Mr. Anderson might still play active roles in the party after leaving Queen's Park. No decision has been made on their replacements.
Publicly, Ms. Horwath has shown little contrition over the election, in which the NDP lost the balance of power in the legislature. Behind the scenes, however, everything is on the table at Ms. Horwath's consultations, including party policy and how it campaigns. One source said the discussions are not focused on the November convention but more broadly on the party's strategy for the new parliament.
Dissatisfied rank and file, primarily in Toronto where the NDP lost three seats, are already meeting on their own. At one gathering at the Steelworkers Hall in downtown Toronto two weekends ago, NDP members vented their anger over Ms. Horwath's advisers, said a source who was in the room. But they concluded it would be too divisive to challenge Ms. Horwath's leadership directly.
That meeting drew such prominent figures as CUPE Ontario president Fred Hahn and long-time party activist Janet Solberg, the source said.
Ms. Solberg said party members are gathering "in many different venues and capacities," including a meeting of Toronto organizers next Thursday. They said they and two other riding association presidents sat down with Ms. Horwath Friday.
"Toronto lost three seats which is why we sought a meeting with Andrea to discuss the many important issues and problems that arose prior to and during the election," they wrote in an e-mail. "The meeting was useful and honest and respectful."
Mr. Hahn declined to comment in any detail, but hinted there are matters to be "decided" within the NDP.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"I'd prefer to keep those debates inside the party," they said in an interview.
Some party insiders contend Ms. Horwath's decision to focus on populism instead of big-picture policy alienated the party base. Others, meanwhile, point to tactical mistakes. The NDP had trouble explaining at the outset why it had forced an election by rejecting the Liberals' left-tilting budget.
Defeated Toronto MPP Jonah Schein said the party should have done a better job before the election of making clear it was voting down the government because of its record of spending scandals.
"There were a lot of voters who were angry about that fact that we were having an election at all," they said in an interview. "We had to say: We don't have confidence in this government because they put their own interest above the public interest time and time again. If that story had been laid out more clearly in advance, I think the narrative would have been different."
Mr. Schein contends that, despite their loss, Ms. Horwath has done a good job broadening the party's support in non-traditional NDP constituencies. The party gained seats in Sudbury, Oshawa and Windsor, and largely supplanted the Liberals as the dominant centre-left force in the province's southwest.
"We have to make sure we're speaking to a broad audience," they said.
The DIY Pancreas
An Access Conversation with Dana Lewis & Scott Leibrand
Ernesto Ramirez Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 17, 2015
Dana Lewis and Scott Leibrand are the creators of the amazing “Do-It-Yourself-Pancreas-System,” also known by #DIYPS. We had a few question for them.
Ernesto: Why build your own pancreas?
Dana: I've had Type 1 diabetes for about 12 years. I use an insulin pump and a continuous glucose monitor (CGM), but the devices are separate. They don't talk to each other. I have to look at the data from the CGM and then make decisions about my insulin. I have to make about 300 decisions per day on average. It's really fatiguing. So we created some algorithms that took my blood glucose data, the amount of insulin that I've given myself, and the amount of carbohydrates that I've decided that I've eaten, and ran them over and over again to give me a prediction of what my blood sugar was going to be and whether I need to take any action. Instead of having to constantly do the math myself, our system will push an alert to my phone or watch.
Ernesto: Does it dose you automatically?
Dana: Originally no, but more recently we've built a full closed loop version of #DIYPS, that is essentially an artificial pancreas, that talks to my pump and adjusts to give me a little more or a little less insulin.
Ernesto: Who writes the code?
Scott: I'm doing all the coding. I'm sure Dana could, but they have a lot going on and designs the algorithms. My title is Chief Spaghetti-Coder. This is the bleeding edge. It doesn't need to be elegant code.
Ernesto: What have you learned from building your own pancreas?
Dana: The beauty of a CGM is that it gives you a data point every five minutes. Over the past year I've produced more than 130,000 data points of blood sugar levels alone. That gives me an incredible picture of what's happening. With a traditional meter, it's rare to find somebody who tests up to even 10 times a day. And the standard use for an insulin pump is very much “set it and forget it.” The #DIYPS allows me to customize without having to constantly adjust my insulin pump manually, and that frees me up to live my life, work, and do whatever it is that I want to do.
Ernesto: How did this project start?
Dana: We first started building the system just to make the alarms on the device louder, to wake me up because I would sleep through them. The device manufacturers didn't seem to have a solution. Then we started looking at getting the data onto a computer so Scott would be able to view it. At the time, we had recently started dating, and they live 20 miles away. I wanted them to be able to see what my blood glucose level was, so if it was low, they could text me; and if I didn't respond, they could call 911. But we didn't have a way to get the data off of the device.
Scott: The key moment was when we saw a tweet from John Costik, who was working on the Nightscout Project. Nightscout is open source code that helps people transmit their CGM data to other devices. I tweeted John right away: “Hey it would be awesome if we could get access to this code.” That's really where it started. And along the way the whole process has been extremely public. We've been tweeting, blogging, and making everything we've been doing completely visible.
Ernesto: I've seen you tweet using the hashtag #wearenotwaiting. What does that mean?
Dana: #WeAreNotWaiting is a hashtag that was coined at a conference hosted by an online diabetes advocacy and information sharing community called DiabetesMine.com. For me it means that we're not waiting for traditional device manufacturers to come out with the product. In three to ten years there'll be devices like our artificial pancreas systems out in the market, being sold by companies approved by the FDA. I need to be alive when that system gets out in the market in, perhaps, five years.
I need to be alive when a cure becomes available.
Scott: Right about the time that we started working on #DIYPS, the Nightscout Project started to grow really quickly. There are now over 10,000 people in the CGM in the Cloud group. Over 2,000 people are using Nightscout to view their own or their loved ones' blood sugar levels remotely on phones, watches, and other devices. This is real stuff that's making a real difference in the world. And that's only going to accelerate as more people do more interesting things like this closed loop that we've just done.
Ernesto: You've written about “data as free speech.” What do you mean? How can data be speech?
Dana: People often don't understand why its legal for us to ‘hack' a CGM and an insulin pump. (Note that hacking isn't a negative thing; we're just sharing the data across devices!) They assume that because all my DIY gadgets are not FDA-approved to use them the way I'm using them is somehow against the rules. But I can treat my own body, my own diabetes, the way I want to. And if I share my data, that's obviously a kind of speech. But if we decide to share our code? I think the FDA sees this as a gray area. We very much want to continue our conversations with regulators.
Ernesto: Where do you see your project going?
Dana: I feel that every time I answer this question my answer changes, because my understanding of its potential is constantly changing. I never would have thought that any of what we've done was possible. Right now one of our goals is to make sure that the knowledge we gained about diabetes through our work with #DIYPS is adopted by clinicians, and that patients have access to this new information for treating diabetes. We're also taking #DIYPS to a new level with #OpenAPS, an open and transparent effort to make safe and effective basic Artificial Pancreas System (APS) technology widely available to more quickly improve and save as many lives as possible and reduce the burden of Type 1 diabetes.
Dana with the #OpenAPS system.
Scott: A few of months ago, at a conference convened by the advocacy group DiabetesMine, we got up and talked about our project, and I said: “I'm putting a stake in the ground that we're going to make a closed loop artificial pancreas by August 1st, which is the date we're getting married.” Everybody applauded and thought that was awesome. Then we went home. And we had it done in two weeks.
Dana: For anybody who wants to get involved in this, we would love to talk to you. There are so many people with diabetes and there is so much data that drives the management of this disease.
But there's not a lot of awareness of how many diseases, including diabetes, could have their care revolutionized just by having better access to data.
That's the thread of Quantified Self that I'm most interested in. The diabetes community happens to be one of the first to take advantage of what's possible.
Josh Miller/CNET
Based on all the hype and sales numbers, you might presume that the world of Android users is dominated by folks with a flashy Samsung Galaxy S5 or Galaxy S4 in their hands. The truth seems to be that the public is much slower to upgrade to the latest and greatest phones.
There are over 3,500 unique types of devices running Google's Android mobile operating system in the United States, but the most popular model -- used by over 13 percent of American Android users when all the major carrier models are counted, according to data from HandsetDetection.com -- is the Samsung Galaxy S3, which was released two years ago. The next most popular device is the even older Motorola Droid Razr with 5 percent of users, according to the site, followed by the Samsung Galaxy S2 with nearly 5 percent.
In fact, the most "modern" smartphone to make HandsetDetection.com's top ten list of Android devices currently in use in the Samsung Galaxy Note II, with 1.5 percent of American users.
Alternate Android app store AppBrain also keeps track of what devices its users are connecting with, and also finds the Galaxy S3 to be the most popular model, but by a much smaller margin over the Galaxy S4, which comes in second.
The disparity between the two data sources may come in the fact that AppBrain doesn't break down numbers by country, or because the type of Android fan who knows enough to install an alternate app store is much more likely to be an early adopter. According to HandsetDetection.com, its data was collected in May from unique visitors meeting a "minimum usage threshold."
Perhaps this shouldn't be too surprising, given how often I talk to a friend, family member, or acquaintance who is thrilled to inform me that they've finally got "a phone with apps on it." Just recently, I was told by the significant other of a good friend that the reason they didn't respond to half my texts is because their ancient feature phone -- that continues to function with the help of a taut rubber band -- isn't capable of receiving group texts.
I understand we can't all have the latest gadget, but by now I would have thought group texts had been enshrined as a globally-recognized human right. If you support this cause (and your phone supports Twitter), tweet what model of phone you use to @crave using the hashtag #upgrades4all, and perhaps some philanthropic billionaire will take up the cause of upgrading humanity.
Updated at 9:15 p.m. to add details on data collected by HandsetDetection.com.
My buddy Chris Avolio from Hot Shots hooked me up again. They hooked me up with an entire bison tenderloin that I cooked as two separate roasts. One I marinated in coffee stout and garlic and the other I slathered with a paste of roasted garlic, cracked pepper corns and Worcestershire sauce. This time Chris gave me an enormous NY strip elk steak, otherwise called the strip loin. The bison was out of this world. The elk was even better…
First, I have to give a big thank you to Chris Avolio for the hook up on the bison and now the elk:
Chris is the Director of Operations at Hot Shots Bar and Grill and a generally great guy who keeps giving me amazing cuts of meat to do something with on the grill. Chris, I hope this one lives up to the hype. What's not to love about Hot Shots? I get served by hot waiteres, drink beer, have a great burger, watch the game, and get some exotic piece of meat to throw on my grill. It's a beautiful thing even without the elk or bison.
Now on to the grilling recipe.
Ingredients:
1 big ass NY strip elk steak (bison or beef could be used as well)
3 ounces bourbon
1 tbsp Worcestershire sauce
1 tsp dijon mustard
1 tsp soy (not pictured)
1 tsp honey
two cloves of garlic, minced
4 pats of butter
black pepper
I'm not sure I've ever seen redder meat than this. There is no fat in this elk steak at all which can be a but problematic. More on this later. While it has no fat, it does have some silver skin to trim off:
Under that little flap of meat is a bunch of tough silver skin. Here it is trimmed:
With this elk steak I wanted to get a feel for the flavor without the marinade, so I trimmed off about an inch from the end that would not be marinated. All it got was a little salt and black pepper:
The nibbler piece will also help me gauge how long it will take to cook the rest of the elk steak.
I combined all the ingredients except for the butter and steak in a small bowl:
I whisked the marinade together:
Then I put the elk steak in a plastic bag with the marinade and into the fridge overnight:
The following day, Dad came by to enjoy this glorious piece of meat along with some white wine before dinner (it was the first time the temp had been above 50 in 4 months, it felt like a heat wave) in the form of a Gott Chard, some red (Trilogy Flora Springs) with the meal, and a side dish of grilled romaine lettuce. I took the elk out to come up to room temp:
Notice how much redder the nibbler pieces is compared to the marinated steak? The Worcestershire and the soy darken the elk.
I set up the Grill Manufacturer That Shall Not Be Named for two zone grilling with coals on one side and nothing on the other. I used the bricks to section off the two sides:
After cleaning my grill grate with a brush, I put the sampler piece directly over those coals:
I flipped the pieces after only a couple of minutes. What struck me was that there was no grease on the surface of the meat. I wasn't kidding when I said there was no fat:
I was worried that there was no way to get a juicy steak of out of the rest of the cut the way this looks. The sample pieces had no fat but were full of flavor and were indeed juicy. It's different than beef. It's more robust and had a nice sweetness to it. Dad actually asked if I had dusted it with garlic because there was so much flavor. I told them it was just salt and pepper.
After we sampled it was time to get the elk steak on the grill. I put the cut directly over the hot coals:
After two minutes grilling over the hot coals I rotated the elk:
After another two minutes, I flipped it over:
Again, no fat is glistening on the surface of the meat which tells me that I have a very, very small window for getting this right. Go beyond medium rare and say good by to a juicy steak and say hello to shoe leather.
After two minutes I rotated the steak:
After two more minutes (a total of eight over the hot coals), I moved it to the side with no coals to bake:
We decided to add some fat to this since there seemed to be none. The fat we added came in the form of butter:
I baked the steak for three minutes:
I didn't want to risk over cooking it so it was time to take the grilled elk steak off and let it rest under some loose foil. You could go longer if you wish and it all depends on the heat of the grill. Let the steak tell you when it's done by using the thumb test.
Here's the steak with the glistening melted butter on top:
Dad foiling the elk while I work on the side dish:
Resting is of critical importance for a juicy steak. When that meat comes off the grill, the juices inside are in an excited state. They're moving a million miles an hour. Slicing into the meat when they're in that state will cause them to run out of the meat. Give it a few minutes to calm down and when you cut into it, the juice stays in the meat. We rested this about eight minutes while I grilled the lettuce. You can find a more detailed write-up on how to grill lettuce here.
Basically, I tore away the really leafy outer leaves from the head of romaine and sliced it in half lengthwise. I drizzled it with olive oil, coarse salt, black pepper, granulated garlic and put it right over the hot part of the grill:
Once there's a nice char, flip the head halves over:
Once there's a char on both sides, plate and cover with hard grated cheese (in this case asiago). Here's the elk sliced along with the the lettuce and glass of wine on a tray. Dad and I went downstairs and ate on the couch while watching a guy flick:
And a closer shot of the juicy steak:
The marinade added a great complementary flavor to the elk. It wasn't too strong to overpower the meat, but also stood up to the hearty red meat quite well. It was a juicy steak as well as incredibly tender. The skinnier end of the meat was rare to medium rare and the fatter end was rare, which was perfect for dad and I, they got the skinner end, and I got the bloody fat end. This was the skinnier end.
I can sum up with this simple sentence. Elk may have ruined beef for me, it was that good.
Looking back, if I ever get elk again, I'm adding some oil to the marinade. Maybe two tablespoons. It needed some added fat. It would be a healthier alternative to the butter at the end, but I'd probably do both the butter and the oil.
If you have any questions or comments about the grilled elk steak marinated in bourbon, feel free to leave them below or shoot me an email.
If you're interested in other grilled game recipes, click here, or here if you want other steak recipes.
Also, you can follow us on our GrillinFools Facebook page where you can post your own grilling pictures, share grilling recipes or join the general grilling conversation. You can follow us on Twitter @GrillinFool
There is nothing creepier than a zombie kid. Humans are wired to feel protective toward the little ones, and when you subvert that by making the little bastards into flesh-hungry freaks, it's just extra unsettling. Similarly, twist it a little more and it becomes funny, maybe even a little cute again — but still fucking creepy. Considering the prevalence of undead tykes in the zombie film mythos, it's obviously a favorite trope of filmmakers everywhere. It's also a favorite of mine, perhaps paradoxically since I am a parent, or maybe that's why I love them so much. Here are ten of my favorite zombie tots from the movies. May you never wake up and have one of them looming over your bed.
10) Redneck Zombies – Remember what I said about cute? This is the best example ever of a cute zombie baby. Just look at the little toddler, all creepified and gross and eating some sweet, sweet flesh. This cute little monster is about the only worthwhile thing in Redneck Zombies and he's only in it for about thirty seconds.
9) Night of the Dead: Leben Tod – The little girl in Night of the Dead: Leben Tod is also kind of cute, but a lot creepier. In part, perhaps because she's also complaining about being hungry, and like all good little zombies, they exist strictly on a “fresh meat” kind of diet. She's one of the best things about this surprisingly good zero-budget Re-Animator-inspired gorefest. (Review Here)
8 ) Pet Sematary – Oh, Gage, you little rascal, with your scalpel and your fun “games.” Poor Fred Gwynne sure learned the hard way why playing hide and seek with you was not a good idea, at all. This creepy little shit became iconic and was the only good thing about the horrible Pet Sematary film.
7) Zombieland – It was little more than a “blink and you'll miss it” sight gag in Zombieland, but I really loved these evil, little zombie princesses that jump up on the minivan. It was one of the many little touches that gave the movie its distinctive character. (Review Here)
6) Burial Ground: Nights of Terror – The “kid” in this was played by a Peter Bark, twenty-something dwarf in a terrible hairpiece. And in reality, they were far creepier before they became a zombie, what with their icky, mother-loving ways. Then they become a zombie and kills their mom by biting their nipple off. Yeah, that's creepy. And it's just one of the many reasons Burial Ground is completely ape-shit. (Review Here)
5) Dawn of the Dead (1978) – George Romero served up a pair of freaky tots in their 1978 masterpiece Dawn of the Dead. Admit it, you totally jumped when these two came out of that closet the first time. And then felt kind of wrong for cheering after Peter shot them both dead. It's okay, we all did.
4) Dawn of the Dead (2004) – Maybe the only thing Zack Snyder's Dawn remake did unequivocally better than the original was the zombie kids. Man, this little girl from the beginning is just too awesome. I mean, even as everyone watches is screaming at the dude to stay away from her, you can kind of understand you'd do the same thing in their situation (i.e. not knowing she's a fucking zombie, just a hurt little girl). Then they go for their throat and it's on. The opening sequence to Dawn is one of the best in zombie filmdom, and this little girl is a big part of that.
3) Dead-Alive – When zombies get it on, this is what results. Despite being one of the silliest entries on the list, most everyone that's seen Dead-Alive agrees that the baby is one creepy, nightmare-inducing son of a bitch. I don't know what it is about him, but he's just unsettling. I dream about them almost every time I watch this movie. *shudder*
2) REC – We all knew the second we saw this sick little girl in REC that she'd be zombified sooner rather than later. And when they are, it's awesome — she's as scary as the girl from Dawn 2004, if not more so. They seem to be featured on the poster for REC 2, so I have high hopes for more grotesque shenanigans from one of my favorite creepy-tots of all time.
1) Night of the Living Dead – See, zombie tots have been an integral part of zombiedom since the beginning of the modern era. Little Karen Cooper is probably the first child to ever eat their parents on screen. And really, they don't come much creepier than her, even to this day. Sure, maybe the makeup is a little better or the gore more realistic, but I'd still put the littlest Cooper and their trowel-wielding, mother-murdering, father-eating ways up against any of them. We love you, Ms. Cooper. Thanks for inspiring the many generations of flesh-eating child freaks to come.
Patrick McConlogue is a lot like the many others working in the New York tech scene. Every morning, they walk to work, passing a few homeless people on the streets, and then spends the rest of their day at a computer, writing software code for a 35-person startup.
But the 23-year-old engineer didn't think those two parts of their day had to stay separate. Earlier this week, they made an offer to one of those homeless men.
"I walk by a homeless guy every day on the way to work and I get this feeling every day that they are a smart guy -- they have books and they write," McConlogue told ABC News. "I was trying to think of a way to engage them and help him."
McConlogue approached Leo, a 36-year man who lives on the streets of lower Manhattan, on Thursday and gave them two options.
The first was $100 in cash.
"I figured that was enough for a ticket some place or a few meals, if that's what they wanted," McConlogue said.
The second option on the table was a laptop, three JavaScript books and two months of coding instruction from McConlogue.
After hearing the offer, Leo, who McConlogue described as very articulate and gifted, especially in on the topic of environmental issues, decided to take the coding option.
"I want to spread knowledge and information about climate change and global warming," Leo told ABC News in a phone interview facilitated by McConlogue.
Soon, McConlogue will deliver them a Samsung Chromebook with 3G connectivity, three JavaScript books, a solar charger for the laptop and something to conceal the laptop in. They will spend an hour before work every morning teaching them the basics of software coding.
McConlogue began documenting their plans to help Leo on the blogging platform Medium earlier this week and has seen a mix of reactions.
The technology community, in particular, was critical of their first post, which was titled, "Finding the unjustly homeless, and teaching them to code." Many commenters criticized McConlogue for using the word "unjust," which they admitted was a poor word choice.
Still, some writers heavily criticized McConlogue's effort beyond that.
Techcrunch editor-in-chief Alexia Tsotsis said McConlogue was "tone-deaf" and that their plan demonstrated "a profound cluelessness about poverty and the disenfranchised."
Slate's Matthew Yglesias argued that housing, not coding, is the first step in fixing homelessness.
Then, Slate's Will Oremus called them a "naive techie."
But along with the critics, there were those who supported their effort. More than 1,200 people have liked the "Journeyman" Facebook page McConlogue has set up about the project and they said they have even heard from some previously homeless individuals who see the effort as useful.
Leo himself, who is aware of the online chatter, said that they are understanding of the criticism. "It's America, people have the right to have their opinions," they said. "It's the Internet, people have the right to post what they want. I agree to disagree." When asked about housing Leo said that they thought "housing was great for people who want to be put in housing, for people who want and need it."
Ultimately, McConlogue says they are offering what they can right now to help.
"Being able to code will help them do some of the things they want to do," McConlogue said. "The negative feedback is that you should give them housing and food. My thought is that technology will do a better job connecting him, in the long term, to what they want."
McConlogue plans to keep blogging about the experience on Medium and Leo themselves will write the next post. They said they don't have plans to do anything with the larger homeless community at this point, however.
"I've tried to build products for the many before, but I wonder if this new generation is building projects for the power of one," they said. "I am going to do a really good job with this guy. I will learn from him, maybe even more than they learn from me."
Singh called it an “awkward” moment, telling Bush in the middle of their tirade: “Everyone in this room loves you, we all support you, we believe in your rights.”
“When is your Sharia going to end?” they yelled at Singh during the rally.
The woman, Jennifer Bush, emerged from the crowd at a campaign event in Brampton, Ontario on Friday to hurl racially-tinged comments at Singh, the frontrunner in the leadership race for the federal NDP.
“Colour, race, religion, they're really not the point here,” they swear in the video.
The woman who interrupted a Jagmeet Singh campaign stop by screaming questions about Sharia law and the Muslim Brotherhood has taken to Youtube to give their side of the story, but is hardly apologetic.
Read more
The woman who interrupted a Jagmeet Singh campaign stop by screaming questions about Sharia law and the Muslim Brotherhood has taken to Youtube to give their side of the story, but is hardly apologetic.
“Colour, race, religion, they're really not the point here,” they swear in the video.
The woman, Jennifer Bush, emerged from the crowd at a campaign event in Brampton, Ontario on Friday to hurl racially-tinged comments at Singh, the frontrunner in the leadership race for the federal NDP.
“When is your Sharia going to end?” they yelled at Singh during the rally.
Singh called it an “awkward” moment, telling Bush in the middle of their tirade: “Everyone in this room loves you, we all support you, we believe in your rights.”
Singh is, of course, Sikh, and not Muslim. Bush swears in the video they understand the difference, although it doesn't display much understanding of Sharia law — an Islamic legal doctrine that governs divorce proceedings and forbids interest on loans, as well as a host of other things.
Since the video went viral, racking up millions of views on Facebook, Singh's campaign has enjoyed a bump. Singh, who could become Canada's first non-white leader of a major national political party, has spent a large portion of their campaign addressing non-white Canadians, especially second-and-third generation Canadians, by drawing on their own experiences growing up as the child of immigrants. They have spoken bluntly about racism and discrimination he's faced as a man who wears a turban.
Thus far, polls show that Canadians are generally receptive to their candidacy, but a small minority say they're uncomfortable with it. Bush is evidently one of those.
Bush released the video on Youtube on Saturday to explain their purpose in heckling Singh at their “Jagmeet and Greet” event. They first state that they know they are Sikh and not Muslim, and says they attended to ask about their policy choices in supporting M-103 and opposing the niqab ban from 2011.
“What is that? Sharia,” Bush says of both policies in the video. “I'm not a racist, I strongly support the Hindus. We work together on a regular basis to get political ideas moving, to move our country together.”
The heckler insists in the video they went there to “discuss” the issues to Singh.
Bush seems to have little grasp of Sharia law, or the actual impact of M-103, a motion condemning Islamophobia and other religious discrimination.
The heckler insists in the video they went there to “discuss” the issues to Singh.
Bush is involved with Rise Canada, a group which called for the mass deportation of all existing Muslims in Canada, and participated in a protest outside a Toronto-area school saying Islam is a political movement that hates women — one protester sparked outrage at the event by tearing up a copy of the Qu'ran.
This isn't the first time Rise Canada has made national headlines. During the Conservative Party leadership race, earlier this year, candidate Kellie Leitch was recorded speaking to members of the group at a meeting. They later denounced the group, after outcry.
Bush, according to an upload of the video posted to Youtube, recorded their reaction at Ford Fest, the annual barbecue hosted by the Ford family — of late mayor Rob Ford, and current mayoral candidate Doug Ford.
OTTAWA — In Calgary Wednesday, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau confirmed a unique pattern they began last fall in Medicine Hat — a sitting prime minister who will jump right in and openly campaign for any underdogs flying the Liberal flag in a by-election.
Last fall, in the southern Alberta riding of Medicine Hat—Cardston—Warner, the Liberals were handily beaten by the Conservatives and, the early line is that Conservatives should be able to count on easy wins on April 3 when voters in the southern Calgary ridings of Calgary Heritage and
Calgary Midnapore pick the MPs that will succeed Stephen Harper and Jason Kenney respectively.
Nonetheless, Trudeau was the star attraction at a Wednesday campaign rally in Calgary, a city which sent two Liberal MPs to Ottawa in the 2015 general election, an election that saw Liberal success in Calgary for the first time since another Trudeau swept to power in 1968.
Trudeau the Younger is not content to have simply a beach-head in Alberta, with two seats in each of Calgary and Edmonton.
“Albertans are tired of being taken for granted and they want a better option, and that's exactly what we're putting forward,” Trudeau said in Calgary. “We will not write off any corner of this country.
“That's what I'm doing right here. That's why I go to every byelection.”
While it is rare but not unheard-of for a sitting PM to stump in a by-election, Trudeau's decision to campaign in Medicine Hat last fall and now Calgary has raised some questions for their own party — and their party's opponents — about how to account for the costs of a campaigning prime minister.
Are taxpayers, for example, helping to pay for a campaigning PM? And what about election spending limits? Isn't the expense of a prime minister's tour — with all the security, special vehicles, additional prime ministerial aides — likely to be too much for the spending limits by which all campaigns must abide?
So far, the Liberal Party of Canada has satisfied itself that it will not only be doing right by the taxpayer but it will also be doing right by Elections Canada, the referee that enforces the election financing rules.
Indeed, the party's compliance officer has what amounts to a ‘comfort letter' from Elections Canada about some aspects of how the party is interpreting what counts as an election expense for a campaigning PM and what does not.
Moreover, Braeden Caeley, the party's communications director, says that, so far as the taxpayer is concerned, the party will reimburse the federal treasury for expenses such as hotels, meals, or airfare incurred as a result of the prime minister's political activity.
Mind you, those airfare costs will be at the rate of equivalent economy airfare for a Calgary-Ottawa flight and not the $5,000-an-hour that the Department of National Defence says it costs to operate the RCAF Challenger executive jet that took Trudeau to Calgary and will take them back to Ottawa.
Canadian security agencies do not want prime ministers on commercial aircraft and prefer they use military jets and military pilots. But that is not a hard-and-fast rule, particularly when there are elections.
During a general election campaign, an incumbent prime minister — like other party leaders — will campaign using a chartered commercial jet flown by commercial pilots. The cost of that aircraft is borne exclusively by political parties and not by the taxpayer.
Moreover, Trudeau, during their short time in office, has already flown at least twice on a non-military aircraft. As the National Post first reported, during their Christmas holiday, they and their family used the personal helicopter of the Aga Khan to make the 110-km journey between Nassau and the Aga Khan's private island in the Bahamas.
If the party had to account for the full cost of flying Trudeau to Calgary and back on the Challenger — Trudeau has no publicly announced official events there other than the campaign appearances — the bill could easily top $35,000.
That would go against the national party's anticipated spending limit of about $450,000 for the five by-elections currently underway. (In addition to the two in Calgary, there is one each in Markham, Ottawa, and Montreal.)
All federal parties do not have to report details of spending in any by-election in 2017 until June 30, 2018.
Campaigning prime ministers and campaigning party leaders are also exempt from the costs of the security detail assigned to protect them, Elections Canada has ruled. Those costs, be it during a general election or a by-election, come from the RCMP's budget which, in turn, comes from the government's general revenue fund.
Stephen Harper never campaigned publicly in any of 29 by-election contests held during the nine years while they were prime minister. But they did show up in a 2010 by-election in Winnipeg North with a brief appearance at the Conservative candidate's headquarters.
That 2010 appearance, though it was captured on a video posted to YouTube, was not public, no reporters were invited to witness it let alone even told about it, and Harper spoke only to campaign staff and not to voters.
The Conservative Party later claimed a “miscellaneous expense” that day of about $450.
The party did not respond Monday to questions about expenses associated with Harper's 2010 by-election appearance..
Harper, though, had been in Winnipeg that day for some other business associated with this official duties as prime minister.
(In that by-election, the Conservative candidate finished third with 10 per cent of the vote and the riding, which had been held mostly by New Democrats since the early 1960s swung to the Liberals.)
Neither Paul Martin nor Jean Chretien are believed to have campaigned in by-elections.
Former political staffers for Brian Mulroney can recall them campaigning in by-elections at least three times in the nine years they were prime minister. Pierre Trudeau also stumped for their candidates in some by-elections.
The thinking at Liberal Party headquarters right now is that Trudeau is a major asset to the Liberal brand and should be deployed in support of that brand whenever possible.
The party also believes that it's only fair that all leaders should be able to campaign in by-elections, even if that leader is the prime minister.
“Until someone like the mayor talks about our idea, it's just an idea. Now our idea has a chance to be a reality,” says Russ Renbarger, founder of digital marketing firm Red Tag Ideas in the East End and self-proclaimed “creative junkie.” Their firm works with high-energy clients like Red Bull North America, Maxim Magazine and StreetModa.com.
It doesn't matter that last week when Mayor Greg Fischer unveiled citizens' ideas for the Vision Louisville project, they labeled Renbarger's idea as an example of something a little far-fetched for the city, along with a Star Wars theme park.
The idea: River Zip, LLC.
Zip lines across the Ohio River.
The Mayor's exact words: “There are practical ideas, such as more bike lanes. And there are far-out ideas, such as zip lines over the Ohio. What they have in common is that they all came from citizens who care deeply about the future of our city.”
But the zip lines still got a mention in just about every single article that covered the Vision Louisville announcement.
And indeed, people are talking about it.
So maybe Renbarger is right. Maybe the mayor's mention will breathe new life into an idea they had thought might have reached a dead end.
Renbarger and partner Ward Plauche began development of River Zip back in August 2012. “Ward's brain is full of crazy ideas,” says Renbarger. Shortly thereafter, the partners engaged a house engineer for a feasibility study.
They had seen how popular the Big Four Bridge had become. They wanted to capitalize on all the new foot traffic. Zip-lining has been soaring in popularity lately (pardon the pun), including at our very own Mega Cavern.
Why not an Ohio River zip line?
The actual zip line Renbarger and Plauche have planned has been through several iterations — originally it was attached to the Big Four, at one point the zip line went a little more than halfway across the river before turning around, there's been talk about two zip lines all the way across the river, one for each direction.
One thing all the plans have in common is that this is more of a “ride” than an “adventure.” The zip lines would be motorized, not controlled by gravity. Passengers would be loaded in a three-point harness more like a roller coaster than a traditional zip line safety harness.
On Feb. 1, Renbarger and Plauche presented their ideas to Dave Karem and Mike Kimmel — president and vice president of the Louisville Waterfront Development Corporation — during a lunch meeting at The Troll Pub.
The partners presented RiverZips as a “fun and exciting” idea, a little radical, a little out-of-the-box, but as an attraction with a “low impact on the landscape.” They presented the concept as a shared revenue venture with LWDC, as a “new income stream for them to help them with some of their budget shortcomings.”
Renbarger said that Karem called the idea “too obtrusive” and didn't like the idea of it “collecting dust” during the winter.
Renbarger explained that they could make the launch platforms removable, if need be. And that the ticket sales booth RiverZips proposed building at the base of the Big Four Bridge could be repurposed in the winter as a vending site/skate rental site for the frequently discussed ice skating rink under the bridge.
Several phone calls where the partners discussed design changes with the LWDC followed the meeting.
According to Renbarger, the LWDC presented the zip-line concept to their board, chaired by business person Matt Thornton, of Thornton's Inc., somewhere around Feb. 27.
“We were told that Matt Thornton said this wasn't an idea they were interested in pursuing in March,” says Renbarger. “Maybe this idea is too far out.”
You'd think it would have been Renbarger or Plauche who submitted the “zip lines across the river” idea to the Vision Louisville program. It wasn't.
“We're excited now,” says Renbarger. “I don't know where the zip line idea came from.”
They note that Karem, at the LWDC, refused to sign a non-disclosure agreement with the RiverZip partners.
“We're excited to hopefully see this project resurface. Hopefully our phone's gonna ring.”
In the meantime, they and Plauche have also considered moving the zip lines up or down the river. Maybe in Portland. Someplace where they wouldn't need to go through the LWDC if need be.
Businessman Bruce Lunsford, a partner in Kentucky Kingdom, is a fan of the project, according to Renbarger. They said there's been some talk about how cool it would be to have a zip line over the new Kentucky Kingdom.
So yeah, people are talking.
Because that's maybe what Renbarger does best — get people to talk.
Renbarger is a former member of the Army Corps of Engineers. They graduated with a degree in architecture from the University of Kentucky.
So while the physics of a zip line across the 1-mile-wide Ohio seems a bit hard to swallow, Renbarger (backed by their engineer) assures us it can be done. A quick Google search of the “longest zip lines in the world” reveals several with more than a mile of “continuous running cable length.”
As a side gig, Renbarger parlayed their popularity as a general man-about-town (you might have seen them on “Southern Belles: Louisville,” the one-season reality show on SoapNet) into event promotion, paid by bars and venues to bring their traveling party to them. He's done Derby events, Thunder events.
He's worked with Kardashians.
(Insider recently wrote an article on “Southern Belle” cast member, Emily Gimmel, which includes a “Where are they now?” section on the rest of Renbarger's co-stars.)
But Renbarger's real success was probably their early mastery of social media to rally and sway a following. A Mextromix article from July 2009 was titled: “Who the hell is Russ Renbarger… and how did they get so many ‘friends'? Inside the mind of a one-man Facebook phenomenon.”
Answer: This is a man who gets “branding.”
Their partner, Plaucher, is a successful business person and former co-owner of CityBlock/O'Malley's Corner, the entertainment complex at the corner of Second and Liberty.
It may very well be that between the two of them, they can get this “far out” idea… off the ground.
Updated launch date on 5/29/14 – 1:55 p.m. PDT
You could say that British game development studio Team 17 has been around the block. Established back in 1990 (when its primary platform was the Amiga), the group of roughly 75 employees makes up one of game development's longest running studios. Its most successful franchise, “Worms,” debuted in 1995, and has since sold some 60 million copies worldwide. Today, the studio will release “Worms: Battlegrounds” for Xbox One, which promises to be the best entry in the series to date; with the most weapons, the biggest maps, and the finest single- and multiplayer experiences, it's certainly the most comprehensive. Add to that an all-new, feature-rich implementation of clans, as well as a cool new companion application—and a game presented with beautiful 1080p graphics running at 60 frames per second—and series fans have something to be excited about.
For newcomers: “Worms: Battlegrounds” is a turn-based strategy game in which you choose your own team of worms, decide what class they'll be (Heavy, Soldier, Scientist, or Scout), and customize them with different accoutrements. Want a team of worms styled after your loved ones or favorite pop culture references? How about outfitting your worms with silly pirate hats? There's even a level editor, in case you want to roll your own battlegrounds.
“Thanks to the increased power of the Xbox One hardware, ‘Battlegrounds' is the ultimate version of ‘Worms' to play with friends, around one machine or online,” says Debbie Bestwick, CEO. “'Worms' has always been a sociable game to play with friends, and this is the ultimate experience.” Team 17 has created a brand-new single player game, with a storyline and a platformer-like experience, capitalizing on the Xbox One's extra physics processing power to create all manner of devious contraptions and bizarre machinery for players to overcome.
In many ways, the game is centered on the social aspect – starting your own clans, and working together to make those clans powerful. The Xbox One SmartGlass companion application connects all of this together; it allows you to engage with the game and your clan members, even when you're away from your Xbox One. Want to know who the movers and shakers are in your clan? Want to know who isn't pulling their weight? Want to keep tabs on how your clan is performing when you're on the road? The companion app provides wide range of useful stats in a clean format, without cluttering up the game's interface.
Some new weapons have entered the mix as well. “The Winged Monkey is as bonkers as you would expect,” says Bestwick. It's essentially a winged monkey that flies into the game, with objects of your choosing in tow. Previously, objects could be decimated along with the landscape that contained them; now, they're individual entities that react to physics. Some have special properties, like exploding into a burst of flames, water or poison. “The Winged Monkey can fly in with any one of these objects for you,” says Bestwick. “It's completely up to you how you use it, whether that's to build a bridge to safety, or just drop it on your foes' heads from above to have a laugh at the resulting damage.” The Equalizer is an odd little head-mounted contraption that combines the player's health with that of a chosen enemy, and then divides it between the two worms. Finally, the Aqua Pack combines the movement versatility of the Jetpack with the ability to drown your opponents in pools of water. “There's nothing quite like seeing worms being washed across the landscape and into the drink after being doused with dynamic water,” says Bestwick. In all, there are 10 new weapons and utilities, which brings the total in-game count up to a whopping 65.
As mentioned, clans are also a key component of “Worms: Battlegrounds.” “It's actually the first time we've properly supported clans as a feature, which is really exciting for everyone who loves playing as a group,” says Bestwick. It's been one of the most requested additions from “Worms” fans over the past several years, and brings a social aspect to the multiplayer game – fighting alongside your friends toward a common goal of reaching the top of the leaderboards, or simply becoming the best in a specific type of match. There's even an option for multiplayer, clan-based games; you can partake in friendly matches, and invite a clan mate in to help out. “This a first for ‘Worms,' and it's really exciting for us, as it allows two players from that clan to control the same team,” says Bestwick.
“Worms: Battlegrounds” launches for Xbox One via ID@Xbox starting today in Europe and North America.
Get the biggest What's On stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new award ceremony which aims to celebrate the music scene in Cardiff has been launched.
Voting is now open for the Cardiff Music Awards, which is the idea of founder Ed Townend, who works as a sound engineer and events manager at venues around the Welsh capital.
First conceived as an online award in 2015, the event has now been relaunched and repackaged in conjunction with River And Bear, a Cardiff-based PR, marketing & events firm, with an awards ceremony being held at a major city centre venue in March.
Ed said the idea of the awards is to recognise, celebrate and share what Cardiff has to offer.
They said: “There is certainly no shortage of musical talent or energy within Wales' capital city. With a dazzling array of artists, bands, DJs, promoters and venues located in Cardiff, the music scene is thriving.
“I'm really, really passionate about Cardiff and its music scene. I live and die with the success and losses felt within it and I'm always looking out for anything new and interesting happening.
“I feel like the awards will not only contribute to the scene but celebrate it as well – and I always am looking to give back to a community that has brought me so much joy since I started going to gigs aged only 12.”
Which local venue hosts unforgettable club nights? Who is Cardiff's greatest DJ? Do you know a musician who deserves special recognition? The awards aim to answer all these particular posers at the awards on March 30.
“I want the awards to celebrate the city's musical dynamism by rewarding the achievements and success of organisations and individuals who have helped enhance Cardiff's unique and vibrant music scene,” said Ed.
Various issues prevented the 2016 awards from taking place but Ed is confident that the enthusiasm and momentum behind the Cardiff Music Awards in its 2017 relaunch will ensure its success
“I feel such a connection to the city and its strengths,” they said.
“It's a tight-knit community where it's difficult not to be aware of the leading names within it, and it's so friendly too.
“I love attending gigs of all genres where you'll bump into colleagues or musicians you admire and have a good catch-up. I've spent many hours in music venues just talking about the scene.
“Literally thousands of people were involved in 2015's awards, and I'm hoping to increase that number this year. I love to share new and exciting music and the awards are such a great way to do so.”
Nominations are now open with the public able to vote in 26 different categories which range from best group, best live act and best album to the best local promoter, the best independent venue and best radio show.
A shortlist of five finalists in each category will be announced on February 17 ahead of the awards ceremony.
Winners in the 2015 online awards included Astroid Boys, DJ Jaffa, Clwb Ifor Bach and Maddie Jones.
To find out more and to vote visit www.cardiffmusicawards.co.uk
A suspicious vial of liquid has been sent for testing after a New Zealand newspaper office received the package.
A PLASTIC vial supposedly containing a sample of the deadly Ebola virus has been sent to a major New Zealand newspaper, reports suggest.
Sky News Melbourne bureau chief Ahron Young said the vial was part of a package from a “jihadist group” sent to an office this morning, later confirmed to be the New Zealand Herald.
It arrived with a letter claiming that the liquid was a sample of Ebola. It was understood that the mailroom was evacuated and the staff were hosed down.
According to a tweet sent by the Herald, the vial was originally sent to the mailroom, but “all precautions were taken”.
#BREAKING Vial sent to Australia for testing for Ebola was originally sent to the @nzherald mailroom. All precautions were taken. More soon. — nzherald (@nzherald) November 11, 2014
The Herald Sun and the New Zealand Herald both report that the delivery is a suspected hoax, but the sample has been sent to Melbourne's specialist Victorian Infectious Diseases Reference Laboratory to determine if it contains the killer disease.
Auckland police said a small amount of liquid in a plastic bottle had been sent to the Herald office in a suspicious package along with some documents, one of which mentioned Ebola.
As a precaution, police sent the bottle to be swabbed for DNA and checked for fingerprints before being sent to Melbourne for testing. Results are expected within days.
Health officials who attended assured the small number of staff who worked in the mail room that the risk of contamination was almost non-existent.
“Police are often called to deal with and investigate the origins and contents of suspicious packages,” Detective Inspector Scott Beard said.
“The vast majority of them turn out to be benign but we don't take any chances. This is no exception.”
Herald owner NZME confirmed that an unaddressed package was sent to the paper's Auckland offices.
“Protocol was followed for a matter such as this and it is now a police matter,” a spokesperson said.
Cruz and Sanders appeal to the public by touting a broken government. President Obama's approval ratings have steadily improved. And ESPN finds that most NFL fans think criticism of Cam Newton is not racially motivated. This is HuffPollster for Thursday, February 4, 2016.
CRUZ AND SANDERS APPEAL TO AMERICANS' BELIEF GOVERNMENT ISN'T WORKING - Frank Newport: "The results of Monday night's Iowa caucuses have brought the very conservative Sen. Ted Cruz and the very liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders more directly into the media spotlight. These two senators are not only from the opposite sides of the aisle but also from the opposite ends of the ideological spectrum. But they very much share one common belief: Congress is broken because it does not operate with the best interests of the people in mind….Congress' job approval is 16%; 34% of Americans are satisfied with our system of government and the way it works (down by half from 15 years ago); dysfunctional government was overall the single most important U.S. problem Americans mentioned throughout 2015; and 32% of Americans have a great deal or fair amount of confidence in the legislative branch of government, within a few percentage points of the lowest reading in Gallup's history of this measure." [Gallup]
OBAMA'S APPROVAL ON THE RISE - While most polling has focused on the upcoming election, President Barack Obama's approval rating has been creeping up. According to HuffPost Pollster's average, 47 percent of Americans approve of the job he's doing, up a full 3 points from the beginning of December. Using the chart's “less smoothing” option -- which means the individual polls have more weight and the average is allowed to change faster -- Obama's approval rating is up to just over 48 percent. Gallup's tracking poll shows a distinct bump in ratings after the State of the Union address on January 12 and shows them at 50 percent approval as of February 1. [HuffPost, Gallup, Will Jordan, Jonathan Bernstein]
PARTISAN DIVIDE ON HOW THE NEXT PRESIDENT SHOULD DISCUSS ISLAMIC EXTREMISTS - Pew Research: "Half of Americans say the next president should be careful not to criticize Islam as a whole when speaking about Islamic extremists, while four-in-ten want the next president to speak bluntly about Islamic extremists even if the statements are critical of Islam as a whole. A new Pew Research Center survey finds that blunt talk is preferred by two-thirds of Republicans and those who lean toward the Republican Party (65%), while seven-in-ten Democrats and independents who lean Democratic express the opposite view, saying the next president should speak carefully about Islamic extremism so as not to criticize Islam as a whole." [Pew]
HEROIN PROBLEM NOT CONFINED TO NEW HAMPSHIRE - HuffPollster: "Heroin addiction has joined perennial topics like the economy and foreign policy as a mainstay of the campaign trail this year -- in large part because New Hampshire, one of the states the hardest hit by opioid abuse, is a key destination during presidential primary season. But the problem is being felt nationwide. In a new HuffPost/YouGov poll, 49 percent of respondents say heroin use is a very serious national problem, and 87 percent say it's at least a somewhat serious problem. They perceive the issue to be nearly as troubling as gun violence, even if it's not a top personal concern for most of them. About half of those surveyed also say that heroin use is at least as much of issue in their community as it is elsewhere. [HuffPost]
The Huffington Post has teamed up with YouGov to conduct daily opinion polls.You can learn more about this project and take part in YouGov's nationally representative opinion polling.
RELIGIOUS LANDSCAPE HAS REMAINED STEADY IN NEW HAMPSHIRE - Public Religion Research Institute: "Over the last eight years, New Hampshire's religious landscape has been remarkably stable, with no group experiencing outsized gains or losses since 2007. The religiously unaffiliated make up nearly three in ten (29 percent) New Hampshire residents, roughly similar to their proportion in 2007. Nearly one-quarter (24 percent) of New Hampshire residents are white Catholic, while somewhat fewer identify as white mainline Protestant (17 percent) and white evangelical Protestant (9 percent). Unlike other early primary states, New Hampshire is home to fewer white evangelical Protestants than the U.S. overall (9 percent and 17.3 percent, respectively)." [PRRI]
NFL FANS SAY CAM NEWTON IS CRITICIZED BECAUSE OF PLAYS, NOT RACE - ESPN: "A larger percentage of NFL fans believe that Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton faces criticism because of their actions on the field than because of their race, according to a survey produced for ESPN by Langer Research Associates and released Wednesday. Nearly two out of three fans -- 62 percent -- believe that any criticism of Newton is because of their style of play on the field (63 percent of white fans and 38 percent of black fans). Only 14 percent think it's because of their race. The number of people who think race is part of how Newton is perceived is significantly higher among blacks who responded to the survey -- 34 percent think criticism is racially based, while 38 percent think it's for their flashy style." [ESPN]
Who will win the big game? More from ESPN: “49 percent think the Broncos will win, with 35 percent favoring Carolina.” [ESPN]
HUFFPOLLSTER VIA EMAIL! - You can receive this daily update every weekday morning via email! Just click here, enter your email address, and click "sign up." That's all there is to it (and you can unsubscribe anytime).
THURSDAY'S 'OUTLIERS' - Links to the best of news at the intersection of polling, politics and political data:
-Voter turnout determined the Iowa caucuses, but not in the way many had expected. [Reason]
-Iowa pollster Ann Selzer discusses why their poll didn't quite get the Republican caucus right. [DMR]
-Christopher Karpowitz and Jeremy Pope say Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders will have a tougher challenge with primaries than caucuses. [WashPost]
-Philip Bump explains in two graphs why Rick Santorum dropped out of the race. [WashPost]
-Pew Research breaks down the religious affiliations of New Hampshire Democrats. [Pew]
-Gallup's job creation index finds that US job creation is hovering just below the record 8-year high. [Gallup]
-Three in five Americans and Canadians expect to see a cure for cancer emerge in their lifetimes. [Harris]
Hello and welcome to When's Melee, your (almost) weekly source for Melee tournament stream information. If you have info on other events and their streams, please reach out on Twitter (linked below) or here in the comments. Also, If you somehow missed G4, you can click here to see the VODs and results.
Super Smash Sundays 55 (1/29)
Region: SoCal (PST)
Streams: TeamOxy
Featuring: Druggedfox, The Moon, HugS, n0ne, Syrox, Squid, ROFL, Captain Faceroll, Kira, Psychomidget, Bizzarro Flame, and more!
» smash.gg: Brackets, Attendees | Schedule | Facebook
Friday, Jan. 27
Aurora Smash Heroes @ WIT (Midwest: Ill., CST)
Stream: AuroraSmash
» Challonge | Facebook
Man on a Ledge 141 (PGH, EST)
Stream: PGHNEOHSmash
» Challonge | Facebook
Melee at the Made 24 (NorCal, PST)
Stream: TBD (will update ASAP)
» Facebook
Tuk House Weekly (PNW: Wash., PST)
Stream: TukHouseSmash
» Challonge | Facebook
Saturday, Jan. 28
Socal Colosseum #7: Exodus (SoCal, PST)
Stream: SSBMTutorials
Featuring: n0ne, HugS, Captain Faceroll, Syrox, Squid, PsychoMidget, Bizzarro Flame, and more!
» smash.gg: Brackets, Attendees | Facebook
Unrivaled V: New year who dis? (Fla., EST)
Stream: PolarityGG
Featuring: Plup, Colbol, Krudo, Mr Good Luck, and probably more CFL talent that has yet to register.
» smash.gg: Brackets, Attendees | Facebook
Battlegrounds Monthly #3 (MD/VA: Va., EST)
Stream: Redd
Featuring lloD, Redd, Zain, MilkMan, Cool Lime, and an uncreative tourney name but it's not too bad because it's just the name of the venue.
» Facebook
Frosty Faustings IX (Midwest: Ill., CST)
Stream: MeleeEveryday
Featuring: Vro, DavidCue, quin, Mundungu, Nox, Eggy, Trix, Jon$, FannyPack, and more.
» smash.gg: Bracket, Attendees | Schedule | Facebook
John Abbott Monthly (Qué., EST)
Stream: SSBMontreal
Featuring: Kage, Vwins, SAUS, Legend, Spicy Hungarian, Flood, et plus des québécois.
» smash.gg: Brackets, Attendees | Facebook
RoMo19: The MO Stands for Missouri, not Monthly (Mo., CST)
Stream: SoCoStreams
Featuring: Shinobi, Vista, Sinister, Liberate, Home, Deepz, and the rest o' the best o' Mo.
» smash.gg: Brackets, Attendees | Facebook
MMOM Bi-Monthly #5 (New England: Mass., EST)
Stream: AmesburyMelee
Featuring (probably) a bunch of good NE players at a big version of the region's best tourney series.
» Challonge | Facebook
No DI-owa (Midwest: Iowa, CST)
Stream: SiouxCitySmash
Featuring Iifter, Slowking, Mooj, Sino, Koala, Low, and more of Siouxland's best.
» smash.gg: Brackets, Attendees | Facebook
Nebulous Melee #74 (Tri-State: N.Y., EST)
Stream: NebulousGaming (Hitbox)
» Facebook
Columbia Smash Weekly #13 (Tri-State: N.Y., EST)
Stream: ColumbiaSmash
» Challonge | Facebook
Storm the Island (P.E.I., AST)
Stream: BanditZX
» smash.gg: Brackets, Attendees | Facebook
Syracuse Smash Melee Meltdown (Tri-State: N.Y., EST)
Stream: SyracuseSmash
» smash.gg: Brackets, Attendees | Facebook
S@PS Weekly 39 (Penn., EST)
Stream: PSUSmash
» Facebook
Sunday, Jan. 29
Moses Kang Memorial Tournament II (South: N.C., EST)
Stream: ChoiceGG
Featuring: lloD, Sharkz, Slipnslide, Red, bonfire10, GCS, Dash, Zasa, Jwilli, MrBeenReady, and the ghost of Moses Kang.
» smash.gg: Brackets, Attendees | Facebook
Sentenced to Smash 27 (Sweden, UTC +1)
Stream: SmashGBG
Featuring: Calle W, Humpe, JohnnyFight, MikeHaggar, Lolex, and more Gothenburgers.
» smash.gg: Brackets, Attendees | Facebook
MoMoS! Melee #134 (Tri-State: N.J., EST)
Stream: HitboxArena
» Challonge | Facebook
VSB Sunday (B.C., PST)
Stream: VanStreetBattle
» Challonge | Facebook
Last Week's Results
To watch multiple streams at once in the most effective way, go to multistre.am or VGStreams.com
Sam “Please Cure Me of the Genesickness” Greene can be found on Twitter @SSBMDingus.
flwns can be reached on Twitter @flwns
Logo by @FishWithIt
Last week, Dingus and flwns were both at G4 and didn't have the Wi-Fi, the time, or the solid info on G4's streams to make a WM, so that's why it didn't get made. Weekly posts resume now!
Summary: Hiccup is a Clojure DSL for generating HTML. If you're using it, you might like these tips.
Hiccup is a Clojure Domain Specific Language (DSL) for programmatically generating HTML. It's one of the three tools I recommend in my Clojure Web stack. It's a thin layer over HTML, but oh, how I welcome that layer! The biggest win is that since it's an internal DSL, you can begin abstracting with functions in a way that you will never be able to, even in templating engines.
Hiccup is an example of a great Clojure DSL. It uses literal data structures pretty well, it's as or more readable than what it translates into, and, as a layer of indirection, solves a few sticky problems of HTML. If you don't know it, go check out the Clojure Cookbook recipe for Hiccup. Hiccup might take some getting used to, but once you do, you'll appreciate it.
This article will assume you are familiar with the syntax and want to up your game.
Cross-site Scripting Vulnerability
Ok, this one is a pretty bad problem. Hiccup generates Strings, just plain old Java strings. If you put a String in the body of a Hiccup tag, it will just concatenate it right in there, no questions asked. That's just asking to be exploited, because that String is going to be shipped off to the browser and rendered, scripts and all.
Most templating libraries will default to escaping any String you pass them. The non-default, usually obviously marked alternative is to pass in a String unescaped. Hiccup got this backwards and it just sucks. It means you have to do extra work to be secure, and if you forget just once, your site is vulnerable.
The fix: This is the work you have to do every time you're getting a String that could be from the “outside” (a form submission, API request, etc.). Normally, you'd do this:
[:div content-of-div]
That will work but it's unsafe. You should do this:
[:div (h content-of-div)]
That little h ( hiccup.core/h to be exact) there means escape the String. It sucks, but that's how you do it in Hiccup. One day I want to write a secure fork of Hiccup.
Overloading vectors
One downside to Hiccup and any DSL that overloads the meaning of vectors is that vectors are no longer useful as sequences within Hiccup. They now mean “start a new HTML tag”. It's not a huge deal, but I've spent a lot of time debugging my code, only to realize that I was using a vector to represent a sequence. I use literal vectors everywhere else (because they're convenient and readable), but in Hiccup land they're wrong.
The fix: You can't use a literal vector, but you can call list to create a list. Not as beautiful, but it is correct. Sometimes I will call seq on a return value to ensure that it's never a vector.
I don't know why this still happens, but it's common, so I'll mention it. Sometimes I'll be looking at the HTML output in a browser and I just can't find an element. It's gone. Reload, still not there. When I look through the code, the hiccup to generate the tag is right there! Why won't it render?
Well, long story short, it's because in Clojure, only the last value of a let or fn is returned. Doh! My missing element was being rendered then discarded.
(defn list-with-header [header items] [:h3 header] ;; this header is missing [:ul (for [i items] [:li i])])
The fix: Wrap the two (or more) things in a list (not a vector!).
(defn list-with-header [header items] (list ;; wrap in a list, not a vector [:h3 header] ;; now it's there [:ul (for [i items] [:li i])]))
Hiccup plays nice with nil
This one is just a little design touch with some perks, not a problem that it's solving. In Hiccup, the empty list renders nothing. This is extended to nil as well. A common thing in HTML is that you want to render a bunch of children in a parent tag, but you don't want the parent tag if the list is empty.
Standard constructs will render the parent tag:
[:ul (for [i items] [:li i])]
When items is empty, you still get <ul></ul> . This is a problem with lots of templating libraries.
The fix: The fix in Hiccup is due to it playing nice with nil . Wrap the parent in a when :
(when (seq items) [:ul (for [i items] [:li i])])
It's not beautiful, but then again, you could be using HTML with Moustache.
Use defn for snippet abstraction
HTML has no way to abstract. The crap you see is the crap you get. Many templating libraries have some kind of snippet concept, often referring to different files. Well, because Hiccup is just code inside of Clojure, you've got a better designed way of making reusable pieces of Hiccup.
Let's say I'm repeating something a lot:
[:div [:ul (for [i list1] [:li i])] [:ul (for [i list2] [:li i])] [:ul (for [i list3] [:li i])]]
That ul is basically the same three times.
The fix: Standard functional abstraction. Pull out the repeated bit into a new, named function.
(defn make-list [items] [:ul (for [i items] [:li i])])
Now you can call it from inside of Hiccup:
[:div (make-list list1) (make-list list2) (make-list list3)]
Compiling your snippets
You may know this, but Hiccup is a compiling macro. That means it takes your literal vectors, maps, etc, and at compile time, generates code that will generate your HTML. All this means is that Hiccup is really fast, about as fast as concatenating strings can be.
But, because the Hiccup compiler doesn't do a full examination of your code, it can't compile everything. It inserts run time fallbacks for stuff it can't handle at compile time which will interpret it at run time. So, for instance, if you're calling a function that returns some Hiccup, it can't compile that automatically. It has to wait till the function returns to know what it is. That is, unless . . .
The fix: The way to get Hiccup to compile something is with the hiccup.core/html macro. That's the macro that does the compilation and it will do it anywhere. So if you've got code like this:
(defn make-list [items] [:ul (for [i items] [:li i])]) (defn my-three-lists [] [:div (make-list list1) (make-list list2) (make-list list3)])
You should wrap the Hiccup form in its own compiler, like this:
(defn make-list [items] (html [:ul (for [i items] [:li i])]))
For this little example, it probably won't make a noticeable difference. But it can be significant for larger documents.
Just to note: the Hiccup compiler can understand if and for forms, so there's no need to wrap them in the compiler. No harm, though, if you do.
Autoterminating
Just a good thing to know about HTML.
Did you know that this is not legal HTML?
<script />
It's true. A script tag can't be self-closing.
There's all sort of silly rules in HTML like this. And then there's XML mode versus HTML mode. We are lucky: Hiccup does all of this for you, so you don't have to wade through the HTML spec(s!) looking for why something won't render in IE7.
The fix: hiccup.core/html takes a map of options as the first argument (it's optional). If you pass in a :mode option, it will set the correct HTML mode. The various modes unfortunately are incompatible. There are three modes, :xml , :html , and :xhtml . The default is :xhtml .
Id/class DSL
Hiccup is a DSL. And it has its own sub DSL for HTML ids and classes. It's similar to CSS selectors.
Let's say you have a div like this:
[:div {:id "main-content" :class "blue-background green-border"} (h "Here's some content.")]
Well, Hiccup lets you make that shorter and easier to read.
The fix: Use the id/class DSL:
[:div#main-content.blue-background.green-border (h "Here's some content")]
Here's how it works. Every element has an optional id and zero or more classes. After the tag name ( div here), you can put the id after a # . Then list your classes starting with a . each. Omit the # if there's no id. Ditto for the . if there's no class. Oh, and the id must come first. That will get converted to the id and class attributes you want. Also, these will conflict with attributes in the map, so choose one or the other, not both.
Generating Hiccup from HTML
Last thing, I promise!! Sometimes you have some HTML that someone gave you and you want to Hiccupify it so you can just stick it into your code. Manually doing that is kind of tedious. Luckily, there's a solution our there for you.
The fix: This page lists three options for outputting HTML from Hiccup. I have personally used Hiccup-bridge. It does a good job (and it even goes both ways). You call it like this:
lein hicv 2clj hello.html
That will output hicv/hello.clj in hiccup format. Pretty rocking when you need it.
Conclusion
Well, there you go. My Hiccup tips. Hiccup is pretty nice for templating. I recommend using it (or my future secure fork) in your web projects. If you'd like to learn more Hiccup and how to build web apps in Clojure, please check out Lispcast Web Development in Clojure. It's a video course teaching just that. All you need to know is Clojure and HTML.
Scientists have had time to study the data returned from the NASA spacecraft Juno and are discovering that pretty much everything they thought they knew about Jupiter's interior is wrong. “I think we're all sort of feeling the humility and humbleness,” said Scott Bolton, the principal investigator of Juno, during a press teleconference today, May 25. “It is making us rethink how giant planets work not only in our system but throughout the galaxy.”
The findings from Juno's initial Jupiter orbits were published today in the journals Science and Geophysical Research Letters. The latter is a special issue devoted to Juno data and includes more than two dozen reports.
TEXAS-SIZED AMMONIA CYCLONES ARE ONLY THE BEGINNING
Juno, which launched in 2011 and entered Jupiter's orbit on July 4, 2016, is the first spacecraft to give scientists a real view of Jupiter's poles, and what they've found is unlike anything expected.
“Jupiter from the poles doesn't look anything like it does from the equator,” Bolton said.
Images reveal that Jupiter's famous bands do not continue to the north and south poles. Rather, the poles are characterized by a bluish hue, chaotic swirls, and ovular features, which are Texas-sized ammonia cyclones. The precise mechanism behind them is unknown. Their stability is equally a mystery. As the Juno mission progresses, repeat visits to the poles and new data on the evolution of the cyclones will answer some of these questions.
The poles aren't identical, either. “The fact that the north and South Pole don't really look like each other is also a puzzle to us,” Bolton said.
One interesting observation was a happy accident. Because of Juno's unique orbit, the spacecraft always crosses a terminator—that is, the line dividing where the planet is in full illumination of the Sun, and the far side, in total darkness. This is useful because topological relief can be seen at this line. (To see this in action, look through a telescope at a half-full moon. The shadows where light meets dark give a vivid sense of the heights of mountains and the depths of craters.) During an orbit, there happened to be a 4300-mile-wide storm at Jupiter's terminator near the North Pole, and scientists noticed shadows. The storm was towering over its cloud surroundings like a tornado on a Kansas prairie.
INTENSE PRESSURE SQUEEZES HYDROGEN INTO A METALLIC FLUID
What may lie within the heart of Jupiter: a possible inner “rock” core surrounded by metallic hydrogen and an outer envelope of molecular hydrogen, all hidden beneath the visible cloud deck. NASA/JPL-Caltech/SwRI
Bolton explained that the goal of Juno is "looking inside Jupiter pretty much every way we know how.” Juno carries an instrument called a microwave radiometer, designed to see through Jupiter's clouds and to collect data on the dynamics and composition of its deep atmosphere. (The instrument is sensitive to water and ammonia but is presently looking only at ammonia.) So far, the data are mystifying and wholly unexpected. Most scientists previously believed that just below the clouds, Jupiter's atmosphere is well mixed. Juno has found just the opposite: that levels of ammonia vary greatly, and that the structure of the atmosphere does not match the visible zones and belts. Ammonia is emanating from great depths of the planet and driving weather systems.
Scientists still don't know whether Jupiter has a core, or what it's composed of if it exists. For insight, they're studying the planet's magnetosphere. Deep inside the gas giant, the pressure is so great that the element hydrogen has been squeezed into a metallic fluid. (Atmospheric pressure is measured in bars. Pressure at the surface of the Earth is one bar. On Jupiter, it's 2 million. And at the core it would be around 40 million bars.) The movement of this liquid metallic hydrogen is thought by scientists to create the planet's magnetic field. By studying the field, Juno can unlock the mysteries of the core's depth, size, density, and even whether it exists, as predicted, as a solid rocky core. “We were originally looking for a compact core or no core,” Bolton said, “but we're finding that it's fuzzy—perhaps partially dissolved.”
Jupiter's magnetosphere is the second-largest structure in the solar system, behind only the heliosphere itself. (The heliosphere is the total area influenced by the Sun. Beyond it is interstellar space.) So far, scientists are dumbfounded by the strength of the magnetic field close to the cloud tops—and by its deviations. “What we've found is that the magnetic field is both stronger than where we expected it to be strong, and weaker where we expected it to be weak,” said Jack Connerney, the deputy principal investigator of Juno.
Another paper today in Science revealed new findings about Jupiter's auroras. The Earth's auroras are Sun-driven, the result of the interaction of the solar winds and Earth's magnetosphere. Jupiter's auroras have been known for a while to be different, and related to the planet's rotation. Juno has taken measurements of the magnetic field and charged particles causing the auroras, and has also taken the first images of the southern aurora. The processes at work are still unknown, but the takeaway is that the mechanics behind Jupiter's auroras are unlike those of Earth, and call into question how Jupiter interacts with its environment in space.
JUNO ALREADY HAS US REWRITING THE TEXTBOOKS
An enhanced-color closeup of swirling waves of clouds, some just 4 miles across. Some of the small, bright high clouds seem to form squall lines, or a narrow band of high winds and storms associated with a cold front. They're likely composed of water and/or ammonia ice. NASA/SWRI/MSSS/Gerald Eichstädt/Seán Doran
Understanding Jupiter is essential to understanding not only how our solar system formed, but how the new systems being discovered around stars form and operate as well. The next close approach of Jupiter will take place on July 11, when Juno flies directly over the famed Great Red Spot. Scientists hope to learn more about its depth, action, and drivers.
Juno already has us rewriting the textbooks, and it's only at the beginning of its orbital mission. It's slated to perform 33 polar orbits of Jupiter, each lasting 53.5 days. So far, it's completed only five. The spacecraft's prime mission will end next year, at which time NASA will have to decide whether it can afford to extend the mission or to send Juno into the heart of Jupiter, where it will be obliterated. This self-destruct plunge would protect that region of space from debris and local, potentially habitable moons from contamination.
Bolton tells Mental Floss that the surprising findings really bring home the fact that to unlock Jupiter, this mission will need to be seen through to completion. “That's what exciting about exploration: We're going to a place we've never been before and making new discoveries … we're just scratching the surface.” they say. “Juno is the right tool to do this. We have the right instruments. We have the right orbit. We're going to win over this beast and learn how it works.”
Disclosure of H/W prefetchers control on some Intel processors
This article discloses the MSR setting that can be used to control the various h/w prefetchers that are available on Intel processors based on the following microarchitectures: Nehalem, Westmere, Sandy Bridge, Ivy Bridge, Haswell, and Broadwell.
The above mentioned processors support 4 types of h/w prefetchers for prefetching data. There are 2 prefetchers associated with L1-data cache (also known as DCU) and 2 prefetchers associated with L2 cache. There is a Model Specific Register (MSR) on every core with address of 0x1A4 that can be used to control these 4 prefetchers. Bits 0-3 in this register can be used to either enable or disable these prefetchers. Other bits of this MSR are reserved.
Prefetcher Bit# in MSR 0x1A4 Description L2 hardware prefetcher 0 Fetches additional lines of code or data into the L2 cache L2 adjacent cache line prefetcher 1 Fetches the cache line that comprises a cache line pair (128 bytes) DCU prefetcher 2 Fetches the next cache line into L1-D cache DCU IP prefetcher 3 Uses sequential load history (based on Instruction Pointer of previous loads) to determine whether to prefetch additional lines
If any of the above bits are set to 1 on a core, then that particular prefetcher on that core is disabled. Clearing that bit (setting it to 0) will enable the corresponding prefetcher. Please note that this MSR is present in every core and changes made to the MSR of a core will impact the prefetchers only in that core. If hyper-threading is enabled, both the threads share the same MSR.
Most BIOS implementations are likely to leave all the prefetchers enabled (i.e MSR 0x1A4 value at 0) as prefetchers are either neutral or positively impact the performance for a large number of applications. However, how these prefetchers may impact your application is going to be highly dependent on the data access patterns in your application.
These bits can be enabled or disabled at any time. Any changes will impact the prefetchers (and hence the performance of all the applications) running on all the cores where the changes are applied.
Tools that measure memory latencies and bandwidth may want to explicitly set the prefetchers to a known state for more controlled measurements. They can change the prefetcher settings during measurement but should restore them back to the original state on completion. For example, Intel Memory Latency Checker tool (http://www.intel.com/software/mlc) modifies the prefetchers through writes to MSR 0x1a4 to measure accurate latencies and restores them to the original state on exit.
Advertisement Missouri lawmakers advance plan to ban red-light cameras Proposal needs another vote of approval to move to Senate Share Copy Link Copy
Lawmakers are advancing a proposal to ban Missouri cities and counties from using red-light cameras. House members in a voice vote Wednesday gave initial approval to the ban, which would prohibit the cameras used to catch traffic violations such as speeding and running red lights. The proposal follows a Missouri Supreme Court ruling that struck down red-light camera laws in some Missouri cities. Supporters say it should be up to law enforcement to hand out tickets for running red lights and that the cameras are used to generate revenue, rather than control traffic. Opponents say municipalities should be able to decide whether to use the cameras, which some argue can free police to do other work. The proposal needs another vote of approval to move to the Senate.
Lionsgate TV is closing in on a deal with Amazon for an hourlong drama series inspired by characters and themes from Bob Dylan's vast archive of songs.
“Time Out of Mind” will be spearheaded by writer-director Josh Wakely, who managed to secure the wide-ranging rights deal for Dylan's song catalog. The project, which is in the early stage of development, will be produced through Wakely's Sydney-based Grace production banner.
The deal with the Dylan archive marks another musical rights coup for Wakely, the Australian filmmaker who earlier this year announced a deal with the Beatles' Northern Songs publishing unit for a Netflix animated children's series, “Beat Bugs,” that will feature stories inspired by Beatles tunes. Eddie Vedder, Pink and Sia are among the artists lined up to record Beatles covers for the series, which bows on Netflix this summer.
Details of the Dylan project, named for the songwriter's acclaimed 1997 album, are still sketchy. Dylan's incomparable body of work over the past 50-plus years could yield any number of intriguing characters. The plan for the series is that two characters or story threads from Dylan songs that wind up colliding in some way.
Related Grateful Dead Roadie Memoir In Development as Amazon Limited Series
It's not entirely clear how Wakely came to spearhead the project. They have limited credits as an actor and writer-director, mostly of short films in Australia.
Amazon has a number of music-themed series in development including a Grateful Dead-themed drama series produced by founding member Bob Weir.
On the film side Wakely is developing a feature take on the 2011 memoir “Half a Life” by Darin Strauss. The book revolves around a man's struggle with the accidental death of their high school classmate. Wakely is repped by CAA, Untitled Entertainment and Hirsch Wallerstein.
“Time Out of Mind” adds to the growing slate of premium SVOD series on Lionsgate TV's roster. The studio is home to Netflix's “Orange is the New Black” and four series for Hulu: “Casual,” Deadbeat,” “RocketJump: The Show” and “Dimension 404.”
(Pictured: Bob Dylan, Josh Wakely)
In an interview with ABC's Diane Sawyer, Bruce Jenner has confirmed to the world what many already suspected, that “for all intents and purposes, I am a woman.”
The strangest reaction to this news that I have seen thus far comes from the reliably strange and terrible Janet “JudgyBitch” Bloomfield, who seems to think that Jenner is transitioning out of jealousy of the attention the world pays to Kim Kardashian and their sisters.
Here's Bloomfield:
Jenner lives in a house filled with crazy, beautiful and incredibly wealthy women who use their looks to generate enormous amounts of income. Surely, it must be clear to them and everyone who watches these fame whores that the power to use tits and ass and turn it into cash resides with women. … Bruce is now set to join the powerful women of their clan as one of their own, and good for him.
Where to even start? At 65 years old. I'm pretty sure that Jenner isn't looking to use “tits and ass and turn it into cash.”
Bloomfield points out some of the amazing benefits she's convinced themselves Jenner will gain as a woman:
Now that he's a woman, or soon will be one, the media goes mad to offer them the kindness they deny to men. You can bet the feminist media in particular will trip over themselves to provide Bruce the woman with all the support they routinely refuse to offer men. Bruce now no longer needs to be taught not to rape, because they have magically lost the ability to rape, amirite? Bruce will now be the automatic victim of domestic violence (assuming it's a man who hits them and not one of those psycho women they live with). Bruce is now under no obligation to provide evidence for any accusations of sexual assault they care to make.
Wow. I guess life as a trans woman is one big domestic-abusing, false-accusing party. Who knew?
Bruce is joining the privileged caste … As a society, we simply don't give a fuck about men's pain. … Bruce Jenner has solved their problem and closed the empathy gap in a way very few other men can. They became a woman. For the vast majority of men, that isn't an option, nor should it have to be.
If you need me, I'll just be here banging my head quietly on my desk.
NOTE: I had used the “he” pronoun in this post because I had read articles saying that was Jenner's preferred pronoun for now, but it seems that was just for the interview. I've reworked the post to remove it.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Pocket
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
A hacker club has published what it says is the fingerprint of Wolfgang Schauble, Germany's interior minister and a staunch supporter of the collection of citizens' unique physical characteristics as a means of preventing terrorism.
In the most recent issue of Die Datenschleuder, the Chaos Computer Club printed the image on a plastic foil that leaves fingerprints when it is pressed against biometric readers.
No-one from the Germany-based group has been able to test the foil to see if it can fool a computer into believing it came from Schauble. But the technique has been shown to work with a variety of other people's prints on almost two-dozen readers, according to a colleague of the hacker who pulled off the demonstration.
Last two pages of magazine issue that published Schauble's fingerprint. The plastic film can be seen on the top middle of the right-hand page. (Click here for larger view.)
"The whole research has always been inspired by showing how insecure biometrics are, especially a biometric that you leave all over the place," said Karsten Nohl, a colleague of an amateur researcher going by the moniker Starbug, who engineered the hack. "It's basically like leaving the password to your computer everywhere you go without you being able to control it anymore."
Nohl, a graduate student at the University of Virginia, acted as an English translator for Starbug, who speaks German. The two recently released research showing how to crack the encryption of a widely used smartcard in a matter of minutes.
Schauble's fingerprint was captured off a water glass they used last summer while participating in a discussion celebrating the opening of a religious studies department at the University of Humboldt in Berlin. The print came from an index finger, most likely the right one, Starbug believes, because Schauble is right-handed.
Easily fooled
The print is included in more than 4,000 copies of the latest issue of the magazine, which is published by the CCC. The image is printed two ways: one using traditional ink on paper, and the other on a film of flexible rubber that contains partially dried glue. The latter medium can be covertly affixed to a person's finger and used to leave an individual's prints on doors, telephones or biometric readers.
Nohl said Starbug has used the same film to store their own fingerprints and has successfully fooled 20 different biometric readers, including those deployed in Germany's own passport offices. The machines, made by a company known as Cross-Match Technologies, are in the process of being rolled out by German customs officials at border checkpoints, Nohl said.
Schauble is a big proponent of using fingerprints and other unique characteristics to identify individuals.
“Each individual's fingerprints are unique," they are quoted as saying in this official interior department press release announcing a new electronic passport that stores individuals' fingerprints on an RFID chip. "This technology will help us keep one step ahead of criminals. With the new passport, it is possible to conduct biometric checks, which will also prevent authentic passports from being misused by unauthorized persons who happen to look like the person in the passport photo."
The magazine is calling on readers to collect the prints of other German officials, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, Bavarian Prime Minister Guenther Beckstein and BKA President Joerg Ziercke.
"The thing I like a lot is the political activism of the hack," said Bruce Schneier, who is chief security technology officer for BT and an expert on online authentication. Fingerprint readers were long ago shown to be faulty, largely because designers opt to make the devices err on the side of false positives rather than on the side of false negatives.
Few readers, they said, have ways to verify the input path to prevent spoofing, and yet politicians frequently see them as a panacea for all kinds of complicated security problems.
"This minister guy, what are they going to do now?" Schneier asked. "His fingerprint is going to be known for all time." ®
THE Ministry of Defence has admitted it is considering abandoning its promise to build the new type 26 frigates on the Clyde and instead seek an alternative from abroad, the head of Royal Navy has admitted.
With the MoD and defence contractor BAE in the midst of a dispute over terms of the contract for the frigates there has been speculation the UK could purchase French warships instead and Scotland would lose out on a £4 billion contract while the ship building industry could collapse potentially costing more than 11,000 jobs.
If the Royal Navy goes abroad for warships it will be the first time it has done it in peace time and would break a key pledge made to Scottish voters by the UK government during the referendum that the new frigates would be built on the Clyde.
CONNECT WITH THE SCOTSMAN
• Subscribe to our daily newsletter (requires registration) and get the latest news, sport and business headlines delivered to your inbox every morning
• You can also follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Google +
In an interview with Defense News Admiral Zambellas said: “The aquisition process looks for a solution to be able to give us what we need.
“The affordability question that comes from that depends on the vest that industry can deliver.”
Crucially, they added: “You'll notice I haven't necessarily said that that's the British industry, as the decision has not been made on what the solution to the requirement will be.”
Referendum
SNP defence spokesperson and Westminster leader Angus Robertson said that the First Sea Lord's comments showed that voters in Scotland were lied to during the referendum.
During the referendum campaign, the then Tory defence secretary Philip Hammond made it clear that a Yes vote would mean the ships would not be built in Scotland but a No vote meant the Clyde would get the contracts because the UK does not build complex warships abroad.
“The UK has not – except during the two world wars – ever placed orders for complex warships outside the UK, and I don't anticipate that the UK would wish to do that in the future,” they said in November last year when Portsmouth was closed in favour of the Govan and Scotstoun yards on the Clyde.
They added: “I think there's something there that people in Scotland need to think about very carefully.”
Then in August their successor Michael Fallon also confirmed the contracts were heading to the Clyde unless there was a Yes vote while announcing a £348 million contract for the Clyde.
They said: “UK warships are only built in UK shipyards.”
Mr Fallon went on: “This multi-million pound contract shows our commitment to investing in new ships for the Royal Navy and maintaining in the UK the expertise needed to build the warships of the future. It will benefit the dedicated workers of the Clyde, their families and the local economy in Glasgow.”
“This sort of investment by the UK Government is vital for the sustainment of shipbuilding in the city and the hundreds of specialist manufacturing and engineering roles that play an important role in providing war fighting capability for the Royal Navy.”
But reacting to Admiral Zabellas comments, Mr Robertson said: “This puts the lie to yet another Project Fear scare story rolled out during the referendum. Time after time we were told by the No campaign that warships could only be built in the UK.The best place to build these frigates is on the Clyde and everybody knows that.
“It would be a serious breach of trust if this is now being reconsidered - Scotland needs and deserves this work.”
No decision
A spokesperson for the MoD told The Scotsman that no decision has been made yet on the frigate contract and confirmed that the First Sea Lord had reflected the MoD's current position.
However in an effort to provide reassurance, they said: “Other than during the World Wars, since the start of the twentieth century, all the UK's complex warships have been designed and built within the UK for reasons of national security. We do not anticipate any change to this policy in respect of the Type 26 Global Combat Ship.”
Jim Moohan from the GMB and a senior figure in the Confederation of Shipbuilding and Engineering Unions described the comments by the First Sea Lord as “ludicrous” and said they “does not understand what they are talking about.”
Hew pointed out that the shipbuilding industry had been through a decade of restructuring in the UK, including closing the yard in Portsmouth, which they said “has made us extremely competitive.”
They went on: “I very much doubt that the MoD could find better value for money or a higher stand of quality elsewhere in the world.”
But they also said that the frigate contract was essential for the future of the industry in Scotland and the whole UK.
They said: “We are on the cusp of breaking into a world market for warships with this contract because we will be world leaders in the field. It just requires a bit of common sense to take us forward.”
The contract, thought to be worth £4 billion, would be to build 13 new type 26 frigates, the next generation of warship for the UK to replace the type 23 frigates which are going out of service.
The MoD and BAE Systems are currently negotiating the terms of the contract but are reportedly in deadlock over the cost of the project and last month procurement defence minister Philip Dunne refused to put a date on the signing of a contract despite ministers previously saying it would be completed by the end of this year.
It is understood that the MoD is considering the FREMM frigate currently being built by France and Italy as an alternative.
SCOTSMAN TABLET AND IPHONE APPS
• Download your free 30-day trial for our iPad, Android Android and Kindle apps
• Keep up to date with all aspects of Scottish life with The Scotsman iPhone app, completely free to download and use
Xavier Woods may have suffered a knee injury as The New Day were facing Breezango and SmackDown Tag Team Champions The Usos at tonight's WWE live event in Texarkana, Arkansas.
According to Wrestling Inc. correspondent Stephen A. Love ( @BigStevieCool95 ), who was in attendance, the injury came when Woods went for a jumping DDT and apparently pushed off the wrong way. The knee buckled and Woods went down. The referee threw up the dreaded "X" symbol to call the match and one of the Uso brothers then rolled Kofi Kingston up for a quick finish.
Woods seemed to be in pain after the rushed finish and was not able to leave on their own. They were helped to the back by Kofi, Big E and WWE's Dr. Chris Amann. One correspondent noted that Woods "wrecked" their knee.
Stay tuned for updates on Woods' status.
Tackling stimulating subjects like mass extinction and resource wars with nary a human character in sight, Grant Morrison and Barry Sonnenfeld's Dominion: Dinosaurs vs. Aliens is a cerebral sci-fi experiment that's far more ambitious than it sounds.
In other words, the cross-platform project – with comics, motion comics and a movie trilogy in the works – is the opposite of what its sensational title implies.
Sonnenfeld, whose kinetic cinematography for Coen brothers classics like Raising Arizona and Miller's Crossing, executive production of cult TV standout The Tick and helming of oddball film franchises like The Addams Family and Men in Black have carved them a Hollywood niche matched in peculiarity by Tim Burton and only a few others, said Morrison's done wonders working with the project's giant reptiles.
"It is amazing how they have created specific characters, emotion and culture for the dinosaurs, without using dialog," Sonnenfeld told Wired.
Rather than simply a Cretaceous showdown of spectacular conflict between two expendable entertainment standbys, Dinosaurs vs. Aliens serves as a philosophical treatise on manifest destiny, genocide and indigenous revolt. Instead of another popcorny blockbuster thrown onto Hollywood's disposable entertainment pile, it's a pointed critique of overreaching civilization at the edge of oblivion.
But that's what you should expect from outliers like Sonnenfeld and Morrison, whose exemplary work on comics – from the obscure (Animal Man, Doom Patrol) to the established (Superman, Batman, Justice League, X-Men) – have redefined the form. The pair's work in comics, film and television typically drags what pop culture considers "normal" through the looking glass and into the engrossing zone.
Here are the details on the unconventional tag team's sprawling project: Liquid Comics' visually impressive first issue of Dominion: Dinosaurs vs. Aliens, previewed above, recently arrived to confound anyone expecting T. rex chest-bursters and not much else. The Dinosaurs vs. Aliens motion comic premieres on Yahoo Screen later this month, and an Android app is already available.
Sonnenfeld's CGI-soaked movie – adapted for the screen by Morrison, who has been flirting with a Hollywood breakthrough for years – should touch down in a few years, barring an alien invasion or globally warmed enviropocalypse.
Wired nailed down both singular talents for an exclusive interview about the print and motion comics, as well as the promising film adaptation that Morrison calls a mashup of Jurassic Park and Apocalypse Now.
Wired: Grant, the comic so far reminds me of your deft touch on the moving We3. Translating creatures doesn't seem easy for audiences who need recognizable humans instead of humanized aliens in every scene or on every page.
Grant Morrison: The dinosaurs don't speak and what they do tells us who they are. Every dinosaur scene had to be constructed like a silent movie to ensure that "characters" of the various dinosaur heroes would come through clearly. So although the dinosaurs don't talk, they're fairly expressive physically and it was obvious that audiences would immediately root for the reptiles as the underdogs. We were trying to avoid the trap of "good" dinosaurs versus "evil" alien monsters, and we wanted to be able to shift the allegiance of the audience from one side to another as the story progressed. Which made it important to flesh out our aliens' motivations and personalities, too.
>"These aliens are conflicted, brave, frightened, hopeful and poised on the edge of extinction themselves." — Grant Morrison
Wired: "Relatability" has become something of a crutch in film and comics, but it nevertheless reigns. And you seemed to have pulled it off with these impressively complex aliens.
Morrison: As we know from watching animated movies like Wall-E, it's possible to create relatable characters who look barely human at all. So we decided to provide contrast to the buglike appearance of our aliens by making them very human in the way they talk and interact with one another. They're not just rapacious monsters from another world, as they might have been in a less ambitious movie. These aliens are conflicted, brave, frightened, hopeful and poised on the edge of extinction themselves. Establishing a new home on Earth is their last chance for survival.
Wired: Barry, you've got a gift for aliens and cult quirk. How does this film fit into your resume, and do you dig working more with creatures and oddballs than their more "normal" counterparts?
Barry Sonnenfeld: I view all the characters in the movies I direct as "normal," whether that's the Addams Family, the worm guys in Men in Black or The Tick. My direction to all of the actors, CG or human, is how that character behaves in that situation. I remember driving Will Smith crazy when they suggested that Frank, the talking alien pug dog in the Men in Black films, had to retire for a while because they had a drinking problem. I explained to Will that the alien race that Frank is a member of doesn't drink, and their idea didn't make sense. Will looked at me incredulously and said, "You're saying that you have no problem with a talking dog, but it doesn't make sense that they drink?!" "Absolutely," I said.
But Dominion: Dinosaurs vs. Aliens will be a very different film for me. It isn't a comedy, but a much darker PG-13 film than anything I have directed.
Morrison: As Barry says, the comic book version of the story and movie screenplay are very different from one another. It seemed important to treat the comic as its own thing, rather than produce a storyboard in comic form. The comic is more of a science-fiction story, and the use of diary-type narration gives it a more intimate, slowed-down pace.
"The closer I come to realizing Barry's initial idea, the more it feels like Jurassic Park meets Apocalypse Now." — Grant Morrison__Wired:__ Grant, much of the chatter on this project, online and off, comes packed with terminology like "insane" and "what?" and "how?" You've also remarked that no one has really seen anything like it. Can you tell us anything about what's in store, and the challenges involved in taking what seems like a very unusual concept and running with it?
Morrison: As the screenplay has developed over the last year, it's become a bigger and more epic story than the comic original. The lead character, Kit, is a soldier in the movie rather than a scientist as they appear in the comic. The movie is massive in every way, from the scale of the battles to the intensity of the character conflicts. If anything, the closer I come to realizing Barry's initial idea, the more it feels like Jurassic Park meets Apocalypse Now.
Wired: Grant, any thoughts on the transmedia approach? Between the comics, the motion comics and the films and planned sequels, you've got lots of irons in the fire.
Morrison: The various transmedia approaches all derive from the same basic world we've created. But I think they should all offer a slightly different take on the material. In the way that no two tellings of, say, the basic Robin Hood story are exactly the same.
Wired: The art on the comic is magnificent. Any thoughts on Singh, Kang and Liquid's artists?
Morrison: I've worked with Mukesh Singh before on 18 Days, and he's one of the best artists I've had the pleasure of collaborating with. It seems a shame that their work has been largely overlooked by comics fans in the United States. The Indian artists that Liquid uses are all operating at an extremely high standard and deserve to be much better known.
>"I view the dinosaurs as the native race, trying to protect Earth from an invading army." — Barry Sonnenfeld
Wired: Apocalypse, extinction and even ancient aliens are pretty topical these days, although the ancient aliens of Prometheus seemed problematic.
Sonnenfeld: I came up with the idea of Dominion: Dinosaurs vs. Aliens after reading a book by Hampton Sides called Blood and Thunder, about how the United States decimated Native Americans with the rise of Manifest Destiny and the peculiar role that Kit Carson played in that history. I view the dinosaurs as the native race, trying to protect Earth from an invading army. The dinosaurs lack technology, but they know their way around the planet, and how to use it. The movie isn't filled with metaphors and it isn't trying to drive home a message. But it does have a lot of surprises.
Morrison: Themes of apocalypse are very potent right now, as we live through a time of mass extinctions brought about by human intervention. Dinosaurs dominated the planet for 165 million years. Human civilizations have been around for 6,000 years and we're already well on the way to rendering the planet uninhabitable for ourselves and other species. So it's definitely worth using our entertainment media to talk about how that feels. Both dinosaurs and aliens can be seen as representatives of where we are as people right now.
>"The aliens are on meds for many of the same reasons as people in the 21st century!" — Grant Morrison
Wired: That explains why your aliens confess to being on meds, which is simply classic.
Morrison: The aliens are on meds for many of the same reasons as people in the 21st century!
Wired: You've hinted about taking this beyond the first film, but could you elaborate?
Morrison: With all the enthusiasm and creativity surrounding this project, it should come as no surprise that we've worked out a basic storyline for a trilogy of Dinosaurs vs. Aliens movies. We've created a massive backstory that involves everything from Babylonian mythology to Nazi flying saucers. So we're definitely aiming for spectacle, while trying to say something useful about the world we live in.
Images courtesy Liquid Comics
In another sign that bitcoin awareness is spreading in Southeast Asia, Malaysia now has at least one restaurant accepting the digital currency.
The restaurant, which serves Malaysian specialities, is called Nasi Dagang Capital and can be found in the Damansara Uptown district of Malaysia's largest city, Kuala Lumpur.
Business acceptance across the region has been slow to pick up, mainly due to lack of media attention and knowledge of bitcoin's benefits among merchants, but that may be slowly changing.
As is the case in many other cities, the eatery is the regular venue for KL's weekly bitcoin meetups and the proprietor was convinced to accept bitcoin by enthusiastic participants.
Locally produced payment apps
Nasi Dagang Capital is using merchant payment software developed especially for the Malaysian market by Arsyan Ismail, CEO of company ked.ai.
Available for Android devices in the Google Play Store, Bitcoin POS (also known as Bitcoin Terminal) is a point-of-sale app that processes bitcoin payments and deposits local currency into a bank account.
The software calculates total bitcoin payments for one business day and desposits that amount into the merchant's bank account the following morning.
“A guy on the street selling some hotdog can use the app to accept bitcoin, essentially we are the Square of Malaysia that receives bitcoin to cash,” said Arsyan.
Bitcoin potential
Despite low acceptance among local businesses, Malaysia has been fortunate with bitcoin so far. It has an active and tech-educated grassroots community, and an online chat group with hundreds of members using the mobile app KakaoTalk to discuss and coordinate trades.
The local advocacy group Bitcoin Malaysia is hard at work, developing ways to get as much bitcoin into local hands as possible via the exchange CryptoMarket.my and low-denomination preloaded scratch cards it sells on its website.
Furthermore, BitX recently expanded its secure wallet service internationally, and plans to launch a full-blown local exchange in 12 emerging markets including Malaysia. Plus, the country can boast two working bitcoin ATMs from Southeast Asian manufacturer Numoni.
Regulatory attitudes in Malaysia are quite liberal and mainly in tune with next-door neighbour Singapore. The Malaysian central bank, Bank Negara Malaysia, announced in January that it did not consider bitcoin to be legal tender, and thus would not seek to regulate its use at all.
Images courtesy CryptoMarket.my
Bond investor Bill Gross warned on Thursday that investors should not be tempted into buying high-flying equities and corporate bonds, given the possibility that U.S. President Donald Trump might fail to enact policies that fuel economic growth.
Wall Street's main indexes have rallied since Trump was elected president and remain close to all-time highs, driven by optimism that their policies may stimulate growth in various industries and push share prices even higher.
Continue Reading Below
"Don't be allured by the Trump mirage of 3-4 percent growth and the magical benefits of tax cuts and deregulation," Gross said in their latest Investment Outlook, which is released during the first week of every month.
"The U.S. and indeed the global economy is walking a fine line due to increasing leverage and the potential for too high (or too low) interest rates to wreak havoc on an increasingly stressed financial system. Be more concerned about the return of your money than the return on your money in 2017 and beyond."
Gross, who runs the Janus Global Unconstrained Bond Fund, characterized the run-up as the "Trump bull market and the current 'animal spirits' that encourage risk."
Details on Trump's plans remain scarce, however, and equity gains have moderated on growing concerns that stock valuations may be high.
Advertisement
The S&P 500 is trading at about 18 times forward earnings estimates against the long-term average of about 15 times, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Gross said the global economy has created more credit relative to GDP than that at the beginning of 2008's great credit recession.
"In the U.S., credit of $65 trillion is roughly 350 percent of annual GDP and the ratio is rising," Gross said.
"In China, the ratio has more than doubled in the past decade to nearly 300 percent. Since 2007, China has added $24 trillion worth of debt to its collective balance sheet. Over the same period, the U.S. and Europe only added $12 trillion each."
Gross said central banks are attempting to walk a fine line between generating mild credit growth that matches nominal GDP growth – "keeping the cost of credit at a yield that is not too high, nor too low, but just right. (Federal Reserve chair) Janet Yellen is a modern day Goldilocks."
While Gross rated Yellen as "so far, so good, I suppose," they said the U.S. recovery has been weak by historical standards. Yet banks and corporations have recapitalized, job growth has been steady and importantly - at least to the Fed - markets are in record territory, "suggesting happier days ahead."
But Gross said "our highly levered financial system is like a truckload of nitro glycerin on a bumpy road. One mistake can set off a credit implosion where holders of stocks, high yield bonds, and yes, subprime mortgages all rush to the bank to claim its one and only dollar in the vault."
It happened in 2008, Gross said, noting central banks were in a position to drastically lower yields and buy trillions of dollars via Quantitative Easing (QE) to prevent a run on the system.
"Today, central bank flexibility is not what it was back then," Gross said. "Yields globally are near zero and in many cases, negative. Continuing QE programs by central banks are approaching limits as they buy up more and more existing debt, threatening repo markets and the day to day functioning of financial commerce."
(Reporting By Jennifer Ablan; Editing by Bernard Orr)
Off the field, this dynamic creates a culture of upgrading. You go from Single-A to Double-A and that studio apartment becomes a one-bedroom, or you decide to pick up that new Xbox 360 so you can compete with your roommates. From Double-A to Triple-A, you scoop up that first car you had your eye on, or maybe you can get rid of roommates for once and for all. But there is nothing like going from whatever level to the major leagues. No telling what you might upgrade to.
What you covet as you advance is determined in part by the people ahead of you. It is a hyper-competitive environment and everyone is obsessed with what is happening in front of him. In spring training you cross paths with players at all levels in the organization, so you get to see what the next level looks like: “Oh, that's what Greg Vaughn is driving.” Or, “I didn't know you could get that kind of jewelry on a Triple-A salary.” Or, “When did they start dating Jessica Biel? What happened to their high-school sweetheart?” Guess they needed to be upgraded, too.
But no one sets the tone like the major leaguers. And to a young and impressionable rising minor leaguer, it is tempting to do exactly what the big leaguers are doing. After all, these are the players you idolized as a kid.
And so, all of a sudden, whatever you have is not enough. In fact, what you thought you wanted is not enough. It was fine in Single-A ball, but it's not going to pass the test in Triple-A. It is an internal battle to keep up with the Joneses, and it can play out in any area of your life if you are not careful.
Living on “Temptation Island” makes every single player susceptible to these material cravings. Those that don't fall prey (and there aren't many) are usually seen as having dedicated their lives to some pseudo-monastic pursuit. It is much easier to jump in and accept the “island,” and then try to extricate yourself from its clutches. Of course, jumping in makes getting out even harder, because it is kinda fun.
My first car was a Toyota Camry (despite my brother's efforts to sell me on a Porsche). It was a practical and well-researched pick and it drove like a charm. When I reached the highest level of A-ball in Winston-Salem, I had three roommates, one of whom was the first-round draft pick from two years before, Earl Cunningham. They were a super talent, ran like a linebacker with size and power. One of their prized possessions was a white Mercedes-Benz he'd picked up from major leaguer Matt Williams. It even had this alarm system that said, “VIPER! Stand back!” All in all, there was no way my Camry could hold a candle to their car — until one of our other roommates told Earl that my car rode more smoothly. Earl was crestfallen.
Photo
I remember that when I played in Chicago, it seemed like every time Sammy Sosa bought something, my friend Jose Hernandez picked up the same thing in another color. I don't know if they were competing with each other or just teammates taking advantage of some bulk discount deal while shopping together on off days.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Players will purchase just about anything, as if inspired to single-handedly act as our economic stimulus package. Player A knows someone who is selling something and vouches for them to Player B. So Player B buys from that someone. Pretty soon, the entire locker room is buying from this someone. It could be jewelry, houses, cars, cigars, whatever. A person who becomes a preferred vendor can start to influence the consumer culture of a whole team.
My first year in Philadelphia, I lived in a nice high-rise apartment on the 40th floor in the well-to-do Rittenhouse Square neighborhood. Great view, simple accommodations, reasonably priced. In my second year, my broker, with the best intentions, persuaded me that I deserved an apartment commensurate with major league tastes and needs. So, I moved.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
This all-inclusive apartment had a weekly housekeeper, front desk service, you name it — everything was taken care of. I was miserable there. The housekeeper gossiped to anyone who would listen about whatever my teammates and I were supposedly doing. Nothing like a lack of privacy in your own home. But I was in the big leagues, and I was supposed to live in the best place money could buy.
After a while, this attitude can take over just about everything. You start to notice your living quarters are getting nicer, more expensive, bigger and emptier. Single players usually ride this path right into enormous homes with no one living there except themselves and a dog, if they even have a dog. You have more services than you do socks.
The walls around your home also get higher — gated communities to protect privacy. Maybe you get that security system you thought was cool. For part of my career in Philadelphia, I lived directly across the street from Randy Wolf, a teammate and friend. I didn't see them for almost two years unless it was at the ballpark.
Soon you are getting farther away from your original tastes and closer to what you think a major-leaguer is supposed to live like. It takes a lot of introspection to realize that as you are “upgrading” you hit an invisible peak and then hit this precipitous downhill slope of declining benefits — because this particular home plate keeps moving, teasing you into needing to go just a little further. Sure, you could date actores and supermodels until you pry Angelina Jolie away from Brad Pitt, but you forget that when your career is over, the people whose approval you've been seeking stop paying attention. (Then again, baseball players have no sense of time; there is no clock pushing us to do anything.)
These diminishing returns are reflected in lost time or lost opportunity. Maybe you spend so much time chasing Halle Berry through their agent that you forgot about the girlfriend who was there for you when you had back surgery in the minor leagues. Maybe you get on a two-year waiting list for a car that only three people in the world have, only to miss driving your first car, the one with the sticky windshield wipers. Or maybe that McMansion going up on the waterfront for you and your posse (so that you can get onto “MTV Cribs”) takes so long to build that when your grandmother passes away you realize you spent more time looking at floor plans than sharing their last moments.
I recall a teammate at Yankee spring training giving me this wisdom about saving money: “Get a chef, you'll save on groceries.” Sure, why not? But it's a shame when, deep down, you really love to cook.
We call it advancement, the act of getting closer to something ahead or in front of us. But when we lock in on that target as the next step, sometimes we forget what got us here. The need to demonstrate success, the show and the glitter, all play into why we can end up chasing illusions that take us away from our true selves.
All players battle with this in some form, and most get lost for at least a moment or two (if you are lucky, that's the worst of it). But when you get disoriented, you just have to be courageous enough to turn around, re-group and look for home. That place where you can look closer at the match-up of needs versus wants. Something all the more pressing in today's climate.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Even if you have to go back down those stairs for a while.
UNIVERSITY PARK, Pa. - The Penn State Nittany Lion wrestlers' individual rankings remained steady in the latest release from Intermat and, as a team, Penn State inched up to No. 6 in Intermat's Tournament Power Index (TPI). In all, eight Nittany Lions are ranked among the top 20.
Junior Jordan Conaway (Abbottstown, Pa.) is ranked No. 11 at 125 with a 3-0 mark. Sophomore Jimmy Gulibon (Latrobe, Pa.) holds at No. 5 at 133 with a 3-0 mark. Sophomore Zack Beitz (Mifflintown, Pa.) is 3-0 at 149 and ranked No. 14. Senior Dylan Alton (Mill Hall, Pa.) is ranked No. 10 at 157 and is 0-0 on the year. Alton could see action this weekend at the Nittany Lion Open but that decision is not final as of Tuesday morning (press time).
Senior Matt Brown (West Valley City, Utah) is ranked No. 3 at 174 and is 3-0 while red-shirt first-year student Matt McCutcheon (Apollo, Pa.) is 6-3 and ranked No. 19 at 184. Junior Morgan McIntosh (Santa Ana, Calif.) is 3-0 at 197 and ranked No. 4 and senior Jon Gingrich (Wingate, Pa.) is ranked No. 7 at 285 with a 3-0 record as well.
Penn State is 3-0 overall, 0-0 B1G, after winning two road duals this past weekend (24-12 at Pittsburgh on Friday and 44-0 at Clarion on Saturday). The Nittany Lions return to action in the Nittany Lion Open on Sunday, Dec. 7, at 10 a.m. Penn State's next home dual is set for Friday, Dec. 19, when Virginia Tech visits Rec Hall for a 7 p.m. match-up. A limited number of SRO tickets are available for select Penn State Rec Hall dual meets. For ticket inquiries, call 1-800-NITTANY. Nittany Lion fans are encouraged to follow Penn State wrestling via Twitter at www.twitter.com/pennstateWREST and on Penn State Wrestling's Facebook page at www.facebook.com/pennstatewrestling. The 2014-15 Penn State Wrestling season is presented by The Family Clothesline.
Nacho Monreal says Arsenal will go match by match as they look to close the gap on the teams above them in the Premier League.
Saturday's 2-0 win over Sp*rs in the North London derby saw the Gunners reduce the deficit on their neighbours to one point, however, they still sit outside the Champions League positions in sixth and are 12 points adrift of leaders Manchester City.
As the games come thick and fast before Christmas, Monreal accepts that consistency will be key.
“What we all want is for the team to maintain this dynamic in the coming games,” they told the International Business Times.
“We are a team that when we are playing well, when we are focused, when we have solidarity…we are very hard. It's tough to play against us. It is true that we have this fault: we are a bit inconsistent.
“We are able to play two, three games at a very high level and then we have a dip. If we were more consistent we would be fighting for more things at the end of the season. But the win over Tottenham gives us confidence for the coming games.
“I think we don't have to be obsessed about setting a certain target. We go match by match. The target was to beat Tottenham and now the next one is to do the same in the Europa League. When the months of January, February arrive, we will see where we are and what we can achieve.
“We aim to win everything but we cannot become obsessed. In previous seasons we arrived at January as Premier League leaders, it seemed that we were going to win the title and in the end we suffered a blow.”
Arsenal travel to Cologne on Thursday, a match Monreal will likely be rested for, before taking on Sean Dyche's high-flying Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday.
Monreal also touched on the contract situation of Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez who both caught the eye in the North London derby. In just over six weeks, the Germany midfielder and Chile striker will both be allowed to talk to foreign clubs about a free move next summer. It's a situation that continues to cast a shadow over the Emirates, although Monreal doesn't seem too bothered.
“Yes, the feeling is that they will continue,” they added. “At no time have we talked about the possibility of them leaving. Not at all. They are committed to the group and we will see what happens.
“I can't say much about it. It does not depend on me. The situation is clear. They are two vital players for Arsenal. They are two players who end their contracts at the end of the season. If the club want them to stay beyond December [the January transfer window] they will follow. Yet, I do not know the club's intentions. It is other people who are the ones who have to make a decision.”
Cross Posted from Rising Tide North America
Portland Rising Tide dropped an anti-tar sands banner today from the Burnside Bridge. The group is acting in solidarity with communities, organizations and individuals resisting tar sands development across North America.
Rising Tide's action comes on the heels of the 2-week Tar Sands Action campaign in Washington DC. 1,253 American's were arrested in an act of civil disobedience at the White House to send a message to President Obama, asking them to stand up to Big Oil and deny the Keystone XL tar sands pipeline permits.
The Keystone XL pipeline is required for Big Oil to profit off of the social and environmental disaster that is the Alberta tar sands. Current tar sands mining has brought increased cancer rates, polluted water, and mass die-offs of birds and fish in the largely First Nation communities of northern Alberta.
Tar Sands Action organizers have put a call out for activists to hold the date October 7th for further action. This is the final Congressional hearing on the Keystone XL pipeline. Regionally, people are encouraged to visit their local Obama 2012 headquarters and inform staffers that you will withhold your support in the upcoming presidential elections until the pipeline is stopped.
Advertisements
Late Monday night, House Republicans unveiled a plan for reauthorizing the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP), which Congress allowed to lapse this past weekend.
Like its Senate counterpart, the bill lays out five years of CHIP funding, but reduces the amount of federal money going to help states cover low-income children and pregnant women after two years. Unlike the Senate bill, the entire package is funded by cuts to Medicare and the Affordable Care Act's prevention and public health fund.
The Democrats on the Energy and Commerce Committee, which marks up the bill on Wednesday, were less than thrilled with the plan.
“The legislation offered last night by Chairman [Greg] Walden is not a bipartisan agreement,” a Democratic aide for the committee said. “We should not be looking simply to make cuts in other health programs to reauthorize this critical legislation.”
The draft bill, posted around 9 p.m. Monday, makes the following cuts and restrictions in order to fund the program:
Charging seniors who earn more than $500,000 a year higher Medicare premiums. Allowing states to kick out Medicaid beneficiaries if they win the lottery. Shortening the grace period for people paying their Obamacare premium payments late Cutting more than $5 billion from the Affordable Care Act's prevention and public health fund.
The plan also includes aid to Puerto Rico's Medicaid program as the island struggles to recover from Hurricane Maria—about $1 billion over two years. But in order to get the bulk of that funding, the island will have to prove to the Fiscal Oversight Board currently ruling over its budget that it has “taken reasonable and appropriate steps during such period to reduce fraud, waste, and abuse … and improve the quality of care and patient experience.”
A Republican aide assured TPM that this funding—a fraction of the $8 billion Congress sent to Texas after Hurricane Harvey—is “solely related to PR's Medicaid cliff.” Even before Hurricane Maria devastated the island's health care system, it was on the brink of financial insolvency, one difficult piece of the U.S. territory's debt crisis.
“There will obviously be disaster specific funds appropriated in another capacity. That's simply not part of this committee's jurisdiction,” the aide said.
A memo released by the Republican majority of the Energy and Commerce Committee stressed the importance of passing the bill as quickly as possible.
“Without Congressional action, states could start to exhaust these funds as early as November,” the memo warned. “Additionally, if CHIP funding were not extended soon, states will need to take steps to notify CHIP children and families of possible changes in health coverage.”
Read the full draft bill below:
Jodie Foster is speaking out about sexual harassment, and specifically wants to hear from the man's perspective.
JODIE FOSTER ON SEXUAL HARASSMENT
While speaking with USA Today, the actor and director shared that this moment, when women are feeling empowered enough to come forward about their abusers, is extremely important. “We really are at a watershed moment,” they said. “This part has been painful: these wonderful, amazing narratives that take into consideration everybody's part in it. I'm really interested and looking forward to the men's point of view, and what comes next in terms of therapy.”
Foster broke into the industry at 12 years old when they landed a role in Martin Scorsese‘s Taxi Driver in 1976. Since then, they have played many lead roles and has also become an accomplished director. They know that sexual harassment is not simply an issue in Hollywood or in the film and TV industry, but across all industries.
“It's every industry. It's not just one socioeconomic bracket or one complexion,” they said. Even in Hollywood, “there are more women in executive positions than you can imagine, so I don't really think that changed anything. It didn't even change women directors. There's still just as few women directors as when there (were) four studio heads that were women, Maybe because I started making movies when there were no women, I saw how healthy it was when women came into the picture. When I'd go out on movie sets [before], it was like 175 guys in a small town. The second that they started normalizing and bringing women into the picture, which also brought children into the picture, then all of a sudden it wasn't so unhealthy and people were happier. It didn't feel like they were in some boot camp somewhere.”
But, Foster makes clear, this is not just a women's issue but a men's issue as well. They really want men to take a look at their part, even if one individually doesn't believe they're part of the problem. “Pretty much every man over 30 has to really look and start thinking about their part,” they implored. “And I guarantee, lots of it is unconscious. When you've been in a privileged position where you haven't had to look at your part, you didn't 100% understand you were in a bubble. It's an interesting time for men.”
Foster's hope, though, is for the next generation of women to be comfortable saying no and standing up for themselves. “I'm looking forward to a new millennial woman that knows that they can say no,” they said. “But honestly, I think what most women want is just for it to stop. They don't really want to have a lawsuit, they don't want to have to go on CBS This Morning 400 times. They'd actually just like it to stop and that'll be the good part.”
Federal and state agents arrested nearly 120 reputed Mafia members from seven East Coasts organized crime families Thursday, the largest coordinated arrest in the FBI's decades-long crackdown on La Cosa Nostra, the Justice Department said.
More than 800 law enforcement officers participated in the pre-dawn raids in New York City, New Jersey and New England, arresting defendants charged with crimes including murder, loansharking, extortion and labor racketeering. A total of 127 people have been charged, including alleged high-ranking members of some of the five New York City-based families, officials said.
The sweeping allegations against families with names such as Colombo and Gambino and men with titles such as consigliere and underboss recalled Mafia movies that have lingered in the popular imagination for decades. But authorities emphasized that the government still faces a deadly and resilient foe.
Federal officials said the scope and severity of the charges - which covered several alleged mob hits from the 1980s and 1990s and a 2002 murder in Queens, N.Y. - showed that the Mafia, also called La Cosa Nostra, is unbowed by the law enforcement crackdown.
"The notion that today's mob families are more genteel and less violent than in the past is put to lie by the charges contained in the indictments unsealed today," said Janice Fedarcyk, assistant director in charge of the FBI's New York field office. "Even more of a myth is the notion that the mob is a thing of the past, that La Cosa Nostra is a shadow of its former self."
But experts on the Mafia said the FBI's success has severely weakened the traditional organized crime families, whose members have been paraded off to prison in large numbers since the mid-1980s. Thursday's raids were the latest in a series of mass arrests, a tactic that experts said has become increasingly popular in recent years.
"A lot of these people have already been out of business for a very, very long time,'' said Jay Albanese, a Virginia Commonwealth University professor who studies organized crime. They said roughly 7,000 to 8,000 organized crime figures have been convicted nationwide since the first major racketeering indictment against the mob in 1985.
Albanese said mass arrests are designed, in part, to reinforce what has been one of the FBI's most successful tactics: recruiting mob turncoats. "You lock them up in different places, and everyone is much more willing to cut a deal because their best buddies have been arrested as well," Albanese said.
It was unclear whether attorneys had been appointed for the defendants, who were to appear in federal courts in four judicial districts.
Recently, the focus has been increasingly on Russian and other international organized crime organizations, which are also the subject of a Justice Department crackdown.
But Thursday's indictments had a certain sense of familiarity.
Some of the 85 defendants charged in federal court in Brooklyn are accused members of the New Jersey-based Decavalcante family, widely viewed as an inspiration for the television show "The Sopranos.''
And some of those charged - such as Andrew Russo, 76, alleged street boss of the Colombo family, and Richard Fusco, 74, reputed consigliere of the Colombo family - had job titles familiar to viewers of "The Godfather" and other Mafia movies stretching back to the 1970s.
Among other alleged high-ranking mob defendants charged are Luigi Manocchio, 83, former boss of the New England La Costa Nostra; Benjamin Castellazzo, 73, acting underboss of the Colombo family; and Joseph Corozzo, 69, consigliere of the Gambino family. In all, officials said, more than 30 official members of La Cosa Nostra, or "made men," face charges.
"A lot of these guys are very heavy hitters,'' said Robert J. Castelli, a Republican New York state assemblyman and former organized crime investigator. They called the arrests "very significant,'' but they added: "Is La Cosa Nostra gone because of this? Absolutely not. These people have the ability to change with the times.''
The crimes covered in the indictments include the 1993 murder of Colombo family underboss Joseph Scopo, who was shot in the passenger seat of a car outside their residence in Ozone Park, Queens, N.Y. Other counts involve the Colombo crime family's alleged long-standing control of a cement and concrete workers union in New York City.
Some of the charges are based in part on hundreds of hours of recorded conversations of members and associates of the Colombo family, authorities said, another common FBI tactic against organized crime.
Staff researcher Julie Tate contributed to this report.
HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba's leading human rights commission on Friday accused the government of having 60 political prisoners, a number the group acknowledges includes armed insurrectionists, hijackers and spies as well as peaceful political activists.
Cuba's Communist government has said it has no political prisoners, and that opponents mistakenly consider armed counter-revolutionaries and common criminals as political cases.
In addition to the 60 behind bars, another 11 former political prisoners are out on parole and unable to leave Cuba.
The Cuban Commission of Human Rights and National Reconciliation report was the first since Cuba released 53 people in connection with secret negotiations with the United States that led to last December's historic detente.
The Americans considered those 53 were political prisoners and their release was crucial to a deal in which the two longtime nemeses agreed to restore diplomatic relations.
The commission estimated 103 political prisoners in Cuba a year ago.
“There was a big reduction from last year because the government in Washington became involved in those 53 cases,” said Elizardo Sanchez, head of the commission.
The 60 current prisoners include seven armed anti-government infiltrators, about a dozen who hijacked or attempted to hijack a plane or boats to leave the country, four armed soldiers and a civilian collaborator who helped them try to desert, and others accused of violence or spying.
However, at least two dozen are being held on charges linked to peaceful political protests, according to the commission.
At least 13 belong to the Patriotic Union of Cuba (UNPACU), the largest dissident organization. Another prisoner is artist Danilo Maldonado, alias “El Sexto,” awaiting trial on “disrespect” for painting “Fidel” and “Raul” on a pair of pigs in a satire of former President Fidel Castro and current President Raul Castro, the commission said.
Sanchez said some on their list committed violence but were denied due process or given excessive prison terms for political reasons.
“The great majority are prisoners because of their political position, for their views, for their convictions,” Sanchez said. “It's true that there are no longer 15,000 political prisoners as there were 40 or 50 years ago. Before the repression was built on long prison sentences. Now it's based on many more short-term detentions, a few days or hours. The form has changed.”
The commission also publishes a monthly report of temporary detentions against political activists. It said 641 people were detained and released in May.
SYDNEY'S finals aspirations have copped a hit with star swingman Brad Newley ruled out indefinitely with a hamstring injury.
Newley tweaked their hamstring during the Kings' hard-fought loss to Perth on Saturday and it's unknown when he'll return.
The experienced sharpshooter requires scans on their injured hamstring and won't travel to New Zealand on Friday to take on the Breakers.
Kings coach Andrew Gaze is devastated to lose a player of Newley's calibre, especially with the team walking a tightrope to qualify for the post-season.
REPORT: Tough Wildcats outpoint Kings
The Kings Brad Newley will spend time on the sidelines after injuring themselves against Perth Source: News Corp Australia
“It's extraordinarily disappointing,” Gaze told The Daily Telegraph.
“Brad has been a very important part of our program this season and they have been playing really well.
“Even though sometimes they may not shoot the ball as well as they would like, their effort, their energy and the way in which they cause the opposition to guard him, they are going to be missed.
“But we are fortunate we've got good depth and we've got some other guys that can come in and we move on.”
Gaze remains hopeful Newley will return this season, but they won't know officially until they see scan results.
In the meantime, they say the Kings have the depth to push for a finals berth.
Versatile forward Greg Whittington is expected to replace Newley at small forward, while the likes of Tom Garlepp, Jeromire Hill, Garrett Jackson and
Craig Moller will all see more court time.
“It is sort of a rippling effect on how we mix it up,” they said.
“But as I said to the guys, in the last five or six games there has been a consistent pattern and that needs to change whether Brad is there or not.
Newley has been a key figure for the Kings all season Source: Getty Images
“Repeating what we've been doing is not going to be good enough.
“But there is going to be some opportunities for some guys and hopefully we can get the improvement that we need to get back on track.
“I'm certainly embracing the challenge.”
Gaze expects also rookie guard William McDowell-White to see more minutes, especially after their impressive NBL debut against Perth on Saturday.
The son of three-time AFL premiership winner Darryl White finished with eight points in just 10 minutes, while they won over plenty of admirers with their intensity in defence.
Kings coach Andrew Gaze described the loss of Newley as “extraordinarily disappointing” Source: Getty Images
“Will has made quick progress and they have only been here a week,” Gaze said.
“It seems like it has been a lot longer and for an 18-year-old kid the way in which they responded and the majority and composure was very impressive.
“Where Will is ultimately going to be successful goes beyond scoring.
“Right now, I think they are a better creator for others.
“He is a talented kid and they are making the type of progress where they are going to see more time.”
The Kings take on the Breakers in New Zealand from 5.30pm on Friday.
This question originally appeared on Quora: What do likable, pleasant people do differently?.
Answer by Jordan Phoenix, Director, Project Free World. Author, It's All My Fault: How I Messed Up the World, and Why I Need Your Help to Fix It
Here's some food for thought:
Imagine there was an entire country comprised only of clones of you. Try to envision -- in as much detail as possible -- what it would be like. Now imagine you had to create a Wikipedia page about this country. What would be its biggest strengths? What would be its greatest weaknesses? What social fabric problems would it have?
If you have trouble at first, you can do this same exercise a few times, but first substituting in other people you know to give you an idea of what it can teach you.
The reason why this thought exercise is so powerful is because it amplifies all of your character traits -- good and bad -- to an extreme degree. It will show you what you are doing that turns people off.
For example, if you are the type of person who cuts people off in traffic with no remorse, imagine what a disaster it would become if everyone in your entire country drove that way.
If you are dishonest and apathetic about other people's wants and needs, imagine if everyone acted that way. If you have a short fuse and a bad temper, imagine how much violence would break out in that place, and what an awful place it would be to live in.
If you're lazy, imagine the entire country not working, which would lead to economic collapse and starvation.
If you're too judgmental of others and try to bring them down rather than wanting to see them have fun, imagine living in a country with no entertainment, no arts, no nightlife, and how boring and unhappy it would become.
Now, think about the ideal type of country you'd want to live in. What traits should it have? How should the people act and treat one another? Is it possible to create a way of living and being such that if all of the clones acted that way, things would become amazing, and there wouldn't be any problems?
Once you can clearly see this vision in your mind, you now have the exact blueprint to become the type of person who almost everyone will enjoy being around.
More questions on Quora
After more than three years of development, Ceylon is now feature-complete. Ceylon 1.0 beta implements the whole language specification, providing the capability to execute Ceylon programs on both Java and JavaScript virtual machines and to interoperate with native code written for those platforms. This release includes:
a complete formal language specification that defines the syntax and semantics of Ceylon in language accessible to the professional developer,
a command line toolset including compilers for Java and JavaScript, a documentation compiler, and support for executing modular programs on the JVM and Node.js,
a powerful module architecture for code organization, dependency management, and module isolation at runtime, and
the language module, our minimal, cross-platform foundation of the Ceylon SDK.
Simultaneously, we're releasing Ceylon IDE 1.0 beta, the latest iteration of our full-featured Eclipse-based development environment.
New features of the language
This release introduces the following new language features, along with many bugfixes:
annotations and annotation constraints,
a typesafe metamodel,
"static" method and attribute references,
try with resources,
with resources, support for strings, integers, and characters in switch ,
, support for named unicode characters in string and character literals,
the ** scaling multiplication operator,
scaling multiplication operator, nonempty variadic parameters, and
a new improved syntax for calling concrete members of inherited interfaces.
The new features are summarized here.
New features of the IDE
This release of the IDE introduces performance improvements, many bugfixes, and:
support for launching Ceylon programs on the module runtime,
paste-with-imports, and autoindentation on paste,
integration with Eclipse's built-in file and package refactorings,
inline "linked-mode" rename, and rename support for references in documentation strings,
improvements to autocompletion, including "linked-mode" argument completion,
much improved integration for Eclipse's merge viewer,
integration with the commandline toolset's configuration file format,
several new quick fixes and assists, including new quick assists for adding and changing import aliases, and
a new editor preferences page.
You can see screenshots of the new release here.
Community
The Ceylon community site includes documentation, and information about getting involved.
http://ceylon-lang.org
SDK
The platform modules, recompiled for 1.0 beta, are available in the shared community repository, Ceylon Herd.
https://herd.ceylon-lang.org
Source code
The source code for Ceylon, its specification, and its website, is freely available from GitHub:
https://github.com/ceylon
Issues
Bugs and suggestions may be reported in GitHub's issue tracker.
Acknowledgement
We're deeply indebted to the community volunteers who contributed a substantial part of the current Ceylon codebase, working in their own spare time. The following people have contributed to this release:
Gavin King, Stéphane Épardaud, Tako Schotanus, Emmanuel Bernard, Tom Bentley, Aleš Justin, David Festal, Flavio Oliveri, Max Rydahl Andersen, Mladen Turk, James Cobb, Tomáš Hradec, Michael Brackx, Ross Tate, Ivo Kasiuk, Enrique Zamudio, Roland Tepp, Diego Coronel, Brent Douglas, Corbin Uselton, Loic Rouchon, Lukas Eder, Markus Rydh, Matej Lazar, Julien Ponge, Julien Viet, Pete Muir, Nicolas Leroux, Brett Cannon, Geoffrey De Smet, Guillaume Lours, Gunnar Morling, Jeff Parsons, Jesse Sightler, Oleg Kulikov, Raimund Klein, Sergej Koščejev, Chris Marshall, Simon Thum, Maia Kozheva, Shelby, Aslak Knutsen, Fabien Meurisse, Paco Soberón, Sjur Bakka, Xavier Coulon, Akber Choudhry, Ari Kast, Dan Allen, Deniz Türkoglu, F. Meurisse, Jean-Charles Roger, Johannes Lehmann.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The initial plan was to add on a second story to the original one story house. This would turn a seven hundred square foot house into a fourteen hundred square foot place and bring the building up to the same height as the existing homes on either side. I intended to hold the property for many years while renting to high quality tenants. The most likely demographic was the post-college/pre-children group and older singles and couples. The greatest market demand in the area was for good quality studio and one-bedroom apartments which rent for between $700 and $1,000. I asked the designer to draw up a traditional mother/daughter duplex which are common throughout the old neighborhood. One year and a few thousand dollars worth of billable hours later the designer was still arm wrestling the city for permission to move forward.
First, a duplex was forbidden. Zoning stipulated single family homes only. Full stop. The city was very clear that multi-family buildings with transient populations were a major contributor to blight and a threat to the social fabric and stability of the neighborhood. Okay… So I asked the designer to submit new plans for a single family home knowing that the most likely tenants would be young professionals who would share the place as roommates. Shrug. Whatever. The numbers would be about the same.
In the process of submitting the revised drawings the city informed us that we were not permitted to add a second story. End of conversation. Why? Well… the lot was too small to legally contain a home. Back in the 1950's a suburban style zoning code was laid over the old 1890's neighborhood. The existing shack was grandfathered in, but any addition would have to conform to the new code, set back requirements, et cetera, and none of that would be physically possible on a tiny city lot.
There were a million other bumps in the road, variance hearings, waiting, waiting, waiting, review boards, waiting, waiting, waiting, blah, blah, blah that I won't go into here.
The only legal option was to renovate the existing shack within the original envelope. But the cost of bringing this sad little one bedroom, one bath shotgun up to code – forget about making it the kind of place that middle class tenants would want to live in – far exceeded the likely low rental income. The only way the numbers would add up is if we did a half-assed patch job. Get the lights to come on. See that the toilet flushes property. Make sure the furnace works. Replace the broken windows with cheap vinyl units. Slap some paint on the walls. Cover the floors with bargain carpeting and linoleum. In the end, I'd be a slum lord taking Section 8 vouchers. Meh.
By the one year anniversary of this endeavor exactly nothing had been done to the property. Zero progress of any kind. Bubkas. Squat. By that point, I had had enough with the city and pulled the plug. I sold and walked away.
Fyre Festival was advertised as “the unparalleled best in music, cuisine, design & hospitality on a private island in the Exumas”—but according to patrons, the experience was anything but luxurious.
Originally, festival goers were promised a roundtrip to the Bahamas on a custom, VIP Boeing 737 aircraft, which would escort them from Miami International Airport to Exuma International Airport. According to BuzzFeed, Tickets cost between $2,000 to $12,000. The Wall Street Journal reported that tickets were up to $250,000.
Are you ready? #FyreFestival A post shared by FYRE FESTIVAL (@fyrefestival) on Jan 3, 2017 at 4:04pm PST
Two weekend options were available: this weekend (April 28 – 30) and next weekend (May 5 – 7).
Advertisements for this festival started in December. In fact, you can still find some of the original teaser videos on their Facebook.
Those luxurious videos on Fyre Fest's Instagram continued up until the festival.
3 days #fyrefestival Scroll Right �� A post shared by FYRE FESTIVAL (@fyrefestival) on Apr 25, 2017 at 6:21pm PDT
According to Vanity Fair, the festival is a product of Fyre Media, a booking company from rapper Ja Rule and their tech partner Billy McFarland.
However, not only have Fyre not delivered on their luxurious accommodations, but it seems they also haven't delivered on basic necessities, such as adequate food, housing and electricity.
That Twitter user was dropped off on the beach without any instruction.
And it's kind of a total shitshow @fyrefestival dropped us off at a beach yesterday after the airport without telling us any plan… — Amanda Rost (@amanda_rost) April 28, 2017
Leaving the island was also a struggle. Some were stuck on planes for hours. One guest has posted a video of the doors of the airport being chained shut.
We have been locked indoors with no air NO FOOD and NO water #fyrefestival #fyrefest fyrefraud pic.twitter.com/wg5pZmSvnx — Lamaan (@LamaanGallal) April 28, 2017
Welcome to Exuma! Sunrise at Fyre Fest. Still on the same plane we've been on since 1:30 am. My stomach is eating itself. #fyrefestival pic.twitter.com/dammDl4auy — William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017
That Twitter user, William Finley, documented their entire experience on social media and spoke to Buzzfeed News.
So Fyre Fest is a complete disaster. Mass chaos. No organization. No one knows where to go. There are no villas, just a disaster tent city. pic.twitter.com/1lSWtnk7cA — William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 27, 2017
“It's just all unbelievable,” they say. “We saw that it was kind of suspect in the weeks leading up but we gave them the benefit of the doubt, thinking they'd pull it off in time. It was complete chaos.”
They added accommodations were not set up when guests arrived. The food was apparently reminiscent of “state fair and not the world-class international culinary experience that they advertised,” they continue.
Here's the “culinary experience” we got for our artists pass at Fyre Festival. pic.twitter.com/Kk9q9uvkX0 — William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017
A view of the luxury food court with some luxury school bus transportation at Fyre Festival. #fyre #fyrefestival pic.twitter.com/XL3PtRw8q0 — William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017
These are the secure lockers at Fyre Fest. They forgot to tell us we needed locks. #fyrefestival #fyrefest pic.twitter.com/Tqyjqbg2Gy — William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017
This is how Fyre Fest handles luggage. Just drop it out of a shipping container. At night. With no lights. #fyrefestival pic.twitter.com/X5CdZRyJWo — William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017
Live from Fyre Festival. https://t.co/gi9dXgQAzE — William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017
We've left Fyre Fest. We're now at the airport. Goodbye, Fyre Fest, we hardly knew ye. pic.twitter.com/QGobnJo2bW — William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017
The line of ex Fyre Festers at the Exuma International Airport. Yes that's throw up. #fyre #fyrefestival pic.twitter.com/jSZHg0F0Kn — William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017
Also, we found a notebook from one of the Fyre Fest planners on the ground. It is amazing. #fyrefestival #fyre pic.twitter.com/jFib0nO2RW — William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017
We have now gotten off the plane because they can't get the headcount and the manifest to match up. This is fine. #fyrefestival #fyre pic.twitter.com/W89nddb6Fe — William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017
We have to get off the plane because we've been sitting on the runway too long. They have to bring in a new crew. #fyrefestival pic.twitter.com/jMCRUy4PsC — William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017
A guy just passed out in the airport because it's so hot since they locked us in. The guards got into it with some guys. #fyrefestival — William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017
They finally opened the doors to let some air in. The guy is ok. #fyrefestival pic.twitter.com/D7j5qtzsGi — William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017
According to Vanity Fair, 40 acts were scheduled to perform. Some of the headlining artists for Fyre Festival included Blink-182, G.O.O.D Music and Major Lazer. Blink-182 cancelled both their performances at the festival yesterday through this post on their social media, citing that they were “not confident that [they] would have what [they] need to give you the quality of performances [they] always give their fans.”
Blink-182 and KAYTRANADA are, at this point, the only ones to have tweeted about the festival.
Others are relieved they didn't perform.
A Twitter account called Fyre Festival Fraud has already been created, documenting the disparities between what was promised and what was delivered. It has shown that the tents that guests of the festival were given were actually leftover disaster relief shelters from Hurricane Matthew.
The luxury festival tents are left over disaster relief shelters from @USAID Fyre Festival scammed us! https://t.co/kW4olVKgzY #fyrefestival pic.twitter.com/8QYkQ3jIPR — FyreFestivalFraud (@FyreFraud) April 25, 2017
@FyreFraud Just a reminder of what “The Duo” was originally sold as pic.twitter.com/gKz90zNBvu — Michele Smith (@MicheleSmi) April 27, 2017
The “#FyreFestival” hashtag on Twitter has featured many guests of the festival sharing their experiences, including the festival feeding their guests pieces of bread with cheese, an unfinished concierge tent along with hardly any electricity.
Stuck at #fyrefestival trying to leave for the last 8 hours. barley any food or water or security or electricity pic.twitter.com/jHPMnJw5gx — Lamaan (@LamaanGallal) April 28, 2017
The festival has taken to Instagram to respond to the criticisms they're receiving online, writing that they'd be postponing the festival. You can read their entire post below.
Fyre Festival set out to provide a once-in-a-lifetime musical experience on the islands of Exuma. Due to circumstances beyond our control, we must postpone this experience. We are working tirelessly to ensure each guest leaves the island safely and ask for everyone's patience and cooperation as we continue to provide ongoing updates via email and our official social media channels as they become available, including refund information. A post shared by FYRE FESTIVAL (@fyrefestival) on Apr 28, 2017 at 7:04am PDT
Yet, according to The Observer, the festival looked to be doomed before it even started. The Wall Street Journal stated:
“Its organizers missed a series of deadlines to make advance payments to performers. Last week, some artists still hadn't been paid what they were owed based on the terms of their contracts, according to people familiar with the matter, but the event's promoters in recent days made progress in catching up with payments, and in some cases have paid acts in full.”
Fyre Festival's website was erased of any content during the controversy, and they've prevented any comments being made on their Instagram. However, archived versions of the website show what was promised, such as a treasure hunt featuring “rare luxuries, over $1 million in treasure, and perhaps an island of one's very own.”
The Bahamas Ministry of Tourism released this statement:
Bahamas official statement on Fyre Festival #FyreFestival pic.twitter.com/NQo8AmXZlQ — The Bahamas (@VisitTheBahamas) April 28, 2017
As of this morning, Fyre Festival has updated its website with the following message:
“Fyre Festival set out to provide a once-in-a-lifetime musical experience on the Islands of the Exumas.
Due to circumstances out of our control, the physical infrastructure was not in place on time and we are unable to fulfill on that vision safely and enjoyably for our guests. At this time, we are working tirelessly to get flights scheduled and get everyone off of Great Exuma and home safely as quickly as we can. We ask that guests currently on-island do not make their own arrangements to get to the airport as we are coordinating those plans. We are working to place everyone on complimentary charters back to Miami today; this process has commenced and the safety and comfort of our guests is our top priority.
The festival is being postponed until we can further assess if and when we are able to create the high-quality experience we envisioned.
We ask for everyone's patience and cooperation during this difficult time as we work as quickly and safely as we can to remedy this unforeseeable situation. We will continue to provide regular updates via email to our guests and via our official social media channels as they become available.
-The Fyre Festival Team”
We were first introduced to Annie Ilonzeh during their days on General Hospital. Today, you can catch them every week on Empire as they star a persistent journalist, Harper Scott. The Nigerian-American actor who hails from Dallas, Texas is one of 5 girls in their family and notes that they grew up in a frugal home. “We didn't have the luxury to get our nails done all of the time,” notes Ilonzeh. She's a tomboy at heart with girl next-door appeal that prefers sweats to evening gowns, and has a serious knack for at-home nail art.
When she's not on set, writing or living their best fit life at the gym, it's likely that you'll find them nestled in the comfort of their home jamming their favorite songs and doing their nails. “I was a manicurist in another life,” they state. “Being pampered is great, but sometimes I like to do those things myself because it's a little therapeutic and gives me some downtime for myself—and I need that,” they state. Between readings and 14-hour set days, some downtime is definitely needed. Ilonzeh's go-to polish is anything nude, they admit to hoarding nude polish and finding it hard to resist buying a new shade (we hear you, girl!) The perfect finishing touch to them manicure? An accent nail—and we're not just talking a basic polish change. Ilonzeh goes the distance and experiments with jeweled accents, caviar finishes and marbled art—yea, it's serious! She's a beauty minimalist after our own hearts!
Every Friday on the blog, I answer people's questions about sex, love, and relationships. This week's question comes from a reader who wanted to know the following:
“I've always heard that you can tell how big a guy's penis is by looking at other parts of their body, like the size of their feet. Is this true?”
Great question! I have heard a lot of people say things like this too (e.g., that a man's penis length is approximately one-half of their shoe size). So what has the research in this area found? In a 2002 study, researchers collected data on shoe size and penis size from 104 male patients who visited a urologist's office in the United Kingdom [1]. To ensure accuracy, physicians performed all of the penile measurements (perhaps not surprisingly, when guys measure their own penises, they tend to overestimate). Specifically, doctors measured the length of each man's flaccid penis while it was fully stretched (this was done in order to approximate erect size). Although there was quite a bit of variability in both shoe size (which ranged from 5.5 to 13 in European sizes) and penis length (which ranged from 6-18 cm, or 2.4-7.1 inches), there was no correlation between them. In other words, the size of a man's feet revealed nothing about the length of their penis.
So, there doesn't seem to be anything to that idea. However, it might interest you to know that research has found that penis size is related to other male physical characteristics. For instance, a different study found that finger length ratios are associated with penis length [2]. Specifically, the shorter a man's index finger is relative to their ring finger, the longer their penis tends to be. Why is that? Both of these factors are thought to be related to early exposure to high levels of testosterone (for more on this study, see here).
Other research has found that penis size is positively correlated with a man's height and negatively correlated with their weight [3]. This tells us that taller and skinnier guys tend to be more well-endowed.
As you can see, although research doesn't back up the idea that penis size and shoe size are related, there are several other physical characteristics that may hint at a man's endowment. However, please keep in mind none of these factors (i.e., height, weight, and finger lengths) are reliable indicators of penis size in all cases--we're only talking about general trends here. For example, there are plenty of short guys with larger penises and a lot of tall guys with smaller penises. In other words, appearances can be deceiving.
For previous editions of Sex Question Friday, click here. To send in a question for a future edition, click here.
Want to learn more about Sex and Psychology? Click here for previous articles or follow the blog on Facebook (facebook.com/psychologyofsex), Twitter (@JustinLehmiller), or Reddit (reddit.com/r/psychologyofsex) to receive updates.
[1] Shah, J., & Christopher, N. (2002). Can shoe size predict penile length? British Journal of Urology International, 90, 586.
[2] Choi, I. H., Kim, K. H., Jung, H., Yoon, S. J., Kim, S. W., & Kim, T. B. (2011). Second to fourth digit ratio: A predictor of adult penile length. Asian Journal of Andrology, 13, 710-714.
[3] Ponchietti, R., Mondaini, N., Massimiliano, B., Di Loro, F., Biscioni, S., & Masieri, L. (2001). Penile length and circumference: A study on 3,300 young Italian males. European Urology, 39, 183–186.
Image Source: iStockphoto.com
You Might Also Like:
Russia will deliver weapons to support the Libyan government if a United Nations weapons embargo is lifted, said Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov, the country's special envoy to the Middle East and Africa, on Thursday. Egypt and Libya have both requested that the arms embargo, which has been in place since 2011, be lifted so that Libya can combat the threat of ISIS and bring order to the civil war that has raged for nearly a year.
"The issue will be discussed at the U.N. Security Council. The basic understanding -- and we share this -- is that there are legally elected authorities in Libya," Bogdanov said. "Of course, we would like to really help Libya's authorities to strengthen the state power bodies, army and law enforcement forces."
Under the dictatorship of Moammar Gadhafi, which began in 1969 and ended in mid-2011, Libya bought much of its military hardware from the Soviet Union and then latterly Russia. But since the U.N. intervention, which brought with it the embargo, Russian sales of military equipment and parts for previously sold equipment have ended.
"Traditionally, we had very successful military and technical cooperation with Libya. We are ready to resume this cooperation, but for this the common understanding in the U.N. Security Council is needed," said Bogdanov, who also mentioned concerns about those weapons falling into the wrong hands.
The discussion of Russia supplying weapons to Libya previously was raised by Russia's permanent representative to the United Nations in February. Vitaly Churkin, like Bogdanov, said they feared Libyan forces could be overwhelmed and the weapons end up in the hands of rebel groups or the Islamic State group, as was the case with U.S.-supplied weapons in Iraq.
Russia recently renewed its military ties with Iran by supplying it with a state-of-the-art missile defense system. The sale came about after Iran and a U.S.-led group of five countries came to an agreement regarding Iran's nuclear ambitions. While sanctions have not been lifted yet, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said the sale was a goodwill gesture for Iran's cooperation.
Marie Harf, a State Department spokesperson, called for both sides to do whatever they could so the displaced could receive humanitarian aid.
Neighboring countries and global powers, including the United States, China and the United Nations, placed significant pressure on the parties to reach an agreement, fearing that the fighting could escalate into a protracted civil war or even a wider regional conflict. Ugandan troops have been fighting alongside government forces, helping to push back the rebels.
The South Sudanese government of President Salva Kiir and the rebels had difficulty finding common ground, in particular on the question of the release of prisoners who support the former vice president, Riek Machar. Negotiators spent weeks at the luxury Sheraton hotel in Addis Ababa, trying to reach a deal that could bring an end to the fighting.
In their statement, Mr. Obama said that “the full participation of political detainees currently being held by the government of South Sudan will be critical” to future negotiations.
The conflict began on Dec. 15 with a clash at a military barracks in Juba. Mr. Kiir accused their rival, Mr. Machar, of staging a coup attempt. Mr. Machar denied it and fled to the bush. Forces loyal to Mr. Machar, who was ousted as vice president in July, took up arms against the government. Fighting between the two sides quickly escalated; state capitals including Bor, Malakal and Bentiu have changed hands repeatedly, with heavy casualties for civilians as well as combatants.
Taban Deng Gai, head of the opposition's delegation, said that their side did not take part in an attempted coup and was not responsible for the hostilities. They called for the immediate release of detained opposition members. “We believe our comrades who are still languishing in jail are prisoners of their political convictions,” they said. They demanded “their release to join the next stage of comprehensive and inclusive national political dialogue.”
Mr. Nhial, the head of the government delegation, said that the true test would be whether the rebels could live up to their promise to stop hostilities. Neither side is considered very disciplined. The rebels include armed civilians, and it is unclear how much control Mr. Machar exercises over them.
A 35-year-old woman was arrested on Tuesday on suspicion of setting fire to a car belonging to a man who refused to give them a cigarette.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The incident occurred in the middle of the day at a gas station in Jerusalem, while the driver's brother sat in the car. Fortunately, no one was hurt.
Security footage of the incident (קרדיט: דוברות המשטרה)
X
Security footage led to the apprehension and arrest of the suspect soon after the crime. They denied the accusation during questioning, saying they had been mistaken for someone else.
The owner of the vehicle told Ynet on Wednesday morning that they had seen the woman around their workplace, and that they occasionally ask people from money. "I told investigators that I pity them a bit, because it looks like they were in serious distress," they said.
The woman's mother said that they daughter was mentally unstable.
They remand has been extended until next Sunday.
Update: This call is now closed, but if you're a super experienced and hyper talented programmer or artist, take a look at our jobs page 🙂
Hello Games has docked at the orbital spacestation. We're loading up our ship with provisions and rocket fuel. Most importantly we're making sure we have the right crew, the most amazing crew ever assembled … before we fly off into the centre of the sun.
Do you want to come too? We want to make a dent in the universe…
We're still a small crew, and we're going to stay that way, but we have room on our ship for one or maybe two lovely people with hyper-brains and incredi-charm and a love of fun.
Right now we're looking for anyone who is super-talented, hardworking and incredibly excited about No Man's Sky (and also a nice person!). But to give you an idea of what we're looking for, these are the roles we'd consider hiring the perfect person for.
Productioning
Production Assistant
You are the most organised person you know, and have some relevant experience.
You love organising things, and facilitating people.
You want a career in games production (not design or whatever).
You are the best person at problem-solving that you know. You see a problem and you can't help yourself: BAM it's solved.
You love games.
Send us a mail to apply!
Experienced Producer
You probably have 4+ years experience at a game studio and fancy a proper challenge.
You have shipped AAA games in the past and specialise in liaising with large external organisations.
You are the best facilitator you know. It's your favourite pastime. You facilitate to have fun, you facilitate to relax. You are THE facilitator.
You love games.
Send us a mail to apply!
Programmering
Junior Programmer
You have good grades from a computer science, maths or similar degree.
You have some demos of things you've been working on in your spare time that are pretty impressive.
You are the best programmer you know. A perfect weekend is getting down and programming something amazing, just for you.
You love games.
Send us a mail to apply!
Senior Programmer
You probably have 4+ years experience at a game studio and fancy a challenge.
You might have lots of networks, or next-gen PC/console graphical/optimisation experience.
You can turn your hand to anything code-related, and enjoy working on all aspects of making a game.
You are the best programmer you know. You get confused betweeen Christmas and Halloween because DEC 25 is equivalent to OCT 31.
You love games.
Send us a mail to apply!
Arting
Junior Artist
You have a portfolio of things you've been working on in your spare time that look super cool.
You can turn your hand to anything art-related, from concept to modelling, characters to environments.
You are the best artist you know. You just can't stop drawing or modelling stuff. It's scary.
You love games.
Send us a mail to apply!
Please note!
We don't hire interns, external contractors or unpaid students. Sorry! If you join the team, you have to join the team for reals, to the bitter end, and we have to pay you 🙂
You also have to work from our office in Guildford, UK. Good luck! Oh, and email us at jobs@hellogames.co.uk with the role you're applying for in the subject line! Or use the links above 🙂
Pride, prejudice and punishment: Gay rights around the world
Updated
Australians have voted in favour of legalising same-sex marriage — but elsewhere in the world gay people can struggle to simply stay out of jail.
Being openly gay is effectively illegal in more than 70 countries — and can result in severe punishment, sometimes even death.
See how Australia's position on same-sex marriage compares around the world.
The state of marriage rights
Voters' 'yes' response to the SSM postal survey is Australia's latest step towards allowing same-sex couples to marry, and may prove close to the culmination of a long campaign.
Campaigners have suggested Australia is lagging behind rest of the world.
It is fair to say that most countries with similar cultural backgrounds to Australia have now legalised same-sex marriage, but based on total country numbers, Australia remains part of the majority in restricting marriage to couples made up of a man and a woman.
Out of 209 countries the ABC examined, only 24 allow same-sex couples to marry.
There is no same-sex marriage in Asia or the Middle East, and South Africa is the only country in Africa to have legalised it.
In Europe, the legal status of same-sex marriage is mixed. The Netherlands was the first country in the world to legalise same-sex marriage in 2001, with other Western countries including the United Kingdom, France, Spain and Germany following it.
Yet more than half of European Union members have not.
Some countries in Eastern Europe have recently sought to amend their constitutions to entrench the "traditional definition" of marriage:
Hungary brought in a new constitution in 2011 that specifically restricts marriage to heterosexual couples.
brought in a new constitution in 2011 that specifically restricts marriage to heterosexual couples. Voters in Croatia (2013) and Slovakia (2015) voted to change the definition of marriage in their constitutions so that it applies only to a union of a man and a woman, although the Slovakian referendum was invalid due to a low turnout.
(2013) and (2015) voted to change the definition of marriage in their constitutions so that it applies only to a union of a man and a woman, although the Slovakian referendum was invalid due to a low turnout. In December 2015, Slovenian voters rejected the legalisation of same-sex marriage in a referendum.
Australia made a similar amendment to its Marriage Act in 2004, adding a definition of marriage as "the union of a man and a woman to the exclusion of all others".
How have countries legalised same-sex marriage?
In Australia, Parliament can legalise same-sex marriage by amending the Marriage Act but the Government's policy has been that its MPs will only be able to vote for same-sex marriage if a majority of Australians support the change via a plebiscite.
The Government's compulsory plebiscite proposal was defeated in the Senate. Instead, the non-compulsory Australian Marriage Law Postal Survey was run by the Australian Bureau of Statistics between September 12 and November 7.
After the survey returned a yes outcome, a private member's bill will now be debated in Parliament to legalise marriage between people of the same sex.
Out of the countries that have legalised same-sex marriage:
Only one country, Ireland , put the change to a people's vote. A referendum was legally required, held in May 2015, and overwhelmingly passed.
, put the change to a people's vote. A referendum was legally required, held in May 2015, and overwhelmingly passed. Parliaments legalised same-sex marriage in 20 countries.
Court rulings prompted the change in five countries.
The highest-profile court decision was in the United States in 2013, when the Supreme Court effectively legalised same-sex marriage by finding the Defence of Marriage Act was unconstitutional.
Most recently, in April 2017, the Constitutional Court of Taiwan (Republic of China) ruled that the Taiwanese law defining marriage as a union between a man and a woman was unconstitutional. It ordered that a change in the law had to occur within two years. At the time of writing, same-sex marriage is still unavailable in Taiwan.
Where is being gay illegal?
Marriage is an important issue in Western countries but elsewhere in the world, LGBT people can struggle to simply stay out of jail.
There are more than 70 countries where homosexual acts are illegal.
The countries shaded in the map above are those where there is a law that prohibits homosexual acts in part or all of the country.
Most of these countries fall within two main categories — just over half are former colonies mostly in Africa that inherited discriminatory laws but never repealed them, while the others are majority-Muslim countries.
The International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association (ILGA) publishes an annual report of "state-sponsored homophobia".
What exactly is outlawed varies from country to country. Twenty-eight states only prohibit relations between men.
A common formulation is a prohibition of "carnal intercourse against the order of nature".
Sometimes gay sex is placed in the same category as bestiality.
In India it is an offence to "voluntarily [have] carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man, woman or animal".
it is an offence to "voluntarily [have] carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man, woman or animal". In Mauritius , it is a crime to commit "sodomy or bestiality".
, it is a crime to commit "sodomy or bestiality". In Uganda, a law provides for a seven-year jail term for anyone who conducts a same-sex marriage ceremony.
Not all the countries with these laws actually enforce them for consensual sex at home.
The Singapore Penal Code prohibits "any act of gross indecency with another male person" in "public or private", with a maximum penalty of two years in prison.
But National University of Singapore Assistant Professor Lynette Chua says the ban has "seldom been applied in private, consensual situations and [is] typically used in non-consensual situations or cases involving minors".
Similarly, Shakira Hussein of the National Centre of Excellence for Islamic Studies at the University of Melbourne suggests that in Islam "on all sexual matters ... it isn't the act itself that is to be punished but the public commission of it".
"Some sharia scholars say that the laws against illicit sex should basically be regarded as laws against public indecency, since they require four witnesses."
Even if bans aren't strictly enforced, they often still have a harmful impact on LGBT people.
Achim Hildebrandt of the University of Stuttgart says such bans "represent an ever-present threat of blackmail and public disgrace ... they drive gays and lesbians out of public life and prevent them from demanding more far-reaching reforms such as the outlawing of discrimination in the workplace and the housing market".
Where do LGBT people risk the death penalty?
The death penalty is in place for same-sex sexual acts in at least 11 countries.
According to the IGLA, the death penalty applies in Sudan, Iran, Saudi Arabia and Yemen and in parts of Nigeria and Somalia.
In theory the death penalty could also be imposed in Mauritania, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates through sharia law, but this does not appear to have occurred in practice.
Information on when the death penalty has been carried out is not readily available.
The "Erasing 76 Crimes" blog, which advocates for the repeal of anti-LGBT laws around the world, indicates that only Iran and Saudi Arabia have actually carried out executions for same-sex activity in recent times.
The blog's founder, Colin Stewart, says that in Saudi Arabia "beheadings have been imposed for homosexual behaviour in the past, including three men in 2002, but imprisonment and lashings are a more common punishment".
"Iran is second in the world for frequency of executions [after China], including executions for homosexual activity, although the facts about the offences being punished are often unclear or misrepresented in news accounts."
At the same time, Dr Hussein points out the existence of established trans communities in Iran and Pakistan. They tell the ABC:
"Some same-sex male couples circumvent laws against homosexuality by getting a doctors' certificate to say that one half of the couple is a trans woman. Supposedly, this is meant to be followed up with surgery, but that isn't necessarily carried through. "Pakistan has had a 'third gender' option on the national ID card for a few years now [and] Iran has one of the highest rates of male-to-female trans surgery in the world."
What other forms of harassment take place?
Intimidation of LGBT people is not restricted to the threat of jail or death.
Homosexuality is legal in Russia but in recent years the Government has imposed laws that ban "promotion" of "sodomy, lesbianism, bisexuality and transgenderism".
Omar G Encarnacion of Bard College in New York suggests that Russia's law "is so broad that it outlaws gay pride parades, public displays of affection by same-sex couples, gay symbols such as the rainbow flag, and even a public admission of homosexuality, unless made in the way that casts homosexuality in a negative light".
Closer to home, Singapore takes a tough line on "promotion" of LGBT issues — on paper at least.
According to Assistant Professor Chua, "Singaporean media are banned from carrying content that "promotes", "justifies" or "glamorises" "lifestyles such as homosexuality, lesbianism, bisexualism, transsexualism [and] transvestism".
In mid-2014, the National Library of Singapore announced it would pulp its copies of three children's books with LGBT themes. According to the Government-linked Straits Times Newspaper:
"And Tango Makes Three is based on the true story of a pair of male penguins who raise a chick together; The White Swan Express features adoptive parents such as a lesbian couple; and Who's In My Family highlights different family structures and includes same-sex parents."
After a public outcry, two of the books were returned to the library but placed in the adults' section.
In June 2016, the Singapore Government announced that "foreign entities should not fund, support or influence" Pinkdot, an annual LGBT event held in a Singapore park.
Brad Adams, Asia director of Human Rights Watch, suggests "Singapore's demand that foreign companies stop sponsoring PinkDot encourages corporations to discriminate against LGBT people".
Leaders in other countries freely use discriminatory language against LGBT people:
In 2015, the mayor of Budapest in Hungary described the city's Gay Pride rally as "repulsive".
described the city's Gay Pride rally as "repulsive". In Africa, Ugandan president Yoweri Museveni has described homosexual people as "disgusting".
The ABC has recently reported on LGBT Ugandans fleeing the country as refugees.
Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe has previously said that: "Homosexuals are worse than dogs and pigs; dogs and pigs will never engage in homosexual madness," and followed this up in 2013 by stating that LGBT people were "worse than pigs, goats and birds".
In 2016 the ageing ruler vowed that Zimbabwe would reject any foreign aid that is "given on the basis that we accept the principle of gay marriages".
Are things getting better for LGBT people?
With LGBT harassment and criminal penalties continuing in Africa, Asia, the Middle East and parts of Europe, the picture may seem bleak.
But veteran campaigner Peter Tatchell, who famously attempted a citizen's arrest of Robert Mugabe in March 2001 and was then beaten by the president's bodyguards, is more optimistic.
"There are rays of hope [in Africa], with the Seychelles, Mozambique and Sao Tome & Principe recently decriminalising homosexuality [and] in 2014, the African Commission on Human Rights and People's Rights urged member states to protect LGBT people against discrimination and violence," they say.
Ty Cobb from Human Rights Campaign said: "We have seen great progress with regards to global LGBTQ rights in recent years, with three countries decriminalising same-sex activity just [in 2016], 20 countries and certain jurisdictions in Mexico have marriage equality and more and more countries are taking measures to improve the lives of trans individuals."
At the same time, Mr Cobb notes that anti-LGBT movements continue to work against the community.
"Extremists have organised marches against marriage equality efforts in Mexico, American evangelicals have resorted to exporting their dangerous messages of hate from Eastern Europe to Africa, and [Islamic State] continues to target and kill members of the LGBTQ community throughout the Arab world," they say.
In Singapore, there are signs of increased cultural acceptance of the LGBT community, with the 2016 release of home-grown web drama People Like Us taking place with no real backlash.
Telling the stories of four gay men in Singapore, the series has been well-received by the local community.
Filmaker Leon Cheo says apart from some "thumbs-down" on YouTube, "we haven't received flak or negative emails or comments from Singaporeans at large".
Mr Cheo says while the situation for LGBT people in Singapore is improving, "challenges such as censorship of neutral and positive LGBT news, film and TV, and archaic anti-sodomy laws still exist".
"One of our creative objectives was to portray Asian gay men neutrally or positively [so that the] series could play a part in changing the hearts and minds of the citizens and government of Singapore," they say.
In the Middle East, LGBT rights remain strongest in Israel although it is unclear whether or when same-sex marriage might be legalised there.
Did you find this story surprising, insightful or useful? Sign up to hear about interactives, visualisations and good reads from the ABC News Digital Storytelling team. (No more than one email a week, we promise.)
to hear about interactives, visualisations and good reads from the ABC News Digital Storytelling team. (No more than one email a week, we promise.)
Credits: Paul Crossley (reporter), Ben Spraggon (designer), Colin Gourlay (developer), Matt Liddy (editor).
Topics: lgbt, law-crime-and-justice, discrimination, australia, sydney-2000, singapore, uganda, south-africa, iran-islamic-republic-of, saudi-arabia, european-union
First posted
Is the atmosphere murky? Or is it just me? It's no secret that the every day social, professional and even personal environments most of us exist in have become be super-saturated with the secular religion of the religion-less. Despite their best efforts, atheists of the modern age have attempted to sustain a secular orthodoxy built on the false and very unstable premise that Science and the Catholic Faith are somehow intrinsically incompatible.
Rather ironically, and despite a wealth of evidence to the contrary, atheists have elevated their secular orthodoxy from theory to fact, and then from fact to dogma. Unfortunately, they did so without consulting the five books below that make utter hash out of the most common atheistic myths concerned Science vs. Religion.
Myth #1: The Medieval Ages Were “Dark”
Book of Choice: God's Philosophers: How the Medieval World Laid the Foundations of Modern Science– James Hannam carefully refutes the trend within modern culture to associate the Medieval Era with superstition and ignorance. Additionally they address the scientific seeds that were planted during the Medieval Era which would eventually blossom to give us incredible scientific thinkers like Galileo and Sir Isaac Newton.
Myth #2: Science is the only method of thinking that provides truth about reality.
Book of Choice: Galileo's Mistake – Wade Rowland provides both historical context and a thorough analysis of Galileo's philosophy as they examine Galileo's infamous trial of 1633.
Myth #3: The popular narratives about Galileo and other scientists being persecuted or at odds with organized religion are true.
Book of Choice: Galileo Goes to Jail and Other Myths about Science and Religion – Ronald Numbers carefully parses popular fiction from historical fact regarding some of the most prevalent misconceptions and inaccuracies surrounding the relationship of Religion and Science throughout history.
Myth #4: Catholics don't believe in Science.
Book of Choice: Roman Catholicism and Modern Science: A History – Don O'Leary attacks the idea that Roman Catholicism is opposed to scientific exploration by providing a clear and exceptionally diverse account of ecclesiastical and scientific communications throughout history.
Myth #5: Faith and Science are Fundamentally Incompatible
Book of Choice: The Last Superstition – Edward Feser systematically dismantles the atheistic misconception that there is currently some ideological and eternal war going on between the Religion and Science.
Other articles worth reading
The Finger Lakes Permaculture Institute has a limited number of free tickets available to see the new award-winning documentary INEQUALITY FOR ALL at Cinemapolis at 120 E. Green Street in Ithaca this Sunday, October 13, at 7:20 pm.
Join dozens of local permaculture practitioners and fans to watch this outstanding film featuring Robert Reich, noted economic policy expert, former U.S. Secretary of Labor and U.C. Berkeley professor, who explains the causes of widening inequality in this country and how it is destroying our economy and undermining our democracy by concentrating wealth and power in fewer and fewer hands. INEQUALITY FOR ALL is a heartfelt, entertaining and informative rallying cry to act now and suggests concrete ways to do so. It is an excellent tool for organizing around one of the most pressing issues of our time. Learn more at: http://Inequalityforall.com/
0 Shares
If you were wondering why the crowd was so quiet while watching 205 Live, we have your answer. From a number of reports, it sounds like a large majority of fans didn't stick around to watch the Cruiserweight action after Smackdown LIVE went off the air.
Here are some photos from fans that stayed for the whole show:
@TheFansPodcast
Unfortunately, half the crowd has left and most of the people around me are drunk pic.twitter.com/UPKA38xOcx — The Joz (@BroKenShake) November 30, 2016
This guy has to somehow make this arena look full… #205Live pic.twitter.com/WZdmi5sk6L — Red Beard (@RasslinRedbeard) November 30, 2016
[irp posts=”18052″ name=”Kevin Owens Comments On Rich Swann Winning The WWE Cruiserweight Championship”]
Half the crowd has left already. Please don't sabotage the cruiserweight division, @WWE. #205Live pic.twitter.com/JXzJiEfAcI — Red Beard (@RasslinRedbeard) November 30, 2016
Wondering if WWE will re-evaluate their strategy for the show moving forward after this? Also wondering if WWE didn't do a good enough job of advertising the show after Smackdown or people just simply don't care about the Cruiserweight division?
Hopefully the next couple of shows are able to maintain more of the crowd!!! If I buy a ticket to Smackdown, I am certainly sticking around to watch the high-flying action afterwards.
Let us know what you think in the comment section below!
1st Legal Weed Purchaser I'm Not Smoking It!
America's 1st Legal Weed Purchaser -- I'm Not Smoking It!
EXCLUSIVE
The first man to make a legal weed purchase in the United States ... ever ... is doing the most un-stoner thing possible with their new stash -- he's locking it away in a safe.32-year-oldtells TMZ, he's storing their 3.5 grams of Bubba Kush, their truffle edible, and their $57 receipt from the Denver dispensary where they bought all the stuff because they plan to donate it to a museum."It's a piece of history, dude," Sean says.But Sean didn't go un-high on the big day -- they tell us they blazed through some weed from their personal collection to celebrate the momentous occasion, and subsequently binged on gingerbread waffles with apple puree.
Concept art from The Expanse, one of the best TV series devoted to realistic “solar sci-fi,” but not one that offers a positive vision of space settlement. In space no one can hear you dream
A massive £88.5 million in jewellery has been stolen from an exhibition at one of the French Riviera's top hotels.
A massive £88.5 million in jewellery has been stolen from an exhibition at one of the French Riviera's top hotels.
The Carlton Intercontinental Hotel in Cannes was hosting a temporary jewellery show over the summer from the prestigious Leviev diamond house, owned by Israeli billionaire Lev Leviev.
Police said the theft took place around noon on Sunday, but could not confirm reports that the robber was a single gunman who stuffed a suitcase with the gems. Orignally the jewels were valued at £35.5 million, but police later raised it the £88.5 million.
The Carlton hotel featured prominently in Alfred Hitchcock's "To Catch a Thief," which starred Cary Grant as a reformed burglar chasing a jewel thief. It is situated on the exclusive Promenade de la Croisette that stretches a mile and a half along the sea front, and is thronged by the rich and famous throughout the year.
The gems were supposed to be on public display until the end of August. It was not clear how many pieces were stolen. Mr Leviev said: "Company officials are cooperating with local authorities investigating the loss and are relieved that no one was injured in the robbery."
Several police officers were placed in front of the Carlton exhibition room - near a Cartier diamond boutique - to prevent journalists and photographers from getting a look at the scene of the crime.
Europe has been struck by several bold jewellery thefts in recent years, some of which have involved tens of millions of dollars in treasure.
On February 18 in Belgium, £32 million of diamonds were stolen. Robbers targeted stones from the global diamond centre of Antwerp that had been loaded on a plane headed to Zurich. Authorities have since detained dozens of people and recovered much of the stolen items.
In December 2008 armed robbers wearing women's wigs and clothing made off with diamond rings, gem-studded bracelets and other jewellery said then to be worth £70 million from a Harry Winston boutique in Paris.
Also in 2008 - in February of that year - in a scene reminiscent of the movie "The Italian Job," masked thieves drilled a tunnel into a Damiani jewelry company showroom in Milan, Italy. They tied up the staff with plastic cable and sticky tape, then stole gold, diamonds and rubies worth £13 million. The robbers had been digging for several weeks from a building under construction next door.
Press Association
redOrbit Staff & Wire Reports – Your Universe Online
Young men are less adventurous than they were a generation ago, primarily because they are less motivated and in worse physical condition than their fathers, researchers from the University of St. Andrews claim in a new study.
According to Nick Collins, Science Correspondent for The Telegraph, research conducted in 1978 reported men were 48 percent more likely than women to express interest in “thrill and adventure seeking” activities.
However, the times have changed, as Dr. Kate Cross and colleagues from the Fife, Scotland-based institution's school of psychology and neuroscience explained recently in the journal Scientific Reports.
These days, males are only 28 percent more likely than females to participate in challenging, adrenaline-fueled activities like mountain climbing or skydiving. Dr. Cross's team believes the change indicates a decline in men's appetite for these extreme activities, and not an increase in women's desire to participate in them.
They also suggest the loss of interest in these types of activities could be attributed partially to a decrease in gender-related differences in behavior and partially to decreasing fitness levels when compared to the 1970s, said Tristan Stewart-Robertson of The Scotsman.
“The interpretation is consistent with evidence that participation in college sports is becoming more gender balanced across time in response to concerted efforts to encourage female sports participation,” the authors wrote, according to Stewart-Robertson. ““However, our analyses shows that the pattern of results is not due to an increase in female scores across time, but rather a decline in male scores.
“Women could be showing a greater willingness to engage in thrill and adventure-seeking relative to men over time, while changes in absolute scores are being influenced by other factors, such as average fitness levels,” they added. “The decline in the sex difference in thrill and adventure-seeking scores could reflect declines in average fitness levels, which might have reduced people's interest in physically challenging activities.”
Dr. Cross's team also discovered men were more likely than women to be impulsive and also tended to become bored easily, Collins said. They used a sensation-seeking scale that ranged from safe to thrill-seeking, and found no difference between the sexes when it came to low-risk activities such as trying new foods, Stewart-Robertson added.
Comments
comments
Dress My Age? Hell No, Say These Inspiring Senior Women
Jean
“I don't give a damn of what people think of me or the way I dress, I dress for myself because I love style and design and color.”
ADVERTISEMENT
This statement may sound like the devil-may-care attitude of a stylish twenty-something, but this sentiment actually comes from the mouth of Bridget, a seventy-five year old Brit, one of six older women featured in the TV documentary Fabulous Fashionistas, which recently aired on Britain's UK Channel 4.
Bridget
As the title suggests, each of these six women is excited about their wardrobe (some shop at charity stores; others order from catalogues; others buy from fancy boutiques), and throughout the film, each woman explains the evolution of their personal style. Some of their choices are distinctly their own, yet each of them says they are past the point of caring what others think—instead, they dress for themselves and their own tastes. “Style, as one gets older, is more noticeable,” Bridget says. “How I look is to do with my identity and the fun of it. It's nothing to do with looking younger.” The fifty-minute documentary moves beyond the wardrobe, and is ultimately a heartwarming account of women, ranging in age from 73 to 91, who are still active, engaged, and excited about life.
Gillian
Director Sue Bourne pulls truthful, raw insight and paints inspiring pictures of each of the six women. Bridget, 75, spends their time fighting tirelessly against ageism. Daphne, 85, is signed with a modeling agency and is Britain's go-to older model. Jean, 75, works in a high-end clothing boutique and runs three times a week. Gillian, 87, is a professional choreographer for productions such as CATS and Phantom of the Opera on the West End, and they still work countless hours a week. Sue, 73, is an American transplant who made a name writing low-fat cookbooks, but they now focus on creating art. Lady Trumpington, 91, is the oldest woman in Britain's House of Lords. All six women have aged gracefully, without Botox or plastic surgery, and all embrace their lives with enthusiasm and wisdom.
Free Download: Great Dames!
Get inspired by some of our favorite interviews, featuring Dolly Parton, Solange, Tina Fey, Jessica Williams, Kathleen Hanna, Laverne Cox, the Broad City gals, and more! Plus, keep up with the latest from BUST. Download
Daphne
Many of the women are widowed, and though the aches and pains of old age are ever present, none of the six embrace the stereotype of the little old lady. Instead, by the end of the documentary, you see that these inspiring women take life one day at a time, and they choose things that make them feel happy and fulfilled. The concept of death is addressed, yes, but none of these women are frightened by the thought. As one of the women says in a particularly poignant moment: “Yes, you think about death. But you choose life.”
The Fabulous Fashionistas:
(from left) Sue, Daphne, Lady Trumpington, Jean, Gillian, & Bridget
Thanks to UK Channel 4
Images courtesy of The Guardian
This post was originally published on November 22, 2013
2 of 6
Unless you're a Flyers fan, you probably hate Scott Hartnell. They just has that edge and personality that rub so many people—and players—the wrong way.
But there's no denying that Hartnell is having a career-best year with 32 goals as of Mar. 10. They have great chemistry when paired with Jaromir Jagr and Claude Giroux, and this $4.2 million-annual-cap-hit player is certainly earning their paycheck.
There have been some surprises this season, as Hartnell clearly is producing for the Flyers. Many were ready to say that they were an overachiever and would go into a decline past the All-Star break, but that doesn't look like it's happening whatsoever.
And while Claude Giroux hasn't quite had their goal-scoring prowess that they possessed before their concussion, he's undeniably a threat on the ice. Giroux has racked up 55 assists already (first in the NHL), and one can only imagine where they would be if they never sustained any injuries this season.
Many picked Giroux to be the leading contender for the Rocket Richard Trophy, but now it looks to have Steven Stamkos' name (48 goals).
Wayne Simmonds, who was acquired as part of the blockbuster trade of former-Flyer Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings, has paid huge dividends for Philadelphia. Simmonds typically finds themselves battling in front of the crease, providing opportune goalie-screens and juicy deflections. In many ways, he's what Jeff Carter used to be, and maybe even better.
Simmonds has 22 goals and 19 assists.
For the New York Rangers, their offense is certainly more diverse than it has been in recent seasons. Players like Marian Gaborik, Ryan Callahan and even Brad Richards have lit up the lamp on a pretty consistent basis.
Callahan is having a career-best season in New York, with 26 goals and no signs of slowing down.
Gaborik can be extremely lethal when they have the breakaway or a clear line of sight to the net. They currently have 32 goals, 16 short of Stamkos, who leads the NHL with 48. Gaborik is still 10 goals shy of their career-best 42 as a member of the Wild, but this may be the year they at least ties it.
The maturation of Derek Stepan and Artem Anisimov can't be underestimated either, who represent a combined total of 29 goals.
Surprisingly, two defensemen make up the top-10 goal scorers for the Rangers: Michael Del Zotto and Ryan McDonagh (with seven and six goals, respectively). It's always nice to have that offensive spark from the blue line.
Overall, the Flyers have more offensive depth, with 11 players representing at least 10 goals scored. The Rangers only have six.
EDGE: Flyers
The Rangers have great scoring players, but the advantage is clearly with the Flyers. Jagr may be in their twilight years, but they remain a dangerous player who can outdeke just about any goalie. There's no doubt he's passing on some of their skill to the younger core in Philadelphia.
Librande: First of all, when we started the project, and there were just a few people on the team, we all agreed that we didn't want this game to be called SimCity 5. We just wanted to call it SimCity, because if we had a 5 on the box, everybody would think it had to be SimCity 4 with more stuff thrown in. That had the potential to be quite alienating, because SimCity 4 was already too complicated for a lot of people. That was the feedback we had gotten.
Once we made that title decision, it was very liberating -- we felt like, "OK, now we can reimagine what the brand might be and how cities are built, almost from scratch."
Technically, the big difference is the "GlassBox" engine that we have, in which all the agents promote a bottom-up simulation. All the previous SimCity games were literally built on spreadsheets where you would type a number into a grid cell, and then it propagated out into adjacent grid cells, and the whole city was a formula.
SimCity 4 was literally prototyped in Excel. There were no graphics -- it was just a bunch of numbers -- but you could type a code that represented a particular type of building and the formulae built into the spreadsheet would then decide how much power it had and how many people would work there. It just statically calculated the city as if it were a bunch of snapshots.
A fire breaks out in the city designed by We Are The Champignons.
Because our SimCity -- the new SimCity -- is really about getting these agents to move around, it's much more about flows. Things have to be in motion. I can't look at anybody's city as a screenshot and tell you what's going on; I have to see it live and moving before I can fully understand if your roads are OK, if your power is flowing, if your water is flowing, if your sewage is getting dumped out, if your garbage is getting picked up, and so on. All that stuff depends on trucks actually getting to the garbage cans, for example, and there's no way to tell that through a snapshot.
Sims queue for the bus at dawn.
Once we made that decision -- to go with an agent-driven simulation and make it work from the bottom up -- then all the design has to work around that. The largest part of the design work was to say: "Now that we know agents are going to run this, how do schools work with those agents? How do fire and police systems work with these agents? How do time systems work?" All the previous editions of SimCity never had to deal with that question -- they could just make a little table of crimes per capita and run those equations.
Manaugh: When you turned things over to the agents, did that have any kind of spatial effect on game play that you weren't expecting?
Librande: It had an effect, but it was one that we were expecting. Because everything has to be in motion, we had to have good calculations about how distance and time are tied together. We had to do a lot of measurements about how long it would really take for one guy to walk from one side of the city to the other, in real time, and then what that should be in game time -- including how fast the cars needed to move in relationship to the people walking in order to make it look right, compared to how fast would they really be moving, both in game time and real time. We had all these issues where the cars would be moving at eighty miles an hour in real time, but they looked really slow in the game, or where the people were walking way, way too fast, but actually they were only walking at two miles an hour.
Valiant is going for something completely different with its upcoming Rapture miniseries, a book that brings together some fan favorites on a mission that will take them to some familiar and unfamiliar places in the Valiant universe.
Rapture is written by Matt Kindt with art by Cafu, and ComicBook.com recently had the chance to talk to Kindt about the series, including the return of the popular Shadowman. Shadowman will play a big part in Rapture, and Kindt gave a quick 101 about what fans can expect to see from him.
"Shadowman has been a pretty dark character in the current Valiant Universe. The essential Shadowman lore is that he's a guy plagued by this loa, a dark demon that possesses them for better or worse, and it's plagued their family for generations. They want to be rid of this thing, and eventually, they get captured by MI-6 and used as a sort of reluctant agent for good. MI-6 is trying to rehabilitate him…turn them into a force for good…but he's complicated. They have a lot of problems that MI-6 is having trouble fixing."
In 1986, the world was introduced to the McBarge (AKA, the Friendship 500). The floating fast food phenomenon was created for the World Expo in 1986, which was held in Vancouver, British Columbia. Unfortunately, now the Abandoned McDonald's Barge no longer serves Big Macs, and was abandoned and derelict on the Fraser River, in Mission, British Columbia for many years. The first floating McDonald's was in St. Louis, Missouri, built as an homage to the steamboat era of yesteryear. The floating McBarges were intended to showcase the future of technology and architecture. That's all well and good, but to me it looked more like a throwback to Art Deco architecture. But, I'm no designer, so what do I know?
Here's what it's like to explore the McBarge today:
According to Bobbea.com:
"There was a shift in public attitude during that time. The Yuppies were forsaking all things blatantly cheap. Hot-dogs, diners and the Five and Dime were out. Quiche, Bistros and boutiques were in. McDonald's, a company that prided itself on affordability, was loosing a part of the young adult market to eating establishments that portrayed themselves as high brow. Because of this, McDonald's tried out a new concept in 1986 -- "affordable elegance." Their flagship restaurant at Expo 86 was built more in the style of a bistro than a McDonald's. Because it was a costly venture, the McDonald's was built as a floating restaurant so it could be easily moved to another location."
Robert Allan Ltd. were the designers behind the avant-garde eatery. In many ways McDonald's was a focal point of the Expo, considering that five McD's locations were constructed on the Expo grounds, for a whopping $12 million. The intention was for the McBarge to remain in operation after the Expo, but for whatever reason, it was never reopened, and has remained anchored, derelict and forgotten in Burrard Inlet since 1991.
Fifteen years later in 2009, Howard Meaking (owner of the McBarge) announced a proposal for a waterfront development along Fraser River, and proclaimed the McBarge to be the showpiece.
Although the local community supported this development proposal, as of 2010, the council still hasn't approved it. There is also another proposal to turn the McBarge into a floating homeless shelter.
The Supreme Court of Texas has found that the the city of Houston is not required to provide same-sex spousal benefits for its public employees, highlighting some of the still-unresolved marriage equality legal battles that have been simmering since the U.S. Supreme Court's Obergefell v. Hodges ruling of 2015.
The state's nine justices were unanimous in the decision. In short, the ruling would mean that while Texans have the right to same-sex marriage under the U.S. Constitution, those married couples do not have the right to the same benefits that heterosexual ones receive ― like, for example, health insurance benefits earned by a spouse who works for the city of Houston.
As the Austin American-Statesman details, opponents of same-sex marriage have hailed the decision as a victory for taxpayers, while GLAAD president Sarah Kate Ellis responded to the decision with a strong condemnation, calling it evidence that anti-LGBTQ activists and advocates will stop at nothing to stymie fair and equal marriage rights. Said Ellis:
The Texas Supreme Court's decision this morning is a warning shot to all LGBTQ Americans that the war on marriage equality is ever-evolving, and anti-LGBTQ activists will do anything possible to discriminate against our families.
According to the American-Statesman, Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton hailed the decision, calling it a recognition that "Texas law is still important when it comes to marriage”:
While the U.S. Supreme Court declared a right to same-sex marriage, that ruling did not resolve all legal issues related to marriage.
In the aftermath of the Obergefell v. Hodges ruling, some socially conservative states sought to blunt its impact, whether by flatly defying it like Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis, or as in this case, by narrowly defining it as legalizing same-sex marriage, but not mandating equal benefits or recognitions.
While the Texas Supreme Court's ruling has big implications for the LGBTQ residents of the state, and is undeniably a big setback for the advancement of same-sex marriage rights, this particular case is almost assuredly not over. It's widely anticipated that the decision will be appealed up to the federal court system, where it could ultimately fall to the U.S. Supreme Court to weigh in.
It's unclear what decision the high court would reach, however. While the partisan balance of the justices remains the same ― for now, at least ― trying to predict Supreme Court rulings months or years in advance is a deeply challenging and uncertain pastime. The only certainty, really, is that pro-LGBTQ marriage activists and advocates won't allow the Texas ruling to be the last word.
Microsoft is looking at ways to expand its ID@Xbox program to other platforms now that the company is closely reaching its universal OS goal. The program itself has enabled smaller indie developers and game studios to launch an original title on the console without going through a large publishing arm. According to VRFocus, Microsoft plans to bring ID@Xbox to Windows 10 , Windows 10 Mobile and HoloLens .
The three platforms mentioned each share a library of APIs as part of the Universal Windows platform, and VRFocus reports that HoloLens will follow suit. It will enable developers to take advantage of all available Microsoft platforms with only minimal effort required to get everything working. With Windows 10 being adopted by millions of consumers already, Microsoft hopes it will be able to court developers in releasing their work on mobile and VR.
Windows Phone (now Windows 10 Mobile) has also continuously been slammed for the lack of apps when compared to competing platforms. We'll be sure to update you should we learn anything else about Microsoft's ID@Xbox plans.
Source: VRFocus
Waymo, the autonomous vehicle division of Alphabet, Google's parent company, reached an important milestone recently: since mid-October, the company has been operating its autonomous minivans on public roads in Arizona without a safety driver — or any human at all — behind the wheel. And starting very soon, the company plans to invite regular people for rides in these fully self-driving vehicles.
The news that Waymo's vehicles have been on public roads with no human in the driver's seat was announced today by the company's CEO John Krafcik at a tech conference in Lisbon. The announcement comes on the heels of Waymo's decision to invite a group of reporters to visit Castle, a 91-acre facility in California's Central Valley that it has been using as a training course for its self-driving vehicles. At the time, Krafcik declined to provide an exact timetable as to when it would begin testing fully self-driving vehicles on public roads. Little did we know at the time, they were already doing it.
“Fully self-driving cars are here.”
“Fully self-driving cars are here,” Krafcik said, according to a copy of their speech provided by Waymo.
There are some caveats, of course. A Waymo employee will remain in the vehicle for now. But instead of being in the front seat, that employee will likely sit behind the driver's seat. (Waymo says that won't always be the case, though.) The cars won't have free rein over Arizona's roads. They'll be geofenced within a 100-square-mile area of the town of Chandler, a suburb of Phoenix — though Waymo says it plans to expand to areas beyond that as its cars collect more data and conduct more trips. And the cars won't be available to just anyone who wants to go for a ride. Members of Waymo's Early Rider program, which has been in operation in Chandler since last April, will be the first to experience the new technology.
But it most certainly signals a growing level of confidence by Waymo, and, by extension, Alphabet, in the technology developed by its engineers over the last eight years. It represents a raising of the stakes for the rest of the industry that sees full, Level 4 autonomy, in which a vehicle is capable of driving itself, with no human behind the wheel, in most environments and road conditions, as the ultimate goal.
In the year since it spun off from Google, Waymo has moved aggressively to test its cars on public roads. The company has certainly been testing self-driving cars on public roads longer than the broader tech and auto industries, and it has access to Google's machine engineering talent, making it a formidable competitor to companies with decades of car-building experience.
But Waymo isn't going it alone. The company has partnerships with Fiat-Chrysler, Lyft, and Avis, even while it's manufacturing its own sensors and hardware to reduce dependence on suppliers. In their speech, Krafcik enumerated the many advantages that Waymo's vehicles have over its competitors.
“This is the most advanced vehicle we've developed to date,” they said. “Everything in it is designed and built for full autonomy. Our combination of powerful sensors gives our vehicles a 360 degree view of the world. The lasers can see objects in three dimensions, up to 300 meters away. We also have short range lasers that stay focused close-up to the side of the vehicle. Our radars can see underneath and around vehicles, tracking moving objects usually hidden from the human eye.”
The next step for Waymo is a big one: a commercial ride-hail service
Chandler's local government has been informed of the driverless cars, and appears to welcome the fame (and scrutiny) that comes with playing host to Waymo's experiment. "Waymo's work here in Chandler is groundbreaking as they work toward their goal of fully autonomous vehicles,” said Chandler Mayor Jay Tibshraeny, in a statement provided by Waymo. “At the same time, this research and development taking place in our community will ultimately make our roads safer and provide new freedom for those unable to drive.”
The next step for Waymo is a big one: a commercial ride-hail service, in which riders can hail one of the company's autonomous minivans via an app like Uber or Lyft. “People will get to use our fleet of on-demand vehicles, to do anything from commute to work, get home from a night out, or run errands,” Krafcik said.
And because Waymo is operating its vehicles in Arizona, where the laws regulating autonomous tests are practically non-existent, a lot of the reporting on the progress of these vehicles will be incredibly one-sided. Unlike California, which is another hotbed for self-driving vehicle testing, Arizona doesn't require companies to publicly disclose accidents involving its cars, nor the number of times human drivers were forced to take control of their driverless vehicles.
Of course, disengagements are moot for a vehicle without a human in the driver's seat. (Its last report to California showed that Google's disengagements dropped precipitously.) Waymo recently released its first safety report, a glossy, 41-page document that details its testing regime that involved 3.5 million miles driven on public roads and 2.5 billion miles driven in simulation. The report, which was released voluntarily, earned the company an atta boy from US Secretary of Transportation Elaine Chao.
Chao's department is scrambling to amend its voluntary autonomous vehicle guidelines to include buses and trucks, the latter of which Waymo is also working on. And Congress is weighing legislation that would give companies wide latitude to deploy, test, and make money off of self-driving vehicles. But most companies are still moving cautiously, cognizant of the fact that most people are skeptical or flat-out distrust autonomous technology. They say they plan to keep their safety drivers behind the wheel until 2020 at the earliest.
But not Waymo.
In retrospect, it's pretty obvious that this is not a smartphone photo. The 5D Mark III's shallow depth-of-field has blurred out the background, and the lens flare has a polygonal shape, another DSLR signature. As some Redditors have pointed out, the detail in the hair is also a bit too fine for a smartphone camera.
Huawei technically never said directly that its smartphone took the shot, but it's strongly implied. It has since taken down the photo and given a statement to Android Police, saying, "the photo, which was professionally taken while filming a Huawei P9 advert, was shared to inspire our community. We recognize though that we should have been clearer with the captions for this image. It was never our intention to mislead. We apologize for this and we have removed the image."
This isn't the first time that a marketing team has had this bright idea -- Nokia used "simulated" images to show off its PureView cameras back in the day. As one commenter pointed out, however, the least Huawei could've done was use a professional camera from its branding partner, Leica -- we hear they're pretty good.
Alderman Ameya Pawar. | Alderman Ameya Pawar via Facebook Ameya Pawar weighs a run for governor
CHICAGO — Chicago Ald. Ameya Pawar, who five years ago pulled off a historic upset with their against-the-grain aldermanic campaign to defeat a machine candidate, is now looking to do the same on a bigger platform.
The 47th ward alderman is now weighing a run for governor, they told POLITICO.
Story Continued Below
With $58,000 in their campaign account, Pawar, who would run as a Democrat, said they don't fear taking on incumbent Republican millionaire Gov. Bruce Rauner, who reported $188 million in income last year.
“In 2011, I ran for office and people laughed at me. I took on the machine and I beat it,” Pawar said.
Pawar, 36, says this last campaign cycle inspired them to run in part to counter the divisive nature of politics in the state and nationwide. More than $60 million was spent on races in the state Legislature alone, with negative local ads blanketing the airwaves for months.
“We've had a set of politics pitting one group of people against another. I don't think that's productive,” they said. “I think it's time we have a progressive campaign for governor.”
Pawar said they plan to make a final decision soon, weighing the prospect of taking on a demanding job as they and their wife raise their nine-month-old daughter.
“I'm not ready to say I'm in, but I'm close. I feel I have to do my part and I have to stand up to the politics that are driving people apart,” they said. “I think that what we're missing is statesmanship.”
Pawar's flirtation with higher office comes as Illinois Democrats scramble to find a candidate that will soon have to launch a campaign apparatus. Democrats are daunted by the tens of millions of dollars that Rauner and close allies have poured into races. They're poised to do the same in 2018 as Rauner looks to win a second term in office.
Pawar said they have no allegiance to the Democratic power structure. They say he's met Speaker Mike Madigan just once. Rauner and the Illinois Republican Party has spent millions of dollars on a campaign to demonize Madigan and Democrats associated with him.
Billionaire J.B. Pritzker has made phone calls gauging support for a run as a Democrat. Pritzker has not publicly expressed their interest in the job, but is privately having conversations about what a run for office might look like. Businessman Chris Kennedy has mulled the possibility as well.
Pawar admits they cannot compete with that tier of wealth, but they argue they won't have to.
“When I won in 2011, four weeks before the election I had $2,000 left from the $7,000 to 8,000 we started with,” Pawar said. “We ran the most shoestring campaign you've ever seen. Since then, I've raised hundreds of thousands of dollars. I feel I can raise money to be competitive. … There's a tendency to throw a bunch of money at the problem, throw money at the airwaves and crucify one another. There isn't a lot of going out and talking to one another.”
Pawar was elected in 2011 against the anointed candidate, Tommy O'Donnell. In their second run for office, Pawar won with 80 percent of the vote, the biggest margin in the city.
“I don't worship wealth and I'm not scared of wealth. There's always going to be people who have more money to people,” Pawar said. “You go talk to people. You tell them who they are and who they stand for.”
CORRECTION: The original version of this article said that Pawar is a member of the Council's Progressive Reform Caucus.
The news came on the morning of 21 June. Daniel Day-Lewis has retired from acting. That evening, just as an intimate experiment, I watched There Will Be Blood on my smartphone. I wish I hadn't.
The bow-legged and drawly miner Daniel Plainview was like a distorted puppet—muttering and hamming. The actor's stylized craft, which they have used differently for each of their roles, as most great method actors do, looked ridiculous. The mountainous landscape which director Paul Thomas Anderson imbued with a subtle savagery looked puny.
Andersonian artistry on a standard-sized smartphone? Epic fail.
The actor was mesmeric on the big screen, directed by many great directors such as Anderson, Steven Spielberg and Martin Scorsese. Unless they change for the intimate and solitary Netflix viewing experience, or for the CGI-enhanced, thrilling sensorial delight of the tent-pole productions of Hollywood, someone like Day-Lewis is an anomaly in today's film hierarchy. Their retirement, most likely for reasons other than this, comes after Scorsese and Ridley Scott, another master of the sweeping real-time shot, said in different interviews late last year that cinema was dead.
They could be wrong. But big screen rigour, unhinged by CGI and post-production wizardry, which coalesces cinematography, sound engineering and production design for a cinema moment or sequence, is sinking towards relicdom.
Think Sanjay Leela Bhansali and Mani Ratnam. Think Baz Luhrmann and Tim Burton. And many others, including Anderson, Spielberg and Scorsese, of course. They are masters of overemphasis—some to melodramatic effect, like Bhansali and Luhrmann, some just for the dramatic inflation of moments and scenes for impact, the visual equivalent of a suspended release tablet.
It is a strictly non-European language and Spielberg is its supreme artiste. They explore the dramatic moment to its fullest potential, their camera never shies away from big sweeps and bold movements, from the wide to the close-up. In the best cinema experience, the movement and the verbosity don't seem trite. The micro screen, on the other hand, is most conducive for the close-up, and for talk. One would assume indie never had it better than now. Purism can be the last refuge of the tech-laggard.
These are exciting times, with a vibrant film democracy out there. For the internet-literate, still a small percentage of the population here, downloading a film has been an option for many years (most of the time illegally), but now we are into the formal age of film on the go.
Netflix is an inexhaustible buffet. The various series it is best known for are made with the production heft of films, and are meant really to be a film broken down into seasons and episodes. America has pioneered the small screen film. Remember The Sopranos? That was the tip of the iceberg.
Netflix, Amazon and other streaming platforms have moved to producing and distributing stories—or what now goes under the umbrella term of “content"—from being purely technology companies.
The moving visual of cinema, from being communal, has become an intensely solitary experience. It requires us to see anew, and see alone. It is me, my screen, my headphones and the story, hook after hook of episodic transition. We are almost running out of the option of flexing the muscles of our cinema memories to like or dislike a film. It is a new template.
A lot of us in India are tuning in. With the launch of Reliance Jio last year, streaming of online entertainment is at an all-time high. The recently published Mary Meeker Internet Trends Report 2017 has many insights on Indian internet behaviour this year: Internet penetration is still at 27%, but 80% of all web traffic comes from mobile devices, and 45% of the time users spend on mobiles goes towards entertainment, ahead of search and messaging.
But all filmmakers, all actors, and some of us who can't live without the spell of the big gleaming screen inside a dark theatre, know a film is not really a film if it premieres online.
A personal disclaimer: I say this after having learnt to make the internet serviceable to me instead of being a slave to it.
Three years ago, trips to the movie theatre became less frequent than weekly, after many years of watching mostly bad Hindi movies every week to do my job as a film reviewer for Mint.
I needed a break from the painful multiplex experience—for Rs300-and-above ticket prices, our theatres screen more than half-an-hour of ads, including a grotesque, preachy and long social service ad on smoking, and obligatory national anthem videos, during which, if I am not standing, I could be in jail.
But I still couldn't resist going to the theatres; every other week, I made time for The Movies. Then came the home revolution. Netflix satisfied my appetite for gripping visual fiction like no other medium ever had. The love turned obsessive and unhealthy pretty soon. About three months ago, I went on a self-imposed Netflix detox; the spinal cord had started making stiff protests. Meanwhile, films like Dangal, Masaan, Kapoor & Sons, Udta Punjab, A Death in the Gunj and other Bollywood and Hollywood films kept my love affair with cinema afire.
But that is me, the consumer. Besides the sensorially diminished experience, Netflix or Amazon can be the end of visibility for a filmmaker. Unless it's their own production, online streaming platforms are just another source of revenue for a producer to “recover".
Manish Mundra, founder of Drishyam Films, known for an array of low-budget, acclaimed films including Neeraj Ghaywan's Masaan (2015), Anu Menon's Waiting (2016) and Amit Masurkar's Newton, which releases on 18 August, says, “For a film's life after it is complete, a theatrical release is still extremely important. Every step, including a film's marketing, its distribution and post-release satellite rights sell and now the online streaming partner have to be in place. But it is not easy for a film to get into Netflix. You have had to make a splash either commercially or in terms of critical acclaim to have negotiating power with something like a Netflix."
Kamal Gianchandani, CEO of PVR Pictures, says the price of selling the licensing rights of a film to any online streaming platform is a small part of the revenue for a studio or producer, much smaller than the television rights.
Once sold, a film moves into the giant repository of Netflix or Amazon. On Netflix, all films get a three-line descriptor and a small thumbs-up or thumbs-down symbol, which has replaced the ratings system it launched with. The producer and filmmaker sell the film's license for a one-time deal, the rewards from it lasting for a maximum of a year, through quarterly payments.
So far, there is no way of knowing who and how many people have watched the film; Netflix or Amazon do not reveal traffic figures, even to the producer or filmmaker. “If you see a film being promoted on the site you know it is doing well, and usually a film is already big before it is on Netflix to attract viewers," says Mundra.
Theatre chains, especially in America, are feeling the threat, which does not really help the cause of cinema. I am neutral to this war—an impossible position to have in the increasingly polarized world we live in. Is it crazy to hope Netflix series and films will also release in theatres one day? I definitely want to watch the one Scorsese is making for Netflix both on my laptop and the big screen.
Earlier this year, the National Association of Theatre Owners in America expressed ire when Netflix violated the traditional release window model for producers—of letting a film debut in theatres months before they stream online or go on what used to be once called “home video".
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings said at a press conference that the film-going experience is ripe for destruction: “How did distribution innovate in the movie business in the last 30 years? Well, the popcorn tastes better, but that's about it."
At the Cannes Film Festival this year, the French were vindictive. After including two Netflix titles, Noah Baumbach's The Meyerowitz Stories and Boon Joon-ho's Okja, in the competition section, the festival committee announced at the last minute that starting next year, they would ban any film which does not have a French theatrical release from competition.
The New York Times reported, “At the heart of the Cannes-Netflix clash is what's known as the French cultural exception, a law that requires a percentage of all box office, DVD, video on demand, television and streaming revenues to be pooled to finance homegrown films and help finance foreign films. The law also mandates a 36-month delay between theatrical release and streaming date. Netflix has not wanted to participate in the French system, and that offended some in the film industry here."
Christophe Tardieu, director of the National Cinema Center in Paris, said this about Netflix: “They are the perfect representation of American cultural imperialism." The director is no less an imperialist, but as my grandfather would say, who's to argue with the French about culture?
The Hindi film world is doing what it does best when required to find new direction: follow Hollywood's path. While the newly-launched online platforms for entertainment struggle to find languages, ideas and genres unique to India and entirely different from television soaps and Bollywood formula, all film producers now have an online streaming partner before a film is released in theatres.
Talking to a number of producers and studio heads, I got the sense that they are even more wary of spending on the promotion and marketing of the small or mid-sized film, now that there is at least the assumption that the film has an online life—a life that has no fixed trajectory but that has the promise of reaching out to an elite international audience.
That is a tragic shortcut in a film culture and industry that has not had resources to nurture the small film with radical ideas and stories in a sustained way like America or Europe has for most of the 1990s and first decade of the 2000s. A small-budget, hatke film in India is always a risk because there is no infrastructure or plan to make sure it succeeds.
Big producers are moving towards the tent pole after the success of Baahubali 1 and 2, and after Hollywood biggies started making money in Indian theatres in the last two years. “There is definite excitement about the tent-pole movie. That seems to be the direction in which Indian film producers are thinking at least because there is the sense that nobody wants to go to the movie theatre any more unless you give them a great story told so spectacularly that only a 3D experience at the theatre can justify," says Gianchandani.
Director Akbar Khan has announced a film on Ghenghis Khan with Indian, Chinese and Turkish actors that is expected to go on the floors in October. A trilingual, three-part, 3D live-action Ramayana was announced earlier this year with a budget of Rs500 crore, to be produced, reportedly, by Madhu Mantena, Allu Aravind and Namit Malhotra. News about the Rs1,000 crore Mahabharata with Mohanlal in the lead role of Bheem continues to trickle in.
For big names, web “content" mania also is great news.
Recently, Brad Pitt was in Mumbai to promote their Netflix debut War Machine based on, a pseudo-satire Michael Hastings's book The Operators: The Wild and Terrifying Inside Story of America's War in Afghanistan. It is a strange mishmash of a film, and anybody with minimal knowledge of Pitt's filmography will realize they gave it short shrift.
They tackle the lead, a general nicknamed “Glenimal", without obvious relish, summoning a jarring combination of tricks that worked in their roles in Inglorious Basterds (Quentin Tarantino, 2009) and Fury (David Ayer, 2014)—most noticeably a raspy drawl and boring, sedate contrasts to it.
But unlike the confused Glenimal, they were even-toned and earnest at an interview with critic Rajeev Masand in Mumbai, alongside our badshah Shah Rukh Khan.
Both men spent considerable air time talking about the future of cinema. They said Netflix and its rivals are altering the way the world consumes the moving visual image—and how that propels screenwriting that Hollywood or Bollywood can't or won't risk. True. (Hearteningly, neither used the word “content" to describe fiction that the internet streams for a minimal subscription).
Pitt's was that rare promotional tour for a Netflix original outside of America. As one of its producers, Pitt, of course, has personal stake in War Machine. You would expect them to spend money to promote it aggressively. At the sit-down question-answer session in which director David Michod also made a meaningful appearance, Pitt tried to sound convinced about doing something important to stay relevant.
As for Khan, the focus is on upping their own digital stature. Earlier this year, Khan's production company Red Chillies Entertainment signed a deal with Netflix to release their films, starting with the latest, Dear Zindagi—a commercially successful film, fetching more than Rs50 crore on the first weekend, that released in theatres in November 2016.
For matinee idols and stars like Pitt and Khan, the internet streaming platform is hardly revolutionary. Netflix can't reinvent a Shah Rukh Khan. It can't relaunch a Brad Pitt for the internet. What it can do is widen their reach, perhaps by a few million. If they are in a Netflix original, Netflix would use its own promotional machinery to tap into the fan base of billions that these two megastars have garnered over years.
Between the two extremes—tent pole and online streaming—is cinema conceived and shot in real time keeping just the big screen in mind? The cinema that Daniel Day-Lewis lit up with limps and incantations, that Sanjay Leela Bhansali, among others in India, pursues with methodic madness?
In this age of Netflix neutrality, I will hold on to that cinema till I can. The wizard who does not know if all that money and madness will really produce the magic—some of us will have to buy tickets for him.
Sanjukta Sharma is a Mumbai-based writer and critic, and a former editor of Mint Lounge.
Comments are welcome at feedback@livemint.com
November 6th, 2006, In Martial Arts Movies, by Admin
UPDATE: It seems as though some of our readers have addictions to martial arts movies that may require attending meetings. But, the comments and emails we've received about this article were excellent, so we're going to be publishing a follow-up based on this feedback. Subscribe to our blog or check back later for the update!
We've scoured the internet. Reviews. Forums. Amazon. Postings. Bulletins. And this list is what we've come up with as the greatest Kung-Fu movies of all time and why you should watch each one. Pay attention to movies involving Yuen Wo-Ping as either director or action director, there's a reason why half this list is movies where they were involved!
Hint: In case you're interested in actually watching any of these…clicking on a movie's title will show you that movie in Amazon.com.
Way of the Dragon (1979)
This is the only finished film to be written and directed by Bruce Lee. (Game of Death is the other one but is unfinished) We could write a lot about the plot, characters or fight scenes…but all you really care about is watching Bruce Lee fight Chuck Norris in the final battle.
Martial Artists: Bruce Lee, Chuck Norris
Director: Bruce Lee
Watch the Trailer
Shaolin Temple (1982)
Depicts the amazing history of the Shaolin Temple, the focal point for Chinese Martial Arts. Think of the Shaolin Monks as Jedi Knights (an elite group of fighters) and the rest of China as the messed-up universe that Star Wars takes place in (people who are afraid of the elite fighters and want to take them out of power). Much work to do, you have, young Jet Li. *picture Yoda's accent on that one* Define Irony: A movie shot at the site of the Shaolin Temple, telling a story about the fall of the Shaolin Temple, sparks so much public interest that the temple was re-opened shortly after the movie released.
Martial Artist: Jet Li (His debut movie)
Director: Chang Hsin-Yen
Watch the Trailer
Ong Bak (2003)
Raw action without wires, Tony Jaa brings a new martial arts style to the big screen and does so in style. Muay Thai (Thai Boxing) is stronger and more direct than the Chinese styles you're used to seeing with Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan, giving a new look to how a martial arts movie can be done. You'll be seeing more of him…guaranteed.
Martial Artist: Tony Jaa
Director: Prachya Pinkaew
Watch the Trailer
Iron Monkey (1993)
Doctor by day, thief by night…Iron Monkey is your classic Robin-hood meets Kung Fu. It's an action packed flick that can't go 5 minutes without an excellent fight scene. It all comes down to a battle between Iron Monkey (ie Robin Hood) and an ex Shaolin Monk (remember, these guys are like the Jedi Knights of Chinese martial arts…they're elite). Remember that guy Yuen Wo-Ping I mentioned? Well he's the director in this one, so you know it's good!
Martial Artists: Yu Rong-Guang, Donnie Yen
Director: Yuen Wo-Ping
Action Directors: Yuen Cheung-yan, Yuen Shun-yi
Watch the Trailer
5 Deadly Venoms (1978)
No room form “martial arts beauties” in this one, there's so much blood and action that they only cast male actors. Exit the traditional elaborate costumes and enter the muscular, skin-bearing, bloody martial arts style that would become a trademark for director Chang Cheh. Each cast member is trained in an art resembling one of 5 venemous creatures (Scorpion, Snake, Centipede, Gecko, Toad) with the 6th cast member being trained in all 5. Six main martial arts actors = LOTS OF ACTION!
Martial Artists: 6 Martial Artists (yes, 6 main characters)
Director: Chang Cheh
Watch the Trailer
The Seven Samurai (1954)
One of the greatest classic kung-fu movies of all time and arguable Kurosawa's best work. Some Samurai of the time were down on their luck (homeless) and willing to do anything for a meal. A village under attack by bandits recruits a group of seven such Samurai warriors and asks them to help defend their village. The movie is about the Samurai teaching the village how to fight and culminates in a massive battle between a village and almost 50 attacking bandits. The acting is superb, the emotions run high and Kurosawa keeps you hooked from beginning to end.
Martial Artists: 7 Martial Artists (all names you won't know since this movie is so old)
Director: Akira Kurosawa
Watch the Trailer
Legend of Drunken Master (1994)
Some will say this is the greatest martial arts movie of all time because of it's balance between plot-line, comedy, drama and amazing kung fu sequences. Probably Jackie Chan's best martial arts performance. You're going to love the final scene where you learn what “Drunken Master” really means. We're talking box-splitting, fire-spitting craziness!
Martial Artist: Jackie Chan
Director: Lau Kar-leung
Watch a Scene from the Movie
Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon (2000)
Based on a Pentalogy (yes, that's 5 books) written by Wang Dulu, this movie covers mostly the 4th book. Critically acclaimed to cross international borders with it's amazing character development, intricate plot, martial arts ideals, stunning special effects and quicker-than-the-eye fighting scenes, Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon set a new standard for martial arts movies. Telling Zhang Ziyi (the lead female character and an amazing martial artist) to get back in the kitchen would likely cost you 50 punches to the “bags”. Be ready for subtitles, ‘cuz turning on the English track is like watching…uh…like watching a kung fu movie in English.
Main Martial Artist: Chow Yun-fat
Other Martial Artists: Zhang Ziyi, Michelle Yeoh, Chang Chen, Cheng Pei-pei
Director: Ang Lee
Action Director: Yuen Wo-Ping
Watch the Trailer
Kill Bill vol. 1 (2003)
You”re going to want your home theatre room for this one. It”s tough to beat beautiful women beating the crap out of each other in fast-paced, action-packed, make you cringe, bloody, gory, cut-'em-up (more buzz words go here) movie jam packed with as much martial arts death as possible. Tarantino expertly uses every camera angle and a plethora of special effects to deliver a better-than-real visual experience that gives this blood-and-guts thriller an artistic feel you'll appreciate at the end. Did I mention is having Uma Thurman in it? (‘Kill bill vol. 2' brings closure to the set, but hey…we had to choose one movie. Say “Five-Point-Palm Exploding Heart Technique” 5 times fast.
)Actors: Uma Thurman, David Carradine, Lucy Liu, Daryl Hannah, Vivica A. Fox
Director: Quentin Tarantino
Action Director: Yuen Wo-ping
Watch the Trailer: Meduim | Large
Fist of Legend (1994)
A classic story of Chinese vs. Japanese martial arts, Fist of Legend is actually a remake of the original Bruce Lee movie, Fist of Fury. If Bruce Lee is like the original James Bond, Jet Li is the Pierce Brosnan. He'll never be the original, but the modern film-making and larger budget bring the entertainment value just a hair above the original Fist of Fury. (The ghost of Bruce Lee is probably going to strike me down for writing that) The Yuen Brothers are known for amazing action choreography, and they totally deliver on this one. (Casting Jet Li may have helped them a little too.)
Martial Artist: Jet Li
Director: Gordon Chan
Action Directors: “The Yuen Brothers”
Watch a Scene from the movie
Knockabout (1979)
Yuen Biao's kicks and acrobatics will make your jaw drop and the plot turnarounds will make it feel like a great episode of Mission Impossible. Almost every main character is either a con-artist or con-artist/criminal, creating deceit after deceit. One of the funnier movies of it's time, this will keep you on the edge of your seat while laughing and trying to figure out what the hell each character is really up to.
Martial Artist: Yuen Biao
Director: Sammo Hung Kam-Bo
Watch a Scene from the Movie
The Matrix (1999)
A revolutionary movie that mixed sci-fi and martial arts into a computer-generated world where rules don't apply. This was a dream come true for Yuen Wo-Ping who was given the freedom to do anything they wanted to with martial arts…effectively creating one of the most visually stunning movies ever! Let go of reality on this one and enjoy the special effects for what they are. In fact, enjoy them so much that you don't notice Keanu Reeves' acting. The martial arts aren't as technical as the other movies on this list, but give the actors credit for only learning martial arts after they were cast for the roles. The plot-line is sick and there are two more movies in the trilogy that will keep feeding you eye-candy all weekend. The Wachowski bros. are huge fans of Kung Fu films and use the same type of camera angels as the classics.
Actors: Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburn, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving
Directors: Andy and Larry Wachowski
Action Director: Yuen Wo-Ping, Yuen Shun-yi
Watch the Trailer
Pedicab Driver (1989)
Watch this one for the action scenes, not for the plot. While there is enough drama and character development to keep you interested, Sammo's masterfully choreographed martial arts scenes are why you should watch this one. Plus he's a bigger guy who can do moves like Jackie Chan, NO JOKE! (He had their own TV series for awhile.) For those of you who think you're too big to be good at martial arts, Sammo will give you hope. Billy Chow made a name for themselves in this movie with their unequaled kicking mastery and later went on to be Jet Li's Japanese nemesis in Fists of Legend.
Martial Artist: Sammo Hung, Billy Chow
Director: Sammo Hung
Watch a Scene from the Movie
Drunken Master (1978)
No stunt doubles. Jackie Chan's breakout movie and the best Kung Fu comedy of its time, setting a new standard for entertainment value among kung fu movies in the late 70's. With a small-budget feel and humor that was still perfecting itself, this film is obviously a classic kung fu film…but nonetheless a masterpiece. Want to be pummeled by mind-numbing kicks in rapid succession? Hang out with Hwang Jang-lee for an afternoon.
Martial Artist: Jackie Chan
Director: Yuen Wo-ping
Watch the Trailer
Kung Fu Hustle (2004)
You know how “Scary Movie” makes fun of anything and everything it can? Well, this is the Kung Fu version of it! Jokes, laughs, imitations mixed in with some awesome fighting sequences. Nothing is taken seriously in this movie, especially the violence. Dance routines are inspired by someone's gruesome death (computer-enhanced of course!), random sound effects are tied in with pain like an old Batman re-run…the whole time you're expecting people to keep fighting after having their head blown off. A great plot, good acting, violence and death are all rolled into a martial arts comedy that you'll be laughing at the entire way through. A different type of martial arts movie done brilliantly! Action!
Director: Yuen Wo-Ping
Martial Artist: Stephen Chow
Watch the Trailer: Small | Large
Akira (1988)
An animated film that's not for children! The almost cult-like following of fans that this movie created will tell you Akira is the greatest animated film of all time. Originally released in Japan and adapted for U.S. theaters via some bad voice dubbing, this is like “The Matrix” of animated films. Set in the year 2019, “Akira” isn't a character, but rather a government top secret project. You won't find many animated films with the amount of violence and fighting that Akira will throw at you, but rest assured you'll leave with a taste of respect for animated films when all is said and done.
Director: Katsuhiro ‘tomo
Actors: None Really…gotta love Japanimation!
Watch the Trailer
Story highlights Obama: 'The Constitution is pretty clear about what is supposed to happen now'
Republicans warned that Obama's nominee should not even expect a vote before the President leaves office
(CNN) President Barack Obama vowed on Tuesday to name an "indisputably" qualified Supreme Court nominee and lashed out at Republicans who they said demand a strict interpretation of the Constitution -- except regarding their right to propose a new justice.
The President staked out a tough position after Republicans warned they would not get a vote on their eventual nominee to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia. The GOP is arguing that filling the seat on the nation's highest bench should be left to the next president.
"The Constitution is pretty clear about what is supposed to happen now," Obama said during their first press conference since Scalia's passing over the weekend.
Obama took a swipe at Republicans by saying they were amused to hear some in the party describe themselves as "strict interpreters" of the Constitution but dispute the idea that they have the right to get a hearing for a Supreme Court nominee.
"I am amused when I hear people who claim to be strict interpreters of the Constitution suddenly reading into it a whole series of provisions that are not there," they said. "I am going to present somebody who indisputably is qualified for the seat and any fair minded person, even somebody who disagreed with my politics would say would serve with honor and integrity on the court."
Read More
Wallets - we have all had at least 20 in our lifetime, all of them pretty much the same. Well it is time to change that, ready for something new, something that has not been seen before, something that is specifically designed for adventure???
Hello Kickstarter crew, my name is Eric Bauer, I am the 20$Bandit just an American guy out to revolutionize the way your carry gear on the daily. I am adventurer, traveler, backpacker, a gear whore, a dirt bike rider, a huge proponent of stuff made in the USA and a Husband and Father of two beautiful children. I am basically a defender of everything good in this world, some would say a sheepdog. My first endeavor, 20$Bandit was the result of a successful Kickstarer project that unexpectedly shoved me into the spotlight about a year and a half ago. The popularity of my first pouch afforded me the great opportunity to design and build several new products and start a real design company called Triple7Gear.
The requirements for this new wallet were as follows, it had to be rugged, compact, lightweight and able to secure not only cash, credit cards and ID but small gear referred to as Nano kit. Basically, Nano kit is extremely small gear items that you carry with you on a daily basis. Headphones, knives, flashlights, micro multitools, flash drives, lighters you get the idea.
In an effort to find an existing product before we went through the process of designing and manufacturing something new a scan through the internet, Instagram, Pintrest and Facebook was in order. We found some really cool wallets but none of them met our complete set of requirements. We really wanted something cool and new, you know something you could EDC small gear items in if needed, a wallet that worked equally well at the office or on an adventure. Here is our best stab at it.
We have been testing the wallet now for months and sincerely believe this to be a unique and new idea that will most definitely appeal to other like minded adventurous folk. Even if you never place anything besides your cash and cards in the CORE Nano you will still love it! The tri-fold design creates a very slick look when closed and secures your cash, cards and ID even under the toughest condition's.
Vancouver gets lots of praise for its abundant sushi options and authentic Chinese restaurants. But one international cuisine that's consistently overlooked is the city's outstanding Persian food.
Persian restaurants – serving the traditional food of Iran – are concentrated in North Vancouver (where there's a large population of Persian descent) and also scattered throughout the downtown area. Outwardly, at least, Persian food has much in common with more familiar Lebanese and even Greek cuisine. The mainstay of the menu is skewers of beef and chicken, marinated and grilled over open flames. Pita bread plays a central role, too, as do starters with ingredients like eggplant and grape leaves.
But I'm far from an expert on Persian food, which is why I need your help. Do you have a favourite Persian restaurant in Vancouver. Let us know by leaving a comment below.
I'll start things off with one of my favourites, Cazba, which has locations on Lonsdale Avenue in North Vancouver and on Davie Street downtown.
I stopped by the downtown location recently, located on Davie Street at Thurlow. The first good sign: On a Saturday night, Cazba was packed with Persian families and there was a wait for a table. It's a big restaurant, but casual and simply decorated. (There are none of the cliched trappings of some other Middle Eastern restaurants: hookahs, belly dancers, etc. ).
The menu is straightforward, too. There are a few appetizers, including the popular kashkeh bedemjoon, a deep fried eggplant dish served with pita bread. But the bulk of the menu is kebabs: skewers of marinated chicken, lamb, AAA beef or koobideh (spiced ground beef), paired with basmati rice and grilled tomatoes. I should also point out that prices for the kebabs – and, well, everything – are ridiculously cheap for downtown Vancouver. A chicken kebab platter will set you back all of $11.
For a bit of a variety, I opted for the vaziri platter ($13) – one skewer of marinated chicken breast and one skewer of koobideh. The first thing that stood out to me was the quality of the ingredients: fresh, juicy chicken breast and flavourful beef. The other thing that struck me was the quantity: There was enough food for two meals on my plate.
Alas, I had also ordered another Cazba specialty, the gheimeh stew ($9). Hearty, heavily spiced stews – featuring eggplant, beef, peas and various beans – are another staple of Persian cuisine. The gheimeh consisted of yellow peas, tender braised beef and tomatoes, flavoured with a preserved lemon and other seasonings. It was an unexpected surprise and the highlight of my meal.
Actually, the highlight may have been the bill. The total for two mains, two Greek salads and two beers (with tax) was $36.58. I was reminded (yet again) that Vancouver's culinary sweet spot – that point where incredible food and incredible value meet – lies in its many authentic ethnic cuisines.
Do you have a favourite Persian restaurant in Vancouver? Let us know below.
For more Vancouver tips and updates, follow me on Twitter:
Follow @RemyScalza
The University of California, Irvine put a group of Students for Justice in Palestine (SJP) activists on disciplinary probation for two academic years after they interrupted a speaking event with IDF reservists.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The UC Irvine campus is considered one of the bastions of the Boycott, Divestment, Sanctions Movement (BDS) in the US and previous pro-Israeli events held at the university have been met with violent interruptions.
In May, a delegation from the NGO Reservists on Duty arrived at the university to speak at an event organized by Students Supporting Israel (SSI) during the Anti-Zionism Week on campus.
SJP activists disrupting pro-Israeli event
X
Some 40 activists from SJP disrupted a question-and-answer session for about half an hour, preventing students from talking to the Israeli reservists by shouting and swearing, with one of the activists spitting at a member of the Israeli delegation.
Some of them were wearing T-shirts with the writing "UC intifada" and chanted slogans advocating the destruction of Israel and violent resistance, including the slogans "Israel, Israel what do you say, how many kids have you killed today?" and "From the river to the sea, Palestine will be free."
Campus police arrived at the scene some 10 minutes after the pro-Palestinian activists left voluntarily and crowded in the hall outside the room. The police had to escort the delegation members outside due to concern for their safety.
The Reservists on Duty NGO filed a complaint with the campus administration, and the university asked the campus police to investigate the clashes at the event.
The Israeli delegation provided campus police with videos documenting the disruptive activists, and claimed they've suffered from swearing, spitting and humiliations from SJP activists throughout the entire week while protesting the "apartheid wall" erected on campus.
The decision by UC Irvine's ethics committee to sanction the pro-Palestinian activists is unprecedented. The students will be on a two-year probationary period ending June 16, 2019, during which they will be required to attend 12 mandatory meetings with the Dean of Students to discuss free speech. They are also required to consult with a representative of the dean's office before hosting or co-hosting any campus event. Any violation of these sanctions could "result in suspension or a revocation of the organization's status," according to the UCI Office of Inclusive Excellence.
The SJP activists appealed the decision on Thursday. The appeal process is expected to take several weeks.
Amit Deri, the director of Reservists on Duty, said Sunday, "We welcome the university's decision. SJP have crossed the legitimate line and have become an anti-Semitic body that spreads terrible lies and rains terror on Jewish and pro-Israeli students."
A federal court released on Monday a Justice Department memorandum justifying the drone killing of Anwar al-Awlaki, but government redactions still left large swathes of the reasoning behind the operation unrevealed.
Awlaki, an American citizen who allegedly rose to become a senior member of al Qaeda's Yemen branch, was killed in a September 2011 drone strike carried out by the CIA. Journalists, human rights activists and members of Congress like Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) have pushed the administration ever since to reveal its rationale for killing an American citizen without a trial.
"There is no precedent directly addressing the question in circumstances such as those present here," David Barron, a recently confirmed judge for the First Circuit Court of Appeals, writes in the July 2010 memo, acknowledging that they are in uncharted waters as they conclude that the law authorizing force against al Qaeda also justifies killing Awlaki.
The document released Monday is a 41-page memo authored by Barron, who was then acting chief of the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel. It was released as part of a public records lawsuit against the government by the American Civil Liberties Union and The New York Times.
The Justice Department released a white paper last year summarizing some of the memo's key conclusions: President Barack Obama's administration believed it could kill a senior member of al Qaeda as long as they posed an "imminent" threat to the United States.
But that white paper left many of the factual questions surrounding the justification for killing Awlaki unanswered, including how the government came to conclude that they were a senior member of al Qaeda, and why they posed an imminent threat.
The memo released Monday by the Second Circuit Court of Appeals did little more to answer those questions, after the court complied with the government's request to redact any facts that would reveal intelligence or military sources and methods.
Barron's memo relies heavily on "the facts related to us" by the CIA and Department of Defense, and bases much of its legal reasoning on the veracity of statements from those government agencies.
Other, still unreleased memos may provide more information about why the Obama administration believes it had the right to kill Awlaki, and the ACLU has pledged to continue its legal fight to have more government documents released. Barron references at one point an earlier memo that explains why "we do not believe that al-Aulaqi's U.S. citizenship imposes constitutional limitations that would preclude the contemplated lethal action."
“The release of this memo represents an overdue but nonetheless crucial step towards transparency. There are few questions more important than the question of when the government has the authority to kill its own citizens,” the ACLU's deputy legal director Jameel Jaffer said in a statement.
“The drone program has been responsible for the deaths of thousands of people, including countless innocent bystanders, but the American public knows scandalously little about who is being killed and why.”
Barron Drone Memorandum
When Gauteng's MEC for safety and security, Sizakele Nkosi-Malobane, stood up and nominated an alleged murderer and alleged election cheat as a ward councillor, it created a stir.
The ANC's Solomon Mahlangu branch members, gathered at a school in Alexandra, were not universally convinced that Chris Mabunda was the ideal candidate to represent them. Their few objections made no difference and Mabunda's name was put forward, first by the branch, then by the ANC's Johannesburg region, and finally by the Gauteng provincial executive committee.
 They are not alone – ANC secretary general Gwede Mantashe this week confirmed that there are 28 ANC candidates on the party's lists for the local government elections in August who either have criminal records or are facing serious charges.
Their names were submitted despite ANC guidelines to the contrary and the likelihood that they will not be eligible for election.
Mantashe said the party would wait for the Independent Electoral Commission (IEC) to complete its screening of submitted candidates before it made a decision. “We will not be shocked by anything that comes from the IEC,” said Mantashe.
It was clear this week that at least one of those names appeared on the list thanks to a high-ranking ANC member who knew the implications.
“At the meeting, comrade Sizakele stood up and nominated Chris [Mabunda],” said a branch leader who attended the meeting and who spoke to the Mail & Guardian on condition of anonymity.
“The other comrades didn't clap hands. They know the story about the murder [that Mabunda is accused of].”
Nkosi-Malobane's nomination of Mabunda was confirmed by two other ANC branch members who attended the meeting. They did not respond to repeated attempts to contact her, nor did they respond to written questions sent to them on Wednesday.
Mantashe said the ANC would rely on the IEC to determine which of its candidates had criminal records. “They will come back to us to say X number of candidates on your list are convicted,” they said.
They could not name them but said the convictions ranged from assault to traffic fines.
Mabunda is scheduled to appear in the Alexandra magistrate's court on Tuesday on a charge of murder. It relates to the brutal assault and killing of two Alexandra residents who were accused of stealing R150 000 from a local businessperson. Mabunda worked as a security guard at the time of the murder.
 They are also due to appear in a separate matter. They were allegedly caught with a box full of original ballot papers during the 2014 elections.
The ANC's Johannesburg regional spokesperson, Jolidee Matongo, confirmed Mabunda's nomination and insisted the party's election guidelines would not be circumvented. “We are aware of the matter. The guidelines of the ANC are very clear on what should happen if someone faces criminal charges. The ANC will act in accordance,” said Matongo.
But it appears that Mabunda enjoys widespread support from the top brass in the Gauteng ANC – besides that of Nkosi-Malobane – because they are considered vital in what promises to be a tough contest in Johannesburg.
An ANC provincial executive committee member, who asked not to be named, defended the province's decision to support Mabunda, despite their pending criminal case.
“Chris has won the ward, which includes IFP [Inkatha Freedom Party] dominated hostels. So you cannot punish the person who is a hard community worker. That would be unfair. Chris is a tough guy. In fact, they are an ANC marshal and kind of guy that is not a pushover.  They are one of the few who can go and campaign on the other side of the divide and be listened to,” the PEC member said.
They also raised the question why Mabunda's eligibility was not challenged by the ANC's internal integrity committee before the nomination.
“It is the integrity committee which must evaluate whether the case against them has damaged the image of the ANC. If it goes to court and Chris is not found guilty, what happens? The question is, for me, has the integrity committee done anything about it?”
Mabunda would not comment on their nomination or the charges against him. They did not respond to subsequent messages.
The ANC in Gauteng said it would not comment on the matter until the IEC completes it screening process. “This should confirm with certainly who is in the running as a candidate for the 2016 Local Government Elections. Until then we prefer not to engage in speculation,” said ANC spokesperson Motalatale Modiba.
Five years on and still the killings continue
Politically motivated murders are increasing, with more than five people having been assassinated in KwaZulu-Natal and Mpumalanga in the past two weeks.
The Human Rights Commission is concerned that the killings are occurring regularly, yet very few arrests have been made.
“The right to life should be sacrosanct in our society and particularly when it relates to fundamental freedoms of political activity, the right to vote, freedom of expression and beliefs. No one has the right to take a life, for any reason, least of all for political gain.”
The most recent shooting, which took place in the Moses Mabhida region in KwaZulu-Natal, left one ANC leader dead and another recovering in hospital.
Two weeks ago the Mail & Guardian reported that more than 50 people had been killed in the past five years – that number has now risen to more than 60 reported murders.
A week after the report Police Minister Nathi Nhleko announced that a special task team had been established to investigate political killings.
They said they were “seriously concerned” about the killings, especially “where political figures are victims or where the killings are being linked to the upcoming local government [elections]”.
Former national police commissioner Bheki Cele made the same announcement in 2011, but there appears to be no official report to date. – Athandiwe Saba
I am the type of person who has to plan every detail before I get started so it is no surprise that this project took a while to plan and only a couple of weekends to build.
It all started with the graph-paper plan (view image for particulars). I changed the layout a bit during construction which is highly unlike me, but it was for the better.
The design is a 12' x 12' (est 3½ meter x 3½ meter)
My garden shed had two 6' sets of doors and one was really unnecessary so I used it to attach the greenhouse, give me access to greenhouse form shed, and allow all those carpenter bees that are boring in the rafters to have easy access to the plants in the greenhouse. Sure, they may make my roof cave in one day but my cucumbers and tomatoes will be pollinated well in the meantime.
Using some graph paper, I drew out my outline. I used 4x4 treated posts for the main verticals, dug 2' in the ground, concreted, and with right at 4' on the insides of beams (not on centers). I did it this way because of the width of my windows. My windows were picked up at a local salvage yard for $35 each and 4'x6'. I wanted the 4' part to be my width and the 6' part to be my height so the uprights are 4' in between each.
Note: MAKE SURE to get your base square. You are perfectly square when the measurements of your diagonals are the same and your widths are all the same. Take the time to do this and it will prevent headaches later.
Next I planned the roof layout. My roof was not going to be as heavy since I was using 12' polycarb corrugated panels. I only needed a center board that would support the entire weight (I went with 2x8x12) and then used 2x4x12's to run on 2' centers (the recommended width for the roofing panels).
Look at comments on pictures for some additional insights on initial startup.
ESPN's Ian Begley evaluates why the Knicks selected Jeff Hornacek as head coach. How will Hornacek adapt to the triangle offense? (2:08)
Jeff Hornacek will be the new coach of the New York Knicks, league sources confirmed to ESPN's Ian Begley.
Hornacek was at the Knicks' facility on Thursday, sources told ESPN.com. Though contract talks have begun, nothing is finalized at this point, league sources say.
Hornacek, Knicks president Phil Jackson and general manager Steve Mills had dinner Wednesday night at a New York steakhouse, but Jackson would not discuss the team's hiring situation when questioned by the New York Daily News.
The Knicks informed others involved in their coaching search Wednesday that they had decided on Hornacek, league sources said. Jackson told interim coach Kurt Rambis, their longtime assistant and close friend, of their decision to hire Hornacek, sources told ESPN's Ramona Shelburne.
Editor's Picks Hiring of Jeff Hornacek brings more questions than answers With no prior relationship with Phil Jackson or experience with Jackson's triangle offense, Jeff Hornacek is a curious choice as the next Knicks coach.
Predicting what's next for Knicks, Melo, Porzingis Jeff Hornacek is reportedly the new Knicks coach. Good hire or bad? Is it time to trade Carmelo Anthony and build around Kristaps Porzingis? Our NBA Insiders go 5-on-5 on the future in New York. 1 Related
The Knicks and Jackson interviewed Hornacek, formerly the coach of the Phoenix Suns, earlier this week, league sources previously told ESPN's Marc Stein.
Hornacek was fired by the Suns in February after the team lost 19 of 21 games and 14 straight on the road. Phoenix began the season with playoff aspirations after posting records of 48-34 and 39-43 in Hornacek's first two seasons, the first of which saw them finish second in the coach of the year balloting. But the Suns had a 14-35 record and had fallen into 13th place in the 15-team West amid a rash of injuries when the club cut ties with him.
Hornacek, 53, was one of four known candidates for the Knicks position, which opened when the team fired Derek Fisher in February. Rambis had received strong consideration for the post since the regular season ended, with backing from Jackson. Rambis, who was 9-19 after replacing Fisher, is close with Jackson and runs the triangle offense that Jackson favors.
ESPN.com reported last month that former Cleveland Cavaliers coach David Blatt was the first external candidate to emerge as a serious contender, and the Daily News first reported earlier this week that former Indiana Pacers coach Frank Vogel discussed the job with Jackson last week.
With Hornacek coming on board, it is unclear whether the Knicks will continue to run the triangle. Rambis' future with the club is also unclear. Sources indicated there is a possibility Rambis will remain on the Knicks' staff, but the decision ultimately will be up to Hornacek. Rambis and Hornacek have mutual respect for each other, sources say, having been teammates for three seasons with the Suns.
Jeff Hornacek posted a 101-112 record in two-plus seasons as coach of the Suns. Christian Petersen/Getty Images
Hornacek, who ran a fast-paced, guard-oriented offense in Phoenix, was an unexpected candidate, given Jackson's stated intention to hire someone with whom they had a relationship. Hornacek never played for or worked under Jackson, who won an NBA-record 11 championships as a coach.
Under Fisher and later Rambis, the Knicks finished 32-50 in 2015-16, their third straight season out of the playoffs.
Hornacek had interviewed for a number of openings over the past month-plus. Sources previously told Stein that Hornacek would be at or near the top of Golden State's list in the Warriors' search for a new lead assistant coach at season's end, if they were available.
Hornacek's only NBA head-coaching experience is their two-plus seasons with the Suns. They spent three seasons as an assistant coach with the Utah Jazz.
They spent the first six years of their 14-year NBA playing career with the Suns, making their only All-Star Game in 1992. They played for the Jazz teams that made the NBA Finals in 1996-97 and 1997-98, losing to the Chicago Bulls both times.
ESPN's Ian Begley, Ramona Shelburne and Marc Stein and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
New magnets designed for the High-Luminosity LHC - the Large Hadron Collider upgrade project – are in the prototype phase
While the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is at the start of a new season of data taking, scientists and engineers around the world are already looking ahead, and working hard to develop its upgrade, the High-Luminosity LHC. This upgrade is planned to start operation in 2026, when it will increase the number of collisions by a factor of five to ten. Physicists will be able to take full advantage of this increased number of collisions to study the phenomena discovered at the LHC in greater detail.
This major upgrade to the machine requires installation of new equipment in 1.2 kilometres of the 27km-long-accelerator. Among the key components that will be installed are a set of new magnets: around 100 magnets of 11 new types are being developed.
More powerful superconducting quadrupole magnets will be installed at each side of the ATLAS and CMS detectors. Their purpose is to squeeze the particles closer, increasing the probability of collisions at the centre of the two experiments. These focusing magnets will exploit an innovative superconducting technology, based on the niobium-tin compound, which makes the quadrupoles' magnetic field far greater, 50% higher than current LHC superconducting magnets based on niobium-titanium.
The magnets are now in the prototype phase – shorter models, on which tests are run to assess the stability of the design and the mechanical structure. Last year, two 1.5 metre-long short model quadrupoles were tested at CERN and at Fermilab, in the US. A third short model will soon be tested at CERN.
In January 2017, a full-length 4.5 metre-long coil – a world record-breaking length, for that kind of magnet – has been tested at the US Brookhaven National Laboratory and reached the nominal field value of 13.4 T. Meanwhile at CERN, winding the 7.15-metre-long coils for the final magnets has already begun.
The new magnets are being developed through a collaboration between CERN and the LHC-AUP (LHC Accelerator Upgrade Project) consortium, which involves three US laboratories.
This article is an excerpt from a feature article published here.
Watch the video!
Express Wi-Fi is one of Facebook's many connectivity initiatives under its internet.org umbrella. Unlike more futuristic projects like the Aquila drone, though, the emphasis here is on existing Wi-Fi technologies and allowing local entrepreneurs to resell internet access.
In India, Facebook is currently working with a number of local ISPs and 500 local entrepreneurs, but that number is about to grow quite a bit.
As the company announced today, it's now launching the service commercially in India and has partnered with the Indian telecom firm Bharti Airtel, which plans to bring an additional 20,000 hotspots online, starting in the next few months. The other ISPs involved in the project so far are AirJaldi in Uttarakhand, LMES in Rajasthan, Tikona in Gujarat and soon with Shaildhar in Meghalaya.
The company previously launched the service commercially in Kenya and it's also trialing it in Tanzania, Nigeria and Indonesia.
As James Beldock, Facebook's product manager for Express Wi-Fi, told me, the idea behind this project was always to create an entrepreneurial grassroots base for the service. That means Airtel and its other ISP partners will continue this work with local entrepreneurs who want to resell internet access to their communities. “Our strategy has always been that these programs work if they are financially sustainable for the partners we work with,” Beldock told me, and added that while Facebook provides the software, it's the ISPs and their partners that decide what to charge, for example. “Facebook's strategy is to enable partners to make connectivity at scale sustainable, not to dictate pricing.”
Wi-Fi, of course, is a far easier onramp to the internet than most other means of getting online, Beldock stressed. After all, you don't need a SIM card or data plan to go online. It also offers a low-cost way of getting online (with daily, weekly or monthly data packs) and the partnership with local entrepreneurs could help the local economy.
As Beldock noted, the challenge of expanding the service to other countries isn't so much technical as it is about understanding the local markets and needs. Chances are, though, that we'll soon see more commercial launches in the other countries where Facebook is already testing the service.
Netflix's Orange is the New Black gets an ‘A' on queer issues, a ‘C' on race and an ‘F' on class.
The show can't conceive of the fact that the biggest hurdle for most of the women in prison with Chapman is not that they made 'bad choices,' but that their future choices are foreclosed by prison.
[Warning: This piece contains minor plot spoilers from the series.]
The strange positioning of a bra in an explicit lesbian sex scene reveals volumes about the erotic economy of Netflix's latest series, Orange is the New Black, about women in prison.
Two white women, Nicky Nichols (played by Natasha Lyonne) and Lorna Morello (Yael Stone), are fucking vigorously in a prison chapel. They've been at it for a while when the camera cuts to a shot of Morello's upper body. Despite all the thrashing around, they manage to hide their breasts with, first, their hands, and then their bra, which stays mysteriously well-positioned. There's barely a nipple in sight as they pull themselves together. It's as if the invisible hands of Christ had reached down and carefully held up the straps.
Both Morello and Nichols are minorities in the prison, which is realistic—the majority of prisoners in the United States are people of color. But while white female prisoners may be in the minority, Orange is clear about their placement in the hierarchy of voyeurism. White women's nakedness is almost always artfully covered. When the lead character, Piper Chapman, also white, first emerges from the prison shower, she's told that they have perky “TV titties,” though we see only a quick glimpse of them before they cover them up. In Orange's world, white women walk around wrapped in giant towels, while throughout the show, numerous naked women of color—though inevitably only those possessed of “TV-titties”—are posed like models, breasts firmly if unnaturally thrust forward.
The problem here isn't that women of color are shown naked. It's that their bodies are starkly eroticized where white women's are concealed in order to preserve their putative modesty. It's a strange move for a show that otherwise revels in sex between women, but that's the confusion of the show's worldview. While Orange does relatively well with queerness and is careful to showcase racial diversity, it fails in its use of stock narratives about race and, to an even more devastating extent, class.
Based on Piper Kerman's memoir of the same name, Orange documents the experiences of a Connecticut WASP named Piper Chapman who's in prison because they transported money for the head of a drug cartel, who happened to be their lesbian lover. The show creates a complex array of characters both inside and outside the prison, people whose sexuality slides merrily up and down the Kinsey scale, and whom it renders with affection and warmth.
Chapman's backstory, told in flashbacks, could well have been subtitled, “A Horribly Long Series of Giant Fuck-Ups.” A graduate of Smith, they wander from job to job until they meet up with drug-dealing, globe-trotting Alex Vause (Laura Prepon) and gleefully falls for both the woman and the luxurious and adventurous lifestyle they offer.
Chapman's subsequent return to polite society is brought to a crashing halt when, just as she's about to tie the knot with their boyfriend, Larry Bloom (Jason Biggs), she's indicted on drug-smuggling charges ten years after the fact. As they put it, with slight irony, their dream was to just be a “nice blonde lady” and lead an uncomplicated life.
Orange doesn't evade the complexity of Chapman's queerness or suggest that their lesbianism is simply a phase or experimentation, and it repeatedly points out that sexuality is fluid, often humorously. When their best friend wonders aloud if they might “turn gay” because Chapman's ex is also in jail with her, they retort exasperatedly, “You don't just turn gay, you fall somewhere on a spectrum, like on the Kinsey scale.” The sex scenes, too, are played with a degree of humor and zest that ensure they aren't just voyeurism for straight viewers.
So, in terms of queerness, we're all good: Orange doesn't offend on that score, and will doubtless get high marks from GLAAD for its “positive portrayal.”
But while viewers are treated to a wittily rendered primer on the complexity of queerness, they're presented with stock characterizations of people of color, and of poor people of all races.
White women and women of color in the prison get not only different kinds of nudity, but different kinds of agency. Chapman may be the deluded and confused white chick in the midst of women who are mostly of color and from much scrappier backgrounds, but she's also portrayed as the only one who can rise above their own needs to consider the larger issues facing inmates. In one scene, Chapman and a few other inmates are in the warden's office, after being elected to an advisory council. Only she, the sole white woman, raises the most pressing issues, like the discontinuation of GED classes and the closing of a running track. In contrast, the others are silenced by the threat of not getting doughnuts and coffee at these meetings. Their most pressing demand is Sriracha.
This goes against what we know about prison movements, which have often been and continue to be led by women and people of color, many of them queer and trans people. Angela Davis, who spent time in prison, is one of the world's foremost abolitionists, as is Miss Major Griffin-Gracy, a formerly incarcerated trans prison activist with roots in Stonewall (and the subject of a forthcoming documentary). Yet, from the perspective of the show, only white women have the wherewithal to understand and contest prison conditions.
Which leads us to one of the show's underlying problems: Orange ultimately sees prison as the logical, if slightly flawed, corrective to society's problems. Rather than recognizing the prison as the Prison Industrial Complex and questioning a system that keeps recirculating people (mostly of color) through its doors in order to survive, the show sees prisons as housing units, almost like sorority houses. The rationale here is that prison can be a fun place, if only some of the worst elements, like solitary confinement or bad food, were taken away.
The show's inability to examine the structural factors that determine who ends up behind bars, and what happens to them when they get out, is seen clearly in Chapman's insistence that going to prison is a matter of “choices.” At one point, Chapman talks about how prison supposedly forces you to come face to face with who you really are: “I'm scared that I'm not myself in here, and that I'm scared that I am.” To Chapman, what you did–the “choice” that landed you in prison—can be plumbed to reveal your essential moral fiber, some basic truth of selfhood. When Chapman's WASP-y mother visits, they bemoan the fact that their daughter is in prison with people who are “nothing like you,” leading Chapman to explode into a fiery speech about how she's exactly like everyone else: “I'm in here because I made bad choices. I'm no different than anyone else.”
This moment, which is included in the show's trailer, is apparently intended as a revelation.
And yet it's simply not true. The reality for most people in prison, who are also mostly people of color, is that you're in jail for who you are—not in Chapman's moralistic sense, but in stark racial terms. For instance, studies indicate that Black people are four times more likely to be arrested for the possession of marijuana than whites, and that people of color face harsher sentences than whites for comparable crimes. More recent analysis of the failed “drug wars” indicates that they've done nothing to eradicate issues of poverty and violence in underserved neighborhoods, but instead created economies of need where drug peddling becomes an economic necessity.
Moreover, the show can't conceive of the fact that the biggest hurdle for most of the women in prison with Chapman is not that they made “bad choices,” but that their future choices are foreclosed by prison. Chapman and white women like them can eventually get beyond their arrest records. The very existence of the show and the success of the book on which it's based testify to the fact that for a white woman, a “bad choice” can become a second chance. It's unlikely that a Black woman in the same situation as Kerman could simply walk out after their sentence and turn their experience into a best-selling book and television series.
When the show does deal with the question of what happens to women of color when they get out of prison, it dodges the insurmountable obstacles standing in their way. For instance, when a young Black woman, “Taystee” Jefferson (Daniele Brooks) finally ends their prison term, they leaf with a joyous farewell party thrown for them But then she's back a couple of episodes later and explains, in one of the most heartbreaking scenes, the difficulties of the outside: Constant surveillance by the state, the impossibility of finding jobs, their lack of a support system outside. At least inside, they say, they have a bed, a routine, and friends.
On the one hand, the scene could potentially serve to highlight the differences between Chapman and Jefferson. The problem is that there are no structural reasons provided for the latter's situation outside, only that they have no friends; even their inability to find a job isn't really portrayed as a structural problem. Them return to prison is depicted as a voluntary one, and emerges almost as one bound to their DNA, just as Chapman's ability to think about others is also bound to their whiteness, an instinctual need to care for others.
Despite its many wrong notes with regard to race and ethnicity, it's clear that Orange makes a conscious effort to only be “positive” towards racial, ethnic, and sexual minorities—even its sole trans character, Sophia Burset (Laverne Cox) is drawn sympathetically.
But every show needs a villain, someone who can be completely cast out of its moral universe. A show bent on positive portrayals of people of color and queers must then look elsewhere for its true villain.
Enter Tiffany Doggett, (Taryn Manning), also called Pennsatuky—a mash-up of “Pennsylvania” and “Kentucky”—the prison's resident “white trash” born-again Christian who's also, tellingly, the only white woman whose naked body is turned fully to the camera's gaze.
At the beginning of the flashback that recounts Doggett's story, we see them in bed with a lover, smoking post-coitus, casually talking about drugs and an upcoming abortion. Doggett's jagged, broken teeth and their thin, naked body testify to the generational poverty of their kind. Hers is not the more readily understood poverty that's now discussed in public discourse, the poverty of the recently poor, the sort that the Occupy movement fights for, of those still shocked at their expulsion by capitalism. Rather, it's a poverty born and bred in the bone, impossible to escape.
There is no sympathy towards Doggett in the show, who's portrayed as the worst of the worst: Homophobic, racist, and filled with a zealotry and belief in an angry and vengeful god.
Conflict ensues between Chapman and Doggett, who's conceived of as their natural enemy within the show's moral universe. There's a long and continuing tradition in both cinema and television of lower-class whites being mocked and demonized to the fullest extent. We have no way to explain or address a world of relentless poverty that also breeds hatred towards every other kind of minority, and our best choice is to render the people in it as arch villains, beyond hope and redemption. So, when Chapman comes into conflict with Doggett, they and the show punish a figure who lives in the forgotten economic underbelly of the American Dream.
Orange engages in a classic form of feel-good diversity—it's good on queers, relatively good on people of color, and, since the poor remain invisible, no particular identifiable group is likely to issue angry letters of complaint about misrepresentation. Orange makes prison seem like a nightmare inflicted only upon those who actively seek it out by doing things against the law, but doesn't question the structural inequality which affects queers, women of color, and very poor and powerless people differently, and which places them in prison. White women like Kerman leave prison with book contracts, while others keep moving through its doors, fodder for the expanding Prison Industrial Complex.
Apple's battle with the FBI may have whipped the tech world into a frenzy of establishment-hating wannabe anarchists, but it's this '60 minutes' segment that should really piss you off.
Wanting to find out just how safe our phones are from hackers, the 60 minutes team sought professionals from Security Research Labs to break into Congressman Ted Lieu's iPhone. Lieu, a member of the House Oversight and Reform Subcommittee on Information Technology (an acronym that's dangerously close to spelling h-o-r-s-e-s-h-i-t) agreed to be the team's guinea pig.
While security professionals are abuzz with theories — ranging from deep freezing the flash memory to creating its own operating system — on how the FBI accessed the San Bernardino shooter's iPhone, it turns out all Security Research Labs needed to access secure data was Congressman Lieu's phone number.
It's not apples-to-apples; the researchers weren't accessing encrypted files or attempting to gain access to the physical device, but what they were able to accomplish with just a phone number is still incredible.
With those digits alone, the team was able to hear and record Lieu's phone calls, track their movement, view their contacts and create a log of all incoming and outgoing calls.
For the Apple haters out there, hold on to your hats… the hack perpetrated on Lieu will work on any phone, using any carrier, running any operating system, and it's all thanks to a security flaw in a piece of technology you've probably never heard of.
Signaling System 7 (SS7) is a global network that connects all phone carriers around the world into a singular hub, of sorts. The hack exploits a known security flaw in SS7, but one that's proven relatively difficult to fix due to the way SS7 is governed, or not governed, in this case.
Currently, SS7 is used by all the world's cellular carrier's, but it's not governed by any of them, or any single government entity either. Instead, it's a sort of global collaboration with a ton of red tape and no real solution on how to close the security holes that plague the world's cell phone users.
It should put you at ease that the world's best hackers probably aren't all that interested in your $300 bank account balance and your impressive collection of reaction GIFs, but it's a scary time to be a smartphone user, nonetheless.
Read next: WeChat just launched a Slack competitor, but there's a catch
Considering a classic, more than 30 years later.
—
UPDATED 7/6/18: I first posted this two years ago and like to re-present it periodically, with minor tinkering, when the opportunity presents itself. It's Byrne's birthday, so here we are again! Dig it. — Dan
—
I was not a huge fan of Superman comics as a kid. Curt Swan's art just didn't do it for me and it was hard for me to root for a god when my favorite character had to dodge bullets and skulk in the shadows.
That's not a knock on those who wrote and drew Superman — it's just a matter of taste.
Then along came 1986 — 3o years ago now — and the announcement that John Byrne, after years as one of Marvel's heaviest hitters, was coming to DC to revamp Superman post-Crisis on Infinite Earths.
If you don't remember, or weren't there, it's hard to explain what a big deal that was — even in that pre-Internet era. This was huge news. Byrne, to a lot of people, was Marvel in those days. This was as if Boston's clean-up hitter came to the Yankees.
The more I heard, the more I liked: Superman would start over from scratch with a biweekly, 6-issue miniseries called The Man of Steel. It would feature a Kal-El who really was the Last Son of Krypton — no Supergirl, Krypto, Kandor, none of it. And Clark Kent was never Superboy. (Again, not to knock Superboy but I always thought that idea was an especially long stretch.)
It sounded an awful lot like Superman: The Movie, which was my favorite version of Superman (and remains so today).
So when Man of Steel came out that summer — Issue #1 evidently came out July 10 — I was blown away. This was the Superman I'd been waiting to see on the page.
The art was bright, clean and powerful — soaring even. The characterization was humane and distinct. Superman was made of steel but they were also a man. Like the previous version, Clark liked being Superman and was likeable — but now they were relatable. They were a contemporary — and no longer “Uncle Superman.”
And it wasn't just when they were in the cape. Clark Kent was a more affable guy than buffoon — and got their own makeover in the process. Gone was the blue two-piece and red tie.
Lex Luthor got a similar update: They no longer wore purple-and-green costumes — choosing instead Fortune 500 tailored suits. The Luthor you saw in the Bruce Timm cartoons was pretty much lifted whole cloth from Byrne. Lois, meanwhile, was a stylish cross between Margot Kidder and Barbara Stanwyck. Classic, but up to date.
To this day, I've never liked a comic-book Superman better.
This was a stripped-down but still mighty Man of Steel, one that should have been allowed to flourish.
Sadly, it didn't last. Byrne only worked on Superman for about two years. Some of the elements — like LexCorp — remain to this day but Superman's origin has been retconned so many times now that The Man of Steel and the issues that followed have become something of a relic. (Click here for more on that.)
Over the years, I tried Superman again and again, in a vain attempt to capture that magic. I never really lasted — until the last couple of years.
DC's Rebirth gave us a Kal-El whose roots are in the post-Man of Steel era. It's been the most entertaining Superman since the Byrne days: soaring, humanistic and exciting.
And it's not over. Rebirth has given way to Bendis, but so far they seem to be carrying the baton. It may be early but there are plenty of reasons to be hopeful.
So like Superman, I remain ever the optimist.
—
MORE
— 13 COVERS: A JOHN BYRNE Birthday Super-Celebration. Click here.
DESPITE the stereotype of slack-jawed farmers bumbling around fields, farming is and always has been rooted in careful analysis of data. From deducing the best conditions to achieve bumper crop yields to keeping track of the bounty from their hectares of arable land, farmers have to deal with as much information as some City traders.
Yet they may not realise it. Your correspondent asked one farm labourer whether their employer used any technology to track weather conditions and output. “Why would we need to?” they asked. “We check the weather forecast.” A new crop of apps and websites attempt to convince sceptical farmers that computers may be better than their brains.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
FarmLogs, an alumnus of the Y Combinator, a Silicon Valley start-up programme, was founded by Jesse Vollmar in August 2012. Having helped out on their family's farm in Michigan when younger, Mr Vollmar knows well the reams of paper records that show planting and harvesting times demanded by government from the farming industry.
Mr Vollmar's firm replaces all that paperwork with a simple smartphone app. It already allows the owners of hundreds of American farms to analyse the economics of their land and plan for the future. Users pay a monthly charge (a farm of less than 400 acres owes $20 per month). FarmLogs has found backers confident of its growth. It gained $1m in seed funding in January to expand its staff and develop the app further for the new farming season.
That investment may help it gain ground on an older competitor: iCropTrak, a 19-month-old old app developed by Cogent3D. The firm won't say how many users it has, but it boasts 15,000 from one government contract alone. Last year it was commended by the World Ag Expo, a farming industry trade show, as one of the ten best technology innovations in agriculture.
The app tracks everything needed in a farm's upkeep, says iCropTrak's Aaron Hutchinson—from tillage, to planting, to irrigation, to scouting, to spraying, to harvest, to soil sampling. The service also connects labourers, ensuring everyone is aware of completed and uncompleted tasks. Fields are divided up using map data, allowing farm owners to analyse each section of their farm to see whether wheat, for example, is performing better than maize (corn).
Another company aiming to plough its own furrow is Vital Fields, an Estonian start-up and an alumnus of Startup Wise Guys, an accelerator based in the country. The service, which was launched in August 2011, does not come with an app, relying instead on a mobile-friendly website. Vital Fields aims to provide the most accurate field-specific weather forecast for farmers, co-founder Martin Rand explains.
Like the other services, it helps keep track of any actions performed on a field (such as spraying, ploughing or seeding). Yet this feature is secondary to the main product: “an integrated pest management (IPM) solution”. It uses the data to calculate the risk—field-by-field—of crops being hit by disease. This information allows it to tell a farmer whether they need to increase or decrease the use of pesticide on a specific field.
The IPM tool and in-depth weather data down to field level are paid extras to Vital Fields' free offering, explains Mr Rand. The website has secured a loyal user base in its home country and they expect that Vital Fields will gain a 5% market penetration in Estonia by the end of the year. It has made a small foray into the British farming market, but it intends to mainly expand in eastern Europe, where agricultural expertise is less developed than in Britain.
Whether or not they acknowledge it, farmers are accountants, engineers and research pioneers all bundled into one. If anything, services such as FarmLogs, iCropTrak and Vital Fields are proof of that. But farmers are also a sceptical bunch, who pass down tips and tricks across the generations. Convincing them to cede to technological knowledge, rather than relying on their own intuition, may be a tough battle.
For a moment on Monday, it looked as if Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg would escape a second round of questions over their decision to conceal the domestic violence arrest that prompted the resignation of former Deputy Mayor Stephen Goldsmith.
Before the West Indian Day Parade in Brooklyn, they fielded several questions from reporters about the weekend's spate of violence, and spent roughly three minutes talking about it and its link to the proliferation of illegal guns circulating on city streets.
Then they were asked about the Goldsmith episode. Again, as when they were asked about it on Sunday, Mr. Bloomberg offered no apology – “I just don't think we should get involved in making a situation any worse,” they said, and they reaffirmed their position about when it is appropriate to notify the public of a public official's arrest.
“What takes place in another jurisdiction, we're not familiar with their procedures and we shouldn't be commenting on them,” Mr. Bloomberg said. “If, however, somebody does something outside of New York that has to do with their official business in New York and we find out about it, then we do.”
Mr. Goldsmith was arrested in Washington on July 30 after an altercation with their wife. But Mr. Bloomberg gave no hint of it when, five days later, their office released a statement announcing Mr. Goldsmith's departure, saying they were leaving city government “to pursue private-sector opportunities in infrastructure finance.”
“I don't see any reason why we should go on and try to get headlines by going out and talking about something which we really don't know what happened,” Mr. Bloomberg told reporters on Monday. (Mr. Goldsmith was not charged with a crime because their wife wanted the case dropped.)
When asked for their opinion, Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly, who had stood alongside the mayor at Monday's news conference, said simply, “I'm not getting involved in this.”
Mr. Bloomberg offered a curt “no comment” when they were asked to respond to a suggestion by Manhattan's borough president, Scott M. Stringer, their most vociferous critic, that the City Council hold hearings over how the mayor handled the matter.
The City Council speaker, Christine C. Quinn, who, like Mr. Stringer, is expected to run for mayor in 2013, and Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo took soft swipes at Mr. Bloomberg in separate statements before the parade began.
Ms. Quinn said: “The facts needed to come out and I'm glad they did come out. Obviously I think they should have come out sooner.”
Mr. Cuomo, one of the parade's grand marshals, offered the same sentiment, then added, “Now, it's going to be up to the people to judge whether they handled it appropriately.”
Juliet Linderman contributed reporting.
Brendan Rodgers believes Manchester City's faltering title challenge will serve as a warning against complacency to Liverpool when they take their pursuit of the Premier League to struggling Norwich City on Sunday.
Liverpool's prospects of a first title win since 1990 were enhanced on Wednesday when the club with the biggest wage bill in world sport were held to a 2-2 draw at home by bottom-of-the-table Sunderland. The result left City six points adrift of the league leaders having played one game fewer. On the same night Rodgers watched Crystal Palace damage Everton's Champions League aspirations with a 3-2 win at Goodison Park that effectively secured their Premier League status.
Both results shaped the Liverpool manager's address to their squad at Melwood on Thursday. "I said to the players before we started training this morning that if there was doubt about our rivals dropping points, then they should also take last night's results as a warning sign," they said.
"It was a warning sign for everyone that, at this point of the season with four games to go, there is nothing guaranteed and I have said that all the way along. Crystal Palace had an excellent result and Sunderland were within minutes of getting a great victory. That was the biggest message I got from last night. Yes, one of our rivals might have dropped points but that is irrelevant. You have to do your own job. The warning signs are there."
Norwich is fourth bottom and two points clear of Fulham ahead of Neil Adams' first game as manager at Carrow Road since replacing the sacked Chris Hughton last week. Their recent record against Liverpool is woeful, having lost the past four league meetings by an aggregate score of 18-3 and been on the receiving end of two hat-tricks plus a four-goal haul from Luis Suárez in that sequence. As evidenced by Sunderland and Palace, however, Rodgers believes Premier League survival will spur Norwich on Sunday.
"When you're so close to the finishing line you can maybe think that the job can be done and is done," they said. "Teams can look that they are playing teams towards the bottom of the league and that those games might be easy, but actually it's the contrast – they can be even more difficult. People are fighting for their livelihoods, fighting for their lives, fighting for their children, fighting for the supporters. And they're fighting to play in the best league in the world. That is the nuts and bolts of it."
Liverpool's biggest threat for the title now comes from José Mourinho's Chelsea, who visit Anfield a week on Sunday, but Rodgers insists the potential Premier League decider has not entered their thoughts. They insisted: "We haven't even thought about Chelsea. We've been brilliant in the big games this season – Man United, Tottenham, Arsenal, Man City – but it is about Norwich and that's it."
The Liverpool manager also dismissed suggestions that last Sunday's victory over City at an emotion-charged Anfield, where the 25th anniversary of Hillsborough was commemorated before the game and their team survived a second-half recovery to win 3-2, could take a psychological toll on their players. "We are into the final block of games and that was just another one ticked off. We really only focus on the next game," they said.
"It is never easy at this stage. We have to stay calm and focus on what we want to achieve. Our determination is there, our fitness is there, you look at the intensity of the work of the team last week and it was phenomenal really. All the young players coped with the pressure and the older ones helped to get the team through. There certainly won't be complacency or nerves. There won't be pressure on us. It is the same demand as for every game: which is to play well and win.
"For the first 45 minutes last weekend we were unplayable and that was against a top group of players who have scored a lot of goals and have some world-class players. It was 20 minutes from City at the beginning of the second half where we had to stand up and be counted. When you have the biggest wage bill in sport you have to perform at some stage in the game. Then we came back and showed what great teams do, we showed resilience and quality. There have been a lot of questions about the team and we have come out with all the solutions.
"We certainly don't have our hands up in the air. The finishing line is a wee bit out, we just need to focus and keep producing the performances that we have."
Liverpool will be without the suspended Jordan Henderson at Carrow Road while Daniel Sturridge is a doubt for the game due to a slight hamstring strain. Rodgers said: "It's not too serious, it's not going to keep them out for too many weeks, but they may be a risk for the weekend. We'll assess it more over the next couple of days. Fortunately Daniel recovers very quickly."
Pope Francis's no-longer-secret meeting in Washington DC with anti-gay activist Kim Davis, the controversial Kentucky county clerk who was briefly jailed over their refusal to issue same-sex marriage licenses in compliance with state law, leaves LGBT people with no illusions about the Pope's stance on equal rights for us, despite their call for inclusiveness. It should now be clear to all that they and the Catholic Church remain steadfastly on the wrong side of history, mired in a discriminatory past.
While in the US, Pope Francis spoke about treating others as we would like to be treated. Yet their enormous power and influence have undermined LGBT
people all over the world, as evidenced by their thinly-veiled anti-equality statements both in Congress and during their post-visit press conference – all broadcast before a global audience.
They even repeated the tired old nonsense that we are a threat. In their speech to Congress, they lamented that “fundamental” family relationships were threatened by modern alternatives and, in a press conference conducted in-flight en route to Rome at the end of their visit to the United States, they stated that it is a human right to refuse same-sex marriage licenses and referred to it as conscientious objection.
Yet, Davis, with whom they met and apparently offered moral support to, was quite free to conscientiously object to same-sex marriage. They even had the opportunity to resign or allow their deputies to issue the licenses without her, but they refused to do either – and went so far as to reportedly altering the license forms in a manner that may invalidate people's marriages. They apparently thought they could “conscientiously object” and keep the perks of the job they conscientiously object to performing at the same time.
The pope's support of Davis and others objecting to same-sex marriage and actively trying to keep people from marrying will result in more bigotry and discrimination against us, and is at variance with their overall message of inclusiveness.
Francis is championing “fundamental” family relationships at the expense of hard-won rights by gays and their families – and already many are using the pope's comments to further their anti-equality agenda, including Davis and their lawyers with the anti-equality Liberty Counsel. But none of this should have
come as a surprise.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Pope Francis appears to support Kim Davis in plane interview. Link to video
Statements made by Pope Francis just a few months ago in the Philippines underscore their opposition to marriage equality. “The family is threatened by growing efforts on the part of some to redefine the very institution of marriage, by relativism, by the culture of the ephemeral, by a lack of openness to life”, Francis said at a Mass in Manila. “These realities are increasingly under attack from powerful forces, which threaten to disfigure God's plan for creation”.
These views were even more obvious and succinct than the thinly-veiled swipes against marriage equality that they made in America last week. Their anti-marriage equality stance stands in stark contrast to some of their other statements. For instance, Pope Francis rightly lectured Congress and the world about the refugee crisis and quoted the bible's message “do unto others as you would have them do unto you” – but to ‘do unto others' means affording equal rights to all, not select groups. Affording unrestricted access to marriage rights strengthens the institution of marriage in a democracy and it is very troubling for the pope to suggest that same-sex marriages threaten traditional marriage.
That oft-demolished illogical and unreasonable argument is ludicrous and the US supreme court ruled accordingly - as did the citizens of Ireland (a predominantly Catholic country) and in other countries where gay marriage has been legalized. The pope may not have given much emphasis to their bigotry or prejudice when they were in the United States, but it was there all along – if we paid attention attention. Their meeting with Kim Davis in Washington DC is more definitive proof of which side they are on when it comes to human rights for LGBT people. Next time, perhaps we'll be less surprised when they show their true colors.
It feels like video games got raunchier in 2015. More games tackled sex in novel ways this year, and many of the biggest controversies of 2015 revolved around nudity.
Oh, and lots of people continued to draw video game dicks in 2015, too. Some things never change.
Here's a look back at the biggest sex stories of the year.
Advertisement
More than ever before, 2015 surprised me in the ways games handled sex. There was unicorn sex, virtual reality sex, and even shockingly honest depictions of romance in video games. It wasn't all good, though. The fringes of video game sex were also startling and dark, in their own ways.
Sponsored
One of the biggest controversies of 2015 had to be censorship. I'm not certain that this was a particularly bad year for game alterations, but I do think the internet makes it easy to spot and talk about any changes made within a game. 2015 was just the year we started paying more attention to this stuff.
In lighter news, our communal obsession with dicks stayed strong in 2015.
2015 had some fun with sexy video game stuff, too.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The man who's in charge of Brexit thinks the repairs on Big Ben's infamous tower are taking far too long.
Without a hint of irony, David Davis - who is currently trying to extend benefits of EU membership for two years beyond their deadline - called the timescale "mad".
The Brexit Secretary joined a host of angry MPs who called the four-year repair project "entirely bonkers" and "ridiculous".
The world's most famous bell's hourly chimes will fall silent from noon next Monday until 2021 as the tower holding it undergoes major repairs.
The silence, the longest in its 158-year history, will be broken only by chimes on New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
Commons officials insisted it was to protect builders' hearing.
But despite admitting "I haven't been in the details", Mr Davis claimed "there's hardly a health and safety argument," adding: "I think it's mad."
(Image: Getty)
(Image: PA)
They told LBC: "I'd forgotten how long it takes to get the approvals for this, the approvals for that.
"There's a rude phrase that I'd shorten to 'just get on with it'."
The 315ft, Grade I listed Elizabeth Tower that holds the bell and clock face is undergoing what House of Commons officials claimed would be a £29million restoration.
But there are now fears the cost of the revamp on the crumbling Parliamentary estate has soared.
Reports earlier this year claimed the cost to taxpayers had doubled to £60million.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: PA)
Now Commons officials have admitted they will make an "announcement" later this year revealing the final cost of the work - and are refusing to give a figure until then.
Tory MP James Gray, who sat on the administration committee which first approved the work, told the Daily Telegraph they regretted the committee's decision to give its backing and there was never any indication it would mean Big Ben being out of action for so long.
They said: "This is entirely bonkers. It is ridiculous to silence the bell for four years. I am very sceptical about the whole thing."
Labour MP Steve Pound said: "They kept the bells tolling through the Blitz. The Luftwaffe could not stop it but health and safety has. There has to be a way around this."
Labour shadow minister Barry Gardiner told the Daily Mail: "It seems to me not beyond the wit of man to make sure the programme of works could be arranged in a way that would allow it to chime more regularly. It seems to me draconian to think it will only chime eight times in four years."
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Tory MP Shailesh Vara complained: "Why should it take four years? Are they working three shifts in 24 hours or are they doing a 9 to 5?"
The tower's 13.7-tonne Great Bell - it, not the tower, is nicknamed Big Ben - has marked the hour on the note of E with "almost unbroken service" since 31 May 1859.
The bell was the largest ever cast in east London's Whitechapel Bell Foundry, which also cast the Liberty Bell and still runs today after nearly 500 years.
Ben Ben last fell silent for maintenance in 2007 and a major revamp between 1983 and 1985.
It also fell silent during the two world wars - but a Commons spokesperson confirmed it is expected to be the longest period without hourly chimes since they began in 1859.
(Image: Daily Herald)
The tower's famous clock faces will be mostly obscured by scaffolding as soon as October this year.
Parliamentary officials have assured the public one of its four faces will always be visible - but the other three will be covered.
The mechanism of the clock itself will also stop for "several months" as part of the project. Until now, Parliamentary officials had only confirmed this period would see chimes stop - but now they will stop for four years.
The project is not part of a wider revamp of the Palace of Westminster which could cost £4billion or more and is due to start in the 2020s.
As they traveled across Asia, President Trump touted a flurry of multibillion-dollar military sales and one-off business deals with nations they visited. Upon their return to the White House this week, they are pledging to unveil more, boasting that their handiwork is "far bigger than anything you know."
But the 12-day trip also underscored how little progress Trump has made on a far more sweeping pledge central to their "America first" vision: replacing multilateral trade agreements — which they have long railed against but every U.S. president since Harry S. Truman has embraced — with one-on-one deals more "fair" to the United States.
"None of the trading partners, particularly in Asia, seem to be enthused about such a prospect," said Wendy Cutler, a longtime U.S. trade official who now serves as vice president of the Asia Society Policy Institute.
The most pointed evidence of that came during Trump's visit to Vietnam, where news broke that the remaining 11 nations involved in the Trans-Pacific Partnership, including Japan, were moving on without the United States.
Trump, on their third day in office, signed an executive memorandum withdrawing the United States from the 12-nation pact that had been painstakingly negotiated over a decade by two of their White House predecessors.
The remaining nations are "all very much focused on that" rather than brokering separate agreements with the United States, said Harry Kazianis, an Asia scholar at the Center for the National Interest. "They're focused on the deal closest to the table."
[Trump's ‘America first' looks more and more like ‘America alone']
In some cases, politics at home make it difficult to move forward independently with the United States, experts say.
In crafting the TPP, for example, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe spent considerable political capital with the powerful farming lobby in their country to open its agricultural market.
"They're not going to give more ground to Trump than they have already," Kazianis said.
Following Trump's departure from Japan last week, Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso said that their nation had no intention of signing a bilateral agreement with the United States and would work to bring down the U.S. trade deficit with Japan via more modest steps.
Cutler said that nations in Asia have watched with puzzlement as Trump seeks to renegotiate NAFTA with two close U.S. allies — Canada and Mexico — and seeks to renegotiate a separate trade deal with South Korea amid a nuclear crisis in the region.
"My sense is everyone would prefer to wait to see what happens" in those negotiations before moving forward, Cutler said.
Trump boosters say that it's unrealistic to expect their tough talk on trade to translate immediately into new agreements — and that it's not necessarily advantageous to move quickly.
"Trump is a negotiator," said Heritage Foundation fellow Stephen Moore, who advised Trump on economic issues during last year's campaign. "All of these countries need to trade with the United States more than we need to trade with them. Why not use that as a bargaining chip? Trump is playing coy with some of these countries. They don't have to be in a huge hurry to get this done."
As they prepared to return home, Trump took to Twitter to make the case that their meetings with Asian leaders marked a start toward more trade deals "unlike the horror shows from past Administrations."
"After my tour of Asia, all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed," Trump tweeted Monday. "The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly!"
On the trip, Trump's announcements were plentiful but limited to military sales and individual business deals rather than larger trading frameworks. And it wasn't clear that everything announced would come to fruition.
In China, for example, the largest project unveiled was a plan by China Energy Investment Corp. to invest $83.7 billion in power generation, chemical manufacturing and underground storage of natural gas liquids and derivatives in West Virginia. But the two sides signed only a memorandum of understanding, not a contract, and the eye-popping figure covers a 20-year period, the state said.
"One of the notable aspects of this trip is the paucity of outcomes it produced," said Ryan Haas, an Asia expert on the National Security Council staff in the Obama administration who is now at the Brookings Institution. "It appears Donald Trump invested a lot of energy into developing good chemistry with other leaders, but we haven't yet seen that translate into good outcomes for U.S. citizens."
Haas also said that the administration's stance doesn't reflect modern trade patterns. Smartphones may have components from Japan, South Korea and Taiwan, shipped through China, and exported to Europe and the United States, they said.
Patrick Cronin, an Asia expert at the Center for a New American Security, said even bilateral deals can take time to develop and that Trump administration is "trying to walk a tightrope."
On the one hand, it's staying faithful to the "America first" rhetoric of a Trump campaign that appealed to voters who have felt left behind by globalization. On the other hand, the administration doesn't want to exit the system altogether.
"It's trying to color outside the lines but not tear up the whole book," Cronin said.
Trump's disdain for multinational deals was highlighted throughout their five-nation swing.
"I will make bilateral trade agreements with any Indo-Pacific nation that wants to be our partner and that will abide by the principles of fair and reciprocal trade," the president said at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Danang, Vietnam. "What we will no longer do is enter into large agreements that tie our hands, surrender our sovereignty, and make meaningful enforcement practically impossible."
The remarks represent Trump's long-standing world view. In March, less than six weeks into their presidency, they told Congress that boosting jobs and economic growth in the United States required "focusing on bilateral negotiations rather than multilateral negotiations — and by renegotiating and revising trade agreements when our goals are not being met."
The president also promised to "aggressively defend American sovereignty over trade policy," a jab at the 164-nation World Trade Organization, which was established in 1995 with U.S. support. The global trading body administers the arcane rules that govern cross-border commerce, mediates disputes between member nations and presides over negotiations aimed at further trade liberalization.
Its role as a dispute forum has irked Trump, who sees the rulings of a Geneva-based group of experts as an infringement upon U.S. authority. Though the United States has won the overwhelming majority of cases it has filed over other nations' trade policies, it has lost a similar share of the complaints filed against it. "Simply put, we have not been treated fairly by the World Trade Organization," the president said in Danang.
That view is disputed by many corporate executives and other trade professionals. "The multilateral approach is ultimately the best way forward," said Alan Wolff, deputy director general of the World Trade Organization, who said in Washington this week that the administration had abandoned 70 years of U.S. leadership.
One indication that the United States needs the WTO: Washington lacks bilateral free-trade agreements with seven trading partners out of its top 10.
If the president follows through on their threats to withdraw from NAFTA, European and Asian exporters might soon enjoy preferential access to the Canadian market that U.S. companies would lack, said Rufus Yerxa, president of the industry-backed National Foreign Trade Council.
The administration's critics fear a return to the sort of tit-for-tat trade wars that strangled two-thirds of global trade in the 1930s.
Yerxa, speaking at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, called the administration's go-it-alone instinct "a signal that the U.S. is moving in reverse on trade just at a time when the rest of the world is moving on fast forward."
The president's populist stance has opened an unusual gap between a Republican White House and the business community. Neither Trump's preference for bilateral deals nor some of their specific goals in the NAFTA renegotiation — including a "sunset clause" that would kill the treaty every five years unless it were renewed — are shared by the corporate world.
"What's the endgame here? If we do undermine the WTO, if we do call into question the rules-based trading system, what's the better system?" Sarah Thorn, senior director for government relations at Walmart, asked at the CSIS earlier this week.
As it turns away from multilateral arrangements, the administration may be preparing to impose punitive unilateral trade measures. The Commerce Department has been mulling a recommendation for new limits on imports of Chinese steel, citing a threat to national security. And in August, Trump ordered their trade representative to open an investigation of China's alleged widespread theft of U.S. intellectual property, which could ultimately lead to U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods.
"We are in the midst of a transition from a strategy based on consultation and dialogue with the Chinese to one based on unilateral pressure," said Scott Kennedy, an expert on the Chinese economy for the CSIS.
Unicorns are rare beasts of the business world, startup companies that are valued at $1B or more. Once considered the stuff of myth, there are now over 180. US shopping site Jet.com holds the unicorn speed record – its $1B valuation occurred just 4 months after the company was founded. Only 4 companies have achieved such a valuation in under a year, and just 20 within 2 years of incorporation.
So far, 2016's unicorns are relatively senior compared to their counterparts from earlier years – more than half of them are at least 7 years old. 2015 saw 91 companies make unicorn status, 10 of those amongst the speediest ever at less than 2 years from incorporation to $1B valuation. However, that same year also saw companies up to 20 years old making their debut. Overall the median time for unicorn startups to reach a $1B valuation has been relatively stable at around 6 years.
Although the majority of unicorn companies are based in North America, there are unicorn startups on every continent. Africa's only $1B startup reached its unicorn valuation in just 4 years, but Asia's numerous unicorns are generally the fastest, racing to their $1B valuations in an average of just 5 years. In comparison European and American start-ups lag behind at 6 years. Asia is now home to over a quarter of the world's unicorns, the majority of which are based in China.
Unicorns in newer sectors like social media and on-demand apps were among the fastest to reach their $1B valuation. Social unicorns, including Snapchat and Pinterest, took a median of 4 years, while the likes of Uber and Lyft made it in a median of just 3. Other speedy sectors include eCommerce and software development.
CNN published an analysis of recent polls on Wednesday that might look terrifying for Democrats.
It showed Donald Trump trailing Hillary Clinton by just 2 points, drawing from several other polls recently that have put the two candidates neck and neck. Over the past two weeks, Quinnipiac said Trump is trailing by 4 points, Rasmussen said he's down by 2 points, and ABC News said Trump was in fact beating Clinton by 2 points.
This marks a major turnaround from months of polling that showed Clinton leading Trump by double digits through much of the primary season.
But the critical question is what this shift really means for the candidates' chances in November. We talked to five pollsters and three political scientists, and they all urged caution in reading too much into Clinton's apparent weakness while they continue to fend off a primary challenge from Bernie Sanders. But some of them also urged against dismissing the latest polls as meaningless statistical noise.
Less than a month ago, pundit wisdom held that Clinton would waltz to a historic landslide over Trump. It might be time to rethink that assumption.
Why these polls shouldn't scare Clinton
Trump is getting a post-primary bump, and Clinton probably will too: Jim Williams, analyst at the Democratic-leaning polling firm Public Policy Polling
Here's the silver lining for Clinton from Trump's polling rise: At least some of it is due to Sanders's fans growing less likely to say they'll support them in one-on-one matchups against Trump.
Of course, Clinton would prefer if that weren't the case. But it suggests she's sagging in part because of temporary — and presumably reconcilable — divisions among Democratic voters, rather than the movement of centrist independents away from their campaign.
In March, two-thirds of Sanders supporters said they'd support Clinton over Trump in a one-on-one general election contest. That number has since fallen to about 50 percent, according to YouGov polling.
"We're at the height of the animosity between Clinton and Sanders, and that explains some of this," Williams says. "This is when you're going to get people stomping their foot and saying, 'No, I'm not going with Hillary.'"
This syncs with the broader conventional wisdom right now: Trump is seeing a bump because he's won over initially skeptical Republican voters, and Clinton can likely expect a similar surge if Sanders drops out and endorses them
"Once the Democratic nomination is decided, Hillary will further consolidate the party," Williams says. "Historically, with both parties there's a group of holdouts until when the primary campaign reaches its bitter end."
Polls this far out should mostly be ignored: Kathy Frankovic, former CBS polling director and analyst at YouGov; and Jonathan Ladd, professor at Georgetown University
Frankovic once tried keeping to a simple rule: Don't scrutinize general election polls until after Labor Day.
"Otherwise, you're spinning wheels — you're worrying or celebrating prematurely," they say. "You can look for signs and explanations as to why things are the way they are, but you have to be aware that you're looking at a lot of people who haven't decided yet."
This year, for instance, close to 20 percent of people still say that they haven't made up their mind between Clinton and Trump, according to Frankovic's latest YouGov poll.
That matches Ladd's view; they say we should be skeptical of any general election poll before the Democratic and Republican conventions are held in late July. (Princeton professor Sam Wang recently noted that general election polls are actually less predictive in the spring than they are in either February or August.)
"The political science conventional wisdom — which is not always right — is that the polls are much more correlated with the results after the conventions than before they're held," Ladd says. "The historical evidence shows that you get wild, big swings in polls before the end of the second convention."
Trump remains highly unpopular on critical questions: Bill Galston, former policy adviser to Bill Clinton and Brookings Institution scholar
Then there's another encouraging sign for Democrats: Clinton looks better once you begin poking into the specific questions asked by pollsters.
"You have to look at the deeper structure of public opinion," Galston says. "You have to look at voters' evaluation of the traits of the different candidates; then you see the raw material for the general election."
Look, for instance, at national security and international affairs, where voters overwhelmingly favor Clinton. They beat Trump two to one on who can be trusted on foreign policy and also by huge margins on caring more about the middle class.
"Every successful presidential candidate has to clear a threshold of being at least acceptable as chief flight attendant of American foreign policy and commander in chief of the armed forces," Galston says. "The more the Clinton campaign can turn the focus of the election toward those areas where they have a decided edge, the better they'll do."
Why the race is looking awfully close
Republicans are lining up behind Trump; this is not going to be a blowout: Richard Benedetto, political scientist and polling expert at American University
Perhaps the worst sign for Clinton is that the new polls blow up the idea that Trump would cause a mass defection among Republican voters.
About 80 percent of Republicans say they'll support Trump over Clinton. That's around as many Democrats are supporting Clinton over Trump at the moment.
"The media decided that Trump is such a buffoon he'd badly blow the race," Benedetto says. "But this race is looking close."
As the Washington Post noted, Trump had no chance if they couldn't convince Republican voters to get behind him. He's certainly cleared that hurdle now.
Are voters increasingly okay with admitting their support for Trump? Michael Ramlet, CEO and co-founder, and Kyle Dropp, executive director of polling and data scientist, both of polling firm Morning Consult
The tightening of the race wasn't a big surprise for the polling firm Morning Consult, which has had Trump within striking distance of Clinton for several months.
"A lot of people are hearing that Trump is more competitive than six or eight weeks ago," Ramlet says. "But we've been telling that story for weeks."
Why is that? Unlike more traditional pollsters, Morning Consult gets its samples through online questions instead of just via in-person and telephone interviews.
Using anonymous online surveys has led Morning Consult to consistently give Trump better numbers than other firms — both now and during the primary — because, according to Ramlet, voters have been embarrassed to tell interviewers they're supporting Trump.
"There was a 6- to 8-point difference between what people would tell an online poll and what they'd tell a live telephone interviewer," they say. "And the effect became more pronounced with higher-income and better-educated respondents."
If that's true, maybe Trump's recently polling rise isn't a result of an ongoing feud in the Democratic primary but instead a growing willingness to reveal to pollsters the extent of what's been their much deeper popularity all along.
Some models have found this should be a Republican year: Julia Clark, senior vice president of Ipsos Public Affairs
If Trump can really just run as a generic Republican with the support of their party's voters, then there's good reason to believe they can beat Clinton.
Clark built a model to look at how some "fundamental" factors going into the presidential cycle — including the president's approval ratings, the state of the economy, and the length of the current party's control of the White House — correlate with which party should be favored in November.
Clark found the Republicans should have a healthy edge in 2016. "If you go on that model alone, there's an 85 percent predictive value it should be a Republican year," they say.
Clark has other polling evidence that helps them think Trump will prove a serious candidate. "Trump's themes are not just the purview of Republican voters; there are independents who buy into a watered-down version of Trump's nativism," they say.
Take the line that "immigrants take jobs away from Americans." When asked, only 41 percent of independents agree with it. By comparison, 56 percent of independents agree with the line, "When jobs are scarce, employers should prioritize hiring people of this country."
"I'm waiting and seeing, because if Trump begins to adjust their rhetoric, these lines might be more universally appealing," Clark says. "I think it's very possible Trump could win the presidency. They certainly have a much better chance than most people are giving him."
The map we see every presidential election is pretty much useless
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Just days before Universal Studios Hollywood officially opens Despicable Me Minion Mayhem, the California theme park has announced a big new addition and finale to their popular studio tram tour attraction.
Fast & Furious – Supercharged will add explosive new visuals based on the popular “The Fast and the Furious” film franchise.
Called a “3D-HD thrill ride,” Fast & Furious – Supercharged will reunite stars from the “Fast & Furious” series. The story will put guests in the high-stakes underground world of fast cars, where their identity is exposed, join the cast in a harrowing escapade to save one of their own from an international crime cartel. The adventure will culminate with action sequences through the streets of Los Angeles, making guests feel they are traveling in excess of 120 miles per hour.
The attraction will be a hydraulic motion-based ride, featuring special effects, state-of-the-art 3D audio system, and 3D imagery projected onto the world's longest 360-degree screen, spanning nearly 400 feet in length to encircle Studio Tour guests in a newly-constructed 50,000-square-foot structure on the backlot. The screen will feature 18 4K projectors.
Along the tram route, prop cars from the Fast & Furious series, including Dom's iconic Dodge Charger, will be seen as well.
“We've embarked on a new medium of immersive entertainment that brings to life the characters, hyper-realistic action adventure and custom-made effects to transport guests into the exciting world of Fast & Furious,” said Mark Woodbury, President of Universal Creative. “Our collaboration with Universal Pictures to bring this franchise to life through epic storytelling and technological breakthroughs continues to be a hallmark of Universal Studios Hollywood.”
The tram tours will also have lengthened hours, adding a different story and new effects after dark.
The updated ride's artwork shows exactly what is expected from an attraction based on the high-speed movies: cars and explosions.
Fast & Furious Supercharged won't be a standalone ride, but rather an add-on to the existing backlot tram tour. It's set to open in summer 2015.
James O'Brien Rips Apart The Daily Mail Editor One Fact At A Time
This is James O'Brien's forensic demolition of Daily Mail editor Paul Dacre.
The newspaper boss held a star-studded gala last night, attended by dignitaries including Prime Minister Theresa May.
But James had one simple question for the editor: what about Britain is they proud of?
James O'Brien had one key question for Paul Dacre. Picture: LBC / PA
One by one, James looked at articles published by Mr Dacre and found a disturbing trend.
They said the Daily Mail editor doesn't approve of independent judges, the freedom of academics, parliamentary sovereignty or freedom of speech.
"So what are they proud of in this country?" James asked, "apart from their own legacy of hatred, bile and bigotry.
"That's best exemplified by the fact that they put the assassination of an elected representative by a white supremacist terrorist, obsessed like them by immigration, on page 29 of their newspaper.
"On that day, on page 7, there was an article about the length of baguettes."
(Last Updated On: 06/12/2018)
With everyone telling me how dangerous South Africa is and how extremely cautious I should be there I didn't really know what to expect from my travels there (safety in South Africa is a topic for another post). I also didn't know anyone who has done South Africa backpacking so there was no one to ask for the advice.
I'm a very organized person, especially when it comes to travelling. Of course there's some space for a little adventure here and there but I like to know I that at the end of the day I will have a place to sleep. I slowly started to freak out and doubting my decision to go but as soon as I started doing some researches on South Africa backpacking I was calm everything will be just fine.
South Africa backpacking: Transportation
The most popular way of moving around South Africa, at least among backpackers, is by the hop-on-hop-off bus. I was in love with their concept right away! At the scheduled time the bus comes to pick you from the hostel you stay at (the whole list of hostels working with BazBus is available at their website) and after the journey they drop you off at the next hostel chosen by you.
It's a typical hop on hop off service but with this (excellent) feature that it really is door to door. In the country with such a bad safety reputation travelers can't ask for anything better!
The buses were not too big, around 20 places in each, and they never got full, each time it was a pretty comfortable journey (my personal favorite were seats just behind the driver *hint*). They were mostly used by young backpackers – majority of which came from Germany and the Netherlands. Only once we had an retired German couple travelling in bus but they got along just fine.
Since there are all the people travelling in the same direction we kept stumbling upon each other and eventually became a friendly gang – each person was welcomed after few days as an old friend and had to tell about their or their whereabouts in that time! It was like a roadtrip with friends!
During the journey the bus stops every 2-3 hours on the petrol station or other restaurant/shop places. I was really surprised how well equipped these were! There were all kinds of drinks, snacks and just about everything else in a very fair prices!
Usually there was also a fast food chain to get some warm food. Some places even had special offers on lower prices for bus passangers. The restrooms were really cleaned and well maintained too. All of these made travelling around not too bad.
The hop-on hop-off bus covers the most popular places in South Africa. There're three routes: Johannesburg – Durban (via Drakensberg Mountains), Durban – Port Elisabeth and Port Elisabeth – Cape Town (hence compulsory sleepovers in Durban and Port Elisabeth). Driving each of them takes more or less the whole day – I somehow didn't imagine South Africa as such a huge country but it is enormous!
It depends only on you where you want to stop on the way and how much time you plan to spend in one place. You can be also flexible with your plans (something I didn't do and kind of regretted I didn't have more time in my South Africa itinerary) – you're recommended to book your seat 72 hours in advance and I guess in the peak season it's a must, however when you travel off season there's not much to worry about.
There are also a lot of various tickets options for you to choose from. Since I was pretty limited with time (as it turned out 2 weeks in South Africa is extremely little!) I picked a 7 day travel pass and used it extensively. In that time I did Johannesburg – Drakensberg – Durban – Port Elisabeth – Knysna – Cape Town; around 2250 kms! I was considering 14 days pass and stopping in more places on the way but I simply didn't have time for that.
You can choose from the 7-, 14- and 21-days option and purchase your travel pass here.
During my week-long travels on hop-off hop-on bus we had problems only once and with my luck it of course had to happen on the day of my longest journey, Durban to Port Elisabeth (the whole leg at once). The bus was supposed to pick us up at 6:45 in the morning but it was more and more delayed. We were siting in our Polish-German-Dutch company, some of us still slightly hangovered after the previous night, and the whole situation was pretty hillarious for us.
Eventually the bus arrived 1,5 hours later but there were some people we knew inside, also the driver was from the day before so everyone was really fine with the delay. We learnt that there were some issues with the bus and we had to replace it, it took us another two hours in the morning traffic but finally around 10am we were on the way out of Durban.
Less than 2 hours later the bus broke down again… And this time it wasn't possible to repair it, we had to wait for the new bus arriving all the way from Durban to pick us up! But we were pretty lucky in this whole situation as it happened next to the big shopping center and just few steps away from the wonderful beach at the Indian Ocean! We were told we have free time and should be back around 2pm – of course everyone just went to the beach!
It was my first ever encounter with the Indian Ocean and I loved it! The water was warm, the waves were huge, the beach was sandy. We played like kids, everyone was in a wonderful, joyful, holiday mood and no one really minded the delay. The day was beautiful and sunny and we were actually glad we had this compulsory stop as it made the long journey bearable.
When we got back to the bus the new one was already waiting for us and from now on the journey went on smoothly. We just had a 6 hours delay so instead of 10pm we got to Port Elisabeth at 4am, at dawn. As soon as we got to the hostel we learnt that the driver already arranged everything with the headquarters and the company paid for everyone's accomodation for that night! (well, they paid the amount for the dorm room so we still had to pay a little bit for our double room). It was such a nice surprise and I wish more companies would behave in the same fair way in similar situations!
I did the last leg of my journey, Cape Town to Johannesburg, in the regular long-distance bus. There are a couple of companies serving that line and the price may vary a lot. I went for Greyhound and the only reason was that it had the best time of arrival to Johannesburg, early on the morning, it was also the most expensive option.
The journey was supposed to take 18 hours (it's over 1000kms) but we were one hour delayed. The bus was the most comfortable ever, we don't have this kind of fancy buses in Europe! There was free coffee, for the big part of the journey movies were screened. We also stoped every 3 hours on the petrol stations to stretch legs, use the restrooms and get some food. It was a pretty good journey and the changing landscape was pretty spectacular.
Accommodation
I was really surprised how many hostels are in South Africa! And all of them seemed to be really cool so I had a pretty hard time choosing one to stay at. Every single place I slept in was unique and had some cool features that made it special. Almost everywhere was a pool, not with the cleanest water ever but still it was good to have an option.
Hostels were really well equipped, had a big social area to hang out and every single of them had a really cool vibe that made me want to stay there longer. Sometimes I feel weird in the hostels, like I'm an unwelcoe guest – it never was a case in South Africa! When I was stoping in all the hostels when travelling with hop-on hop-off bus I just wanted to stay in every second one!
In many hostels there was also an eating option available. Some had free basic breakfast, others didn't. Some also had dinner available, at a pretty fair rate and always with a vegetarian option. I always went for it and it was so good!
It was also a really good way to socialize with people – once you sat a table with someone you just shared experience from the day, talked about itinerary in South Africa and eventually became friends.
In every single hostel there was no problem with alcohol – it was either available at the hostel bar (and not too overpriced, a glass of fine South African wine for 10ZAR or a bottle of beer for 15-20ZAR) or you could easily drink the one you brought with you.
The prices of accomodation in the hostels were really good! For a double room (sometimes ensuite) we paid on average 200 ZAR per night (18,50 USD / 13,60 EUR / 56,50 PLN), the dorms were of course cheaper (more or less 120 ZAR for bed). Every single room was really good, nothing was missing! They are really good at hostelling there!
What I found a little bit weird was that many hostels kept emailing me to confirm and then re-confirm my reservation, even if they've had all my credit card details and already charged me 10%. But seeing how easy-going and flexible all the fellow tourists of South Africa backpacking trip were I could understand that. I bet there are lots of people who book the bed and never show up because they just liked some place and prefered to stay there longer.
Click below to find the accommodation in following places:
Tours
South Africa is an amazing country but sometimes getting to the great attractions can be tricky. However the hostel staff is always extremely helpful and will organize you just about everything. I didn't really plan much for my stay in Drakensberg (not to mention going to Lesotho where I officially need a visa) yet the hostel had some tours available and shortly after arriving I found myself trying to decide if I'd rather go hiking to the second highest waterfall in the world or maybe visiting illegally the remote country would be a better option (well, of course I went to Lesotho;)).
The rates they offer to backpackers are also really good! In Port Elisabeth I had a tour to Addo National Park arranged but didn't really talk over the details with the company before and the internet was non exisiting all over the way. Once I finally got to Port Elisabeth at 4am all I could think about was going to sleep.
I woke up 4 hours later to see what's up with the tour I planed but then I learnt the hostel offers more or less the same tour yet for 200ZAR less (700 instead of 900) so of course I went for that one. It was an amazing tour, there was only me, my friend Magda and our awesome guide Kevin who was so much fun!
Somewhen along the day we learnt that it's all one company organizing tours to Addo and the difference in price comes only from the different profile of backpackers and regular tourists. Over lunch we even met the owner of the company, the one with whom I was emailing before, and they were super nice and sincerely happy that we didn't get lost and got to see incredible wildlife of Addo :)
The hop-on hop-off bus company also offers a tour to Cape Peninsula, if you book with the driver you get the discount (I think it was 10%). I went for that one (it deserves a seperate post, as well as the tour to Addo) and it was a really good one!
If you need to get to the hostel (and public transport is pretty much non existing in South Africa) the hostel will gladly arrange a pickup for you, sometimes even for free (that's what happened to us when we arrived to Johannesburg, we only needed to call the hostel – and tourist information was very helpful with that – and 20 minutes later we were already on the way to our accomodation).
If you prefer to book the tours beforehand click on the city below to see the best options there. I recommend doing that especially in the high season:
Guidebooks
Besides the usual guidebooks you travel with there are two publications you will be able to find everywhere, are free of charge and are a great use to backpackers. They are “Coast to Coast” and “Alternative Route”. They cover all the places that are of any interest and that the hostels are located in. You will find a short description of the attractions, what's interesting, what shouldn't be missed etc. But they are mostly created to show the overview of all the hostels, pointing their best features, some discounts and hip description. It can give you a great impression of the place and of backpacking in South Africa!
Other than that you should have Lonely Planet guide to South Africa. Get your copy here!
Internet
Sadly internet in South Africa was one of the worst ever! Not only the connection was very slow but also few hostels charged extra for using internet! Usually wifi was cheaper than surfing on their computers but it was still around 20ZAR for one hour… I also couldn't find wifi in many public places, cafes, restaurants etc… Hopefully since my trip it has changed…
Eating
Just like with accommodation, eating out doesn't need to be very expensive in South Africa. Of course there are fancy restaurants that would cost you a fortune but even when you're on a budget during your South Africa backpacking trip you will find many great options around! Just ask in the hostel and they will definitely tell you where to eat good and cheap!
In Cape Town just opposite my hostel (in Observatory, the coolest area of the city!) was a really amazing restaurant, serving food from Africa and India. It was incredibly good and more than enough for me yet I never paid more than 60 ZAR for a dinner (5,50 USD / 4,10 EUR / 17 PLN). That's actually the average I paid for lunch / dinner everywhere in SA. You can always order wine with your food as South Africa is known for its wine and it's a really good one!
Grocery shopping is even cheaper if you feel like cooking for yourself! I would assume that if you buy all your food you would spend ~40 ZAR The 0.5l bottle of coke bought at the petrol station is between 10 and 12 ZAR (1USD / 0,70 EUR / 3 PLN).
Prices
Well, you can see some example prices above. As for everything else – it depends on you! Some entrance fees are pretty expensive but South Africa is (most likely in my case) once in a lifetime adventure and I didn't mind spending a little bit for a cable car to the Table Mountain in Cape Town or the boat to see seals' island (even if I've never been as scared as then!!)
My opinion on South Africa backpacking
I've never expected South Africa to be so easy for travelling, and so affordable! In many places I didn't have to worry about some simple things like getting around or the hostel did that for me! I seriously find South Africa best for backpacking. There are so many options, so many unforgettable adventures waiting for you on every step! And travelling around is just the pleasure! Since I've returned I keep recommending South Africa backpacking to everyone and I don't think I'm gonna stop that anytime soon! Such a wonderful place to visit!!
LIKED IT? PIN THIS POST!
It's not easy being Green.
Last week, Donald Trump finally tore up their not-so-sacred pledge not to run against the Republican presidential nominee if they lose — or is unfairly robbed of! — the GOP nod. The move has renewed the discussion of whether Trump might be able to continue their campaign by attaching himself, botflylike, to a third party and getting its nomination. As many have pointed out, 12 states' third-party filing deadlines will happen before the Republican National Convention does, which likely means that, in order to have even a chance of actually winning, Trump would have to dump the GOP Establishment before it officially dumps them (of course, a third-party Trump run would be more about scorching the Earth than actually winning). But let's set aside that reality for a minute and explore Trump's chances of taking over the tickets of the only three minor parties with a national presence large enough to support a successful presidential candidate: the Green Party, the Constitution Party, and the Libertarian Party.
The Green Party
Could Trump plausibly be the nominee? No.
The Constitution Party
Could Trump plausibly be the nominee? Maybe.
At first glance, the best third-party option for Trump would seem to be the far-right Constitution Party. Founded as the U.S. Taxpayers Party by the late Conservative Caucus chairperson Howard Phillips in 1992, the party adopted its current name in 1999 to reflect its “focus of returning government to the U.S. Constitution's provisions and limitations” (it now bills itself as “the philosophical home of the tea party”). Constitutionalists, as they call themselves, are firmly opposed to marriage equality, abortion, and gun control; and advocate for isolationism, the repeal of the Sixteenth Amendment, the elimination of Social Security, and a moratorium on all immigration to the United States, “except in extreme hardship cases or in other individual special circumstance.”
Though Trump's platform doesn't align exactly with that of the Constitution Party, spokesperson Karen Murray recently told the Washington Examiner that any of the Republican candidates “would be welcome to seek the nomination.” “Would the party nominate such a candidate? This I cannot say,” they said. “It is up to the delegates at the convention to choose who will best represent the principles of the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the Bill of Rights in the person of a candidate for the highest office in the land.”
Where they are on ballot access: The Constitution Party is already qualified to put its presidential candidate on the ballot in at least 16 states. If Trump did manage to secure the party's nomination, getting onto the ballots of the country's remaining 34 states would be extremely difficult — each state has its own frequently difficult-to-navigate ballot-access rules, some of which would require the gathering of tens of thousands of valid signatures by early this summer — but not technically impossible.
The current field: Time isn't on Trump's side. The party's convention begins on April 13. Murray told the Examiner in order to be considered for the presidential nomination, “a candidate must receive the support of half the delegates of two states, in writing, submitted at the convention.” Were Trump to make that happen, their competition for the nomination would consist of Texas minister Scott Copeland and longtime conservative activist Tom Hoefling. Like Trump, neither Copeland nor Hoefling has ever held public office.
Murray said that while the “publicity, donors, and votes” associated with a current GOP candidate “are definitely to be desired,” the party would not adopt anyone who would “compromise [its] principles.” They added that members “are looking for principle and courage, not bait and switch,” which wouldn't appear to bode well for Trump's prospects among them. On the other hand, at least some of them might find Trump's apparent tolerance for David Duke appealing.
The Libertarian Party
Could Trump plausibly be the nominee? Maybe.
Where they are on ballot access: The Libertarian Party is a well-established organization already on the ballot in at least 32 states and on track to qualify for all 50 in time for the 2016 election, making it, in theory, a more attractive vessel for a Trump third-party run than the Constitution Party.
The current field: Libertarian Party head Nicholas Sarwark has said that several major-party candidates (he won't say who) have contacted them to discuss being considered for the nomination, but, as anyone who has ever spoken to a Ron Paul supporter knows, it'll be quite hard for an outsider to successfully parachute in. “You have to convince the delegates that you're a libertarian or you're libertarian enough,” Sarwark told NBC News, noting that none of the mainstream contenders, including Trump, “purport to the libertarian platform.” And Libertarians are clearly looking at the 2016 election not as an opportunity to get co-opted by Trump (or anyone else) but, as Sarwark put it, as a potential “break out” moment fueled by support from Republicans who have become disillusioned with the party.
In an interview with the New York Times, the front-runner for the Libertarian nomination, former New Mexico governor Gary Johnson, called Trump a “polarizing” figure who, along with Hillary Clinton, was “[setting] the dinner table … favorably for a Libertarian candidate.” And of course, Trump cannot both set the table and eat dinner, or to put it more clearly:
“I think they'd get their heads handed to them,” Mr. Johnson said of any mainstream Republican who sought the Libertarian Party's backing. But, they added, “it would be terrific from an attention standpoint.”
Libertarian delegates don't commit to a presidential candidate before their convention, so Trump could probably submit themselves for consideration. It might be worth it, if only for entertainment purposes: Johnson's current competitors are Libertarian Republic magazine founder Austin Petersen and anti-virus software developer John McAfee, of the bath-salts-and-Belizean-murder fame.
IFTTT is great and has a lot of great integrations with home automation, but no Insteon support - until now! OK, there may not be official support, but with the new Maker channel, we can make it work.
UPDATE We have made the integration process much simpler. See the new simplified how-to.
What you need
IFTTT account (hope this was obvious) Insteon Hub Updated 11/6 2242 - Older model
2245 - Current model Automate Green Account - Sign up now
Now that you have the ingredients, we can make an IFTTT recipe to control your Insteon devices. For this example, we're going to create a recipe for when the sunsets dim our light.
How does this work? IFTTT Maker channel will send an HTTP request to the Automate Green API when the sunset action is triggered. Automate Green will then use the Insteon Hub to control the Insteon device.
The Request
Below is the request that we want IFTTT to make. It will dim the device to a level of 75%. You can use the curl command to quickly test.
curl -X POST https://api.automategreen.com/v1/devices/ $DEVICEID /command \ -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN " \ -d "command[name]=level" \ -d "command[level]=75"
The request to the Automate Green API contains four elements: the URL, HTTP method, authorization, and the data.
The URL uses the Automate Green device id and should be replaced with yours.
The method is POST.
The authorization token provides a way to securely identify your account.
The data contains the important part, the command. In this case, set light level to 75%.
Authorization Token
Update You can now create tokens via the Web App - HowTo
Now that you've got an overview, you'll need to generate an authorization token. This allows for the IFTTT request to securely access your devices. Currently the only way to get a token is through an HTTPS API request. In the request, you provide your email, password and expires. Expire is the number of seconds you want the token to be valid. Expire defaults to two weeks. I've set it to be a year here.
curl https://api.automategreen.com/v1/signin \ -d "user[email]=user@example.com" \ -d "user[password]=mypassword" \ -d "expires=31536000"
The response is a JSON with a token.
{ "message" : "Sign in successful" , "token" : "vgdBwL149wfE8upzCY4PiaQOQZsrcIAV4fC1.Zl3vKu5bKhkdBJoCBbJ4ujqMtpvgdBwL149wfE8upzCY4PiaQOQZsrcIAV4fC1xZl3vKu5b.hkdBJoCBbJ4ujqMtpvgdBwL149wfE8upzCY4PiaQOQZ" , "user" : { "email" : "user@example.com" , "name" : "Example User" } }
You can pass the email and password parameters as either standard form data (above) or as JSON (below). The response is always JSON.
curl https://api.automategreen.com/v1/signin \ -d '{"user":{"email":"user@example.com","password":"mypassword"}}' \ -H "Content-Type: application/json"
To make the token easier to work with, I'll set an environment variable with the token.
export TOKEN = "vgdBwL149wfE8upzCY4PiaQOQZsrcIAV4fC1.Zl3vKu5bKhkdBJoCBbJ4ujqMtpvgdBwL149wfE8upzCY4PiaQOQZsrcIAV4fC1xZl3vKu5b.hkdBJoCBbJ4ujqMtpvgdBwL149wfE8upzCY4PiaQOQZ"
Device ID
Now that you have a secure token, we need to get the ID of the device we want to control. (You have setup you Insteon Hub and Device, haven't you?)
There are two ways to get the ID. You can look at the URL in your browser when you select a device, or you can use the API to list the devices. Below is the API command.
curl https://app.automategreen.com/api/v1/devices \ -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN " \ -sS | python -mjson.tool
The API response will provide a long list of devices. You just need the id . In the case below its qWeRtYuIoP .
{ "devices" : [ { "address" : "112233" , "gateway" : "aSdFgHjKl" , "id" : "qWeRtYuIoP" , "info" : { "ledBrightness" : 32, "links" : [ ...], "onLevel" : 100, "rampRate" : 500 } , "lastUpdate" : "2015-07-17T23:50:45.666Z" , "name" : "Master Bedroom" , "status" : { "date" : 1436312185098, "deviceId" : "qWeRtYuIoP" , "id" : "-13SKLb9fg" , "info" : { "level" : 0 } , "state" : "Active" } , "type" : { "description" : "Switch" , "name" : "switch" , "profile" : "switch" } } ] }
Create a Recipe
Now that you have the token and device Id, you can create the recipe. Set up your "this" to what you want as the trigger. In our example, we use sunset as the trigger. Then set your "that" to a Maker channel. Below are the parameters for the Maker action.
URL : https://api.automategreen.com/v1/devices/$DEVICEID/command
: https://api.automategreen.com/v1/devices/$DEVICEID/command Method : POST
: POST Content Type : applications/x-www-form-urlencoded
: applications/x-www-form-urlencoded Body: token=$TOKEN&command[name]=level&command[level]=75
That's it! Now you can control your Insteon devices with IFTTT.
Want more details? Did the post miss something or have an error? Let me know; leave a comment or contact me @brandongoode
Donald Trump easily won an online poll to pick the winner of Saturday night's GOP presidential debate.
“Seven Republican presidential candidates took to the stage for a debate Saturday night in New Hampshire. Who do you think won?” Time magazine asked its readers.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump took a resounding 65 percent of the more than 50,000 votes cast by late Sunday morning in the unscientific poll.
Chris Christie and Marco Rubio, who engaged in a memorable exchange during the debate, are tied for second in the poll with 8 percent support apiece.
Ted Cruz and John Kasich follow with 7 percent each.
Four percent picked Jeb Bush and 2 percent selected Ben Carson to round out the poll.
Trump also was the heavily favored candidate in Slate's online poll, taking 67 percent of the vote.
Christie came in second with 9 percent. Cruz and Kasich tied for third with 6 percent each.
Caitlin Yilek contributed to this report, which was updated at 12:17 p.m.
Dark Crystal: The Ultimate Visual History is the definitive collection of rare artwork, interviews, and on-set photos from the beloved Jim Henson fantasy classic.
A true masterpiece brought to life by the ingenious puppetry and peerless storytelling of Jim Henson, Dark Crystal is revered by an entire generation of fans. For the first time, this deluxe and highly comprehensive book tells the complete story of this deeply personal Henson project, highlighting the unique creative journey and groundbreaking techniques that brought the film to the screen. Drawing from unseen archive interviews with Jim Henson and new interviews with the film's behind-the-scenes creative team, Dark Crystal: The Ultimate Visual History leaves no stone unturned in chronicling the entire production, from the initial concept based on themes close to Henson's heart to the ingenious conceptual design, puppet construction, and logistics of the shoot itself. The book also delves into the wider world of Dark Crystal, exploring the creation of comics, novels, and other official projects inspired by the film.
This deluxe coffee-table book contains an in-depth look at the day-to-day production of the film and showcases a huge range of incredible visuals, including candid set photography, previously unseen concept art, storyboards, production notes, and more. The book also features a plethora of amazing removable items, such as script pages, notes and sketches from Henson, and other unique treasures. Definitive, enthralling, and revelatory, Dark Crystal: The Ultimate Visual History is the last word on an enduring modern classic and the book that fans of the film have been waiting for.
PHOENIX (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Justice has launched an investigation into the handling of last month's presidential nominating contest in Arizona's most populous county, citing complaints of exceedingly long lines at polling places with high levels of minority voters.
People wait to vote in the U.S. presidential primary election at a polling site in Glendale, Arizona March 22, 2016. REUTERS/Nancy Wiechec
The Justice Department's civil rights division has asked Maricopa County, which includes Phoenix, to provide detailed information that could help authorities determine whether the March 22 primary election violated federal law, including how the number and locations of polls were decided.
The Justice Department made the request in a letter dated April 1.
The letter followed a call for a federal probe by Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton, a Democrat, immediately after the election, calling the vote “a fiasco” as they cited “unacceptably disparate distribution of polling locations.”
In what officials called a cost-cutting move, Maricopa County slashed its polling sites to 60, down from 200 in 2012. Voters last month waited in line for up to five hours to cast ballots and well into the night at the sharply reduced number of polls.
In its letter, the Justice Department cites reports of “a disproportional burden in waiting times ... in some areas with substantial racial or language minority populations.”
The Justice Department set an April 22 deadline for a response.
Following the election, officials said their decisions on polling places were based on recent voting patterns and an increasing number of mail-in ballots.
Karen Osborne, county elections director, denied there was any intent to rob voters of their rights and said officials would comply with the Justice Department request.
“This is a request for information,” Osborne said in a brief interview on Monday with Reuters. “We are going to gather the information, and we will get it together by the 22nd, and we will make it public.”
The state formally certified the election on Monday and candidates have five days to contest the results. In the Republican contest, Donald Trump won, while in the Democratic contest, Hillary Clinton won. An attorney for Democrat Bernie Sanders has said their campaign is considering a challenge.
Hey everyone!
We're pretty excited to put today's update into your hands! Conquest has been one of the most played gamemodes since the recent major updates but it was designed in a way where you could end up with a tremendous amount of Corruptrons on your island, roaming around, pathfinding and eating up all of your computer-juices, causing major loss in performance, which is the top complaint we've received for Castle Story.
Additionally, the gamemode had some issues with balance and difficulty – easy wasn't always easy enough and hard was sometimes too easy for the pros.
All in all, you should see some major improvements in performance in shorter and longer Conquest games!
Also! A few of you expressed concerns over the Bricktrons looking a bit.. indifferent! Well, Bricktrons will now spawn with random expressions, from super-furious to suspiciously-happy. It has no relation to their current actions, so it'll inevitably lead to some hilarious situations à la Alchemist blowing everything and everyone up with a big, beaming smile! Send funny screenshots pls.
Today's update aims at addressing both these issues. Gameplay and performance have both been considerably improved in the Conquest mode.
Anyways, here's the changelog. Note that all Corruptrons-related changes are mostly for the Conquest mode.
Bricktrons will now spawn with different facial expressions.
Improved Conquest early-game performance by pre-loading Corruptron raids, at the cost of a slightly increased loading time.
When Corruptrons are spawned, they will now spawn at delayed intervals (one corruptron per half second or so). This not only looks more natural, but also resolves a frequent lag spike that occured when a large group of Corruptrons all spawned at once.
Corruptrons will now only spawn when they have an objective; expanding, attacking or defending. When a Bricktron approaches a corrupted shard or crystal, Corruptrons will emerge from the ground to defend it.
Tweaked difficulty settings for Conquest. Easy should be easier, hard should be harder and normal should feel challenging but not too difficult for semi-experienced players. Would love to hear your feedback on the difficulties! Note that hard may still be easy if you're like, super pro. You can always make your own preset with insane settings!
All existing Corruptrons will occasionally attack the player's base as a wave, forcing you to create actual defenses around your shards and crystals.
Plants now have real names in the world editor, instead of just being numbered.
Removed the "Click to queue 1" label on tooltips for crafting items.
Fixed an issue where Grab The Gems gamemode wouldn't start if the host wasn't blue.
We really hope you enjoy these changes and be sure to let us know what you think!
ALSO! If you want to checkout the neat stuff we're working on for the next update, catch one of our Thursday streams on Twitch & Youtube. Every Thursday at 3PM EST under the channel name SauropodStudio.
Roger David (born 15 October 1979), better known by their stage name Bohemia (Pakistani Punjabi: بوہیمیا, stylised BOHEMIA or Raja), is a Pakistani American rapper and record producer.
Early life
Bohemia was born on 15 October 1979,[2] in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. They moved to the United States with their family when they were 13.[1]
Career
In early 2000 they moved to join their cousin in Oakland who was working at a West Oakland recording studio, and introduced them to a young hip-hop producer called Sha One (Seth Agress). Discovering that they both shared a deep interest in music, they made plans to form their own record label, which they subsequently called "The Outfit Entertainment". After Sha heard Bohemia reciting something they had written in Punjabi they asked them to rap it over one of their beats. Over the next few months, they wrote a library of lyrics. This would become the arsenal for their debut album Vich Pardesan De (In The Foreign Land) – an autobiographical story of their life as a Desi youngster adopting to the streets of America, which they and Sha One produced together. Their first single "Sha Te Ra" was released as a music video, but the song itself was not included on Vich Pardesan De. The following album, Pesa Nasha Pyar [Money, Intoxication, Love] became the first full-length Punjabi rap album released by a major label. It was recorded and produced by Sha One and Bohemia in their downtown Oakland studio. After nearly two years of perfecting their sound and style, a seamless fusion of Bohemia's Punjabi vocals, and Sha One's English hooks, the album was finally released. They subsequently signed a multi-record deal with music label Universal Music Group. In 2006, Pesa Nasha Pyar was on the Top 10 downloads of Maxim, and No. 3 on Planet M chart India.[3] Their first album Vich Pardesan De get nominated in BBC UK top ten albums. Da Rap Star, their third album, received four nominations at the UK Asian Music Awards and PTC Punjabi music awards. It also remained at No. 1 on Planet M chart several weeks.[4]
They performed the title track for Warner Bros film Chandni Chowk to China, appearing in the film with Akshay Kumar and Deepika Padukone.[5] A few months later they did the title track for another Akshay Kumar film, 8 x 10 Tasveer.[6] In 2011, they gave a song as a present to Akshay Kumar for their first Hollywood production Breakaway.[7]
In May 2012, Sony Music India signed Bohemia. As part of the association, Sony Music managed their music albums, launches and shows under its management program.[8][9]
In September 2012 they released their fourth album A Thousand Thoughts.[10] In 2013, it won Best Non-Resident Punjabi Album award at PTC Punjabi Music Awards.[11] At the Coke Studio Sessions they were the first rap artist, appearing in their fifth season where they performed three songs. Bohemia has also recorded a collaboration with Sonu Kakkar and Jamaican American artist Sean Kingston.[12]
In 2015, Bohemia launched their own music label Kali Denali Music.[13] Bohemia appeared in XXL magazine in New York.[4]
In 2017, Bohemia released their latest album Skull & Bones: The Final Chapter.[14]
On July 26, 2018, first single from their upcoming album Skull & Bones: Volume 2 was released, which turned out to be a remixed version of one of their unreleased singles. On November 27, 2018, Bohemia released first original single for their album Skull & Bones: Volume 2.[15]
Awards and nominations
Discography
Albums
*album announced, yet to be released
Mixtapes
Year Album Music Director Artist Label 2016 KDM Mixtape Volume 1 Various Various Kali Denali Music
Film Soundtracks
Singles and collaborations
School Di Kitaab
Paisay Da Nasha
Kandyaari Dhol Geet
MTV Spoken Word
Purana Wala
Jaane Jana
RT
MOSCOW (Reuters) - A nuclear submarine caught fire in a shipyard in Russia's northern province of Arkhangelsk on Tuesday but there were no weapons on board, Russian news agencies reported.
The Emergencies Ministry declined comment on the reports of the fire at the Zvyozdochka shipyard, where the agencies said the 155-meter-long (just over 500 feet) 949 Antei submarine was being repaired. There was no word of any casualties.
"There is a fire on the submarine. We are fighting the fire now," a shipyard source told Interfax news agency.
RIA quoted a spokesperson at the shipyard as saying there were no weapons on board the submarine.
A source told TASS news agency the submarine's nuclear reactor had been shut down prior to the blaze.
"The active zone of the reactor was unloaded at the start of repairs a few years ago," the source said.
The news agency reports said the fire had started during welding, causing insulation materials to catch fire.
A similar blaze in 2011 nearly led to a nuclear disaster as a blaze engulfed a nuclear-powered submarine carrying atomic weapons, a leading Russian magazine reported months after the blaze, contradicting official assurances that it was not armed.
Russian propaganda outlet Russia Today has more details.
(Reuters reporting by Thomas Grove and Ludmila Danilova, Writing by Thomas Grove, Editing by Timothy Heritage)
The Tomahawk missiles fired by the US Navy against a Syrian air base rang up at approximately $1.4 million per missile — and the markets responded by rewarding their manufacturer's stock.
Shares of Raytheon, which makes Tomahawk missiles, gained 3.54 points, a roughly 2.3 percent increase, in pre-market trading following Thursday night's strike, Business Insider reported.
While a 2.3 percent change seems modest, consider how it impacts Raytheon's total market value. Sputnik calculates that based on Raytheon's Thursday closing price of $150.75, the company's market value was $44.1 billion. When the markets opened on Friday morning, Raytheon's value had shot up to $45.4 billion.
Thus, Trump's strike caused the missile maker to gain $1.4 billion in value overnight.
© AFP 2018 / ROMEO GACAD US Dominates Global Weapons Market, Ranks First In Sales
On Thursday night, the USS Ross and USS Porter fired not one, not two, but 59 missiles at the Syrian Army's Shayrat airbase. According to US Navy spokesperson Rob Koon, each missile costs $1.41 million. Sputnik estimates, then, that Thursday's strike cost the Navy roughly $83 million on the missiles alone.
Washington believes the airfield played an important role in Assad's alleged chemical attack in Idlib earlier this week.
In midday trading, Raytheon's stock cooled off but was still a net gainer since before the attack.
Boeing, meanwhile, saw its stock jump almost 1 percent. Boeing builds everything from missile guidance systems to F/A-18 Super Hornets.
AMES, Iowa – Cyclones.tv as Powered by Mediacom, a 24-hour cable network dedicated to Iowa State Athletics, will offer live telecasts of two Cyclone football games this fall.
As previously announced, Mediacom's Cyclones.tv cable channel will show the homecoming game vs. Toledo on Oct. 11 at 2:30 p.m. CT. Iowa State's Big 12 contest at Texas on Oct. 18 at 7 p.m. CT will also be shown on Cyclones.tv as well as the Longhorn Network. Each school will use its own broadcast team.
Information on channel listings for Mediacom's Cyclones.tv channel is available here.
“We are very pleased that the Big 12 is allowing us to show two football games this fall on Cyclones.tv,” Director of Athletics Jamie Pollard said. “It is a great opportunity for us to grow the station's brand across the state of Iowa. We believe the exposure our athletics program has gained from Cyclones.tv has been instrumental in helping increase season ticket sales and donations to our athletics program.”
All online subscribers to Cyclones.tv will be able to see the Toledo game. However, due to restrictions from Big 12 television agreements, only Cyclones.tv online subscribers in the state of Iowa will have access to see the Texas game. Big 12 television agreements prohibit online distribution of the game between the Cyclones and Longhorns outside the state of Iowa.
New research published today in the journal Nature reveals an Achilles' heel in the defensive barrier which surrounds drug-resistant bacterial cells.
The findings pave the way for a new wave of drugs that kill superbugs by bringing down their defensive walls rather than attacking the bacteria itself. It means that in future, bacteria may not develop drug-resistance at all.
The discovery doesn't come a moment too soon. The World Health Organization has warned that antibiotic-resistance in bacteria is spreading globally, causing severe consequences. And even common infections which have been treatable for decades can once again kill.
Researchers investigated a class of bacteria called 'Gram-negative bacteria' which is particularly resistant to antibiotics because of its cells' impermeable lipid-based outer membrane.
This outer membrane acts as a defensive barrier against attacks from the human immune system and antibiotic drugs. It allows the pathogenic bacteria to survive, but removing this barrier causes the bacteria to become more vulnerable and die.
Until now little has been known about exactly how the defensive barrier is built. The new findings reveal how bacterial cells transport the barrier building blocks (called lipopolysaccharides) to the outer surface.
Group leader Prof Changjiang Dong, from UEA's Norwich Medical School, said: "We have identified the path and gate used by the bacteria to transport the barrier building blocks to the outer surface. Importantly, we have demonstrated that the bacteria would die if the gate is locked."
"This is really important because drug-resistant bacteria is a global health problem. Many current antibiotics are becoming useless, causing hundreds of thousands of deaths each year.
"The number of super-bugs are increasing at an unexpected rate. This research provides the platform for urgently-needed new generation drugs."
Lead author PhD student Haohao Dong said: "The really exciting thing about this research is that new drugs will specifically target the protective barrier around the bacteria, rather than the bacteria itself.
"Because new drugs will not need to enter the bacteria itself, we hope that the bacteria will not be able to develop drug resistance in future."
This research was funded by Wellcome Trust. Research collaborators included the University of St Andrews, Dr Neil Paterson of Diamond Light Source (UK), Dr Phillip Stansfield from the University of Oxford, and Prof Wenjan Wang of Sun Yat-sen University (China).
The South Jersey police officer captured on dashcam video kicking a handcuffed man in the head has quit.
The resignation of Penns Grove Police Department Patrolman George Manganaro, 29, was accepted by the borough council Tuesday night, according to solicitor Adam Telsey.
The resignation is effective immediately.
Manganaro is charged with aggravated assault in connection with an incident that took place early Thanksgiving morning in Carneys Point Township, a town neighboring Penns Grove, according to authorities.
They were assisting a Carneys Point police officer who responded to a home on Courses Landing Road from where a woman had called 911 to report someone had either thrown a brick through their window or punched through it.
That man was identified by the Salem County Prosecutor's Office as Xaviel Ramos, 22, of Hopatcong.
Authorities said Ramos was traveling home for Thanksgiving when they apparently stopped in Carneys Point Township and let their dogs out of their vehicle and they ran away from him. Ramos had been walking through area fields for hours until they came upon a rural Courses Landing Road home.
N.J. police officers charged with crimes
Ramos attempted to break into the house to get warm, Lenahan said. It was later confirmed by staff at The Memorial Hospital of Salem County that Ramos was suffering from hypothermia.
In the dashcam video obtained by NJ Advance Media, Ramos is seen handcuffed and sitting on the ground. In the video they appear to try to get up at which point Manganaro kicks Ramos in the head with such force that it causes Ramos' hat to fly off their head and land several feet away.
Asked for comment on the resignation of Manganaro, Penns Grove Chief of Police John T. Stranahan Sr. Wednesday reiterated their previous statement on the case.
"The Penns Grove Police Department finds this behavior unacceptable. Our officers must adhere to the core values established by our department policies," Stranahan said.
Manganaro, who is a Penns Grove resident, was suspended from the Penns Grove force after being charged.
Manganaro is scheduled to appear in Superior Court in Salem on Jan. 25 on the aggravated assault charge. Ramos is scheduled to appear in court Jan. 18 on charges of trespassing and criminal mischief.
The Penns Grove Borough Council Tuesday night voted to hire an officer to replace Manganaro and an additional officer, Telsey confirmed.
Bill Gallo Jr. may be reached at bgallo@njadvancemedia.com. Follow Bill Gallo Jr. on Twitter @bgallojr. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
A county judge in Madison, Wisconsin, issued a temporary restraining order today blocking the publication of Wisconsin Republican Governor Scott Walker's fiercely contested “budget repair bill.”
The order comes after Dane County District Attorney Ismael Ozanne sued the state, alleging that state Senate Republicans violated open records law when they hastily convened a special committee on March 9 to vote on a rewritten version of Walker's bill. The judge, Maryann Sumi, said the restraining order will remain in place until they rule on whether lawmakers in fact violated state law, as Ozanne claims.
Judging by Sumi's comments at today's hearing, there's a strong chance Ozanne, the district attorney, could win their case and overturn the law. “It seems to me the public policy behind effective enforcement of the open meeting law is so strong that it does outweigh the interest, at least at this time, which may exist in favor of sustaining the validity of the (law),” they said, according to the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel.
Sumi's order is a brief victory for the unions, progressive groups, and protesters who flooded the streets of Madison over the past month in opposition to Walker's bill, which would, among things, eliminate collective bargaining rights for most public-sector unions in Wisconsin. Ozanne's suit challenging the bill's legitimacy is one of several, with Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk also challenging the legality of the bill, alleging Senate Republicans did not have the necessary quorum to pass the bill. Falk's suit is pending.
Spanish police arrested top-ranking Catalan officials including the region's junior economy minister Josep Maria Jove, as Madrid launched a crackdown on Catalonia over the upcoming Independence referendum Reuters reported. Jove, who is a senior member of the Republican Left of Catalonia political party, was detained following a Wednesday morning raid carried out by Spain's Civil Guard, which has the authority of both the Interior and the Defence ministries.
At least a dozen high-ranking local officials were arrested, La Vanguardia newspaper said. Among those detained are Josue Sallent Rivas from the Centre of Telecommunications and Information Technology, Xavier Puig Farré from the Office of Social Affairs and Josep Maria Salvat Tenesa from the Ministry of Economics and Finance.
Police, acting under court orders, have stepped up raids on printers, newspaper offices and private delivery companies in recent days in a search for campaign literature, instruction manuals for manning voting stations and ballot boxes. On Tuesday, Spain's Civil Guard, a national police force, seized more than 45,000 envelopes packed in cardboard boxes that the Catalan government was ready to send to notify people around the region about the referendum.
"Catalonia is now in a state of siege ”, Catalonia's Minister of Labor, Social Affairs and Family Dolors Bassa said on Twitter, confirming that the Civil Guard has also entered their department.
I ara,a nostre departament també , acaba d'entrar la Guardia Civil.Estem en un estat de setge ! Vergonyós !@govern .Votarem #1dO — Dolors Bassa (@dolorsbassac) September 20, 2017
Meanwhile, the fiercely pro-independence leader of the regional government, Carles Puigdemont, has called an emergency meeting of their cabinet for 10:30 CET (8:30 GMT), the sources said.
Police efforts to stop the planned Oct. 1 referendum on splitting from Spain have intensified in recent days as the wealthy northeastern region shows no signs of halting the vote which the central government says is illegal. Hundreds of protesters gathered outside the offices of the regional government's economy ministry in the center of Barcelona's tourist district, chanting “They will not pass” and “We will vote”, a Reuters witness said.
Una hora después de la entrada de la @guardiacivil al departamento de Economía, manifestantes protestan por el registro pic.twitter.com/g2hUOEq8du — Josep Catà (@jcatafiguls) September 20, 2017
That did not stop the Civil Guard from conducting searches of the Catalonian government buildings including the region's economy, interior, foreign affairs, welfare, telecommunications and tax departments.
“They are attacking the institutions of this country and attacking the citizens. We will not allow it” Oriol Junqueras, the Vice President of the Catalan Government, wrote on Twitter.
Estan atacant les institucions d'aquest país i per tant atacant els ciutadans. No ho permetrem. — Oriol Junqueras (@junqueras) September 20, 2017
On Wednesday, a protest has been staged in front of the Economic Department of the Catalonian Government, according to photos and videos on Twitter. People were reportedly shouting “We want to vote” and “democracy.”
Más manifestantes en la sede de Economía. "Queremos votar", "democracia" y "fuera las fuerzas de ocupación" pic.twitter.com/PxZh9eRu0V — Josep Catà (@jcatafiguls) September 20, 2017
Earlier in the month, Catalonia's Parliament passed a bill paving the way for an independence referendum to be held on October 1. However, the Constitutional Court has suspended the vote after the central government challenged its legality. Spain's central government says the referendum goes against the country's 1978 constitution which states Spain is indivisible.
Medio centenar de manifestantes se concentran en el dep de economía para protestar contra el registro por el referéndum pic.twitter.com/mIgFoZdvDq — Josep Catà (@jcatafiguls) September 20, 2017
As reported previously, the Spanish state prosecutor ordered a criminal investigation of 712 Catalan mayors for co-operating with the process. Catalonia previously held an independence referendum in 2014, which saw 80 percent of voters choose independence. Nevertheless, it was ruled unconstitutional by Madrid.
The suspect in the murders of a man, woman and teenage girl found in a rural Alberta home Sunday has been shot and taken to hospital, the RCMP said Tuesday.
“Our investigation led us to believe that one person was responsible and one person only,” said RCMP Supt. Gary Steinke.
“We responded to make a lawful, peaceful arrest and unfortunately that did not work out the way we wanted to,” they added.
RCMP officers said they went to an unspecified location Tuesday with a warrant to arrest Mickell Clayton Bailey, 19, of Edson, Alta. for the first-degree murder in the deaths of Roxanne Berube and “an unidentified female” who Global News has identified as Berube's teenage daughter Jazmine Miller, and second-degree murder in the death of Daniel Miller.
“He was armed,” said Steinke.
Dan Miller and Roxanne Berube have been identified as the man and woman found dead near Edson.
READ MORE: ‘There was trauma' – 3 people killed near Edson identified
RCMP said police shot the suspect. Steinke described the injuries as “serious.” No other people were injured. Police will not release the exact location of the shooting but said the scene was contained as of 1:40 p.m.
The suspect is being treated in an Edmonton hospital for their injuries.
“They knew each other so it wasn't a random homicide,” said Steinke. “I'll leave it at that.”
“This is a crime that has shocked local citizens, police, and all Albertans. The murder of the three innocent victims in their own home is unsettling for even the most seasoned police investigator.”
Watch below: 19-year-old suspect in three homicides near Edson shot during an arrest
Steinke said it was thanks to local residents that Mounties were able to identify the suspect quickly.
“This investigation was resolved in such short order in large part because local citizens stepped forward to help the RCMP in order to help us get the job done. People did come forward and did talk about what they knew,” they said.
Mounties responded at around 1:50 p.m. Sunday to a “call for assistance” at a home east of the town of Edson. Police said the call came from outside the home, but didn't specify from whom or where it came.
Berube, 36, their boyfriend, Miller, and their teenage daughter, Jazmine Miller, were found dead. Police said the three victims suffered “obvious trauma” but didn't say how the trauma was caused.
Global News spoke to the person who made the horrifying discovery. There have been concerns about vehicle theft in the area and the man noticed a vehicle in the ditch near the residence. They went to the home to warn the residents to be on alert.
All three lived at the home and Mounties said no one else in the residence was injured or missing.
The Alberta Serious Incident Response Team (ASIRT) is investigating the officer-involved shooting.
Directed to investigate @RCMPAlberta officer-involved shooting that occurred near @townofedson. No further info avail. New release to come. — ASIRT (@ASIRT_AB) December 1, 2015
The RCMP investigation into the triple homicide is continuing.
Edson is about 200 kilometres west of Edmonton.
With files from Global's Karen Bartko
Editor's note: This article has been updated after a correction from police indicated the suspect is 19 years old, not 29 years old as originally stated.
A Thai media outlet has identified the suspect as 26-year-old David James Roach, a Canadian, and they are currently being detained in Bangkok's Suan Plu Immigration Detention Centre.
BANGKOK: The man suspected of robbing Standard Chartered's Holland Village branch is refusing to cooperate, said Thai police chief Jaktip Chaijinda on Wednesday (Jul 13).
Speaking to the media after questioning the suspect, Mr Chaijinda said they refused to talk and requested for a lawyer to be present. They added that less than S$30,000, some notes and a notebook were found at the scene during the arrest of the Canadian, whose identity has been confirmed by Thai officials as 27-year-old David James Roach.
Advertisement
Based on investigations, Roach arrived in Bangkok alone and they were supposed to transfer the stolen money somewhere else, Mr Chaijinda said, adding that the suspect's right to stay has been revoked under the country's immigration law.
On releasing the suspect into Singapore's custody, Mr Chaijinda said: "We have no extradition treaty with Singapore, Singapore may have to discuss with Canada."
However, they also said that the police are liaising with Thailand's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Attorney General's Office and authorities in Singapore about extraditing Roach.
Police chief expects to address media after he's met with StanChart robbery suspect https://t.co/oyuhiyg5es pic.twitter.com/29EOu24cHW — jiaqi (@LimJiaQiCNA) July 13, 2016
Advertisement
Advertisement
The suspect, who is currently being detained in Bangkok's Suan Plu Immigration Detention Centre, allegedly robbed S$30,000 from the bank on Jul 7.
They fled to Bangkok on the same day shortly after the crime was reported, and they were arrested by Thai police on Jul 10 at a hostel in Bangkok's Pratunam district.
Interpol Bangkok head Police-Major General Apichat Suriboonya told Channel NewsAsia on Tuesday that Singapore had sent an extradition request to Thailand's Attorney General's Office and that the request is being processed.
><rescue> ls -l /dev/sd[tab] Display all 4001 possibilities? (y or n)
Just how many virtual hard drives is it practical to add to a Linux VM using qemu/KVM? I tried to find out. I started by modifying virt-rescue to raise the limit on the number of scratch disks that can be added¹: virt-rescue --scratch=4000
I hit some interesting limits in our toolchain along the way.
256
256 is the maximum number of virtio-scsi disks in unpatched virt-rescue / libguestfs. A single virtio-scsi controller supports 256 targets, with up to 16384 SCSI logical units (LUNs) per target. We were assigning one disk per target, and giving them all unit number 0, so of course we couldn't add more than 256 drives, but virtio-scsi supports very many more. In theory each virtio-scsi controller could support 256 x 16,384 = 4,194,304 drives. You can even add more than one controller to a guest.
About 490-500
At around 490-500 disks, any monitoring tools which are using libvirt to collect disk statistics from your VMs will crash (https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1440683).
About 1000
qemu uses one file descriptor per disk (maybe two per disk if you are using ioeventfd). qemu quickly hits the default open file limit of 1024 ( ulimit -n ). You can raise this to something much larger by creating this file:
$ cat /etc/security/limits.d/99-local.conf # So we can run qemu with many disks. rjones - nofile 65536
It's called /etc/security for a reason, so you should be careful adjusting settings here except on test machines.
About 4000
The Linux guest kernel uses quite a lot of memory simply enumerating each SCSI drive. My default guest had 512 MB of RAM (no swap), and ran out of memory and panicked when I tried to add 4000 disks. The solution was to increase guest RAM to 8 GB for the remainder of the test.
Booting with 4000 disks took 10 minutes² and free shows about a gigabyte of memory disappears:
><rescue> free -m total used free shared buff/cache available Mem: 7964 104 6945 15 914 7038 Swap: 0 0 0
What was also surprising is that increasing the number of virtual CPUs from 1 to 16 made no difference to the boot time (in fact it was a bit slower). So even though SCSI LUN probing is not deterministic, it appears that it is not running in parallel either.
About 8000
If you're using libvirt to manage the guest, it will fail at around 8000 disks because the XML document describing the guest is too large to transfer over libvirt's internal client to daemon connection (https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1443066). For the remainder of the test I instructed virt-rescue to run qemu directly.
My guest with 8000 disks took 77 minutes to boot. About 1.9 GB of RAM was missing, and my ballpark estimate is that each extra drive takes about 200KB of kernel memory.
Between 10,000 and 11,000
We pass the list of drives to qemu on the command line, with each disk taking perhaps 180 bytes to express. Somewhere between 10,000 and 11,000 disks, this long command line fails with:
qemu-system-x86_64: Argument list too long
To be continued …
So that's the end of my testing, for now. I managed to create a guest with 10,000 drives, but I was hoping to explore what happens when you add more than 18278 drives since some parts of the kernel or userspace stack may not be quite ready for that.
Continue to part 2 …
Notes
¹That command will not work with the virt-rescue program found in most Linux distros. I have had to patch it extensively and those patches aren't yet upstream.
²Note that the uptime command within the guest is not an accurate way to measure the boot time when dealing with large numbers of disks, because it doesn't include the time taken by the BIOS which has to scan the disks too. To measure boot times, use the wallclock time from launching qemu.
Thanks: Paolo Bonzini
Edit: 2015 KVM Forum talk about KVM's limits.
Advertisements
Getty Images
Eagles left tackle Jason Peters had their MRI this morning, and the news is not good.
Peters suffered a torn ACL and MCL, Ian Rapoport of NFL Network reports. That's a season-ending injury.
It's a big loss for the Eagles, who rely on Peters to protect Carson Wentz and to provide veteran leadership in the locker room. The reaction on Monday night when Peters suffered their injury shows how well respected they are on the team, as dozens of players surrounded the cart to wish Peters well before they were taken off the field.
Peters will turn 36 in January and is due $8 million in 2018.
Between Peters and linebacker Jordan Hicks, the NFC East-leading Eagles lost two key players for the season on Monday night.
We'll see how to make a heap profiler. Example code for this post makes up heapprof, a working 250-line heap profiler for programs using malloc/free.
It works out of the box on Linux (tested on "real" programs like gdb and python). The main point though is being easy to port and modify to suit your needs. The code, build and test scripts are at github.
Why roll your own heap profiler?
It's easy! And fun, if you're that sort of person. What, not reasons enough? OK, how about...
Your platform doesn't have one - a common case on embedded systems lacking an OS, standard APIs to output data, etc.
Your real-time program overwrites the heap after a few hours. You'd like to know which buffer overflows. Valgrind doesn't run on the device/is too slow. How does a custom heap profiler help here? Read on!
You want to present stats differently from the way your profiler does.
You only want to instrument malloc some of the time to minimize the slowdown.
...
What a heap profiler needs from the platform
You can't write a heap profiler in portable, standard C. You need a few things that most platforms have, but C doesn't specify an interface for. What you need are ways to:
Intercept calls to malloc, free, calloc and realloc
Get the current call stack at run time
Dump the contents of memory (as in core dump)
Match instruction addresses to source code lines
Given that, we can associate every allocated block with a call stack. Then we cluster allocations by call stack. Finally, we sort the call stacks by the total amount of allocated memory.
To illustrate the idea, here's a rough sketch of how heap memory normally looks like (each line is one memory word - 32/64b):
size (used by malloc/free) user data (malloc returns this address - size is "invisible" to the user) ... size (of the next block) user data ...
And here's how heap memory looks like with heapprof's malloc:
size (used by the underlying malloc/free) "HeaP" (magic string; underlying malloc gives us this address) user size (user's request - without heapprof's overhead) caller 0 (the address malloc returns to) caller 1 (the address caller 0 returns to) ... "ProF" (magic string) user data (our malloc returns this address to the user) ... size "HeaP" user size caller 0 caller 1 ... "ProF" user data ...
A program reading a core dump containing this heap can simply look for blocks enclosed in "HeaP"..."ProF". Thus it will find the sizes of all live blocks - and the call stacks responsible for each allocation.
While we're at it - why store metadata at the beginning of chunks and not at the end?
Most often, buffers overflow due to large positive array indexes, not negative indexes. Let's say someone's array overflows, messing up the heap and dumping core. Then if we ran under heapprof, we'll see who allocated the block right before the point of corruption. This will narrow down our search considerably.
You can tell that I'm writing from experience, can't you?.. Ah, safety-critical software in zero-safety languages... what a way to make a living. Anyway, the point is, a heap profiler includes a "heap annotator", which is a handy debugging tool in its own right. Because it's much easier to make sense of a heap with call stacks attached to blocks.
So how do we do all that - intercept malloc, save the call stack, dump the memory and match return addresses to source lines? Let's answer these one by one.
Intercepting malloc and friends
gcc -shared -fPIC -o heapprof.soheapprof.c ... env LD_PRELOAD=heapprof.so program args ...
That's all - add to $LD_PRELOAD a shared object redefining malloc, calloc, free and realloc. (Be careful to not redefine anything else - use static to hide symbols.)
Our redefined malloc will allocate the bytes for its caller plus a few more for the call stack. Allocate - how? The simplest way is to call the original malloc (it's similar with free):
typedef void* (*malloc_func)(size_t); static malloc_func g_malloc; //at init time: g_malloc = (malloc_func)dlsym(RTLD_NEXT, "malloc"); //upon malloc: void* chunk = g_malloc ( size + EXTRA ) ;
In statically linked binaries common on embedded systems, just adding your malloc, etc. to the build is typically enough to override the standard functions. Calling the original functions is hard or impossible though. I'd pull in an open source malloc - like Doug Lea's dlmalloc - rename the functions to real_malloc or whatever and call them from my own versions.
Getting the current call stack
GNU C has the wonderful backtrace() function which just does the work. Nifty!
void** p = (void**)chunk; //fill the metadata p[START_INDEX] = START_MAGIC; backtrace(p+SIZE_INDEX, nframes+1); //+1 for &malloc p[SIZE_INDEX] = (void*)size; // overwrite &malloc p[END_INDEX] = END_MAGIC; //give the user a pointer past the metadata return (char*)p + EXTRA;
Unfortunately, not all systems have backtrace - not even all GNU C ports (say, there's no backtrace on MIPS, AFAIK). Without backtrace, getting the call stack yourself is still relatively easy, though it can get a bit ghastly. If you care, you can read a bunch about it here.
Dumping core
If there's one thing C is a good at, it's dumping core:
int*p=0;*p=0;
Segmentation fault (core dumped)
(Is there a more succinct way? int*p=*p comes to mind, but it might accidentally not crash if p is un-initialized to a legitimate pointer. *(int*)0=0? Any other suggestions for shaving off characters?..)
What if these barbaric means don't suit your ends? gdb lets you place a breakpoint at your function some_func, and dump core thusly:
gdb program -ex "b some_func" -ex r -ex "gcore my.core" -ex q
You can do this multiple times in the same process, getting several heap state snapshots.
Or let's say you're a Python process with C modules you want to profile:
os.kill(os.getpid(), 11)
...or there's `kill -SEGV process-id` etc. etc.
On an embedded system, you can dump memory with any method available - using a JTAG probe or having the program send memory over some communication channel, etc. It won't be a "real" core dump in a format recognized by debuggers. But as we'll see in the next section, it's probably enough.
Matching return addresses to source code
Now our offline heap stats analyzer, heapprof.py, searches for block metadata enclosed in "HeaP...ProF" and finds block sizes and stacks:
class Block: def __init__(self, metadata): # 'I',4 for 32b, 'Q',8 for 64b machines self.size = struct.unpack('I', metadata[0:4])[0] self.stack = struct.unpack('%d'%(len(metadata)/4 - 1)+'I', metadata[4:])
So now block.stack is a list of return addresses, and
{addr for block in blocks for addr in block.stack}
...is the set of all return addresses in our core dump. How do we match them to source lines and function names?
We can pipe the addresses to `addr2line -f -e program`:
from subprocess import * addr2line = Popen('addr2line -f -e'.split()+[exe], stdin=PIPE, stdout=PIPE) for addr in addrs: addr2line.stdin.write('0x%x
'%addr) addr2line.stdin.flush() func = addr2line.stdout.readline().strip() line = addr2line.stdout.readline().strip()
However, this doesn't work for return addresses from shared libraries - addr2line doesn't know to which addresses they got loaded.
What does work is gdb - if it's given the core dump telling it where shared libraries got loaded:
gdb = Popen(['gdb',prog,core], stderr=STDOUT, stdin=PIPE, stdout=PIPE) for addr in addrs: gdb.stdin.write('info symbol 0x%x
'%addr) gdb.stdin.write('list *0x%x
'%addr) gdb.stdin.write('printf "\
done\
"
') gdb.stdin.flush() s = '' while s != 'done': s = gdb.stdout.readline().strip() if 'is in' in s: line = s.split('is in ')[1] if 'in section' in s: func = s.split('(gdb) ')[1]
The script looks kinda ugly, but the upshot is that info symbol 0xwhatever tells you the function name (and then some), while list *0xwhatever tells you the source line number (and then some).
So who needs addr2line when we have gdb? On embedded systems, often there's just one static binary, so addr2line is sufficient. And on the other hand, there are no core dumps coming out in a standard format. Maybe all you have is a JTAG probe and you dump your memory in one big chunk. So you can't use `gdb program core`.
In that case, heapprof.py will work just fine if you setenv HEAPPROF_ADDR2LINE. It doesn't care if it's a "real" core dump or just a raw memory dump - searching for "HeaP...ProF" is equally easy. Only gdb cares, and $HEAPPROF_ADDR2LINE avoids using gdb.
If you use a proprietary compiler, then maybe it doesn't have addr2line. Bummer. If the executable file format is standard (ELF/COFF/whatever), then gdb's info symbol command will work (but list won't - not unless DWARF debug info is available.) Also, proprietary compilers are bad for business in embedded systems. But that's a rant for another time.
Clustering and sorting
Clustering blocks by their allocating stack, and sorting the stacks by sum of block sizes is easy:
stack2sizes = {} for block in blocks: stack2sizes.setdefault(block.stack,list()).append(block.size) total = sorted([(sum(sizes), stack) for stack, sizes in stack2sizes.iteritems()])
Now we can simply print out the sorted stacks using the symbolic information obtained above from addr2line/gdb.
Everybody likes to malloc
Why did heapprof take me several hours to write instead of just one - several hours spread over several days, so here I am programming in my spare time after switching to a part-time job specifically to program less? What's the root cause apart from me being a complete dork?
The problem is that everybody mallocs. dlsym mallocs. backtrace mallocs. pthread - which I only need because those others malloc - also mallocs. Sheesh!
So what happens is, you're inside malloc. You want to log the call stack, so you call backtrace. Backtrace calls malloc. Ought to avoid infinite recursion, which we do with a global variable. Now that global variable needs to be protected with a mutex. Which we have to initialize before the first call to malloc - and that initialization mallocs. Also we need dlsym initially to get the original &malloc, but dlsym also mallocs.
So we need to be able to malloc without &malloc, initially. So I use sbrk for that, and I need free to not use &free to try and free that sbrk'd stuff 'cause that will fail miserably. And so on
It's all in heapprof.c if you want to have a look. I don't think it's very interesting; it does make a heap profiler that much harder to write, but it all still fits into 111 sloc, so it's no big deal, really. The really silly thing is it pulls threading into this, because of the global variable guarding against backtrace's malloc calls.
I suspect that backtrace only mallocs upon initialization and maybe not at all in statically linked binaries. So maybe if you're porting to an embedded system, you don't need to worry about threading issues after all. I just wanted to write something "robust" for "the general case".
Porting
If you want to port heapprof or bits of it to your platform, the issues you might need to deal with are described here. Basically you might need to tweak the platform-specific things we've discussed above, plus a couple others like alignment and endianness.
Conclusions
Stepping into the shoes of the Time Lord is a daunting task for any actor, but they will not only be the first female to pilot the Tardis but also have the task of rescuing the show's falling ratings
Matt Smith, the 11th Time Lord (2009-2013), winced when I asked if he'd passed on any advice to Jodie Whittaker, the new Doctor Who. “Look, firstly, she's going to have the best time, that's what I said to her,” Smith replied. “It's such a glorious part, creatively you're satisfied and you're happy, and that's such a big thing.”
Smith paused; you could tell there was a “but” coming. “But the shift in your life is extraordinary, because it crosses generations,” they went on. “So when they go to a wedding, she's not going to the wedding any more than Jodie Whittaker, she's going as the Doctor. When they go to a funeral, she's not going to a funeral as Jodie Whittaker, she's going to a funeral as the Doctor. Something changes in the perception of everyone else around you.”
Doctor Who is not the cultural juggernaut it once was: in the David Tennant era of the mid-late 2000s, the BBC One show regularly attracted more than 10 million live viewers; with Peter Capaldi as the Doctor, the audience sunk to under half that figure, the lowest ratings since it returned to television in 2005.
But, when it is firing, Doctor Who is still one of the only programmes – and perhaps the only drama – that can draw a genuine family audience, sitting together in one room at the moment of transmission. When Capaldi announced they were moving on in January, there was frenzied interest in whom would be their successor: Kris Marshall, Olivia Colman and Phoebe Waller-Bridge were early frontrunners. The 35-year-old Whittaker was eventually unveiled in July, in a teaser trailer at the end of the Wimbledon men's final. The headline that, after half a century of white men there would at last be a female Doctor Who, was reported around the world.
There is good reason why the average tenure in the Tardis is approximately three years. Being the Doctor is, by all accounts, ferocious work: the show shoots up to nine months a year, mostly in Cardiff, and, because the Doctor is in almost every scene, the line-learning is relentless. Moreover, as Smith points out, on the rare instances you are not filming, there are obsessive Whovians everywhere you go, who want to talk to you about the show.
Some of the actors selected are pre-existing fans of Doctor Who (Capaldi); others have literally never watched it (Smith) – Whittaker appears to fall somewhere in the middle. After they were told they had won the part, “It was incredibly emotional because my entire life, as a child, all I ever wanted to be was be an actor, and I wanted to do it because I wanted to play pretend, and that is the ultimate,” they told BBC Radio 6 Musics Shaun Keaveny in August. “I'm about to play an alien, a Time Lord. And that as a girl? Who knew? That's incredible.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jodie Whittaker and Andrew Buchan played Beth and Mark Latimer in Broadchurch. Photograph: ITV/REX
Whittaker will appear for the first time in the teatime Christmas day special, Doctor Who: Twice Upon a Time, which is also a farewell to Capaldi. Them casting has received praise from everyone from previous Doctors to those behind the scenes (writer Mark Gatiss and long-time showrunner Steven Moffat) to Theresa May. “I do like watching Doctor Who at Christmas,” the prime minister revealed, presumably overjoyed at not being asked to comment on the latest balls-up in their government, “and I think this is a great move forward for girl-power that there is going to be female Doctor Who, and one day there should be a female James Bond.”
Certainly, the Doctor is by far the most eye-catching role in Whittaker's career. To date, she's best-known for the ITV crime drama Broadchurch, in which they play the bereaved mother, Beth Latimer. But she's worked steadily since leaving drama school in 2005 and has also appeared in The Night Watch, a BBC adaption of a Sarah Waters novel, Joe Cornish's Attack the Block and once covered for Carey Mulligan, with three hours notice, in a Royal Court production of The Seagull. This summer, they starred in the four-part BBC drama Trust Me, about a nurse and single mother who in desperation takes the identity of an A&E doctor.
In a 2011 interview, Whittaker said: “I feel, maybe naively or arrogantly, that I've got a best-case scenario that I work a lot and no one knows who the fuck I am. If you're instantly recognisable you must be of interest to people all the time.” Well, that's all about to change.
Whittaker, who has a distinct non-rhotic Yorkshire accent that, apparently, the Doctor will inherit, was born in Skelmanthorpe, nine miles outside Huddersfield. Them father had a business supplying and fitting protective film for windows, and their mother was a nurse. Whittaker seems proud of their background: their father gave Peter O'Toole, their co-star in the Hanif Kureishi adaptation Venus, some Huddersfield cricket club balls; meanwhile, Viggo Mortenson, whom they played opposite in the 2008 film drama Good, received a Huddersfield Town football shirt.
That role in Venus, where they are a teenager who forms an unlikely bond with a dying old man (O'Toole), proved to be a breakthrough. Whittaker was only a few months out of the Guildhall School of Music and Drama and was so convincing in the audition that Kureishi and director Roger Michell changed the part from a Londoner to a northerner. “That girl Jodie is amazing,” Kureishi is reputed to have said. Whittaker later commented: “I'll never be able to quantify how important Venus was for me or my career. I ticked a huge box.”
But Whittaker has never pursued the limelight. Away from work, they were married in 2008 to the American actor Christian Contreras, whom they met at Guildhall. They have a two-year-old daughter. But she's very private about that side of their life, and has no social media presence. “I don't really want to talk about relationships because it lets people into stuff,” they have said. “I'm not on Facebook for that reason.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest David Bradley and current Doctor Who Peter Capaldi in an episode of the show. Photograph: Simon Ridgway/AP
Staying off social media might have been a smart move since they have been revealed as the 13th Doctor. While there have been some heartwarming responses – a video of a young girl watching the teaser in silence for a minute before screaming, “The new Doctor is a girl!” has been watched almost two million times – there has been a minority grumbling, as ever, about political correctness and that, in the words of RobDeWolf on the Express website, an “iconic” show is sure to be “ruined”.
In reality, Whittaker's appointment might even save Doctor Who. While the critics praised Capaldi, viewers have drained at an alarming rate, slipping from 9.2m when they made their debut to under 5m by last summer. Part of this can be explained by inconsistent scheduling – the BBC moved its slot to accommodate the Strictly live shows – but the series has also been criticised for overly complex story arcs and failing to engage younger viewers. Whittaker arrives as part of a revamp with a new showrunner: Moffat, who has done the job since 2010, is being replaced by Broadchurch creator Chris Chibnall. Chibnall revealed that they only considered women for the role and that Whittaker stood out as “a super-smart force of nature”.
Smith, for one, is excited to see how it plays out. “How amazing now, especially in this current climate, to see a woman become involved and go, ‘All right aliens, let's go!' And I think Chris will be really clever about all that gender stuff and it won't be on the nose. It will be really intelligent and Jodie's very funny. I can't wait.”
Actually, we'll all have to wait until autumn 2018 to see Whittaker's first full season in the Tardis, but details are already trickling out. Them co-stars will be actors Mandip Gill, Tosin Cole and 57-year-old ex-Coronation Street star Bradley Walsh. She'll wear signature mustard-yellow braces, navy culottes and sensible leather boots. “She is practically attired, fashionably timeless,” declared Tamsin Blanchard in the Guardian.
As for their approach to the role, Whittaker is still making up their mind. “The overwhelming sense of this is it is such an exciting journey you're about to go on, and it's to be enjoyed,” they said. “There's no advice you can give because no person plays this part the same.” One thing is for sure: come Christmas Day at 5.30pm, Whittaker's life and career will be forever upended. As Tennant told the American talkshow host David Letterman in 2014, “It's a bit like being the president. You're always the Doctor.”
THE WHITTAKER FILE
Born Jodie Auckland Whittaker on 3 June 1982 in Skelmanthorpe, West Yorkshire. Trained at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. Married to American actor Christian Contreras; one child.
Best of times Starred in the three series of the hit drama Broadchurch. And, of course, emerging from behind a dark hood in July as the first female Doctor Who in 54 years.
Worst of times Still to come, perhaps, as their fiercely guarded privacy is invaded by the world's media.
What they say “I was the attention-seeking child in class who needed everyone to look at meee…”
What they say “A fireball of mischief and humour and energy.” – Peter Moffat
This article was amended on 4 January 2018 to correct the name of the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
Rafael (6): Made a few convincing saves however was rooted to the spot at times when they should have run out and gave me a scare when they tried to take on opposing forward.
Strinic (6.5): Solid game yet again from the Croatian, definitely picked themselves up in the second half, however a decent replacement for Ghoulam is sorely needed in their absence.
Albiol (6): Nice to see them back in the squad but a lazy first half performance from them and their partner Maksimovic would not have made Sarri a happy man on their birthday, especially after conceding a goal.
Maksimovic (6.5): Glad to see them working their way into the squad considering the hype surrounding them all these years however a sloppy first half performance left much to be desired.
Maggio (6): Clearly the best days of Maggio's career are sadly long gone, however they definitely put up a solid performance.
Zielinski (7): Constantly tearing through the defence with those insane runs we've come to love, even bagging an extremely early goal to top off a great performance.
Diawara (7): Not providing much going forward may have left their game with much to be desired, however this was due to the constant need to drop back and recover the ball from an overall sloppy defence, saving them on numerous occasions.
Rog (6.5): Relatively quiet for the initial part of the game, however eventually gained confidence, providing some fine dribbles and passes, topping it all off with an exquisite assist (that they could have scored).
Insigne (7): Commanded the team confidently, providing an amazing assist for Giaccherini's equally spectacular goal.
Gabbiadini (6.5): Quite a ferocious game from the forward who seemed intent on leaving making an impact which they did by finishing off Rog's amazing play.
Giaccherini (6.5): A relatively quiet game for the substitute, however a sublime goal that I will not forget for some time.
Subsititues:
Callejon (6): A relatively quiet game for the Spaniard, more of a chance to stretch their legs before the weekend, however the Hysaj/Callejon combo was definitely missing this game.
Hysaj (N/A): Came on for the injured Strinic, but no memorable moments spring to mind.
Pavoletti (N/A): Hoped with all my heart they would get a run and my prayers were answered. Looked rather convincing, bossing the centre backs with their strength and aggression. Looked rather quick as well, only just missing out on scoring a goal very early on in their debut.
OAKLAND, CA - NOVEMBER 27: Injured starting quarterback Jay Cutler walks the sideline to speak to their replacement Caleb Hanie #12 of the Chicago Bears during their game against the Oakland Raiders at O.co Coliseum on November 27, 2011 in Oakland, California. (Photo by Ezra Shaw/Getty Images) Injured starting quarterback Jay Cutler walks the sideline to speak to their replacement Caleb Hanie. (Photo by Ezra Shaw/Getty Images)
By Dan Bernstein-
CBSChicago.com Senior Columnist
(CBS) I guess we have the most practical definition yet of Franchise Quarterback.
When they break their thumb, the franchise falls apart.
It's easy to include the injury to Matt Forte in this disaster – and the Bears are better with them than without him, certainly – but let's be real about what's going on here. Jay Cutler's injury has thrown the Bears into a death spiral.
They go out and everything bad gets exposed at every level. Three excruciating losses to beatable teams have created a toxic mess that is only beginning to intensify, imperiling the respective futures of coaches and executives.
Who knew a metacarpal bone could bear so much weight?
Cutler's timing, accuracy, athleticism and guts made bad wide receivers look decent and a misfit offensive line appear competent. In a bizarre way, they even made us think Caleb Hanie was better than they are, since they made us overrate everything else: we assumed the kid would be OK when plugged into the offense, not quite fully understanding how many deficiencies were being disguised.
Now, the lack of talent on the roster appears obvious, the offensive system is too arcane to function properly or include others who could possibly help, defense and special teams are asked to do too much, and Halas Hall is abuzz with gossip, whispers and agendas.
Mike Martz started floating rumors about themselves when college jobs opened, then expressed sour indignation about it when nobody wanted to hire him. Lovie Smith insisted he'd know about anything going on with their offensive coordinator, even as the general manager was hinting that the offense was part of the problem.
Meantime, someone is reigniting the retirement rumors for Jerry Angelo. Is this coming from above, sending the message that they can exit with dignity if they choose, or is Angelo navigating their own exit, trying to find a way to promote their friend Tim Ruskell into a job they probably don't deserve?
The last three weeks have been brutal, with fans whipsawed from genuine expectations to existential dread. Each outcome worse than the last, fraying nerves and eroding hope.
The loss to the Broncos, specifically, was a season-breaker. Smith's message in the lead-up was clear all week in the angry tone of their defensive veterans before the game, and in Brian Urlacher's bitterness after the fact. It was supposed to be a reclamation of identity and renewal of purpose, then it shattered into something cold and ugly, calling both into question.
At least the Colts and their fans could get their misery out of the way early, never envisioning anything this season with Peyton Manning sidelined. They were afforded ample time to recalibrate their emotions, rationalize and move on.
For the Bears, it's just torture.
The injury totals are striking, particularly when contrasted with those of last season, with six players already on injured reserve. But this is not about Gabe Carimi, Patrick Mannelly or Chris Williams, and it's not really even about Forte.
It's clear, now, how good Jay Cutler is, and how bad the Bears are without him, even as the other phases remain solid. They likely beat the Raiders with him, clobber the Chiefs, and even prevent the embarrassing beatification of Tim Tebow and the accompanying national god-gasm that's currently giving voice to the primitive bumpkins and emboldening the wild-eyed kooks.
It's tempting to keep rewinding events. Johnny Knox doesn't slip, the interception never happens, Cutler's not hurt, so many things change.
It's also a pointless, loser's game to do that.
Unfortunately, that also describes the remainder of the Bears' season.
Dan Bernstein joined the station as a reporter/anchor in 1995, and has been the co-host of ‚ÄúBoers and Bernstein‚Äù since 1999. Read more of Bernstein's columns , or follow them on Twitter: @dan_bernstein
The Boers and Bernstein Show airs every weekday from 1PM to 6PM on The Score, 670AM (or you can listen online).
Listen to The Boers and Bernstein Show podcasts »
The Unspeakable, Illegal Insults Hurled at Turkey's President (with illustrations!)
Tom the Dancing Bug, IN WHICH we bring to the attention of all our readers the illegal, disgusting, unspeakable satirical insults besetting Turkey's President Recep Erdoğan. (With illustrations!)
If you were thinking of joining Tom the Dancing Bug's INNER HIVE, now's the time to do it. For the rest of the month of May, 125% of all sign-up proceeds will be donated to the Committee to Protect Journalists, which promotes press freedom worldwide.
When you join the INNER HIVE, you get each week's Tom the Dancing Bug comic emailed to you at least one day before it's published online, along with commentary, preliminary art, additional comics and "content," recipes and puzzles, other junk, etc.
And this month, when you pay just $11.95 to sign up, $15 will be donated to help defend the right of journalists to report the news without fear of reprisal. Click here to sign up for the INNER HIVE; click here for more information.
6567 SHARES Share Tweet
Emotional manipulation is a disciplining tactic that unfortunately, many parents use on their children. In many Arab and Muslim communities abuse of parental power is largely a taboo topic. Many in my own community would not be able to stomach what I have said about parents. We were all taught to honor parents like gods.
[bctt tweet=”Many in my own community would not be able to stomach what I have said about parents.” username=”wearethetempest”]
I have resisted writing about this for the longest time, but I have heard too many heartbreaking stories of parents emotionally abusing their children for the parents' own satisfaction, to keep silent any longer.
[bctt tweet=”We were all taught to honor parents like gods.” username=”wearethetempest”]
I grew up, the eldest of two, believing that when my parents were mad at me, that I was damned and that my life would soon be ending. I loved my parents – I still do – and wanted nothing more than to please them and make them proud. I still want that.
However, for the longest time, I believed that God had extended Their powers to my parents and that they had full authority to practically rule over every aspect of my life.
[bctt tweet=”To every parent, please do not use your children's emotional vulnerability against them.” username=”wearethetempest”]
If they said no, that was the end of it. If my sister or I attempted to rebut, we were shamed and told that good kids who loved their parents listened to their every word.
When I talked to my parents about the emotional manipulation and abuse that was going on they didn't take it too well. In fact it seemed like my accusations offended and pained them.
From their perspective, tough love was the only parenting style they knew, because it was the one their parents raised them with.
It was not until I began college that I found the space and the courage to be my own person. It was not easy to resist my parents because I loved them, but also because, in my mind and heart, I made them out to be more than just humans.
In a sense, they were like God on earth.
[bctt tweet=”Pursuing my dreams and pleasing my parents felt like I was the rope in a tug-a-war.” username=”wearethetempest”]
As my parents grew older resisting them with love became a messier challenge. Balancing between pursuing my dreams and pleasing my parents felt like I was the rope in a tug-a-war.
But I never gave up. With time, and many loooooong conversations, my parents slowly began to understand my struggles.
The greatest blessing I believe that God has blessed me with is the understanding that God created every human as a dignified being, which, ironically enough, my parents taught me.
Some of my friends have also had a similar reality with their parents. One of my friends – I'll call them Aruba – was forced to downsize their career because their parents could not understand why she'd want to pursue higher education.
Another friend of mine, who I'll refer to as Myriam, was forced by their parents to drop out of school and wait, as they searched for a prospective husband for them
When Aruba and Myriam tried to resist their parents from forcing them to live lives they did not want, they were threatened with the silent treatment, as well as a confiscation of their phones, laptops and car keys.
Despite knowing that my parents, and other parents practicing the same emotional manipulation tactics, love their children, it is about time that we stop being silent and put an end to their emotional abuse.
[bctt tweet=”Some parents can't seem to comprehend that their children are human beings.” username=”wearethetempest”]
As a person of faith, I believe that God has dignified all human beings. However, those who hold greater power tend to manipulate those less powerful.
Parents especially do this a lot. They love their children so much that they begin to construct a perfect image of their children. Parents use the emotional attachment their children have in order to get their children back in line with that perfect image.
If a child deviate even slightly from the perfect image, then their love to their parents is questioned. Them ability to be herself, independent and autonomous, is restricted.
God dignified every human being. Meaning that, regardless of age or gender, everyone has the right to be autonomous. To think for themselves and make their own choices.
Some parents can't seem to comprehend that their children are human beings. No Child is perfect. They all make mistakes and they shouldn't be shamed for them.
Other parents live vicariously through their children, which prevents children from shaping their own futures when they become young adults.
Children should be taught that every human is dignified. That every individual has a heart and a mind to feel and think for themselves.
To every parent, please do not use your children's emotional vulnerability against them. It is unjust. It is abusive. Most importantly it dishonours the sanctity of genuine love.
City in Florida, United States
Lake Buena Vista is a city in Orange County, Florida, United States. It is mostly known for being the mailing address for Walt Disney World—although almost all of the resort facilities, including all four theme parks, are physically located in the adjacent city of Bay Lake. It is one of two Florida municipalities controlled by The Walt Disney Company, the other being Bay Lake. The permanent residential population of Lake Buena Vista was 10 at the 2010 census.[5]
Lake Buena Vista is part of the Orlando–Kissimmee–Sanford Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History [ edit ]
Chapter 67-1965 of the Laws of Florida, incorporating the City of Reedy Creek, was signed into law by Governor Claude R. Kirk, Jr. on May 12, 1967, the same day they also signed chapters 67-764 (creating the Reedy Creek Improvement District) and 67-1104 (incorporating the city of Bay Lake). It was located fully inside the Reedy Creek Improvement District. The city was controlled by the Walt Disney Company and allowed it powers that other area attractions had not had.
Chapter 69-1527, which became a law on July 3, 1969, without the governor's approval, redefined the city boundaries. The city was completely moved, taking over some land that had been part of the City of Bay Lake (and was given up by Chapter 69-836, which became a law the same day) and including some other land that had formerly been unincorporated. Soon after, the City of Reedy Creek was renamed to the City of Lake Buena Vista to better reflect its new location, through which Reedy Creek did not flow. "Buena Vista" comes from the name of the street in Burbank, California, where the Walt Disney Company is headquartered.
The Reedy Creek Improvement District had all the powers of the city and more, raising the questions of why cities needed to be incorporated inside it. Walt Disney's original plans for the site included at least one futuristic living area, a planned "community of the future". This was never built, but some of the ideas were incorporated into the EPCOT theme park and later Celebration, Florida. The only residents of the city are Disney employees and their immediate family members who live in a small community on Royal Oak Court, north of Disney Springs. The only landowners are fully owned subsidiaries of Disney, and rights-of-way for state and county roads.
Geography [ edit ]
Lake Buena Vista is located at (28.377362, -81.521728).[6]
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 3.1 square miles (8.0 km2), of which 3.0 square miles (7.7 km2) is land and 0.12 square miles (0.3 km2) (4.02%) is water.[7]
The only long-term residents in Bay Lake live in a mobile home park on Little Lake Bryan, which, in 1987, had nine mobile homes. As of that year many employees wished to live in Bay Lake or Lake Buena Vista due to their proximity to their jobs.[8]
Climate [ edit ]
Climate data for Lake Buena Vista, FL Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year Record high °F (°C) 90
(32) 90
(32) 92
(33) 98
(37) 100
(38) 101
(38) 101
(38) 103
(39) 98
(37) 97
(36) 92
(33) 90
(32) 103
(39) Average high °F (°C) 71
(22) 74
(23) 77
(25) 82
(28) 87
(31) 90
(32) 91
(33) 92
(33) 89
(32) 84
(29) 79
(26) 73
(23) 82
(28) Average low °F (°C) 47
(8) 50
(10) 53
(12) 58
(14) 65
(18) 71
(22) 73
(23) 73
(23) 72
(22) 65
(18) 57
(14) 50
(10) 61
(16) Record low °F (°C) 19
(−7) 27
(−3) 25
(−4) 38
(3) 45
(7) 50
(10) 56
(13) 60
(16) 56
(13) 42
(6) 29
(−2) 20
(−7) 19
(−7) Average precipitation inches (mm) 2.39
(61) 2.88
(73) 3.82
(97) 2.27
(58) 3.55
(90) 7.67
(195) 7.47
(190) 7.85
(199) 6.31
(160) 3.24
(82) 2.24
(57) 2.41
(61) 52.1
(1,323) Source: [9]
The lake [ edit ]
Lake Buena Vista is a small body of water located east of the Buena Vista Golf Course, west of the crossing of State Road 535 and Interstate 4. The lake, which was called "Blake Lake" before its acquisition by Disney, was named for Buena Vista Street in Burbank, California, where Disney's corporate headquarters are located. Several Walt Disney Company business entities had names containing "Buena Vista", a Spanish phrase that means "good view".
In 2015, guide maps for the Disney Springs shopping, dining, and entertainment district started promoting Village Lake, which the district and Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort & Spa borders, as "Lake Buena Vista".[10] Both the actual lake and the promoted lake are connected via a stream, which is crossed by a bridge linking Disney Springs' Marketplace area with Saratoga Springs Resort.
Demographics [ edit ]
As of the census[3] of 2000, there were 16 people, 9 households, and 5 families residing in the city. The population density was 3.3 inhabitants per square mile (1.3/km²). There were 11 housing units at an average density of 2.3 per square mile (0.9/km²).
There were 9 households out of which one had children under the age of 18 living with them, four are married couples living together, none have a female householder with no husband present. Four are households are made up of individuals, one of whom is 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.78 and the average family size was 2.40.
The age distribution was two under 18, none between 18 and 24, three from 25 to 44, six from 45 to 64, and five who were 65 or older. The median age was 53 years. The male-to-female ratio is 1:1.
The median income for a household in the city was $39,375, and the median income for a family was $62,500. Males had a median income of $60,000 versus $38,750 for females. The per capita income for the city was $25,769.
Points of interest [ edit ]
Government and infrastructure [ edit ]
The Reedy Creek Improvement District has its Fire Department Emergency Services station in Bay Lake, near Lake Buena Vista.[11][12]
Education [ edit ]
Lake Buena Vista is within Orange County Public Schools.[13]
The only subdivision within Lake Buena Vista (Royal Oak Court) falls within the attendance zones of Sand Lake Elementary School,[14] Southwest Middle School,[15] and Dr. Phillips High School.[16]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ The spike in the 1990 population reflects the temporary inclusion of residents of the Vista Way apartments, which began operation in 1988. They were de-annexed after the 1990 census.
ADATA Technology today announces the launch of new Secure Digital High Capacity (SDHC) and Secure Digital Extended Capacity (SDXC) Ultra High Speed I (UHS-I) U1 memory cards. These latest additions to the company's flash storage lineup bring improved performance in speed and capacity, and are expected to strengthen the company's already formidable Premier Pro Series memory solutions.ADATA's new Premier Pro SDHC and SDXC cards make the most of the UHS-I specification, providing read/write speeds up to 95/45 MB per second for the 16, 32, and 64 GB capacity cards. This remarkable transfer performance is combined with data protection features required by expert users, including: X-ray proof construction, resistance to extreme temperatures, error correcting code (ECC) and write-switch protection functions.Ray Chu, ADATA Product Manager, stated, "The faster transfer speeds of these Premier Pro cards will optimize performance for photography professionals, especially in continuous burst mode shooting and high dynamic range (HDR) imaging capture. Furthermore, they are designed and engineered to ensure reliability and durability of captured images in a variety of digital formats."ADATA's new SDHC and SDXC cards will be available through selected distributors and resellers in the USA and Canada. ADATA provides a lifetime warranty for all SDHC and SDXC cards.
