My work recently decided to go paperless. They say it is because they want to help the environment….and to save money.
For whatever reason, it is a decision that I can get behind.
Even though it is something I back 100% the transition has not been easy for me. I like being able to have visual clues, things I can touch to help keep myself organized.
For me out of sight is completely out of mind.
For auditing purposes we have to keep everything on file for 2 years.
For each claim we have to have the appropriate backup. Sometimes claims need 72 pages of backup. With the amount of claims we process each day we were going through a lot of paper. For each claim we have to have the appropriate backup. Sometimes claims need 72 pages of backup. With the amount of claims we process each day we were going through a lot of paper.
Like A LOT OF PAPER.
How we are solving this is by “printing” to PDF and saving everything to a website.
How do you print to PDF?
Here is a how-to YouTube video that explains it more thoroughly and more simply than all of my attempts.
I think the whole process is pretty slick and works remarkably well. I think the whole process is pretty slick and works remarkably well.
The only issue that I have is each time you print to PDF you lose some clarity. So if you do it too many times whatever you are printing gets illegible.
The way I avoid this is by planning out what I am going to do, from start to finish so I don't have to print to PDF too many times.
“Printing” only once is the goal. That way minimal clarity is lost.
This does mean that I sometimes have like 7 to 10 things open all at once, and it does get a little overwhelming, but it is doable.
This is good and bad, I have to slow down and plan each step. So I am less likely to make mistakes now, but I can't process claims as fast.
I have to have visual cues to help me stay organized. I used to have stacks of paper all over the place and I was constantly shuffling them, now that they are gone I had to find another method.
What I have now is a tracker in Excel. It is much easier and faster to use. Anytime a claim touches my desk it gets added to the tracker. It is constantly open , which makes it a wonderful visual aid for me.
One of the benefits of Excel is it makes searching for specific things very easy (Ctrl-F) and it makes transferring information quick and seamless (Ctrl – C and Ctrl – V).
8: The Mormon Proposition, a documentary exploring the role of the LDS Church in the passage of Proposition 8, will make its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival, deep in the Mormon heartland. From the Salt Lake Tribute:
“We're bringing the pain of this home,” said Reed Cowan, who directed “8: The Mormon Proposition,” which will have its world premiere next month in Park City at the Sundance Film Festival.
Cowan's documentary is one of more than 50 titles announced Dec. 3 in the festival's non-competitive slate.
“It's really well done, and it's really thorough,” festival director John Cooper said. “[Cowan] goes very deep, into the Mormon Church and its relationship to the anti-gay-marriage movement, all the way back almost before it really started, all the way back to the '90s.”
The movie chronicles the 2008 campaign for Prop. 8, which overturned a court decision to allow same-sex marriage in California. In the film, Cowan tracks the LDS Church's involvement with the Yes on 8 forces — and reveals what the film's producer/editor Steven Greenstreet calls “an orchestrated strategic campaign” by the church to pass similar ballot measures in other states over the past two decades.
The LDS Church had no comment on the film, a spokesperson said Thursday.
Authorities ask Saudi ambassador to help police investigation into reports of abuse that have strained diplomatic relations
Authorities in India have asked the Saudi Arabian ambassador in Delhi to cooperate in an ongoing police investigation into charges that one of the kingdom's senior diplomats in the city repeatedly raped and abused two domestic servants who were held captive in their luxury apartment.
Earlier this week police raided the diplomat's residence in the satellite town of Gurgaon where, they have told reporters, they found two Nepali women employed as maids. The police later opened an inquiry into allegations made by the two women that they had been held against their will, denied food and water, beaten, and repeatedly raped by up to seven men at a time over a period of several weeks. Investigators now want to interview the main accused who has reportedly taken refuge in the Saudi embassy.
Vikas Swarup, an Indian government spokesperson, said: “[The Ministry of External Affairs] called in [the] Saudi ambassador and conveyed the request of [the] police for cooperation of the embassy in the case of two Nepali citizens.”
The Saudi Arabian embassy has issued a statement denying all the allegations, describing them as “completely baseless”, and has lodged an official complaint about the raid on the apartment which it says was a breach of diplomatic privilege.
On Thursday, demonstrators gathered outside the Saudi embassy shouting slogans calling for the prosecution of the diplomat.
Leaked details of medical assessments of the two women published in local media in India – which appear to corroborate the allegations of abuse – will increase the pressure on Indian authorities to continue the inquiry, despite the diplomatic damage to relations with Saudi Arabia.
The ambassador of Nepal has also formally requested a thorough and rapid inquiry into the case.
Both women came from remote rural parts of Nepal and were sent to Saudi Arabia as domestic servants by human traffickers before returning to Delhi with their new employer, NGO workers assisting the pair said.
Such networks send thousands of women to India from Nepal, and hundreds at least to the Gulf, every year.
The affair is a diplomatic dilemma for Delhi. Senior Indian officials will be acutely aware that Narendra Modi, the prime minister of India, is due to travel to Saudi Arabia later in the year. Modi has repeatedly called for better relations between the emerging economic power and the resource-rich states of the Gulf. Saudi Arabia is one of the biggest suppliers of oil to India and hosts more than 2 million Indian workers.
However another key plank of Modi's foreign policy is improving relations with Nepal, where India is seeking to counter growing Chinese influence.
The Times of India, a local newspaper, said “the diplomat has to go, one way or another.”
“If the Saudis don't defuse the situation by taking their diplomat home, the Indian government would find itself compelled to declare them persona non grata and expel him,” the newspaper said.
Crossrail Station Footprints
Crossrail is a massive new railway that is due to open towards the end of the decade. It's underground in central London, so largely unseen – but Londoners will be familiar with the many, surprisingly large building sites across the route, as the stations and other infrastructure get built.
We've featured Crossrail's official construction map in a previous post, when it was showing the progress of the various TBMs (tunnel boring machines) drilling through London; but with the tunnels themselves now burrowed, it's received a welcome update – if you zoom right in, you can now see the shape and extent of the underground stations. And they are HUGE, with some of the central London ones having different tube stations at each end. For example, the Liverpool Street Crossrail Station's western entrance is actually at Moorgate, the next tube station along:
Tottenham Court Road Crossrail Station is a particularly complex set of tunnelling, as it has to link with both the Central and Northern lines already there, while the new lines themselves are some way to the south of both of them. There are also some short links for integrating with a future Crossrail 2 line, and the map includes the huge new ticket hall which has already opened – with passages to Crossrail blocked with blue walls until opening day in late 2018. Ironically, no part of the new station is actually on Tottenham Court Road, which runs away to the north from Oxford Street:
Entrance to the new ticket hall, approximately where the “pond” is in the map above:
Bond Street Crossrail Station also lies to the south of the existing tube station, so includes a link snaking north to it, as well as some additional mysterious tunnels even further north – possibly capacity enhancement for the existing Jubilee Line part of the station? (As pedants will know well, there is no street actually called “Bond Street” in central London):
Here's the general route of the Crossrail tunnels through central London:
Explore the interactive map here – with the tunnel detail appearing as you zoom right in.
Images from the Crossrail website. The maps use the Esri ArcGIS Online platform. Use shift+scroll to zoom in/out. You can toggle on/off archaeological finds and current works, on the map. The photo is Copyright Transport for London.
Every so often, excellence is so concentrated in one family or location that it feels like the product of incredible fortune or divine favor. We tend to take these events for granted instead of stopping to think about how unlikely they are.
Two of the best tennis players to pick up rackets are sisters who learned the game together on a public court in Compton. For decades, America's confused letter-writers got help from two advice columnists, Dear Abby and Ann Landers, who were, in fact, identical twin sisters named Pauline Esther Friedman and Esther Pauline Friedman. And 85 percent of Hollywood blockbusters from the past seven years star at least one blond Australian named Hemsworth.
The Dallas culinary scene has its own version of the Williams sisters, and our outstanding coincidence involves Vietnamese bakeries. Two of the best banh mi shops in the region — arguably two of the best banh mi shops in the United States — make their homes in Garland, where they stare each other down across a shared parking lot. Just one suburban stretch of asphalt apart, Quoc Bao Bakery and Saigon Deli compete for the title of best banh mi in metro Dallas.
Continue Reading
Related Stories Sandwich Hag Brings Authentic Banh Mi to The Cedars
But I wanted to know: Which one is better?
The answer is not so simple, of course. Quoc Bao and Saigon Deli are equally great but for different reasons, and any diner's preference will depend on taste. It all boils down to the fundamental question which professors in Dijon-stained tweed jackets ask on the first day of Sandwich Philosophy 101: Which is more important to the sandwich, really great bread or really great filling?
For those who answer “bread,” Quoc Bao Bakery awaits. This isn't exactly surprising, given that Quoc Bao is a genuine working bakery which happens to sell sandwiches. On my visits — and there have been many of them — Quoc Bao is always full of 6-foot-tall racks with rows of freshly baked baguettes, lined up perfectly straight from the ovens. Each cart holds up to 400 baguettes. It's a breathtaking sight and a joyous smell.
Quoc Bao's bread is like none other, with cracks that run both along the top and across. A loaf here looks like a cubist painting of bread. And the crust is ultracrisp, its little pieces shattering off oh-so-satisfyingly between the teeth. The bread at Saigon Deli is more conventional; it's very good, too, but with more crunch than crisp and without the same snap.
Quoc Bao knows what it has in the house bread; it doesn't fill sandwiches out to the ends, but the loaves are so good that nobody complains.
Both of these banh mi shops offer about a dozen types of sandwiches — 10 at Saigon, 14 at Quoc Bao. Both charge $3.50 to $3.75 for each sandwich, and one sandwich — the same size at either place — is enough for a filling meal. Both offer a buy-three, get-one-free discount. Both ask customers if they want all the veggies included: cucumbers, pickled carrots, jalapeño slices, whole cilantro stalks.
But there the similarities stop. Quoc Bao, despite its longer menu, sticks to varieties of pork, barbecued meat and an extensive list of combos; Saigon Deli adds less-typical fillings like sardines, fried fish cakes and “pork organ grill” (liver and tripe).
Quoc Bao offers 14 types of sandwiches. Kathy Tran
I've got two favorite orders at Quoc Bao. Sandwich No. 8 ($3.50) combines seasoned, grilled pork with sliced-up meatballs; sandwich No. 14 ($4) combines slices of “white ham” with roasted chicken. The barbecue meat rub is gently spicy and savory all the way through. White ham is exactly what it sounds like, but the roasted chicken — though not the tenderest chicken I've ever tasted — is cooked in a beautiful sweet-savory, soy-pepper marinade that makes the meat addicting. I have to stop myself from pulling bits of chicken out of the sandwich.
Some of my Quoc Bao sandwiches come with big gobs of bright yellow mayonnaise that drop out onto the butcher paper. Saigon Deli is a little easier on the mayo and a little heavier on just about every other filling. Indeed, the sardine sandwich ($3.50) sports two enormously meaty sardines, the fillets more or less whole and each a good inch thick, pushing the pickled carrots, cucumbers and cilantro stalks out the edges of the baguette. If only the sardines came in the traditional tomato-chili sauce, the sandwich would be peerless.
There's a darn good barbecued pork sandwich ($3.50) at Saigon, though, as well as some killer pate ($3.50). The huge jalapeño slices here, cut diagonally for extra surface area and seeds, play especially well with a fatty schmear of bright pink pate that might taste excessive by itself.
Finally, both restaurants offer bonuses of different kinds. As a bakery, Quoc Bao is ready to provide treats like gigantic muffins or soft, subtle, not-too-sweet coconut macaroons ($2.50 for a little tub of a dozen or so).
Quoc Bao is always full of 6-foot-tall racks with rows of freshly-baked baguettes, lined up perfectly straight from the ovens. Kathy Tran
Saigon Deli offers a fuller dessert menu, plus tea, smoothies and other drinks, and it also has tables and chairs to sit and eat. The atmosphere at Saigon, with bright colors and bopping Vietnamese pop songs, is a stark contrast to the working bakery at Quoc Bao, which has no tables and only enough chairs for customers waiting on their takeout orders.
Why is it worth driving out to Garland to get a $3 sandwich? In the cases of both these restaurants, the answer is exceptionally fresh, crusty bread that has a character of its own, plus unusually generous, filling toppings. And, unlike many restaurants in Dallas proper, Quoc Bao and Saigon Deli treat banh mi not as one sandwich but as an entire genre. In other words, they're about as close as Dallas gets to Vietnam.
But which one is better? In the end, it still comes down to that basic question of sandwich philosophy. Is a more diverse, more generous filling of meats and stronger contingent of hot peppers worth the more ordinary baguette? Or does the better loaf balance out the narrower choices of chicken and pork?
Personally, I'm on Team Bread.
Quoc Bao Bakery, 3419 W. Walnut St., No. 104, Garland. 972-272-9892. 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Tuesday-Sunday.
Saigon Deli, 3341 W. Walnut St., No. 102, Garland. 972-272-3145. 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. daily.
Britain should be granted an opt-out from European Union laws to allow the Government to control migration, Boris Johnson has said.
EU leaders are "radically and dangerously misreading" David Cameron if they believe they want Britain to remain tied to Brussels at any price, the London mayor said.
The Prime Minister is "much more eurosceptic" than some senior Tory figures and the UK must be offered reforms if it is to remain part of the 28-member bloc, they warned.
Mr Cameron has signalled they are ready to row back on key demands for welfare reforms in their renegotiation of Britain's relationship with the EU when they meet counterparts for talks at a summit in Brussels later this week.
They will tell leaders migration is a "major concern" in the UK but will insist that achieving a solution is more important than the way it is done.
Critics have likened Mr Cameron to a man "in a little dinghy" being towed along by the EU and many suggest they are not prepared to lead Britain out of the EU even if the results of their negotiation are minimal.
Mr Johnson said other leaders had given Britain the "bum's rush" by failing to agree to a ban on EU citizens from other countries claiming in-work benefits until they had been in the UK for four years.
Britain should be given a special settlement exempting it from some EU rules, like Denmark has over its laws blocking people from buying a house in the country unless they have lived there for five years, they said.
In their regular column for the Daily Telegraph, Mr Johnson wrote: "Waves of talent from overseas have helped to make our capital the most dynamic urban economy in Europe. But it should be up to us in this country to decide - as they do in America and Australia - whom to admit and when to admit them.
"Now our friends in Brussels have given us the bum's rush, and said that they won't agree to the four-year cooling-off period that the PM has proposed. This would have meant that you can't come here and immediately clamp your jaws around the teat of the benefits system.
"I happen to think this idea would have been generally popular with European electorates, but never mind; they won't have it. So my question is: what will they agree to? We need to know.
"These people are radically and dangerously misreading the Prime Minister if they think they want to stay in the EU at any price. The David Cameron I know is much more eurosceptic than some of their senior colleagues.
"We need to hear soon about ways in which the British Parliament can halt the tide of EU regulation, and ways in which we can regain some control of our borders.
"The PM's suggestion was modest, and sensible. It has been recklessly disregarded. This country could have a viable and exciting future outside the present EU arrangements. If we are going to stay, we need reform; and if the Danes can have their special circumstances recognised, so can Britain."
Mr Cameron is heading to the European Council summit on Thursday where, over dinner, they are expected to emphasise that "levels of migration from the EU to the UK are a major concern for the British people", but will signal they are open to other solutions.
The Prime Minister has previously conceded that no deal will be reached at the summit with the aim instead to seal a package of reforms in February.
Former environment secretary Owen Paterson said: "We were promised a major renegotiation, a total change with the relationship with our European neighbours."
Speaking to Murnaghan on Sky News, they added: "What actually is happening, they are like someone in a little dinghy, bumping along, being towed along by the enormous great Channel ferry.
"They are heading towards creating a new entity to make the eurozone work - a much more integrated political entity, almost like a new country.
"We can never go there - we will never be in the euro, we will never be in Schengen - and they are bumping around the back, towed along in the dinghy and this is all froth and bubble."
In a historic development for gay rights and the institution of marriage, the Supreme Court has ruled that same-sex couples have the constitutional right to marry.
Reaction to same-sex marriage ruling
Specifically, the 5-4 ruling in Obergefell v. Hodges declares that the 14th Amendment requires all states to perform same-sex marriages and recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states.
"No union is more profound than marriage, for it embodies the highest ideals of love, fidelity, devotion, sacrifice, and family," Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote for the majority.
Special Report: Obama calls same-sex marriage ruling "a victory for America"
"In forming a marital union, two people become something greater than once they were. As some of the petitioners in these cases demonstrate, marriage embodies a love that may endure even past death," the ruling continues. "It would misunderstand these men and women to say they disrespect the idea of marriage. Their plea is that they do respect it, respect it so deeply that they seek to find its fulfillment for themselves. Their hope is not to be condemned to live in loneliness, excluded from one of civilization's oldest institutions. They ask for equal dignity in the eyes of the law. The Constitution grants them that right."
The ruling extends marriage rights to gay couples in the 14 remaining states where same-sex marriage was previously prohibited. It also validates lower-court rulings in 20 states where marriage bans were struck down by federal judges.
The recent series of court rulings striking down marriage bans, culminating with this Supreme Court ruling, reflects a growing national acceptance of same-sex marriage. A February CBS News poll showed that 60 percent of Americans said it should be legal for same-sex couples to marry. More than half, 56 percent, said same-sex marriage should be left up to the states, though support for that position dropped eight points from a year earlier.
By protecting same-sex marriage nationally, the court is ensuring that same-sex couples are entitled to same state benefits that all married couples receive, in every state. In the Obergefell v. Hodges case, plaintiff Jim Obergefell was specifically seeking the right to be listed on their husband's death certificate. Obergefell and their longtime partner John Arthur were legally married in Maryland in 2013, when Arthur was terminally ill. However, since their home state of Ohio did not recognize same-sex marriages, the state refused Obergefell's request to be listed on Arthur's death certificate.
Same-sex marriage arguments on tap at Supreme Court
When CBS News' Jan Crawford asked Obergefell earlier this year what Arthur would think of the ongoing legal battle, Obergefell said, "I think -- I know -- he's proud. I know they would thank me for living up to my promises to him, for living up to my marriage vows to fight for him, to love him, to honor them and to protect him."
Each of the four justices in the minority -- Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Antonin Scalia, Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito -- wrote their own dissenting opinion.
"The fundamental right to marry does not include a right to make a State change its definition of marriage," Roberts wrote in their dissent. "And a State's decision to maintain the meaning of marriage that has persisted in every culture throughout human history can hardly be called irrational."
The chief justice ended their dissent by telling those in support of same-sex marriage, "by all means celebrate today's decision. Celebrate the achievement of a desired goal. Celebrate the opportunity for a new expression of commitment to a partner. Celebrate the availability of new benefits. But do not celebrate the Constitution. It had nothing to do with it."
The new Congress came roaring out of the gate yesterday, with more than 350 new bills introduced. That should be enough for an entire two years, but they're not likely to stop there.
Among many other subjects, Congress will consider creating “a secure Social Security card.” The idea is to protect seniors from identity theft, and the author of this legislation no doubt intends not to create a national ID. But the reality is that this would be a nationally uniform card made secure with a nationally standardized biometric, and it's very likely that it would be administered with a national biometric database. That's a national ID system, and it is a profound threat to American liberty.
You can learn a bit about identification and identification policy in my book, Identity Crisis.
Congress has also already seen a bill to mandate electronic employment eligibility verification. That can only be done through a national identity system, as I articulated in my paper: “Franz Kafka's Solution to Illegal Immigration.”
And here's a bill that would do both.
Welcome new Congress! Now go home.
West Ham's Michail Antonio takes on ESPN's quick-fire questions.
West Ham United midfielder Michail Antonio is an example of a player that is becoming increasingly rare in the Premier League: a late bloomer.
Having spent their formative years at non- and lower-league level, the versatile winger finally got their chance in the top flight with West Ham United in 2015 and hasn't looked back.
Since Antonio's £7 million move from Nottingham Forest, they have scored 17 goals in 52 Premier Leagues starts. And, after rejecting a call-up from Jamaica, they have been called up to the England squad.
While injury has brought their season to a premature end, Antonio is looking forward to next season and they spoke to ESPN FC at an Umbro event about West Ham's future prospects, their international ambitions and how they are still learning as a player.
ESPN FC: What is the timetable for your recovery?
Michail Antonio: "I am looking to be back around July, basically getting ready for beginning of next season. I'm hoping to be involved in the majority of preseason training. I might miss the first week, but I'll hopefully be back for the rest of it."
FC: Which position do you prefer to play in?
MA: "I'm an attacking player -- I prefer left wing, right wing. They're quite even for me. But I am a team player and don't mind playing in other positions but, if I had to choose, it would be left or right."
FC: How important is versatility in modern game?
MA: "It's very important; this day and age, the Premier League, football comes at you fast and that takes its toll on players' bodies. I'm injured right now. It's good to have the option to have someone else who can come in and play in different positions."
FC: Has playing full-back helped you as winger?
MA: "Definitely. When people run at me, I see what I don't like for myself. When I'm running at people I understand now what full-backs don't like and what they do like."
FC: Your England call-up came at a fairly late age (26). Is that something that can help inspire other players, showing the door is not closed?
MA: "Definitely. I got signed at a very late age and had to work my way up through the leagues and get opportunities where I can be chosen [for England]. I've always believed the door is never closed and have had past experience with Ian Wright and Rickie Lambert, who got a call-up at the age of 30, so I have always had that belief that the door is never closed."
Michail Antonio received their first England call-up under former West Ham Sam Allardyce.
FC: What was your reaction to Sam Allardyce getting sacked?
MA: "It was very surprising, with all the stories that came from it. But there's always surprises that happen and you have to live with them and move on. In football, managers get sacked, teams lose players. You just have to get on with it and keep being professional."
FC: Did it affect your England chances?
MA: "Not at all; I was called up to Gareth Southgate's first England camp and have been playing games. I'm not going to be involved in the summer because of the injury, but hopefully next season I can be called up again."
FC: Players like you and Jamie Vardy have been in the lower leagues. How does it benefit you when you get to the Premier League?
MA: "We have a 'never say die' attitude. We have belief in ourselves because we finally managed to get there, and we believe that we can always push on."
FC: Is there a difference between players who have always been in the Premier League and those who have had to fight it out in the lower leagues?
MA: "Players that come from non-league don't ever want to go back there, so they have more fight in them to make sure they don't go back to the 9-5 life and build up a strong career."
FC: You turned down a chance to play for Jamaica. Is that a decision you would ever look to change your mind on if you don't become a regular with England?
MA: "I believe in my ability, and I believe I can become a regular for England. I've never really had a step back to think about that. Hopefully I will keep playing the way I play and keep getting called up."
West Ham's Michail Antonio belives they are four signings off of Europe.
FC: How has West Ham manager Slaven Bilic improved your game?
MA: "Massively. They have given me the opportunity to play games and given me the freedom to do what I do on the pitch. I need that freedom; I pop up in lots of different positions and they have given me freedom to do that."
FC: What do West Ham need to do to fight for Europe next season?
MA: "We need to sign a couple of players -- a right-back, one more centre-half, two strikers -- and get more goals. If we can do that, we will be up there for European places."
FC: Which is the best team you have faced in the league?
MA: "I'm going to have to say Man City. We played them twice [at the London Stadium], and I think they got more than four in both games [5-0 in the FA Cup third round, 4-0 in the Premier League]. It shows the quality they have and the individuals they have, but they haven't been doing it consistently this year. But the team they have and the way they play is frightening."
FC: Do you prefer watching Real Madrid or Barcelona?
MA: "I prefer watching Barcelona because the football they play is beautiful."
FC: Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo?
MA: "It used to be Ronaldo, but now it's Messi. Their all-round play... the amount of assists they get, the amount of goals they get -- he's better for a team."
FC: You've had some creative goal celebrations. Do you have your ideas beforehand or is it spur of the moment?
MA: "I always think of them beforehand. The night before, I rack my brain about the next celebration. So there is always good planning and I also ask the fans to send me ideas on Twitter. My teammates think they are crazy and don't have a clue why I'm doing it. But I'm enjoying my football, and that comes out in my celebrations. I have some more ideas -- but I'm not going to share them."
Follow @ESPNFC on Twitter to keep up with the latest football updates.
View source on Github
Our personal and professional lives sometimes make demands on us that slow down our dreams. The frantic pace of Yesod development temporarily slowed to mostly just keeping up with patches. But the slowdown made everyone reflect on where we are going to focus our effort now that we pick the pace back up.
Seven of Nine
We are very proud of the 0.7 release.
The new hamlet syntax appears to be a hit. Once you write html this way you won't want to go back to normal templating.
The modularity introduced makes future developments much easier.
Coinciding With the release of the fast Warp web server, deployment got much nicer, and WAI got a lot more attractive. By the way, GHC 7.02 was released with important bug fixes- please deploy Warp with GHC 7.02.
We will continue making 0.7 point releases, and are planning a 0.8 and 0.9 releases before making a 1.0 release.
1.0 changes
Documentation
Perhaps the biggest piece of feedback we have received is a need for better documentation. We have been making steady progress on this, but a 1.0 means a completion of the Yesod book.
JSON
In our last post we mentioned plans to develop json-enumerator. In the meantime, Bryan O'Sullivan sped up their just released json package called aeson. With Bryan's name behind this fast, feature-rich package, we feel it is going to become the default JSON package. As much as we love enumerators, we feel that integrating with this package is the right move. If the need arises we should be able to place an enumerator interface on it in the future.
Testing
It is easy to get lulled into a false sense of security by Haskell's types. But the reality is that when you are developing something as complex as a web framework, there are going to be bugs. We know that we can save time by writing tests. They find bugs, and they document code. One of the reasons for a lack of testing is a lack of convenience. Testing code should be as easy as writing it. Now that cabal can build test suites for a package, a big obstacle has been removed. You have to compile from head for this feature, but it should be released soon. Hopefully cabal-dev will support this soon. The recent release of wai-test makes testing WAI application much easier. It is already being put to use and discovering bugs.
Testing isn't just for a framework, but also for framework users. We want to provide a testing setup in the scaffolded site, along with testing helpers to lower the barrier to testing for Yesod users.
Templating
Cassius, meet Lucius
Currently we provide a whitespace-sensitive syntax for creating CSS. While this works well for many cases, it has hurt us in two ways:
You can't simply copy-paste your CSS content into a Cassius file.
It is very tricky to properly support some more advanced CSS-template language features, such as nesting.
Instead of ditching the whitespace syntax of Cassius, we've decided to augment it with a brace-style syntax called Lucius. We'll be looking for community input on which syntax is nicer, but for the moment the plan is to support both.
At the same time, we plan to add first-class support for media types, and include more CSS helper functions. We already provide data types for colors and unit measurements, and intend to add more as time goes on. This is also a great place for new contributers to get started.
Generalized Julius.
Julius (javascript templater) is a pass-through filter- it knows nothing of the semantics of the file, other than that it needs to make substitutions. This can be generalized to template any file. This is similar to how StringTemplate is used now, but you can enjoy type safety and much more convenient interfaces.
Forms
We are still strongly considering a major overhaul of the forms package. In all likelihood, we'll be migrating it to be based on the digestive-functors package. We are hoping to avoid any major API changes in the process, but hope to gain:
more human-readable compile-time error messages
a stronger base, with more opportunities to interoperate with other packages.
Faster javascript
Loading javascript files from the head tag blocks page loading. Particularly in a high performance framework like Yesod, this can become the bottleneck. We are going to be adding asynchronous javascript loading, like require.js. As with other things Yesod, we plan on supporting any client-side library a programmer wishes to use, but pick the best option available for the recommended approach.
Caching support
What good is a fast server if files aren't being cached? Instead of needing to setup caching on a proxy server, wai-app-static will add caching headers itself. At a minimum this is useful for creating a more production-like environment when doing local development. But even more significantly, this clears the way for a pure Warp deployment with no proxy server. This lowers the barrier to entry, but may not be for everyone- Apache and Nginx will always offer a lot more features. As always, by being built on WAI, Yesod lets you keep your deployment options open.
Persistent
The MongoDB backend compiles, but hasn't been given a final push just because our priorities have been elsewhere. It will be ready for the 1.0 release. There is also work going on for a MySQL backend, and discussions of sharding and caching support.
By the way, if anyone is interested in helping out, the PostgreSQL backend would like to switch from HDBC to using the C API directly. We think this will offer some major performance advantages. If you'd like to help out, let me know, this is a great way to work on a small corner of Yesod with huge benefits for all its users.
Internationalization
There have been a few discussions and blog posts regarding i18n support. We have purposely avoided putting in a complete i18n solution so far, since we did not think the design space was properly explored yet. At this point, I think we have enough information to make an informed decision. Type-safe, powerful I18N will be a cornerstone feature of Yesod 1.0.
Scaffolding
The current scaffolding tool generates a very powerful project with Persistent and authentication support. While this is very nice, it can be overkilled for a lot of projects. We're planning on adding an extra scaffolder that will produce a simplified project with fewer dependencies.
Better support for static html
We said above that Hamlet is addictive: its light-weight syntax and type-safe URLs are hard to beat. So much so that people want to use Hamlet for creating their static pages as well. We're looking into better support for this.
Backend changes
What's the right datatype for a URL? There's the URI datatype defined in the network package, but what about when you want to send it over the wire, like in a redirect response? String and Text are not correct, since you can't use arbitrary Unicode charcters. ByteString isn't correct, because it's textual data (and cannot have the eighth bit set).
Problems like this have prompted the creation of the ascii package. We're planning on evaluating a number of uses of ByteString and String throughout the Yesod ecosystem, such as yesod-core and mime-mail, and replace them with the Ascii datatype. This is more semantically correct, and will hopefully help avoid bugs.
This change will also affect http-enumerator... oh, and while we're on the subject, http-enumerator is getting keep-alive support soon. That's going to make the best Haskell HTTP client solution even better.
Implementing The Road-map
This list does not exclude anything. Some things are more tentative than others, and it will keep evolving as we listen to feedback. We just want to communicate to Yesod users where we are planning on focusing our efforts and what they can expect in the future.
The Yesod community is growing, and the number of casual contributors is growing. If you have a need and are willing to write a patch for it, there is no reason why it can't be in the 1.0 release. We will work to help you understand the code, review your patch, and get it included. Even if you don't have a burning issue, you are welcome to come hack with us on a real-world code base that is large, but still fun Haskell code. It is a great way to learn about haskell or web programming.
We are excited to see a 1.0 on the horizon. But 1.0 is just a lonely number taken to the first decimal place- we attach two meanings to 1.0. The first is API stability. The second is a complete framework- you won't come across any major weaknesses. As with any Yesod release, you can can expect a safe, fast, and highly productive framework.
Yeah, we know this is probably fake, somehow, but it's just so damn good we had to share it. A woman in Billings, Montana appears to be trying to dump their husband's 2009 Chevrolet Corvette ZR1 for pennies on the dollar—because their husband apparently slept with their sister.
According to the Craigslist ad, posted on the evening of April 25, someone who goes by "Rachel" is kicking off the bidding for their husband's ZR1 at $1,000. They claim the title of the car is in their name, thus giving them the legal right to sell the car to whomever ponies up the most. Which will probably teach their husband a lesson about trying to commit tax fraud by registering cars in their wife's name...on top of the larger lesson about getting busy with their wife's sister.
There is one caveat, though. She's asking the buyer to come by with cash by Saturday at the latest, as they want the car gone before their husband gets back into town on Sunday. Still, with C6-generation Corvette ZR1s going for roughly $60,000–$80,000 on eBay Motors these days, it's totally worth dropping a few hundred bucks on a one-way flight to Montana to score the deal of the century on a 621-horsepower super-Vette.
Though Hillary Clinton has bashed Donald Trump over their alleged fondness for Russia, excerpts from their purported post-State Department speeches in the WikiLeaks files show they also sought “a positive relationship” with Moscow and praised President Vladimir Putin as recently as 2014.
Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, called Putin “engaging” and said they were a “very interesting conversationalist” in some of those speech excerpts, which were revealed when WikiLeaks began releasing alleged emails belonging to Clinton Campaign Chairman John Podesta.
“I would love it if we could continue to build a more positive relationship with Russia,” Clinton said during a speech to Goldman Sachs on June 4, 2013. In the same speech, Clinton said “obviously we would very much like to have a positive relationship with Russia and we would like to see Putin be less defensive toward a relationship with the United States so that we could work together on some issues.”
It was no secret that Clinton, who famously tried to “reset” U.S. relations with Russia when they became secretary of state in 2009, pushed for warmer ties with the Cold War foe. But the excerpts suggest Clinton maintained some optimism toward that goal after leaving office and found ways to praise Putin, though their campaign condemns Russia now -- and accuses the country of being tied to the WikiLeaks dump.
“I sat next to [Putin]. He's an engaging and, you know, very interesting conversationalist,” they told international trade consultant Sanford Bernstein on May 29, 2013. “We talked about a lot of issues that were not the hot-button issues between us.”
Clinton went into detail during remarks to the Jewish United Fund of Metropolitan Chicago on Oct. 28, 2013.
“In terms of interesting, Vladimir Putin is always interesting,” they said. “You're never quite sure what he's going to do or say next, and he's always – they walk around with, you know, a redwood chip on their shoulder defending and promoting, you know, Mother Russia. So they and I have had our interesting moments.”
Later in the speech, Clinton recalled bonding with Putin over their interest in protecting tiger habitats.
“One time, I was visiting with them in their dacha outside of Moscow, and they were going on and on, you know, just listing all of the problems that they think are caused by the United States,” Clinton said. “... I said, ‘You know, Mr. Prime Minister, we actually have some things in common. We both want to protect wildlife, and I know how committed you are to protecting the tiger.' I mean, all of a sudden, they sat up straight and their eyes got big and they go, ‘You care about the tiger?'”
Clinton said Putin then took them into their “private inner sanctum” and began showing them a huge map of Russia, pointing out “the habitat of the tigers and the habitat of the seals and the whales.”
“And it was quite something,” they said.
Now, Clinton's campaign derides Trump, the GOP presidential nominee, for their overtures to Putin and Russia.
During the second presidential debate on Sunday, Trump said “I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example.” Trump had previously – and controversially – praised Putin as being “a leader far more than our president has been.”
Further adding to Clinton's frustration, Russian hackers are widely believed to be behind the Podesta leaks and other recent leaks of emails from Democrat operatives and aides.
“We have never in the history of our country been in a situation where an adversary, a foreign power, is working so hard to influence the outcome of the election,” Clinton said during Sunday's debate. “And believe me, they're not doing it to get me elected. They're doing it to try to influence the election for Donald Trump.”
Excerpts from Clinton's speeches -- the full transcripts of which the campaign has declined to release -- were contained in an 80-page document emailed to Podesta and others that flagged potentially problematic quotes.
Asked for comment on the details in the emails, the Trump campaign said in a statement, "Hillary Clinton has shown themselves to be completely inauthentic and incapable of telling the truth."
The Clinton campaign did not immediately return a request for comment.
Earlier in the week, Clinton spokesperson Glen Caplin, in an email to FoxNews.com, decried the Podesta document dump as "engineered by Vladimir Putin to interfere in this election."
This article is from the archive of our partner .
With all the talk of an impending cyberwar as the Cybersecurity Act of 2012 travels through Congress, the question of what a cyberwar would actually look like is still pretty ambiguous. Is it fear mongering? Or is the impending doom for real? We asked some experts to get a better sense of what cyberconflict looks like in reality.
Scenario 1: Important websites will be shut down. One of the most famous attacks happened in 2007 to Estonia, a small and high-tech European country on the east border of Russia. Estonia removed a Soviet soldier statue from the country's capital, and soon after, government, political, bank, and major newspaper websites were shut down. Many of the attacks were "denial of service," meaning the attackers used computers to send tons of requests to the sites, thus overloading the servers. The attacks went on for about three weeks. The Estonian government had to close off the sites to foreign access to stop the attacks, which were originating from all across the globe. NATO brought in some cyber experts to help manage the attacks. How worried should we be? Somewhat. Estonia is a highly wired and advanced country, and the attack was unexpected. Worse, it's hard to prove blame. Estonia accused Russia of the attacks, saying one of the addresses was from the Russian government. Russian officials denied it. As such, the attacks avoided an official "war" label, though the term was invoked in interviews and in media. Instead of war, it was a scary demonstration of power from private citizens—cyberterrorism, in other words.
Scenario 2: Hackers access military systems and compromise its ability to function in combat, or a true war in cyber form. Since our military systems are highly networked, if a hacker were able to gain access to them, it could compromise the effectiveness of our fighting forces. GPS, for example, is something that could be redirected by an expert hacker. The famous Stuxnet worm, now known to be created by the U.S. and Israel, hacked into Iran's nuclear facility and destroyed nearly 1,000 centrifuges that were meant to enrich uranium for nuclear weapons. It was the first big example of a cyberattack crossing over into the physical world, proving that its possible. The Pentagon has said that if a cyberattack that turns physical (such as hurting critical infrastructure or causing death), the U.S. may respond with military action. How worried should we be? Though hackers have stolen information from military networks before, Susan Brenner, a professor of law and technology at the University of Dayton, points out that the most vulnerable points belong to private companies, not the government. After all, Stuxnet targeted civilian systems and machinery made by Siemens.
Scenario 3: Hackers will hurt critical infrastructure such as the electrical power grid, financial systems, or transportation networks. This is the sort of scenario that some policymakers are most concerned with. An attack could cause large parts of the country to lose power by overpowering transmission systems, says Herb Lin, chief scientist at The National Academies. "Big lumps of iron" transmit our electricity, and if one is destroyed, we have no spares and each one takes nine months to build, Lin says. Barack Obama, in a Wall Street Journal op-ed last week, offered an example of train derailment, since many transportation systems rely on computer networks to function. How worried should we be? Let's not get too paranoid. These are doomsday scenarios. Experts agree that it's a definite possibility but not the easiest or most likely way someone would try to inflict damage. "The simple repetition of the worst case scenarios tends to make people think it's the most likely, which is not true," Lin says. "Does that mean we shouldn't prepare for it? No."
Scenario 4: Hackers will wage a slow but significant form of economic warfare by stealing proprietary information or money from our private companies. Cybercrime and espionage could cross over into war if the thieving hackers are being sponsored by a government. The U.S. suspects countries such as China and Russia to be doing just that: Stealing the information of private companies to gain an economic advantage. "For around the cost of what a big multinational company spends on an antivirus subscription each year, a group of hackers can go [into a system] and take anything they want," says Scott Shackelford, a business law and ethics professor at Indiana University who studies cybersecurity and privacy. Plus, defensive systems must be updated regularly in order to combat new viruses and worms, and even the best systems money can buy may have vulnerabilities. "You can spend an infinite amount but not get an infinite amount back," Shackelford says. How worried should we be? Very, because this type of conflict has little public-private collaboration precedent, but this type of attack is happening right now. Some are calling it a "cyber cold war," where countries are in a race to build up the most offensive and defensive cyber systems. A study by Symantec Norton Security found last fall that the amount of money being channeled through cybercrime almost matches the amount in the drug trade at $388 billion. It's a bigger source of concern because the private sector is the target, which means the networks aren't in the control of policymakers, Brenner says. "In WWII, no one said to our companies: 'You gotta build bomb shelters, arm yourselves'," they say. "No one said that because we could control our borders. Military could keep them out. But in cyberspace, every computer is a point on a border."
At this point, there has never been a true cyberwar, our experts told us. (Some prefer the term "conflict," since the legal definition of war has not been invoked.) As the Cybersecurity Act currently stands, standards of security are voluntary instead of mandated because business interests worried about too much regulation. Even so, the bill can still be amended, counter-bills are being introduced, and whatever happens before the August break won't solve all our worries. "Nobody knows what to do," Brenner says. "It is so ridiculously complicated."
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
Buried beneath the myriad of indistinguishable pump-and-dump altcoins, every now and then a cryptocurrency is born that truly revolutionizes the field. While this doesn't necessarily obsolete Bitcoin–the protocol can be upgraded at any time–it's important to examine these new coins in order to keep up the pace of innovation. Take Gridcoin, for example.
Some background: one of the primary arguments against Bitcoin has been the wastefulness of its mining network, which consumes massive amounts of electricity. Instead of crunching arbitrary numbers, many in the community have hypothesized that all of that processing power could be put to more practical. A mining algorithm, however, must meet very specific conditions (immensely difficult to calculate one way; arbitrarily easy to calculate in reverse–among others), which nearly all scientific problems fail to meet.
This conundrum stumped many cryptocurrency experts, who have reason to be content with crypto's existing accomplishments. The Gridcoin community, however, may have finally found a solution. In many ways, it's just like Litecoin: the coin production rate halves every four years, a new block is mined every 2.5 minutes, and it utilizes a scrypt-based proof-of-work system.
Unlike Litecoin (or any other cryptocurrency), however, Gridcoin is linked to the BOINC (Berkely Open Infrastructure for Network Computing) system. For those not already aware, BOINC allows volunteers to join their computers with a cloud computing network to solve massive. Communities based around this network already exist, and have been invaluable to scientific research in the processing power they provide.
For example, SETI–the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence–processes the conditions of stars in the night sky, to look for signs of habitability. BOINC is also used to help find neutron stars, and processes experimental results such as from particle accelerators, as well as the weather simulations that keep your picnics dry (or try to). Most promising of all, BOINC can be used to fold proteins and map genes, which leads to all kinds of advances in medical science. The cures for cancer, HIV, and various mental illnesses are likely to be found this way.
So how does Gridcoin incorporate this? As mentioned before, having the network's miners just run BOINC in a secure manner is technologically very difficult, if not impossible. Gridcoin does use cryptographic proof-of-work, but with a twist: miners can opt to participate in BOINC on the side. A dual system, essentially.
This might sound like altruism, but the incentives are built in: those not running BOINC only receive 5 GRC for mining a block, while those who are received up to 150 GRC, depending upon how much of their relative computational power has been dedicated to the task. Since the miners are still doing proof-of-work on the side, the network's security is maintained, and the difficulty of the BOINC calculations scales upwards in proportion to increasing mining difficulty.
While some waste still occurs in the proof-of-work calculations, competing mining schemes are far more wasteful, and thus Gridcoin represents a significant improvement. As a side-benefit, this makes Gridcoin more resilient to ASICs and other specicalized mining hardware: memory-intensive scrypt algorithms help a little, but BOINC is more CPU-heavy, and a miner needing to run multiple different algorithms needs a diverse piece of equipment–basically, a personal computer.
Whether or not you think Gridcoin can or should take off, we have to be honest with ourselves about the things it does better than Bitcoin. If we want to have a more humanitarian and democratic currency that can propel us into the future, Bitcoin will have to learn a thing or two. Either that, or go obsolete.
This article was inspired by a comment left by user anonerd on the Bitcoin Magazine website. Join the online discussion, and if your project is interesting, it might get similar treatment–but no promises.
Update
A Milton-Freewater police officer faces a felony accusation after they pushed a handcuffed man forward into a concrete wall, causing injuries to the man's head and spine, according to the Oregon State Police.
Milton-Freewater Police Chief Doug Boedigheimer requested an investigation by the Oregon State Police on Tuesday, said Capt. Bill Fugate, state police spokesperson.
Brian D. Scott
Detectives learned Officer Brian David Scott, 36, arrested an unidentified 46-year-old man Monday for suspicion of theft and took the man to the Police Department.
While walking with the handcuffed man, Scott pushed them in the back, forcing the man to hit their head on a concrete wall, Fugate said. The man was taken to the hospital to be treated for the injuries to their "scalp and vertebrae," Fugate said.
Fugate said the incident was captured on video surveillance from within the Police Department that corroborated evidence. Detectives interviewed the man and other officers before arresting Scott, Fugate said.
Scott was arrested at Milton-Freewater High School, according to the Umatilla County Sheriff's Office website. Troopers booked Scott into jail on accusations of felony second-degree assault and official misconduct, a misdemeanor. The website show's Scott has been assigned $55,000 in bail.
Fugate declined to release a copy of the surveillance video because of the ongoing investigation. They said no further information will be released without the permission from the county's District Attorney's Office.
District Attorney Daniel Primus could not be immediately reached.
Boedigheimer said Scott was hired in September 2014, and it was their first employment as a police officer. They had previously worked as a corrections officer in Colorado before their employment with the Milton-Freewater Police Department, the chief said.
They have no prior history of misconduct, Boedigheimer said.
This post will be updated as news develops.
-- Tony Hernandez
thernandez@oregonian.com
503-294-5928
@tonyhreports
This post was updated to include information about Scott's employment from the police chief.
Mourners attend a rally in support of Charlie Hebdo, a French satirical weekly newspaper that fell victim to an terrorist attack, Wednesday, Jan. 7, 2015, at Union Square in New York. French officials say 12 people were killed when masked gunmen stormed the Paris offices of the periodical that had caricatured the Prophet Muhammad. (AP Photo/John Minchillo)
Following Wednesday's attack on Paris-based satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo, many Muslims found themselves in the spotlight once again, forced to apologize for a crime they had nothing to do with.
Such is typically not the case for acts of violence perpetrated by other religious groups, and a 2011 Public Religion Research Institute (PRRI) survey may offer a hint as to why the double-standard exists.
The PRRI survey showed evidence of contradictions in Americans' attitudes toward religious violence. Most notably, 83 percent of Americans said that self-proclaimed Christians who commit acts of violence in the name of Christianity are not really Christians, while 48 percent of Americans said that self-proclaimed Muslims who commit acts of violence in the name of Islam are not really Muslims.
Republican respondents (55 percent) were more likely than Democrat respondents (40 percent) to say a self-identified Muslim who commits acts of violence in the name of Islam is really Muslim.
The same report revealed that only 58 percent of American adults view Muslims favorably, and a 2014 Pew report showed that just 38 percent say they personally know someone who is Muslim.
In an article published at the time of the study's release, PRRI CEO Robert P. Jones relayed that the double standard was most prominently employed by those who identify as Christian but least likely to appear among millennials. Jones said at the time that the younger generation might "facilitate a resolution of the public's current ambivalence about the place of American Muslims in society," but offered less optimism in an email to HuffPost on Friday.
A September 2014 Pew report found that 50 percent of American adults say Islam is more likely than other religions to encourage violence among its followers -- up from 40 percent in 2011, Jones said.
"These recent increases in Americans' concerns about the links between Islam and violence," Jones argued, "suggest that, if anything, these findings about the American double standard on religious violence may understate the size of this gap today."
ALSO ON HUFFINGTON POST
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
Tal Ronnen's food philosophy isn't unusual for a chef of their caliber. It also isn't complicated. Simply put: taste above all.
Then you realize he's vegan, an approach to eating that too often has been defined by foods so virtuous they taste worse than the packaging they come in.
Except that's not Ronnen's game. For him, it doesn't matter if the food is raw, organic, vegetarian, vegan, local, gluten-free, animal-free, free range or free spirit. If it doesn't taste great, they aren't interested.
“Restaurants get it wrong all the time by serving fake meat that doesn't interest meat eaters, or a vegan plate that's little more than an uninspired pile of vegetables,” Ronnen writes in their new cookbook, “Crossroads.” “Some still fall into the trap of thinking that vegetables or legumes need to be disguised as meat in order to be palatable.”
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
In other words, you won't find the hipster-favored cauliflower steaks at Ronnen's Los Angeles restaurant, also named Crossroads. Instead, their main courses center around vegetables that aren't disguised as burgers or steaks or other meaty dishes.
Rather, they deliver savory, meaty flavors on their own power, things like roasted shiitake mushrooms that pack in crispy baconesque flavor in a salad or pureeing yellow tomatoes into a creamy bearnaise sauce.
It's that sort of flavor that landed them catering gigs with serious star wattage. As in, Portia de Rossi and Ellen Degeneres' wedding and Oprah Winfrey's 21-day vegan challenge. And that same it-has-to-be-good-meat-or-not approach plays out in all their ventures, from the vegan menus they created at 24 restaurants for Wynn hotels in Las Vegas to their Crossroads restaurant, which they stress is Mediterranean first and vegan second, to their line of non-dairy cheeses.
He's the sort of chef who says there's something so exciting about vegetables that it keeps them up at night. Quite literally.
A few months ago when Ronnen couldn't sleep, they decided to reinvent “fruits de mer” featuring lobster mushrooms that they batter and fries, hearts of palm “calamari,” oyster shooters made from shitake mushrooms poached in olive oil and kombu seaweed, and a Crab Louie salad along with a smoked “lox” made of heirloom carrots and kelp caviar.
Two days later it was on the menu.
“People went crazy for it,” said Ronnen, who turned vegetarian as a teen, at time when the only veggie burgers available at the grocery store were dry mixes that had to be combined with water.
Still, they spend lots of time catering to the omnivore's palate. There are plenty of lentil dishes and healthy kale salads on their menu and featured in their latest cookbook.
And most of their restaurant guests are neither vegan, nor vegetarian. “They just like good food.”
“Often times there's a die-hard carnivore who's coming to the restaurant and that's not going to cut it for them, so diving into the pappardelle bolognese really wins them over,” Ronnen said.
Ronnen doesn't shy away from carb-heavy pastas the way many healthy eating restaurants do. There's no seaweed kelp “pasta.” Instead, all the pasta is handmade, including the chive fettucine with asparagus, morels and prosecco sauce and the cappellacci with spinach cream sauce made from cashews, all of which are featured in their cookbook.
They also have taken their popular pastas to the masses with two ricotta ravioli dishes sold as part of the Kite Hill brand they co-founded. The label has won over dairy loving skeptics with its smooth flavors and loyalty to the traditional cheese making process. Unlike most faux cheeses, Kite Hill ages its own almond milk just like dairy milk, adding enzymes and cultures without starches, gums and other preservatives. The result is a line of soft cheeses, cream cheeses and yogurts with a dead-on taste and texture.
Ronnen is an affable, soft-spoken yet passionate man who doesn't name drop, though they count plenty of celebrities among their fans, including Winfrey, who's eaten at their restaurant and also featured them on their show, and “Clueless” actor-turned-vegan-advocate Alicia Silverstone. They also helped the Pretenders' rocker Chrissie Hynde open a vegan restaurant in Akron, Ohio, several years ago.
It seems fitting that Ronnen, who has been at the epicenter of the plant-based food movement for decades, is ramping up their efforts now to take the cuisine to the masses.
Up next, he's hoping to expand their offerings at the grocer, whether it's salad kits or frozen soups and sauces. “Every day it seems like there are huge strides being made and it's fun to be part of a movement like that and really getting on the right side of history with food.”
MUSHROOM FARRO SOUP
This soup gets tons of flavor by using the scraps we normally throw away. The ends and bits you trim off are used to make the stock.
Start to finish 2 hours, 1 hour active
Serves 6
STOCK:
1½ cups reserved vegetable trimmings from the soup (see below): onion, celery, carrot, mushrooms and garlic
1 ounce dried shiitake mushrooms, rinsed
8 cups water
SOUP:
2 tablespoons grapeseed oil
1 tablespoon vegan butter
1 medium yellow onion, finely chopped
1 celery stalk, finely chopped
1 medium carrot, finely chopped
1 pound mixed mushrooms, such as cremini and shiitake, stemmed, washed and sliced
2 cloves garlic, minced
6 sprigs fresh thyme
1 sprig fresh rosemary
Kosher salt and ground black pepper
½ cup sweet Madeira wine
1 tablespoon sherry vinegar
½ cup farro, rinsed
Truffle salt (optional)
To prepare the stock, in a large saucepan over medium heat, combine the vegetable trimmings, dried shiitake mushrooms and water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer, covered, for 30 minutes. Remove the lid and simmer the stock for another 30 minutes.
Carefully pour the stock through a mesh strainer into a heat-safe container and use the back of a wooden spoon to press on the solids to extract as much flavor as possible. Discard the solids. You should have about 4 cups of stock. Set aside.
To prepare the soup, set a large stock pot over medium heat. Add the oil and vegan butter. When the butter has melted, add the onion, celery and carrot and cook, stirring, until the vegetables begin to soften, about 2 minutes. Add the mixed mushrooms, garlic, thyme and rosemary, season with salt and pepper, then turn the vegetables over with a spoon and cook until tender, about 5 minutes.
Pour in the Madeira and vinegar and stir until almost evaporated. Add the reserved stock and simmer, uncovered, until slightly reduced, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, prepare the farro. Set a dry, nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the farro and toast, shaking the pan periodically, until golden, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat.
Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the toasted farro, stir, then reduce the heat to medium. Simmer, uncovered, until the farro is tender, about 20 minutes. Drain through a mesh strainer, then stir the farro into the soup and simmer for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the thyme and rosemary sprigs.
Ladle the soup into serving bowls and sprinkle with truffle salt, if using.
PER SERVING: 190 calories, 60 calories from fat, 200 mg sodium, 24 g carbohydrate, 4 g fiber, 4 g sugar, 5 g protein.
– Recipe adapted from “Crossroads” by Tal Ronnen, Artisan, $35, 2015
Phu Hin Rong Kla National Park in Nakhon Thai district of Phitsanulok province has increased the entrance fee for foreign tourists from 200 baht to 400 baht each from Feb 1, a Public Relations Department report said.
Park chief Suwan Panunampa said the increase was in line with an announcement by the National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation Department that admission fees for foreigners should be brought into line at national parks throughout the country, effective Feb 1.
Entrance fees for visiting national parks have not been the same all over the country but vary depending on the location.
Phu Hin Rong Kla National Park previously charged foreigners 200 baht. This had been increased to 400 baht per visit.
The entry charge for Thai nationals remains 40 baht for adults and 20 baht for children.
Mr Suwan said they did not believe the increase would affect the overall number of tourists at the park, as fewer than 100 foreigners visited Phu Hin Rong Kla National Park last year.
The Oxford English Dictionary recently declared “selfie” as the word of the year, stating that the origins of the word date back to 2002. While the word “selfie” may have not been used until 2002 in this galaxy, the word and practice existed a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away…
Or at least it did according to the new Star Wars Instagram account. Twenty-one hours ago, the Star Wars franchise posted its first ever photo on Instagram, which just happened to be a selfie taken by Darth Vader. The force must have been strong with this post considering the fact that the Star Wars Instagram account has gained over 90,000 followers in less than one day.
The popularity of the account was spurred by even further use of social media, as the Star Wars Twitter account tweeted a message to all of its followers to promote its newest foray into promotion for the next movie set to be released in December of 2015:
Follow us at http://t.co/LxWVnCn9vC. It is useless to resist. pic.twitter.com/AiuJ6jwSKi — Star Wars (@starwars) December 2, 2013
While many have appreciated the selfie taken by Darth Vader, others have gone to the internet to critique their method. The most obvious flaw that many have pointed to is the fact that Vader failed to use the front-facing camera available on all smart phone devices these days, especially the iPhone which Vader seems to be championing (With Disney buying Lucasfilm, one could expect to see this relationship between Star Wars and Apple develop even further, hopefully leading to neat, new goodies). One could also point to the fact that Vader is also using a touchscreen phone with gloves on, or the fact that Vader forgot to use any filters to eliminate the fact that there are dead Stormtroopers in the background….
Whatever the beef, one cannot deny the happiness that is derived from the fact that Star Wars is already starting to promote its newest episode of the Star Wars franchise. Recent news from the Star Wars camp reported that J.J Abrams will now be working with Lawrence Kasdan in writing the script; Fans everywhere should rejoice at the news considering Kasdan was the writer for The Empire Strikes Back, easily the best movie of the 6-Star Wars films thus far.
Before Kasdan came aboard, Michael Arndt, writer for Little Miss Sunshine and Toy Story 3, was working on the script for Episode 7. One can only imagine Darth Vader as a space-cowboy dealing with suicidal tendencies.
[Image via Instagram
A still image taken from a video released on the internet by Islamic State-affiliated Amaq News Agency, on June 7, 2017, purports to show a man with a gun walking in office said to be inside Iranian parliament in Tehran, Iran. Social Media Website via Reuters TV
ANKARA (Reuters) - Iranian authorities have arrested 41 suspects in connection with this week's attacks in Tehran, the interior ministry said.
Islamic State claimed responsibility for the suicide bombings and gun attacks on parliament and the mausoleum of the Islamic Republic's founder, Ayatollah Khomeini, on Wednesday, that killed 17 people.
“With the help of security forces and families of the suspects, 41 people linked to the attacks and to Daesh (Islamic State) have been arrested in different provinces,” state TV quoted the interior ministry as saying. “Lots of documents and weaponry have been seized as well,” it added.
ICE flagged Santa Rosa man two weeks before they allegedly killed girlfriend
The Santa Rosa man suspected of killing their girlfriend Friday morning after a domestic disturbance was flagged by federal immigration authorities while in custody early this month.
Nery Israel Estrada-Margos, 38, turned themselves in at the Santa Rosa police station just before 7 a.m. Friday, telling authorities that they had beaten their girlfriend after an argument and feared they might be dead, police said.
Santa Rosa police officers went to the Russell Avenue apartment that Estrada-Margos shared with the victim, Veronica Cabrera Ramirez, 42, and found them body.
Estrada-Margos was booked in Sonoma County Jail on murder charges Friday. An autopsy for Cabrera Ramirez is scheduled today by the Sonoma County Coroner's Office.
Estrada-Margos was also arrested Aug. 2 for felony domestic battery after Cabrera Ramirez informed police about a July 31 incident. After they were fingerprinted and booked in Sonoma County Jail, Immigration and Customs Enforcement contacted jail officials and asked to be notified when they were released.
Estrada-Margos posted bail, set at $30,000, on Aug. 3. The Sheriff's Office notified ICE that day of their release, but federal agents did not come to the jail to pick them up.
The Sheriff's Office does not keep track of the number of times ICE agents come to the county jail to pick up inmates upon their release. But of the 139 responses to ICE requests for notification through July 31 this year, only a small percentage of inmates released were picked up by immigration authorities.
The Sheriff's Office has faced significant scrutiny over its cooperation with ICE at the county jail. The Independent Office of Law Enforcement Review and Outreach and county supervisors have pressed the Sheriff's Office to limit its response to notification requests from ICE.
Starting Friday, the same day as the homicide in Santa Rosa, interim Sheriff Rob Giordano changed their office's policy on interactions with ICE at the jail.
Federal immigration officials will now only receive responses to notification requests if a person has been convicted of a felony listed by the California Trust Act. The jail will cooperate when an inmate has been convicted of a Trust Act misdemeanor and 13 other crimes within the last five years. The additional misdemeanors, chosen by Giordano, include DUIs, battery and seven sex crimes relating to minors.
Estrada-Margos has no prior convictions, sheriff's spokesperson Sgt. Spencer Crum said. Had the new policy had been in place Aug. 3, jail officials would not have notified ICE about their release, Crum said.
Giordano met with the IOLERO Community Advisory Council Monday night to answer questions on immigration policy. Their predecessor, former Sheriff Steve Freitas, who retired July 31 for health reasons, never met with the advisory council, the only civilian oversight group over the Sheriff's Office.
The interim sheriff is set to be interviewed by the Board of Supervisors this morning before they vote on whether to appoint Giordano to serve out the remainder of Freitas' term through January 2019.
Neither the Sheriff's Office nor Santa Rosa police collects information on immigration status of those arrested and booked in jail. The Sheriff's Office does ask for place of birth on pre-booking forms, but is not releasing Estrada-Margos' country of origin at this time.
You can reach Staff Writer Nick Rahaim at 707-521-5203 or nick.rahaim@pressdemocrat.com. On Twitter @nrahaim.
Keras is a powerful deep learning meta-framework which sits on top of existing frameworks such as TensorFlow and Theano. Keras is highly productive for developers; it often requires 50% less code to define a model than native APIs of deep learning frameworks require (here's an example of LeNet-5 trained on MNIST data in Keras (71 lines) and TensorFlow (156 lines)). This productivity has made it very popular as a university and MOOC teaching tool, and as a rapid prototyping platform for applied researchers and developers.
Unfortunately, Keras is quite slow in terms of single-GPU training and inference time (regardless of the backend). It is also hard to get it to work on multiple GPUs without breaking its framework-independent abstraction.
Last week, the MXNet community introduced a release candidate for MXNet v0.11.0 with support for Keras v1.2. In this post I'll show you how to use Keras with the MXNet backend to achieve high performance and excellent multi-GPU scaling. To learn more about the MXNet v0.11.0 release candidate, check out this post on the Amazon Web Services AI blog.
Overcoming Keras Performance Limitations
The primitive operations that Keras uses to build a network graph are not always optimal relative to framework best practices. A good example of this is that achieving maximum performance with TensorFlow requires using different API calls than the ones shown in public TensorFlow examples. Keras constructs the graph for Resnet-50 more or less like the ResNet-50 implementation in the TensorFlow examples, while the highly-optimized model in TensorFlow's performance guide is quite different. The difference in training throughput (images per second) between these two ResNet-50 implementations is about a factor of two (when training on eight Tesla P100 GPUs, such as on an NVIDIA DGX-1). This is a significant difference. Given the fact that models such as ResNet-50 train for many hours even on a DGX-1, faster time to results means much higher productivity.
Multi-GPU Scaling
Using multiple GPUs is currently not officially supported in Keras using existing Keras backends (Theano or TensorFlow), even though most deep learning frameworks have multi-GPU support, including TensorFlow, MXNet, CNTK, Theano, PyTorch, and Caffe2.
Various developers have come up with workarounds for Keras's lack of native multi-GPU support, but none are officially supported by Keras. This raises concerns about API divergence and potential corner cases that have not been code reviewed by core Keras developers. Keras's official blog also demonstrates that by breaking the backend-independent abstraction and exposing TensorFlow's multi-GPU primitives, it's possible to get Keras to scale. Unfortunately this requires the user to understand the operation of the backend and its APIs, and exposes low-level operations such as multi-GPU gradient reduction to the user.
Better Performance with Keras and MXNet
Can we do better, leveraging Keras's high-level API, while still achieving good single-GPU performance and multi-GPU scaling? It turns out that the answer is yes, thanks to the MXNet backend for Keras, and MXNet's efficient data pipeline. As a motivating example, I'll show you how to build a fast and scalable ResNet-50 model in Keras.
First, make sure you have MXNet installed. You can easily install MXNet with GPU support using pip. For higher performance, though, I highly recommend building from source, because you can select C++ compiler flags and other options to optimize performance for your target architecture. This is also a preferable route if pip packages lag behind the source. This happens when a new version of CUDA is released and the build pipeline for the pip binaries hasn't caught up with the source.
Once you have MXNet installed, it's time to set up Keras. For this experiment, you will need Keras with MXNet support, to install Keras from a fork rather than the original repository. The MXNet Keras fork is maintained by the MXNet team, but for this example, I will use an NVIDIA fork of Keras which contains the ResNet-50 example developed for this blog post.
First, make sure you have SciPy installed, since Keras requires it. Then clone the Keras repository and install Keras.
pip install scipy git clone https://github.com/NVIDIA/keras.git cd keras python setup.py install
Note that should you wish to swap out backends, you just need to install another backend, say TensorFlow, and then change the backend framework from mxnet to tensorflow in ~/.keras/keras.json .
Data Preparation
Now that you have installed Keras with MXNet backend support, you need to download the ImageNet dataset and preprocess it into the MXNet-friendly RecordIO format. Create an ImageNet account to access the dataset. Upon creating the account, you will obtain a user ID and an access key. The following download script asks for the authentication information and where to store the data.
cd examples bash ./download_imagenet.sh
Please note that the ImageNet dataset is about 250 GB in compressed form, so this download can take a while.
Once you have downloaded and preprocessed the dataset, it's time to create the “.lst” files containing image metadata. Assuming that MXNet is installed in /opt/mxnet and the dataset resides in /data/imagenet , you can issue the following commands
python /opt/mxnet/tools/im2rec.py --list True --recursive True train /data/imagenet/train-jpeg python /opt/mxnet/tools/im2rec.py --list True --recursive True val /data/imagenet/val-jpeg
Now you need to create RecordIO images. The RecordIO format is able to wrap many images along with their metadata into a single large file. Since the ImageNet dataset is very large, this process takes some time. While performing the conversion, you can resize the images to a specific dimension, since the original images have non-uniform dimensions. I chose to resize to 480×480 pixels, with a target JPEG image quality of 95 (for more information about the JPEG quality factor, see here). If your machine has lots of CPU cores, you should increase the number of processing threads to the number of physical cores in the system. For example, the NVIDIA DGX-1 has two CPUs with 20 cores each, so I set the num-thread parameter to 40 .
python /opt/mxnet/tools/im2rec.py --resize 480 --quality 95 --num-thread 40 train /data/imagenet/train-jpeg python /opt/mxnet/tools/im2rec.py --resize 256 --quality 95 --num-thread 40 val /data/imagenet/val-jpeg
That's it! Now you're ready to train your model. The following Python script shows the source code for model training:
import keras import numpy as np from time import sys from keras.preprocessing.image import ImageDataGenerator, array_to_img, img_to_array, load_img def get_python_pipeline_data(path='cat.jpg', batch_size=32, img_size=[480, 480], reps=100): start = time() for rep in range(reps): batch = np.zeros((batch_size, img_size[0], img_size[1], 3)) for i in range(batch_size): img = load_img(path) batch[i, :, :, :] = img duration = time() - start im_sec = 1.0 / (duration / (reps * batch_size)) print("%.2f" % im_sec) def get_keras_pipeline_data(path='cat.jpg', batch_size=32, image_size=480, nclass=1000): datagen = ImageDataGenerator( rotation_range=0, width_shift_range=0.0, height_shift_range=0.0, shear_range=0.0, zoom_range=0.0, horizontal_flip=True, fill_mode='nearest') img = load_img(path) features = img_to_array(img) features = features.reshape((1,) + features.shape) labels=np.random.randint(low=0, high=nclass-1, size=1) start = time() ctr = 0 for batch in datagen.flow(features, labels, batch_size=batch_size, save_to_dir=None, save_prefix=None, save_format=None): ctr += 1 if ctr > 20: break duration = time() - start im_sec = 1.0 / ((time() - start) / (ctr * batch_size)) print("%.2f" % im_sec) def main(): print("Raw Python image pipeline:") get_python_pipeline_data() print("Keras image pipeline:") get_keras_pipeline_data() if __name__ == '__main__': main()
You will note that the get_data() function relies on an MXNet image iterator. To use TensorFlow's serialization format (TFRecord), which stores images and associated metadata in Protobuf format, you have to change this function to instead deserialize TFRecord files. It's possible to use TensorFlow's image I/O and MXNet's execution backend as well, since ultimately Keras expects the inputs to be in NumPy array format, so the image pipeline and deep learning backends can be mixed and matched.
The Importance of an Efficient Data Pipeline
As I discussed in the last section, you can swap out the image pipelines from different deep learning frameworks, while keeping the graph execution framework (e.g. MXNet) fixed. You could even skip the framework's image pipeline altogether, and instead use Pillow, OpenCV or other tools that read raw JPEGs and metadata text files to make the image pipeline backend-independent. Unfortunately, this is typically very slow compared to the frameworks' own pipelines, even for one GPU. There are multiple reasons for this:
The image processing routines are implemented in C++ (e.g. for Python's OpenCV wrapper), but the library control is in Python. Jumping back and forth between native code and the Python interpreter adds to the overhead.
The functions exposed in Python process one image at a time, requiring loops to batch up images. These are Python loops, and as many benchmarks show, Python code is often more than 10x slower than C++ code.
The Python interpreter has a global interpreter lock (GIL), preventing multiple Python threads from executing at once. Workarounds that allow Python users to benefit from multi-core machines, e.g. multiprocessing, tend to be slower than a single-process, multi-threaded application, because data has to be copied between processes rather than shared by threads in a single process.
As expected, doing just image decoding via Python and Keras is very slow. Batching the images manually in Python resulted in about 257 images per second on a DGX-1. Even using Keras's batching and augmentation wrapper (with augmentation disabled), which has some level of concurrency, only achieved 1,332 images per second. Meanwhile, MxNet's image pipeline can decode about 3,767 480×480 pixel JPEG images per second with an intermediate level of augmentation (random cropping, left-right flipping, etc.).
As I show in this post, the 8-GPU throughput for ResNet-50 with the optimized image pipeline is 1,417 images per second, so using a Python image pipeline would have severely reduced the performance, even without augmentation. Since ResNet-50 needs augmentation in order to converge to the stated top-1 and top-5 accuracy, one can only imagine how much slower it would have been if we added augmentation to the already slow Python-based image pipeline.
A Few Words about Multi-GPU
Note the model_agnostic_compile() wrapper in our ResNet-50 script.
def backend_agnostic_compile(model, loss, optimizer, metrics, args): if keras.backend._backend == 'mxnet': gpu_list = ["gpu(%d)" % i for i in range(args.num_gpus)] model.compile(loss=loss, optimizer=optimizer, metrics=metrics, context = gpu_list) else: if args.num_gpus > 1: print("Warning: num_gpus > 1 but not using MxNet backend") model.compile(loss=loss, optimizer=optimizer, metrics=metrics)
The specification of the list of GPUs to use is specific to MXNet's fork of Keras, and does not exist as an option when using other backends such as TensorFlow or Theano. Hence, this wrapper permits the user to benefit from multi-GPU performance using MXNet, while keeping the model fully general for other backends.
A word of caution: the data batch provided by the image pipeline is based on a global batch size that gets divided into shards if there are multiple GPUs. Therefore running the same model on a single GPU in another framework may blow up with an out of memory exception. The solution is simple: divide the global batch by the number of GPUs used previously to obtain the batch size adequate for one GPU. It's also possible to configure a script that takes the per-GPU batch size and determines the global batch size based on the number of GPUs specified by the user. In this case, the model should not run out of memory on a single GPU, and should simply run faster on multiple GPUs.
Performance Results
Figure 1 compares the Keras model training performance using the MXNet backend to a reference model written using MXNet's native API.
Keras performance is a bit worse than if we implemented the same model using the native MXNet API, but it's not too far off. For a single GPU, the difference is about 15%. For 8 GPUs, it is 30%. However, for many users, the research and development productivity gain from Keras's convenient abstractions outweighs this small slowdown. Performance with MXNet's efficient image pipeline and fast and scalable backend is very good compared to running Keras training using a naive Python image pipeline (running Pillow or OpenCV and batching examples via the user's script). For ResNet-50, Keras's multi-GPU performance on an NVIDIA DGX-1 is even competitive with training this model using some other frameworks' native APIs.
These results were obtained on an NVIDIA DGX-1 system with 8 Pascal GPUs and the following system details.
​CPUs: 2x Intel Xeon CPU E5-2698 v4 @ 2.20GHz (20 cores per socket, 40 cores total)
GPUs: 8x Tesla P100
Interconnect: NVLink between 4 GPUs attached to a given PCIe root complex (4 GPUs per CPU), QPI interconnect between CPUs
512 GB RAM
Keras 1.2.1
MxNet 0.10.1
CUDA 8
cuDNN 6
base OS: Ubuntu 16.04 LTS
NVIDIA Driver 384
gcc 5.4.0
Try Keras with MXNet Today
After reading this post, I hope you can see that Keras is not only a productive way to develop deep learning models, but it can train them fast on multi-GPU machines like NVIDIA DGX-1 using the MXNet backend.
To learn more about the MXNet v0.11.0 release candidate with support for Keras v1.2, check out this post on the Amazon Web Services AI blog.
UAE film fans have a rare, one-off chance to catch recent Oscar-winner Moonlight uncut and in the cinema.
Following a headline-grabbing mix-up, director Barry Jenkins was eventually handed the Academy Award for Best Picture on Sunday (February 26). But due to film's mature content and explicit nature, it is unlikely to get a full cinematic release in the UAE. If it does appear, the film — which won three Oscars in total — is likely to be highly edited.
However, cinephiles' hangout The Screen Club had already scheduled a one-off screening of Moonlight's “full artistic cut”, taking place at Dubai's Vox Mall of the Emirates on March 15, at 8pm.
While the screening is only open to members, a one-month membership — costing Dh100 for tickets to two film screenings and one food and film event — was recently introduced.
Passes will be available from March 1. But get clicking quick, because following the recent awards haul — which also includes Oscars for Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Supporting Actor for Mahershala Ali, and an earlier Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture, Drama — the screening is likely to be over-subscribed.
Head to www.thesceneclub.com for more
rgarratt@thenational.ae
Gracepoint alumna Virginia Kull is set for a recurring role opposite Giovanni Ribisi on the upcoming Amazon drama series Sneaky Pete. It revolves around Marius (Ribisi), a con man who after leaving prison takes cover from their past by assuming the identity of their cellmate, Pete. They move in with Pete's unsuspecting family and is roped into the family's bail bond business. In order to keep the charade up, they play the part of a skip tracer, taking down criminals worse than themselves — and discovering a family life he's never had. Kull will play Katie Boyd. who used to run cons with Marius. They have left that life and now is married with an adopted daughter, living a life of normalcy until the day Marius shows up on their doorstep asking for their help. Kull most recently wrapped HBO's Big Little Lies and David Lynch's Twin Peaks. Before that, they were a series regular on Fox's Gracepoint. She's repped by Innovative and Sanders Armstrong Caserta.
Related2016 Amazon Studios Pilots
Brittany Curran (Dear White People) is set for a major recurring role on the second season of Syfy's drama series The Magicians. Based on the bestselling novels from Lev Grossman, The Magicians centers on Quentin (Jason Ralph), a brilliant grad student chosen to attend Brakebills College for Magical Pedagogy, a secret Upstate New York university specializing in magic. Curran will play Fen, the Fillorian wife of Eliot (Hale Appleman). Curran recently recurred on NBC's Chicago Fire and Freeform's Twisted. She's repped by Don Buchwald & Associates, Luber Roklin Entertainment and attorney Mark Temple.
Ashley Mears wrote a sociological study of fashion models after being one
There's a long tradition among academics of embedding in an occupation to study it. In the middle of the last century, social psychologist Marie Jahoda worked in an English paper factory to learn about about the lives of factory girls. More recently, sociologist Loïc Wacquant studied boxers by becoming one, while Sudhir Venkatesh spent seven years with a gang in the Chicago projects. One academic worked as a cotton picker, another entered prison as an inmate.
Ashley Mears embedded as a model. Then an NYU grad student in sociology, Mears had an idea what they were in for. She'd modeled in college, and knew that they still met the narrow physical requirements for the job. But this time around, they took notes after walking runways and attending casting calls. They interviewed other models as well as the industry tastemakers who hire them–agents, designers, magazine editors. Them new book, Pricing Beauty, offers a mostly grim picture of what's endured by those trying to make a living off their looks. Models are utterly dispensable, in Mears' telling: They labor at the mercy of inscrutable bosses, lousy pay, and punishing physical requirements. And for most of them, that's how the job will remain until they retire at the ripe old age of, say, 26.
Like actors and musicians, models work in a winner-take-all market, in which a few people reap rewards disproportionate to their talent, and everyone else scrapes by. This trend has become more exaggerated since the ‘90s, Mears writes, as the market has become glutted with young women from around the world, leading to greater turnover and plummeting pay rates. Would-be models are “scooped up, tried out, and spit out in rapid succession,” they write.
Through interviews, Mears investigated the financial state of the (unnamed) small modeling firm they worked for in Manhattan. * They found that 20 percent of the models on the agency's books were in debt to the agency. Foreign models, in particular, seem to exist in a kind of indentured servitude, they write, often owing as much as $10,000 to their agencies for visas, flights, and test shoots, all before they even go on their first casting call. And once a model does nab a job, the pay is often meager. Mears themselves walked runways, sat for photo shoots for an online clothing catalog, modeled for designers in showrooms, and went on countless unpaid casting calls. During their first year of research they worked mornings, evenings, and weekends around their graduate classes and earned about $11,000.
Why do so many models operate against their own economic interests? Mears details how, in the fashion world, there is typically an inverse relationship between the prestige of a job and how much the model gets paid. A day-long shoot for Vogue pays a paltry $150, for instance, while a shoot for Britain's influential i-D magazine, which Mears calls “one of the most sought-after editorial clients for a model,” pays absolutely nothing, not even the cost of transportation or a copy of the magazine for the model's portfolio.
The alternative to high-fashion poverty is to be a “money girl,” working for catalogs and in showroom fittings, jobs that pay well and reliably. The best-paid model at Mears' agency, for instance, was a 52-year-old showroom model with “the precise size 8 body needed to fit clothing for a major American retailer. They make $500/hour and works every day.” But the commercial end of modeling is widely derided within the industry as low-rent, as mere work without glamour. Once a model has done too many commercial jobs, they are thought to have cheapened herself, and it's exceedingly difficult for them to return to high fashion.
So many models operate against their short-term interests, hoping that by investing time now they will hit pay dirt later in the form of fame and a high-paying luxury ad campaign. The catch is that there simply isn't much time to invest; the older a model gets, the more they “exudes failure,” Mears writes. They quote a 23-year-old model who'd been instructed by their agency to say they were 19: “They said it's like when you go to the grocery store to buy milk, which milk carton would you want, one that is going to expire tomorrow or one that will expire next week?”
The funny thing is that even though Mears knew the odds were against her, and despite their academic ambitions, she, too, found themselves drawn in by the fantasy that the big time was just around the corner. In their mid-20s, they were ancient by industry standards, but they kept modeling for almost three years after their re-entry into the field, well after they had enough material for the dissertation that would later become this book. Each phone call they got from their booker, ordering them to hustle across town right now to a casting, felt like the phone call that might change their fate. (Which begs the question, if even Mears could be seduced by the industry, what chance does a poor girl from rural Brazil have?)
“It's the lottery,” Mears told me recently over tea at a West Village coffee shop. Now 30, still lithe and luminous in that otherworldly model way, she's an assistant professor of sociology at Boston University. “You realize that the probability is slight but the possibility is so enticing.”
There are a number of academics studying the modeling life right now. As a subject for scholarly study the topic may seem slight, but then again, there's been an explosion in what might be termed “girly” studies—looking at the work of strippers and Playboy bunnies, for instance—going back at least as far as the popularity of Madonna studies 20 years ago.
“I just got a request to review an academic paper of lap dancers,” said Elizabeth Wissinger, a CUNY sociology professor who has interviewed models for their own book on the industry, which she's currently writing.
The title of Mears' book, Pricing Beauty, refers to their scholarly efforts to understand who or what determines a given model's chances of success in a field glutted with gorgeous people. How does this winner-take-all market produce winners? Why does one tall, underweight, astonishingly beautiful young woman become the face of Chanel No. 5, while another languishes, doing minor magazine shoots that pay little and never catapult them to fame? Those in the industry like to imagine that there is something inevitable about the outcome. When Mears asked how they knew what made a winner, industry tastemakers explained that such models had an ineffable quality, a je ne sais quoi, that elevated them above the rest. “You know, you just know!” a stylist told Mears.
“It's like asking the meaning of life,” a booker explained.
But as Mears discovers, the truth is that success in high-fashion modeling has a lot more to do with marketing and chance than it does with the ineffable. In a field saturated with models who have the right measurements and the right skin tone and the right “edgy” looks, bookers and casting agents and stylists and editors engage in a merry-go-round of imitation and blind guesswork, with everyone trying to anticipate what everyone else will like. Once a fresh new face is anointed, clients scramble to nab them for shoots and shows, proclaiming that they, too, see that special something. Mears likens the process to “The Emperor's New Clothes.”
Becky Conekin, who teaches history at Yale and is studying what the modeling industry looked like in Great Britain during the middle of the 20th century, told me that their work is a “feminist project of recovery”—that taking models seriously is a way of taking women seriously, wherever we might find them. In a similar spirit, Mears' book, which is heavy on both economic analysis and tales of nobody strivers, gives voice to a group of women who are paid to be seen and not heard. Instead of focusing on the rise of the industry's few Coco Rocha-level superstars, they are interested in young women like Liz, whose story illuminates the very bad odds an aspiring model faces. * After dropping out of college to pursue their career, Liz spends years hustling for little pay in high fashion before finally succeeding in shampoo ads. But even then they are without health insurance. When they develop a stomach tumor, they must declare bankruptcy and move back in with their parents in New Jersey. There Mears finds her, at age 27, without a college degree, training to become a yoga teacher.
Mears' own foray into modeling has its own anticlimactic ending, a dismissal from their agency via a casual email (subject: “Hey Doll!!!”), offering little explanation. They get one last check, for the grand sum of $150.
Correction, Sept. 7, 2011: This article originally stated that Mears had access to the books of the modeling firm they worked for. They did not. Instead, they compiled information on models' earnings through interviews. (Return to the corrected sentence.)
Correction, Sept. 8, 2011: This article originally misspelled the first name of model Coco Rocha. (Return to the corrected sentence.)
Does your child really have a behaviour disorder? A shocking book by a leading therapist reveals how millions of us - including children - are wrongly labelled with psychiatric problems
From depression to anxiety and ADHD, more of us now suffer from mental health problems and need pills to treat them — or so we're told. But in this shocking indictment of modern psychiatry, JAMES DAVIES suggests that this rise in mental illness is down to the greed of drug companies and the pursuit of medical status. The author is a psychological therapist who has worked for the NHS and the mental health charity Mind.
When I meet Sarah Jones, a mother of two and a care worker in West London, their love for their family and work clearly shine through. But when we talk about their seven-year-old son Dominic, they seems overcome with anxiety.
‘Dominic is a lovely boy, but last year they started getting agitated and aggressive. They were doing badly at school and then they got into a fight,' they say.
The school psychologist wanted Dominic to have a doctor's assessment. After seeing the boy for 25 minutes, the doctor said they were suffering from attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, or ADHD.
(Stock image) James Davies believes that doctors are too quick to diagnose children with disorders such as ADHD
‘Dominic is on pills,' says Sarah. ‘He seems less distracted sometimes, but they also don't seem themselves either. It feels as if a part of their spirit has gone.' Sarah's distress is palpable.
Year on year, increasing numbers of children like Dominic are having mental disorders such as ADHD diagnosed. In the past ten years, ADHD diagnoses have risen so sharply that around 5 per cent of children in Europe are thought to have it.
This vaulting rise in ADHD is consistent with a growth in childhood psychiatric disorders. It's estimated up to 15 per cent of children falls under the criteria of a diagnosable mental disorder in any year.
These figures pale in comparison with those for the adult population. On the subject of ‘psychiatric morbidity', the UK Office for National Statistics reckons that in any given year a quarter of all adults qualify as suffering from at least one disorder.
James Davies has written on the subject of the medicalisation of psychological issues
This is as defined in manuals such as the psychiatrists' ‘bible', the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) or its close equivalent, the International Classification of Diseases (ICD), which they use as the basis of making diagnoses.
In the Fifties, the figure was more like one in 100. So why in just a few decades have we apparently all become so psychiatrically unwell?
The explanation lies in an unhappy truth at the heart of mainstream psychiatric practice: much of the profession's claimed knowledge about diagnosing mental illness is scientifically baseless.
Unlike in other areas of medicine, where a doctor can conduct a blood or urine test to determine whether they have reached the correct diagnosis, in psychiatry no such methods exist.
Such scientifically objective tests don't exist because psychiatry has yet to identify any clear biological causes for most disorders listed in the DSM, which has grown bigger and bigger with each edition.
When we look into the manual's origins, we uncover some disturbing evidence.
I interviewed Dr Robert Spitzer, the Columbia University psychiatrist, who was in charge of compiling the third edition of the DSM, which set the trend for modern psychiatric practice. When it was published in 1980, it became a sensation and sold out immediately.
In the manual, their team had defined 80 new mental disorders. These became household terms. For example, post-traumatic stress disorder and major depression became as real in the popular imagination as the common cold.
In Britain, the manual had such impact that by the end of the Eighties most British psychiatrists were being trained to use it.
Yet, as its influence spread, the truth about its construction remained obscure. Most professionals using it didn't know the extent to which biological evidence or solid research failed to guide the choices its authors made.
SCIENCE? NO, IT'S A SHAMBLES
When I spoke to Dr Spitzer, they told me matter of factly: ‘There are only a handful of mental disorders in the DSM known to have a clear biological cause. These are known as the organic disorders [such as epilepsy and Alzheimer's]. These are few and far between.'
‘So, let me get this clear,' I pressed. ‘There are no discovered biological causes for many of the remaining mental disorders in the DSM.'
There are only a handfull of disorders that are actually biological, but these are few and far between
They replied: ‘It's not for many, it's for any! No biological markers have been identified.'
In other words, the definitions were based purely on what the committee who drew up the DSM-III decided should go in. And these discussions were far from rigorous.
Renee Garfinkel, a psychologist who participated in two committees that helped to compile the DSM-III, told me: ‘What I saw happening on these committees wasn't scientific — it more resembled a group of friends trying to decide where they want to go for dinner.
‘One person says “I feel like Chinese food,” and another one says “No, no, I'm really more in the mood for Indian.” Finally, after some discussion and collaborative give and take, they all decide to have Italian.
‘On one occasion there was a discussion about whether a particular behaviour should be classed as a symptom of a particular disorder.
‘To my astonishment, one committee member piped up: “Oh no, no, we can't include that behaviour as a symptom, because I do that.”
‘So it was decided that behaviour would not be included because, presumably, if someone on the committee does it, it must be normal.'
Allen Frances, who led the compiling of the next edition, DSM-IV, has seen how this process of adding new diagnoses can run out of control.
The fourth manual added Asperger's syndrome (covering people who don't have full-blown autism), ADHD and bipolar II — broadly speaking, a milder form of bipolar disorder, or manic depression as it used to be known, in which the ‘up' swings never reach full-blown mania.
‘These decisions helped promote three false epidemics in psychiatry,' they told me.
‘We now have a rate of autism that is 20 times what it was 15 years ago. By adding bipolar II, that has resulted in lots more use of anti-psychotic and mood- stabiliser drugs.
‘We also have rates of ADHD that have tripled, partly because new drug treatments were released that were aggressively marketed.'
TURNING GRIEF INTO AN ILLNESS
This month we are due to see the publication of a new edition, called DSM-5. ‘The situation is only going to get worse,' Frances told me.
‘DSM-5 is suggesting changes that will dramatically expand the realm of psychiatry and narrow the realm of normality — converting millions more people from being without mental disorders to being psychiatrically sick.
‘It will have many unintended consequences, which will be very harmful. I am particularly concerned about those that will lead to the excessive use of medication.'
DSM-5 proposes to make ordinary grief a mental disorder. Feelings of deep sadness, loss, sleeplessness, crying, inability to concentrate, tiredness and low appetite, if they continue for more than two weeks after the death of a loved one, could warrant a diagnosis of depression.
Frances is also worried by the new ‘generalised anxiety disorder', which threatens to turn the pains and disappointments of everyday life into mental illness.
Then there is ‘disruptive mood dysregulation disorder', which will see children's tantrums become symptoms of disorder.
Wherever this manual is used we can expect vaulting numbers of people to become yet more statistical droplets in the ever expanding pool of the mentally unwell.
They will very often then be prescribed drugs. With conditions such as depression, those drugs are purported to remedy so-called ‘chemical imbalances' in the brain.
Putting labels on people is that it ends up medicalising problems that are not medical in nature. Dr Sami Timimi, psychiatrist
But despite nearly 50 years of investigation into the theory that chemical imbalances are the cause of psychiatric problems, studies in respected journals have concluded that there is not one piece of convincing evidence the theory is actually correct.
And if the evidence for the biological causes of this growing number of mental health conditions is almost non-existent, the evidence for the drugs being used to treat them is also most often unconvincing.
This is particularly true of anti-depressants. The pharmaceutical industry makes more than £13 billion worldwide each year from anti-depressants. Doctors are convinced of their effectiveness. But solid scientific research shows otherwise.
To find out why, I visited Professor Irving Kirsch, an associate director at Harvard Medical School and perhaps the most talked-about figure in antidepressant research.
Kirsch's reputation stems from an analysis they performed that gathered all the clinical studies they could find that compared the effects of anti-depressants to sugar-pill placebos on depressed patients. They pooled all the results to get an overall figure, which led to a startling conclusion.
‘What we expected to find was that people who took the antidepressant would do far better than those taking the placebo. We couldn't have been more wrong,' said Kirsch.
In fact, the difference in improvement between placebo and anti-depressant groups was clinically insignificant. So why are so many psychiatric drugs prescribed when the evidence underpinning them is so scant, and when the illnesses diagnosed have no biological basis?
GlaxoSmithKline settled out of courand paid $2.5million for charges of consumer fraud after the Seroxat scandal
Nearly all research into psychiatric drugs is sponsored by the pharmaceutical industry. This has led to the compromise of scientific standards, and the manipulation of research with the aim of maintaining or increasing profits.
In one notorious example, the British company GlaxoSmithKline conducted three studies of its anti-depressant, Seroxat. These investigated whether this drug could reduce major depression in adolescents.
One trial showed mixed results, another that Seroxat was no more effective than a placebo, while the third suggested the placebo may be more effective with certain children.
A COVER-UP BY THE DRUG GIANTS
Despite these results, the company published only the most positive study. An internal company document, leaked to the Canadian Medical Association, showed that company officials had suppressed negative results from one study because, as they said: ‘It would be commercially unacceptable'.
A U.S. lawsuit was filed against GlaxoSmithKline in 2004 for intentionally hiding negative findings.
This was settled out of court two months later when the company paid $2.5 million for charges of consumer fraud; a meagre sum considering it made $4.97 billion in worldwide sales from the drug in 2003.
GlaxoSmithKline claimed that Seroxat had positive results when in fact it had failed several tests
It's hardly an isolated case. An article published by the New England Journal of Medicine in 2008 reviewed more than 70 major studies of antidepressants' efficacy and found 33 that showed negative results had been buried or manipulated to convey a positive outcome.
But pharmaceutical companies' influence runs deep. In the past 20 years the industry has become a major financial sponsor of psychiatry, with unprecedented influence over psychiatric practice and research.
Nearly all research into psychiatric drugs is pharmaceutically financed. Nearly 90 per cent of all clinical trials in the UK are conducted or commissioned by the industry.
The influence of drug companies also reaches into the latest editions of the psychiatrists' bible. A study by the University of Massachusetts showed that of the 170 panel
members of DSM-IV, 95 (or 56 per cent) had one financial association or more with the pharmaceutical industry.
This trend has continued with the writers of the forthcoming DSM-5. Of the 29 members of the task force that oversees it, 21 — including the chairperson and vice-chairperson — have received consultancy fees or funding from pharmaceutical firms.
Cracked by James Davies is out on Thurdsday
Funding psychiatrists at the top of the professional pyramid is a strategy essential to how the pharmaceutical industry markets its pills.
Companies know they must recruit senior psychiatrists to convince less senior doctors to spread the message to medical students, junior doctors, primary care physicians and GPs.
In fact, the vast majority of antidepressants are prescribed by GPs, not psychiatrists.
But there is one positive trend. A small band of vociferous psychiatrists is beginning to question the ‘more diagnoses and drugs' approach. One is Dr Sami Timimi, a consultant psychiatrist and director of medical education in the NHS.
They told me: ‘The current framework of diagnoses doesn't help patients at all. In fact, it seems to do the opposite.'
What the evidence shows, according to Timimi, is that what matters most in mental healthcare is not diagnosing problems and prescribing medication, but developing meaningful relationships with sufferers with the aim of cultivating insight into their problems. Sometimes the right care means giving drugs, but often it does not.
The problem with putting labels on people, they believe, is that it ends up medicalising problems that are not medical in nature.
This isn't helped by successive expansions of the DSM and ICD, which encourage practitioners to wrongly medicalise more and more emotional troubles as mental disorders.
Photo Credit: t1ggr
Dependencies. They're knotty, and there really is no straight-forward, one-size-fits all solution.
Dependency hell is a colloquial term for the frustration of some software users who have installed software packages which have dependencies on specific versions of other software packages. —Wikipedia
I recently saw a comment on GitHub:
When I run [the tests] they always pass, but that is because they import the package from [the package path] and not my local fork.
What's going on here?
In order to illustrate the problem, imagine the following hypothetical scenario.
Hellø, Wørld
You're using my sophisticated library, which translates English into Norwegish.
package main import ( "fmt" "github.com/kytrinyx/norwegish" ) func main() { fmt.Println(norwegish.Translate("Hello, World!")) }
You realize that the output is, incorrectly, Hellø, Wørld, so you fork my project in order to fix it so that it uses the correct translation, Hellø Vørld.
You go get your fork, and run the tests. As expected, they're passing.
Then you add a test for the Vørld case, and (as expected) it fails.
Finally, you change the code to fix the bug and run the tests, but—no dice—they're still failing.
Import Paths and $GOPATH
If you look closely at my test suite, it tests the package from the outside, black-box style, importing the norwegish package using the github.com/kytrinyx/norwegish import path, just like you would in any other application.
In other words, the tests are using the code which you already have on your system at $GOPATH/src/github.com/kytrinyx/norwegish .
The tests in your fork are still importing the original package, which doesn't have the fix. You could manually change the import path, but that would be tedious and error prone.
The key is to use multiple remotes.
Mine, Yours, Origin, Upstream
Everything works out if you have both the original and your fork living on your system in the directory corresponding to the original's import path.
When you first go get or clone a repository, you will have a single remote, with the default name origin.
$ cd $GOPATH/src/github/kytrinyx/norwegish $ git remote -v origin https://github.com/kytrinyx/norwegish (fetch) origin https://github.com/kytrinyx/norwegish (push)
You can add new remotes at will. This is good when you want to try out some random person's patch on a project:
$ git remote add rando1 git@github.com:random-person1/norwegish.git $ git remote add rando2 git@github.com:random-person2/norwegish.git
Then you can git fetch rando1 and check out branches based on their code.
Handy.
In this case, what we want is your fork as the secondary:
$ git remote add fork git@github.com:you/norwegish.git
Now you'll have two remotes, origin and fork :
$ git remote -v fork git@github.com:you/norwegish.git (fetch) fork git@github.com:you/norwegish.git (push) origin https://github.com/kytrinyx/norwegish (fetch) origin https://github.com/kytrinyx/norwegish (push)
With this setup, the tests will pass, because your fix lives at the correct import path.
Side Note
I like to use the remote name origin for my version of a project, and upstream for the upstream that I forked it from, but I'm somewhat obsessed with naming and consistency. If you have unhealthy obsessions too, you can remove and re-add remotes:
$ git remote rename origin upstream $ git remote rename fork origin
Branching and Pull Requests
Assuming that the kytrinyx/norwegish repo is at origin , and your fork is at fork , you can use all the usual branching shenanigans for creating a pull request:
git checkout -b fix-capital-w-bug git commit add -m "Translate capital W to capital V" git push fork fix-capital-w-bug
… and then easily reset master so you don't get out of sync:
git fetch origin git reset --hard origin/master
It turns out this is not too complicated after all.
About Katrina Owen:
Katrina is obsessed with refactoring, idiomatic code, and naming things.  They are the creator of Exercism.io, an open source application that combines practice problems with crowd-sourced mentorship, which is written mostly in Ruby and Go.
Secretary of State Michele Reagan talks about the presidential preference election, Monday, April 4, 2016. (Photo: Tom Tingle/The Republic) Story Highlights The manual describes in layperson's terms how to properly carry out elections
The secretary of state is required to submit it to the governor and attorney general at least 90 days before each election
UPDATE: A Chandler attorney has filed a complaint against Secretary of State Michele Reagan over their decision to not revamp the state's official election-procedures manual for poll workers ahead of the 2016 primary and general elections.
In a letter Thursday, attorney Tom Ryan asked Attorney General Mark Brnovich to force Reagan to reissue the manual, or to refer the matter to the special prosecutor who is already investigating Reagan's failure to mail publicity pamphlets in advance of last month's special election.
Ryan also asks Brnovich to "take all actions" necessary to ensure the "integrity of Arizona's elections."
The secretary of state is required to issue the manual no later than 30 days before each election, according to state law, and submit it to the governor and the attorney general at least 90 days ahead of each election.
"She's incapable of running this office," said Ryan, who also targeted Reagan on the pamphlet issue and has called for them impeachment.
The manual, referred to as the “Election Bible” by poll workers, describes in layperson's terms how to carry out elections. It includes directions on the use of election equipment and instructions ranging from how to assist voters to how to establish polling places and handle spoiled ballots.
Spokesmen for Reagan and Brnovich did not immediately respond to The Arizona Republic's request for comment.
Matt Roberts, a spokesperson for Reagan, said earlier this week the office will not issue a new manual. They said by the office's reading of the law, the manual should be in place before each election — but it doesn't have to be new or revised. Election workers will be working off a 2014 manual.
But in their letter, Ryan wrote state law mandates the manual must be reissued and accused Reagan of "flouting" the law.
"The Secretary of State's willful nonfeasance of duties not only impairs the goal of having fair and lawful elections in Arizona, but is also a failure" of duty. Their letter cites state law that says any official who knowingly refuses to perform an election-related duty could violate the law — a felony.
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
On Wednesday, Reagan issued a statement explaining their decision, which came as a surprise to some election officials and poll workers. They wrote their office is running four statewide elections this year, "and 2016 did not seem the appropriate time to be rewriting any election-related" procedures.
“Arizona law requires that there be an Election Procedures Manual in place before each election, not a new or revised manual," their statement said. "This Manual represents the policies and procedures all of our local officials and poll workers have been trained to execute. Now is not a prudent time to have to retrain these workers."
Reagan stated they will begin meetings in spring 2017 to solicit input on how to update the manual, which they intend to reissue by the end of 2017 "to reflect changing trends in voting and the policies and procedures related to our system of elections."
The issue arises as Reagan's office is entangled in controversy over its failure to send publicity pamphlets to nearly 200,000 households in advance of the May 17 special election — and only acknowledging the error two weeks later after a media report. The pamphlet problem is the subject of the ongoing inquiry by the special prosecutor.
Scrutiny of Arizona elections has also been heightened because of the long waits to vote, shortage of ballots and inadequate staffing at Maricopa County's 60 polling locations during the March presidential-preference election.
“Would we like to have it? Absolutely,” Yavapai County Recorder Leslie Hoffman said regarding an updated elections manual. “But it will still be business as usual.”
Hoffman said they and other county elections officials from around the state met to come up with suggestions for an updated manual, as they have done in recent years. They said they submitted their suggestions to the Secretary of State's Office and were told the office was too busy to revamp the manual.
“Would it be nice to have one? Yes, but this isn't the end of the world. It's one of those things where we'll just use what we have.” Karen Osborne, Maricopa County elections director
The manual, Hoffman said, “is really beneficial for newer elections officials. ... If there's a new law that's been implemented that we have a question on, we have our attorneys that we go to, our county attorneys, and we also have each other.”
They said state officials have told local elections officials they were unable to get a manual updated because they were "just busy."
The manual was last issued in 2014 under former Secretary of State Ken Bennett. Versions were issued in 2013 and 2010 prior to that, Roberts said.
Bennett, reached by phone Tuesday, said their approach was always to improve the election procedures — with input from county election officials.
“We never interpreted it (state statute) as an option of whether you could do it; it was always a ‘shall,' ” they said. “Our interpretation was that it wasn't an option to just leave it the way it was, or, I guess if you thought it was perfect the way it was before, then you would resubmit it before the next cycle."
Karen Osborne, elections director for Maricopa County, said they were under the impression the Secretary of State's Office would issue an updated manual ahead of the primary election.
"I didn't know until today there wasn't going to be one," they said Tuesday. "Would it be nice to have one? Yes, but this isn't the end of the world. It's one of those things where we'll just use what we have."
Follow the reporter on Twitter @yvonnewingett and on Facebook. Reach them at yvonne.wingett@arizonarepublic.com or 602-444-4712.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1XaWWA7
Just last month, the Texas state Board of Education was exposed for approving racist textbooks that whitewash history while shaming Latinos as “lazy drunks.” Now some BOE members are kicking their right-wing policies up a notch by renewing efforts to undermine the teaching of evolution.
Last year, the BOE agreed that they would “streamline” the science standards and this July educators and scholars met to discuss their recommendations for what those standards should be, Kathy Miller of the Texas Freedom Network wrote in the El Paso Times. Anti-science creationists are already complaining about it, even though the panel hasn't come to any final decisions.
The panel did decide, however, to cut any anti-evolution references that biologists and other scientists have called inaccurate and unscientific. That's where the anti-science activists are launching their protests.
(READ MORE: Creationist debates an atheist on evolution outside Ark museum — and gets utterly humiliated)
One such activist is Ray Bohlin, an associate of two national anti-evolution organizations Probe Ministries and the Discovery Institute. They take issue with the “quick and concerted” effort to remove any challenge to evolution from science textbooks. They want biology textbooks to include some form of information about the religious oppositions creationists hold with evolution.
Bohlin managed to recruit state board members to join in their quest, even going so far as to claim that removing any mention of creationist opinions in science would somehow prevent students from being able to ask questions in classes. (A false claim). They further claimed the majority of the committee was engaged in “a quick and concerted effort by the majority of the committee to remove the Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills (TEKS).”
“I don't advocate for any kind of creationism to be taught in the school. That does not belong in the TEKS. I'm simply concerned about the fair representation of the evidence for evolution,” said Bohlin.
However, Bohlin's affiliated group Probe Ministries outlines a philosophical theory often touted by religious groups that “something doesn't come from nothing” to refute the Big Bang Theory. It outlines many theological perspectives on how the universe formed, however. This includes the Gap Theory which their site explains that the Earth “became formless and void, suggesting that God's original creation was marred (perhaps by the fall of Satan) and then God recreated it in six literal days.”
Bohlin's other affiliated group, Discovery Institute, touts the Intelligent Design theory which says the Earth and the universe was designed by an intelligent creator.
“It was disturbing to hear such attacks on the professionalism of the educators and scholars who volunteered to serve as panelists,” Miller said. “Even more appalling is that one of the panel's critics, state board member Barbara Cargill, R-The Woodlands, had earlier tried to stack the deck against evolution on that same panel.”
The Texas Freedom Network obtained emails through Freedom of Information Act request that showed Cargill was not only an anti-science evolution denier but they wanted to stack the panel with as many of their people as possible.
The anti-science panelists failed to persuade the rest of the panel and as a result, Miller says they've now turned to attacking science teachers and other experts who sit on the panel.
One expert on the panel, Ron Wetherington, is an evolutionary anthropologist at Southern Methodist University. In a letter of concern sent to the board members following their meeting, they implored them to stand firm from political pressures and simply look at the science.
Texas has been fighting this battle since the 1990s when activists went after health textbooks that talked about contraception, sexually transmitted diseases and gender roles. A few years later they tried to censor social studies textbooks that discussed slavery and showed photos of minorities. Another fight erupted when activists fought to have the Earth's age listed by Biblical estimations, not scientific ones determined by geologists. When their efforts failed, the Texas Legislature passed a law restricting the BOE's power to oppose textbooks based on ideological concerns. They even tried to go after evolution in 2013.
Texas currently ranks 43rd in rankings for education, according to Quality Counts 2016 report.
Similar fights have happened in both Kansas and Louisiana. In the Kansas case, a federal court denied Christian groups that attempted to label evolution a “religion” and thus should not be taught in schools.
Rick Porcello was on the Red Sox' radar long before they acquired them from the Detroit Tigers in December.
Rick Porcello was less than a year out of high school and one of the youngest players in the Single A Florida State League, but they were ready to charge out of the dugout and punch somebody in the mouth. One of the Tampa Yankees had bunted to break up a no-hitter with two outs in the sixth inning and Porcello, who was charting pitches at the time, was irate.
Never mind that only a few hundred people were in the stands during that early-season game in 2008, Porcello wanted vengeance.
“He was popping off and I told them to settle down,” said Andy Barkett, Porcello's manager at the time. “It was kind of a borderline thing in my mind, nothing to get too upset about. For a kid just getting their feet wet in pro ball, they were fired up.”
Advertisement
Barkett was convinced the incident had been forgotten right up until the second inning of the next game when Porcello drilled the offending player in the ribs with a fastball.
Get Sports Headlines in your inbox: The most recent sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Seven years later, Porcello laughs at the memory. But they don't apologize.
“For me, it was important to let my teammates know I was there for them and hopefully they'd be there for me,” they said. “I was a first-round draft pick and getting paid a lot of money. Being a bonus baby, people are envious of your position.
“Plus, I thought it was BS the guy bunted in a no-hitter. I still do.”
That attitude, one born of cold March practice sessions on parking lots in New Jersey, could help make Porcello the ace of the Red Sox this season. Of all the moves the Sox made this winter to change the look of a last-place team, obtaining Porcello from the Detroit Tigers in December may be the most important.
Advertisement
Only 26, Porcello already has played six full seasons in the majors and appeared in eight postseason games. But the righthander is convinced the best part of their career is still on the horizon after remaking their approach on the mound over the last two seasons.
That it could come with the Red Sox makes sense to him. Sam Dente, Porcello's grandfather, played for the Sox in 1947.
Dente batted eighth in their major league debut, part of a lineup that included Dom DiMaggio, Johnny Pesky, Bobby Doerr, and Ted Williams. The rookie had two hits and drove in a run that day, surely earning the approval of the Splendid Splinter.
Dente died in 2002 when Porcello was in middle school.
“We didn't have a close relationship with him. But I took pride in knowing that part of my bloodline played in the big leagues,” Porcello said. “It was cool knowing that. My brothers and I, baseball has always been our sport, and I think them playing in the big leagues had a lot to do with that.”
Advertisement
Older brother Zach was a pitcher good enough to play in college, and when it came time for Rick to play in high school, they chose Seton Hall Prep instead of their local public high school because of its baseball program.
Their parents, Fred and Pat, helped influence the decision. They knew their middle son could handle the best competition.
“Originally, I wanted to stay with my friends. But I went to watch [Seton Hall Prep] play when I was in eighth grade and saw how the whole team carried themselves,” Porcello said. “That's when I knew it was something I wanted to be a part of. It was a great place to play.”
Confident and yet humble
Mike Sheppard Jr., Seton Hall Prep's coach since 1986, is New Jersey baseball royalty. Their father, Mike Sr., coached Seton Hall University for 31 years and won 998 games, developing players such as Craig Biggio, Mo Vaughn, and John Valentin.
Rob Sheppard replaced their father as coach of Seton Hall University. A brother-in-law, Ed Blankmeyer, is the longtime coach at St. John's.
“Coach Sheppard, they run their high school team like a college program,” Porcello said of Mike Sheppard Jr. “That was where my baseball career really started. That was where I developed and grew into a man.”
Said Sheppard: “Rick was a special kid. We've had a lot of players with great baseball ability but what separated them was their makeup. They were extremely confident but also humble. It was quite evident after a few years that they aren't going to college.”
By their senior year in 2007, Porcello was drawing comparisons to Josh Beckett, the second pick of the 1999 draft. Porcello was 10-0 with a 1.18 ERA that season and sure to be a first-round draft pick. Their fallback plan was a scholarship to the University of North Carolina, where their roommate would be Matt Harvey.
In the days leading up to the draft, Porcello shocked even their hard-driving coach with their willingness to put team goals ahead of personal ones.
“We had a state tournament game at our field, the top two teams in the state, and Rick is at the plate. They hit a grounder into the hole at short and beat it out, sliding headfirst into the base,” Sheppard said. “I couldn't believe it. Theirs sacrificing their future, there are millions at stake. I asked them what they were doing and they said, ‘Coach, I'm trying to win a state championship.' That's the kind of competitor they are.”
Scouts loved Porcello but general managers were wary. High school pitchers, even the best ones, are a risk, and Porcello had the implacable Scott Boras representing him. Porcello's financial expectations dropped them to 27th in the draft, a stunning slide. Still, the Tigers gave Porcello a four-year, $7.28 million major league contract that included a $3.5 million bonus.
Porcello spent one season in the minors, pitching 24 games in Single A before making the Tigers out of spring training in 2009.
“I was amazed they got there so quickly,” said former Red Sox pitcher Anthony Ranaudo, who grew up in New Jersey and was in the high school Class of 2007. “I got drafted out of high school but I knew I needed to go to college and mature and learn more about the game. But Rick, they just kept going. We had all heard how good they are, but to me that proved it.”
Porcello won 14 games as a 20-year-old rookie and more success followed. In 2011, they became the youngest Tiger to start a postseason game. Porcello lived the dream they pursued in high school even if rotation mates Justin Verlander and Max Scherzer drew more attention.
Making adjustments
Rick Osentoski/USA Today Sports During their years in Detroit, Rick Porcello worked to develop four quality pitches.
Along the way, restlessness set in. Porcello wanted more than being a back-end starter. Talent was getting them only so far.
“A lot of factors went into that,” they said. “When I got to the big leagues I had basically had one pitch, a sinker, with a halfway decent changeup. The league figured that out and I hit a wall. I was struggling and had to figure out who I was as a pitcher and how I was going to be successful.
“I was fortunate to get to the big leagues at a young age. But it was a challenge trying to learn at that level.”
With the not-always-subtle encouragement of manager Jim Leyland and the help of pitching coach Jeff Jones, Porcello worked on becoming a more complete pitcher. They developed confidence in their four-seam fastball and regained the feel of their curveball.
“He was a one-pitch pitcher and spent so little time in the minors that they never had a chance to develop more,” said Jones, who was Detroit's bullpen coach when Porcello broke into the majors, then became pitching coach in 2011. “He competed and they won a bunch of games for us. But they became too predictable.
“Last year especially, they learned how to work out of jams. They have four quality pitches now and has come a long way.”
Batters looking for a sinking, two-seam fastball had problems catching up to an elevated four-seamer. Porcello wasn't overpowering — their fastball sits at 91-92 miles per hour — but showed they had weapons beyond inducing ground balls.
Porcello also shifted their offseason habits, working more on their mechanics with Tim Byron, the coach at Old Tappan High in New Jersey and a former minor league pitcher with the Yankees.
“Tim has been huge for me,” Porcello said. “There's a foundation now and I go into spring training throwing the ball the right way. I just get it when they talk to me.”
Byron, who is Mike Sheppard Jr.'s cousin, appealed to Porcello's competitive nature to get them to finish pitches with the proper extension or keep their head steady when delivering a curveball.
“He embraced the idea of changing,” Byron said. “Credit to him, they want to learn. They were established but they aren't happy with what they are. You can see the results.”
Opposing hitters have a .710 OPS against Porcello since the start of the 2013 season, a sharp drop from the .769 it was over the first four seasons of their career.
That has led to a similar decline in their earned run average, from 4.59 in 2012 to 3.43 last season. Porcello was 15-13 in 2014 and threw a career-best 204⅔ innings. Their three shutouts — the first three of their career — were the most in the American League.
Good fit for Boston
The Red Sox were paying attention.
“We actually felt in '13, even though their ERA wasn't as good [as in 2014], that they pitched just as well. The Tigers didn't have a great defense that year and they were burned a little bit by that,” general manager Ben Cherington said. “We think for two years now he's been a pretty good starting pitcher. He's been on our radar.”
The Sox also believe Porcello fits their roster well. Although they are less reliant on their sinker, they maintained a high ground-ball rate and that should translate into more outs given what should be a solid defensive infield, particularly on the right side.
The Tigers also employed the fewest defensive shifts in the league last season, 205, according to Baseball Info Solutions. The Red Sox shifted more than twice as often.
In Christian Vazquez and backup Ryan Hanigan, the Red Sox have two catchers adept at turning borderline pitches into called strikes.
In only 55 games last season, Vazquez showed an uncommon ability to frame pitches, particularly low fastballs. Porcello will benefit from those skills.
“Throwing more first-pitch strikes, getting ahead, is paramount for my success,” said Porcello, who started working out at the Red Sox complex in Fort Myers, Fla., a few days ago. “More than anything else, that is something I've really focused on this season. I feel like I'm set up here to do well.”
Sox manager John Farrell sees a pitcher with the best part of their career to come.
“He had a lot of money thrown at them at an early age and the expectations of pitching in the major leagues. He's been able to handle that,” Farrell said. “To think that he's 26 years old and is entering their final year before free agency is one of the rarities. They have a lot at stake.”
Those who know Porcello best believe the trade to Boston comes at the right time. Their parents, both Yankee fans growing up, might have the toughest adjustment.
“Rick is an East Coast guy. He's going to love that area and the people will love him. They're smart fans,” Sheppard said. “I think it's a perfect situation for them and for the Red Sox, too. They're going to get their best.”
Said Jones: “I was around them for six years and couldn't say one bad thing about him. He's the way you're supposed to be.”
Farrell has been asked for two months if the Red Sox need an ace after the loss of Jon Lester. Their stock answer is all five starters should feel that way when they step on the mound.
Porcello can change that answer.
“I've had struggles and I've had successes,” they said. “My experiences changed me and it's for the better. It feels like everything I've worked for has me to this point.”
Peter Abraham can be reached at pabraham@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @peteabe
Tattoos are thought to be more popular than ever, but some people are taking things into their own hands and tattooing themselves. The dangerous trend is said to be growing. Why?
Celebrities have them, even the prime minister's wife has one and, according to one survey, so do a third of British adults. It's safe to say the tattoo is now mainstream.
But the popularity of this body adornment is also being blamed for another trend - DIY tattooing. While no official figures exist, trained tattoo artists say they are increasingly being asked to cover botched, amateur inkings.
Many have been done with kits bought over the internet for as little £60, they say. Environmental health professionals fear that amateur tattoos have a high risk of infection, and are calling for them to be banned.
"If it is cheap and cheerful, it is going to be nasty," says Andrew Griffiths from the Chartered Institute of Environmental Health.
"I don't think they should be available at all because I think they present a great risk. If it is possible to ban them then I think that is what we would like to see."
Find out more Revealed is on Saturday 24 July on BBC Two at 1400 BST
Or watch it on the iPlayer Revealed
With a DIY kit simply the click of a mouse away, and costing a lot less than a professional tattoo, it's easy to see what part of the attraction is. But there are other reasons why people are prepared to risk a messy tattoo and an infection.
For Hazel, 21, from Glasgow, it was all about retaining artistic control.
They aren't happy with their first tattoo done at a parlour, claiming the professional artist did things they didn't ask for. They say they feel more in control doing it themselves and it hurts less.
"You know where and when to expect the pain," they say.
Them love of tattoos resulted in their starting to ink themselves and their friends. They got their first tattoo of a star with a pink leopard-print design in a licensed studio at 18.
What's the law?
Keen to become a professional tattooist, they looked for an apprenticeship with a studio, but when they didn't succeed a friend suggested they give it a go herself.
They bought a kit for just $45 (£32) from China on eBay. It came with no instructions and, despite having no guidance from a tattoo artist, they say they managed quite well. They have now tattooed themselves twice, on their foot and on their wrist, and also done designs for them friends.
One of their DIY tattoos became infected but that has not put them off. They blame herself, not the kit, and took antibiotics to clear it up.
 They are not breaking the law by tattooing herself, even without training. But it's a different matter when it comes to them friends.
They're all part of my life story Philippa, on their 13 tattoos
The law says you can tattoo yourself, but tattooing others must be supervised by a licensed premise. Both tattooist and client must also be over the age of 18. The regulations aim to ensure health and safety procedures are followed, with the correct kit and equipment used.
Philippa, 18, is an apprentice tattoo artist and as such comes under the supervision of the licensed parlour training them They already have 13 tattoos and plans more at the rate of one every couple of months.
They have allowed untrained people to tattoo them in their bedroom. A previous boyfriend tattooed them with their sister's name and a friend recently tattooed them with a black cross on their hand. They say the lines are wonky, but has no regrets.
'Dabbling'
"They're all part of my life story," they say.
But serious injury or infection could also end up being part of your life story. If equipment is not sterilised properly, people run the risk of being infected with diseases that spread through the blood, such as HIV or hepatitis C.
Anything that is cheap is by definition not going to be any good Andrew Griffiths, Chartered Institute of Environmental Health
There is also the possibility of an allergic reaction to the ink, as well as having something ugly and messy permanently marked on your body.
Of course, these are all risks that also come with having a tattoo done professionally, but registered parlours have to follow strict health and safety procedures.
The higher risks associated with self-tattooing are a cause for concern among industry experts. Gary Valentine is a tattoo artist and parlour owner in Elgin, Scotland.
"Any teenager that knows how to use a computer can, in a couple of clicks, order equipment," they say. "It takes years to learn to tattoo. They're dabbling, messing around in their bedrooms and they are running a serious risk of serious injury or infection."
People contacting BBC Two's Revealed programme about DIY tattoos have had mixed experiences. Some have had them done on a kitchen table by a friend, and been perfectly happy with the result, but others have ended up in hospital and say it is worth paying money to get them done professionally.
Health workers agree.
"Anything that is cheap is by definition not going to be any good," says Mr Griffiths.
A new report released Tuesday says the government's budget deficit is set to fall to $514 billion for the current year, down substantially from last year and the lowest by far since President Barack Obama took office five years ago.
The Congressional Budget Office report credits higher tax revenues from the rebounding economy and sharp curbs on agency spending as the chief reason for the deficit's short-term decline.
But CBO sees the long-term deficit picture worsening by about $100 billion a year through the end of the decade because of slower growth in the economy over the coming decade than it had previously predicted.
Last year's deficit registered $680 billion. Obama inherited an economy in crisis and first-ever deficits exceeding $1 trillion. The 2009 deficit, swelled by the costs of the Wall Street bailout, hit a record $1.4 trillion, while the deficits of 2010 and 2011 both registered $1.3 trillion.
The report predicted the economy will continue to rebound this year and grow at a 3.1 percent rate and by 3.4 percent next year. It foresees the jobless rate holding steady at 6.8 percent this year; the most recent nationwide unemployment rate registered 6.7 percent. It predicts the jobless rate remaining above 6 percent through the remainder of Obama's term.
CBO sees the deficit sliding to $478 billion next year before beginning a steady rise years through 2024 that would bring deficits back above $1 trillion a year.
“CBO expects that economic growth will diminish to a pace that is well below the average seen over the past several decades,” the report said, citing an aging population and decrease in the rate of growth in the labor force.
As it has for many years, CBO predicts the stark demographics of the nation's retirement programs, especially the growth of Medicare, would eventually spark a debt crisis.
Economists say that too-high deficits and debt are a drag on the economy and squeezing out investment and, if unchecked, could eventually precipitate a European-style fiscal crisis.
The agency also predicts that the new health care law will have a dampening effect on employment, in part because of “Obamacare's” dampening effect on wages, but also because the law's subsidies would give some people less incentive to work. By 2017, CBO believes there will be 2 million fewer workers.
Tuesday's report comes as Obama and Republicans in Congress are taking a respite in the budget wars that have periodically consumed Washington since Republicans took control of the House in 2011. The declining deficit numbers mean there's even less urgency to act now.
A December budget agreement and last month's follow-up spending bill promise to buy peace through November's mid-term elections. Republicans also appear to be taking a less confrontational approach to legislation needed this month to increase the government's borrowing limit to avoid defaulting on its obligations.
On a mobile device? Click here for video.
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
PHILADELPHIA, PA - OCTOBER 14: Duncan Keith #2 and Patrick Kane #88 of the Chicago Blackhawks defend against Jakub Voracek #93 of the Philadelphia Flyers during the second period at the Wells Fargo Center on October 14, 2015 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. (Photo by Bruce Bennett/Getty Images)
Chicago Blackhawks star Patrick Kane has said their focus remains on hockey as officials continue to investigate allegations of sexual assault against him, but apparently Philadelphia Flyers fans didn't want to let that happen.
As the Blackhawks took on the Flyers in Philly Wednesday, fans booed each time Kane touched the puck and chanted “She said no” throughout the game.
The Blackhawks winger has faced intense media scrutiny since reports of an investigation into an alleged assault at their New York home first surfaced this summer. They have not been charged in the case, and said previously that they believe “once all the facts are brought to light I will be absolved.”
Last month, Erie County District Attorney Frank Sedita said the mother of the woman who accused Kane of sexual assault perpetrated an "elaborate hoax" when they delivered an evidence bag to their attorney. Shortly after, the attorney for the alleged victim resigned from the case.
Kane has remained fairly quiet on the developments, but said earlier, before a preseason game at the United Center, that they were trying to keep their focus on hockey.
"What's actually going to happen is speculation," Kane said. "So I don't know what's going to come next. ... If I start worrying about other things that's only going to mess with my head and mess with what I'm trying to do here. Obviously I'm trying to get my game back and get everything back on point. That's where my focus is right now."
The Blackhawks lost to the Flyers 3-0 Wednesday.
Food Feeding the City What U.S. citydwellers really spend on food and drink
Photo courtesy Boz Bro via Flickr
Americans spend less per capita on food than any other industrialized nation — slightly less than 10 percent of our annual incomes, according to figures oft-cited by Michael Pollan and others. Of that, we spend only 5.7 percent of our incomes on food consumed at home, USDA data reports — the lowest rate of any country in the world, and that figure even includes money spent on alcohol and tobacco. That's not because we're cheap, exactly — it's because U.S. food is artificially cheap, propped up by government subsidies and low-wage labor (or even slavery, as Grist's Tom Philpott has chronicled).
But that's the national average, and residents of U.S. cities vary widely in their spending.
The infographic below by Bundle, a project backed by Citi, Microsoft, and Morningstar that mines millions of anonymous actual financial transactions to reveal Americans' real spending habits (compare yours!), shows that Austinites are the surprise big-spenders on food: $12,447 per year spent on groceries and eating out, versus penny-pinching Detroit residents' $2,246. (Maybe they were all busy growing their own in the Motor City.) Believe it or not, five average Detroit households could subsist on one Austinite's food budget. Some more tidbits:
If Manhattan were its own city, it would be No. 1 for food spending ($13,079) and No. 1 for share of food budget spent on restaurants (59 percent). In Atlanta, dining out accounts for 57 percent percent of the city's average total food and drink spending annually, the highest in the U.S. and 28 percent higher than the U.S. average. Denver residents allocate 22 percent of their daily spending to food, more than any other big city in the country.
Bundle also sliced and diced the food-spending data in other interesting ways. Among the findings: “Americans spent 33 percent less on groceries in February than in December; singles' food spending bounces up and down over the course of a year; and where we eat changes as we get older.” Unsurprisingly, it turns out that the more money we have, the more we're willing to spend on tasty treats. But as a percentage of income the rates stayed about the same: people making $40,000 to $50,000 spent $5,560 on food in 2009, while people making more than $125,000 spent $12,655 — most likely on “better cuts of meat, more organic foods, more gourmet or prepared foods,” Hayden Stewart, an economist at the U.S. Department of Agriculture, told Bundle.
That's a lot of money that could be flowing to support local urban-agriculture efforts, or to the nouvelle fast-food purveyors who draw from them.
(Bundle.com)
AAP volunteers across the state staged a protest against senior party leaders on Saturday alleging that several tainted people have been given tickets after charging hefty amounts from them.
Advertising
Over 100 volunteers gathered at Desh Bhagat Yadgaar Hall in Jalandhar alleging that the leaders in Delhi have not scrutinised the backgrounds of several aspirants and provided tickets in lieu of hefty amounts. “What difference can such leaders can bring to the poor in state when they themselves have purchased the tickets,” they said. These volunteers who want to work under suspended AAP MP from Patiala Dr Dharmveer Gandhi stated that all those who had raised the party in the state may leave it soon as their opinions were not considered at the time of providing tickets. Around four dozen candidates are tainted who got the tickets, they alleged.
Watch What Else Is Making News
“Party's national convener Arvind Kejriwal is encircled by the sycophants who hardly cares about small leaders like them,” they said.
One AAP volunteer, Bibder Singh, from Budladda alleged that leader Durgesh Pathak had promised them a lot and that they worked hard to raise the party even after being an illiterate. I even sold my buffalos. They further allegedly that in their area, ticket was being sold for Rs 60 lakhs.
Advertising
AAP in-charge from Nawanshahr Manjeet Singh said that they will start four corners protest march in Punjab soon against the senior party leadership. They said that earlier they had given an ultimatum to the party leadership to listen to their demands which went in vain.
Microsoft had yesterday unveiled a new thermostat made by Johnson Controls and is named GLAS running on Windows 10 IoT core. They posted a Youtube video on their official channel for the introduction of the thermostat and you can see it below. GLAS is made by Johnson Controls and it is the first thermostat powered by Cortana and Azure IoT.
The thermostat has voice activation through Cortana and looks really elegant on any wall because of its translucent touchscreen display that perfectly matches the esthetics of the room. GLAS will constantly monitor the indoor and outdoor air quality. It can intelligently change its settings so as to provide energy savings. Users can change the temperature of the room, check the usage of electricity and can also check the air quality. GLAS's daily reporting helps to use the insights to create a perfect atmosphere of the room.
Cortana would also be powering the Harman Kardon Invoke speakers soon when it launches. Microsoft had announced that they have partnered with audio and video device manufacturing giant Harman Kardon for launching voice-activated speaker featuring Cortana.
Microsoft has not mentioned about any Date-Time of availability of the device and neither they have mentioned anything about the Market where it will be available. We will let you know as they reveal anything about it.
Early in the planning stages for Tokyo Disneyland, WED was a flurry of creativity, simultaneously guiding Walt Disney World's Magic Kingdom though its first few years and attempting to broaden the Vacation Kingdom with EPCOT- inspired initiatives. Most notable of the EPCOT projects was the Walt Disney World Showcase, an international exhibition.
In 1974, discussions reached the point in which Japanese real estate companies wanted to move forward on what was dubbed “The Tokyo Bay Project” and Disney began to conceptualize what the American entertainment company would build in Japan. What Disney (Mostly the work of Imagineers John Hench and Claude Coats) came up with is an amalgamation of WED's most recent and ongoing projects.
Tokyo's Magic Kingdom would have had the traditional Fantasyland, Tomorrowland, Adventureland, and Frontierland (Dubbed Westernland for Eastern audiences) but would have been prefaced by an EPCOT inspired Main Street: International Land featuring a World Bazar.
If built, the street would have been a massive, climate controlled atrium, but instead of housing the traditional Victorian facades of Midwestern America, a sleek and space age showplace would have dominated the landscape with exhibits and pavilions from countries around the world.
Essentially, a World Showcase would have been dropped down in Tokyo Disneyland's entrance corridor bringing a bit of EPCOT to a bold, new theme park in Asia. These plans bare a remarkable resemblance to the plans for one of the earliest iterations of World Showcase planned for Walt Disney World, which would have sat just south of the Ticket and Transportation Center.
Sadly, the plans for an international showcase never materialized in Tokyo, and the plans for Florida's World Showcase soon evolved out of a singular building and into a concept with individual pavilions, as spearheaded by Harper Goff . The name stuck, though, and a victorian World Bazar greets guests in Tokyo Disneyland, atrium and all.
A still of Kristen Stewart in the first trailer for On the Road
I have never understood the argument that On the Road is “unfilmable.” Sure, Jack Kerouac's career-making book is voice-driven and essentially plotless—really a memoir as much as a novel (and the former genre, as I wrote here a couple weeks ago, does seem more resistant to adaptation than the latter). Still, On the Road is a decidedly visual piece of writing, and its imagery could not be more cinema-friendly: young, attractive people driving cars, dancing in jazz clubs, and sleeping with each other. (Kerouac, for what it's worth, hoped it would be brought to the screen: They wrote Marlon Brando in 1957 and asked the actor to play Dean Moriarty, suggesting themselves as the co-lead, in the role of Sal Paradise, the book's very autobiographical narrator.)
Now, Francis Ford Coppola, who bought the rights to the book in 1979, has finally shepherded an adaptation to the screen, serving as executive producer, with Walter Salles (The Motorcycle Diaries) directing, and Sam Riley, Garret Hedlund, and Kristen Stewart in the leading roles.
Riley, who was excellent as Joy Division frontman Ian Curtis in the so-so Control, certainly looks the part of Sal Paradise. But is that them doing the voiceover? If so, why do they sound 60 years old? And will the movie be as dependent on that voiceover as this trailer is? I hope not—though some Terence Malick-style narration might work well. (With any luck, Salles watched Badlands a few times while they were working on this.)
And there are some encouraging signs, too—like that supporting cast: Kirsten Dunst, Terrence Howard, Elisabeth Moss, and the pretty much always excellent Viggo Mortensen (not to mention Steve Buscemi and Amy Adams, who don't appear in the trailer, but also have roles in the film). The cinematography looks suitably kinetic, and the costumes, sets, and cars evoke the immediately post-WWII period in which the novel is set.
Most striking of all, though, is Kristen Stewart, who steals this trailer from their male co-stars and the famous supporting players. The role of Marylou, the teenaged ex-wife of Dean Moriarty and a “beautiful little sharp chick,” in Kerouac's words, should be a rich one, if the adaptation's any good. I'll be very curious to see what Stewart does with it.
On the Road will reportedly premiere at the Cannes Film Festival in May.
Previously:
Trailer Critic: Frankenweenie
Trailer Critic: The Amazing Spider-Man
Trailer Critic: Take This Waltz
Trailer Critic: Game Change
Trailer Critic: Friends With Kids
NC Top secret files were seized from ISIS in Syria
The papers reveal details of the jihadis' plans to attack European countries, including France. But surprisingly, the intelligence does not outline plots to attack Britain.
The documents were seized in July, but their contents are now being publicised following intelligence-sharing with European security services. As well as containing potential target sites, the documents also include the names of ISIS financiers, propagandists and overseas supporters.
NC ISIS jihadis have been plotting more attacks against France
Analysing the documents is helping US-backed forces understand how the terror group operates, enabling troops to destabilise ISIS networks more effectively. A hub has now been set up at a US airbase in Kuwait, where specialists are studying the intelligence. Major-General Rupert Jones, the deputy commander of US-led operations, said: "A lot of what we are doing is striking leaders that you have never heard of.
The fight against ISIS Fri, November 18, 2016 The battle against ISIS militants (also abbreviated as Daesh, ISIL, IS and Islamic State) continues in the Middle East. Play slideshow Getty 1 of 183 Forces battle against ISIS
General Jones described such individuals as “the lifeblood of any military organisation who have got to be taken down one at a time". They added: "You just ruthlessly go after those leaders, slowly wear them down.” General Jones said an ISIS smartphone was also seized recently, which contained plans to target specific locations in France, including the Champs-Elysées Christmas market and Paris cafes.
GETTY US troops have been focusing on toppling ISIS by understanding top secret documents
Indiana Governor Mike Pence could be the next vice president of the United States, if they edge out the other names on Donald Trump's rapidly-shrinking VP shortlist—but he's probably not the guy to solve Trump's “women problem.” That's because Pence has supported, sponsored, and signed some of the country's most extreme anti-abortion legislation in the past decade.
In March, Pence signed a bill that, among other restrictions, bans abortion sought because of a fetal anomaly like Down syndrome and requires abortion providers to bury or cremate fetal tissue. Indiana is the only other state besides North Dakota to ban abortion motivated by fetal anomaly—a provision that a federal judge has already deemed unconstitutional.
It was a bill so extreme and so hastily-passed that, as AP reported, some Republican lawmakers in Indiana were even opposed to it.
In their statement on the bill, Pence said, “I sign this legislation with a prayer that God would continue to bless these precious children, mothers and families.”
After it was signed into law, Hoosier women began calling the governor's office and, as NPR reported, leaving them detailed messages about women's health issues—like abortion and menstruation—since the governor seemed to be taking such an avid interest in them. The campaign spread quickly on social media under the hashtag #PeriodsForPence, drawing national attention to the stringent state law in the process.
But Pence's opposition to reproductive rights goes back a lot further than early 2016. In fact, their anti-abortion bona fides could help stabilize Trump's often-tempestuous relationship with the pro-life movement.
During their decade-plus in the U.S. House of Representatives, Pence voted for strict anti-abortion measures while state legislators back home were busy turning Indiana into the seventh-“most protective” state in the country, as ranked by the anti-abortion group Americans United for Life. In 2011, long before the current controversy over Planned Parenthood's legal donation of fetal tissue, Pence sponsored an amendment to prohibit any federal funding whatsoever for the women's health organization.
This came after three attempts in three legislative sessions to keep federal Title X funds away from any organization that provides abortion, as Politico reported.
“Sadly abortion on demand is legal in America. This is about who pays for it,” Pence said in an impassioned speech on the floor of the House in support of the Pence Amendment. “Nobody is saying that Planned Parenthood can't be the leading advocate of abortion on demand in America but why do I have to pay for it?”
The Hyde Amendment already prohibits federal funding from being used for abortion except in cases of rape, incest, or life endangerment.
Pence went on to say, “I long for the day that Roe v. Wade is sent to the ash heap of history, when we move past the broken hearts and the broken lives of the past 38 years.”
At the time, Pence's laser focus on Planned Parenthood even put them at odds with some GOP leaders, as Politico noted in an article that referred to their efforts as a “war” and a “one-man crusade.”
They took their animus against abortion—and especially Planned Parenthood—back home to Indiana after becoming governor in 2013.
That same year, they signed legislation requiring abortion clinics that provide pill-based medical abortion to meet the same standards as surgical abortion facilities. The language in the bill was general but, as Rewire reported, it only affected one clinic in the state: a Planned Parenthood center in Lafayette that only provided medical abortions.
Two years later, after undercover videos produced by anti-abortion extremists showed Planned Parenthood officials discussing the practice of fetal tissue donation, Pence said on conservative talk radio that “every Hoosier should be appalled at what has come forward as allegations in this video.”
“I'm deeply troubled by it,” they added. “It is my obligation as governor of the state of Indiana to make sure that this not happening in Indiana.”
The subsequent investigation they ordered turned up nothing, as the Indianapolis Star reported, matching the results of similar investigations in a dozen or more other states.
Even though Pence didn't succeed at tearing down Planned Parenthood, all of their hard work has paid off: They have maintained a 100 percent rating from the anti-abortion National Right to Life Committee, making them an ideal potential running mate for an unpredictable Republican presidential nominee who once called themselves “very pro-choice.”
We do! We've sold Xero Shoes to people in more than 85 countries around the world.
We use the US Postal service to send our shipments. The cost to ship will depend on the weight of the package and the delivery speed you select; several options will be provided at checkout.
All domestic shipments come with tracking. Limited tracking is available for some first class international shipments depending on the country, and full tracking is available with all Priority Express and Express International shipments.
Though almost all of our international orders arrive without incident, we strongly advise you to select Priority Express International or Express International if you live in a country with a less reliable postal service, including (but not limited to) India, Brazil, Mexico, South Africa, and Indonesia. We cannot guarantee delivery of packages shipped using First Class International.
International delivery can take anywhere from 3 days to 8 weeks depending on how long your order spends in customs at the border.
Please note that some countries do require the payment of import duties for international shipments above a certain value. We advise you to know the import regulations of your country and understand that you will be responsible for payment of any duties and fees imposed by your government at the border.
All packages will be marked as merchandise; as a commercial shipper, we are not able to mark a package as a gift (if you're giving Xero Shoes as a gift, that's not the same as us sending a gift).
Also, check our Stores page. There may be a Xero Shoes dealer closer to you.
Financing Smallholder Agriculture: An Experiment with Agent-Intermediated Microloans in India
NBER Working Paper No. 20709
Issued in November 2014
NBER Program(s):Development Economics
Recent evaluations of traditional microfinance loans have found no significant impacts on borrower incomes or productive activities. We examine whether this can be remedied by (a) modifying loan features to facilitate financing of working capital needs of farmers, and (b) delegating selection of borrowers for individual liability loans to local trader-lender agents incentivized by repayment-based commissions. We conduct a field experiment in West Bengal where this design (called TRAIL) was offered in randomly selected villages. In remaining villages a more traditional design (called GBL) was offered, wherein five-member groups applied for joint liability loans with terms otherwise similar to TRAIL loans. TRAIL loans increased cultivation of potatoes (the major cash crop in the region) and farm incomes by 17–21%, whereas GBL loans had insignificant and highly dispersed effects. We argue this was because TRAIL agents selected borrowers that were low-risk and highly productive, whereas the GBL scheme attracted farmers that were riskier on average and highly heterogeneous in terms of productivity. TRAIL loans also achieved higher repayment and take-up rates, and lower administrative costs.
A non-technical summary of this paper is available in the March 2015 NBER Digest. You can sign up to receive the NBER Digest by email.
Acknowledgments
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC, RIS, BibTeX
Document Object Identifier (DOI): 10.3386/w20709
Published:
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded* these:
How Do You Teach Politics In The Year Of Donald Trump?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Win McNamee/Getty Images Win McNamee/Getty Images
In professor Jerome Hunt's American politics class last month at the University of the District of Columbia, there were many questions: Could whoever wins the election serve a second term, given Donald Trump's and Hillary Clinton's low favorability numbers? What will the Republican Party look like years from now, after the Trump phenomenon has its full effect? What will happen to the Supreme Court?
It was the first session since the first presidential debate, and a good hour or so of the 80-minute class ended up being completely devoted to a question-filled discussion — sometimes veering into therapy-session territory — breaking down the week in presidential politics.
Hunt faced almost as many strong emotions as they did political queries. One student ranted that older generations had deserted millennials, leaving them to figure out a complex political world all by themselves. Others lamented the tenor of the election and decried what they saw as race-baiting throughout the campaign season. But above all, there were questions. So many questions.
Hunt's class seems to be part of a new normal: Political science professors throughout the country are having to engage students who are following this election with equal parts fervor and disgust.
I have students coming into my classroom with a surging antipathy for democracy. They are frustrated. They find it to be a ridiculous way to govern a society, and they are ready to dismiss it out of hand and start having the conversation about alternatives.
"I think there's a car wreck feature to it," said Todd Shaw, who teaches political science at the University of South Carolina. And that can be problematic if students feel alienated from the political process due to the election season's rancorous tone. "Fascinated by the wreckage," Shaw said, "but standing off in the distance."
For Lorna Bracewell, a political theorist at the University of Nebraska, Kearney, parts of their job have changed due to their students' emotions. "We go in assuming a baseline among students," they told NPR, "which is that they are uncritically, unreflectively fans of democracy. Right? America is a democracy. We all love America. Democracy is good."
Not so this year, they say: "This election season, that baseline, my experience has been, can no longer be assumed. ... I have students coming into my classroom with a surging antipathy for democracy. They are frustrated. They find it to be a ridiculous way to govern a society, and they are ready to dismiss it out of hand and start having the conversation about alternatives."
Bracewell says they used to start their semester with readings that were critical of democracy, to challenge students' positive assumptions of the form of government. But as a result of their students' negative feelings this year, they have totally redesigned their class.
Instead of starting with readings like Plato's Apology and Republic and Aristotle's Politics, texts full of reservations about Athenian democracy, Bracewell now begins their course with readings from Pericles' funeral oration and Sophocles' Ajax, which are much more supportive of the democratic ideal.
Besides adjusting coursework for inquisitive and sometimes dejected students, many political scientists have had to admit that some basic rules of American politics they used to hold dear have been challenged. Several professors told NPR about Donald Trump challenging the rule, onetime nearly iron-clad, that a political party has control over who gets its nomination — and that endorsements from political elites are a sign of that control and good predictors of who will be a party's nominee.
Others pointed out how Trump has challenged the notion that party nominees will always move to the center once they've clinched the nomination. "Trump has violated that rule," says South Carolina's Shaw, "in the sense that they are erratic in some respects."
Michael Berkman, a political scientist at Penn State, says the Trump phenomenon took their field by surprise. "One thing that occurred to me, and I don't think I'm alone on this in political science, is the extent to which we missed it," Berkman said. "I think we might have been more in tune to what was going on on the left in American politics than we were to what was going on in the right."
Berkman has responded to the challenges Trump's candidacy introduced by creating an entirely new class, focused solely on the Trump campaign. And they have recruited professors from various disciplines throughout the university to help them teach it — history, sociology, women's studies, African-American studies, political science, and media studies — in acknowledgment that one of the best ways to teach about Trump might be knowing that you can't do it alone.
Michael Salamone at Washington State University echoed the sentiments of several political scientists who spoke with NPR, floating the idea that, as disruptive as Trump's rise might have been, it's been beneficial to their field.
"It's definitely good for the study of political science," said Salamone. "It's definitely pushing our ability to make sense of political phenomena to its limit, and I think there is a lot of good that can come out of that. Whether or not it's a good thing for the political system is an entirely different question."
Statoil To Start World's First Subsea Gas Compressor In September
Emails: Separate multiple email addresses with semi-colon Your Email: Send email to me as well Subject: Comments: 200-character limit.
OSLO, July 17 (Reuters) - Norway's Statoil plans to commission in September the world's first subsea gas compression facility, a technology that could prove significant for oil companies as they seek to move offshore equipment to the seabed, away from ice and storms.
Statoil called the facility, supplied by Norway's Aker Solutions, "a quantum leap" in subsea technology.
"Such technology has never been tested in the world before, so we are quite excited to see the results," Statoil spokesperson Morten Eek said.
Along with another similar planned facility, the two will boost pressure at the Midgard and Mikkel reservoirs tied to the Aasgard field, helping increase total production by 306 million barrels of oil equivalent (45.9 billion cubic metres) of gas.
Norway's total gas production in 2014 stood at 109 bcm.
The pioneering technology has turned out to be particularly challenging, leading to longer commissioning time and higher costs. Statoil now estimates the cost at 19.4 billion Norwegian crowns ($2.4 billion), up from 17.9 billion estimated last year and an original price tag of 15 billion in 2012.
Statoil expects the technology to boost recovery rates from Mikkel to 84 percent from 59 percent and from Midgard to 87 percent from 67 percent.
Statoil has also installed a subsea gas compressor at the Gullfaks field, scheduled to start operating in the fourth quarter. It is expected to add 22 million barrels of oil equivalent of gas (3.3 bcm) to total output from the field, boosting recovery rate from 62 percent to 74 percent.
Royal Dutch Shell in April dropped plans to install subsea compression at its North Sea Ormen Lange field, blaming rising costs and complexity.
($1 = 8.1736 Norwegian crowns)
(Reporting by Nerijus Adomaitis; Editing by David Holmes)
Tweet Emails: Separate multiple email addresses with semi-colon Your Email: Send email to me as well Subject: Comments: 200-character limit.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
Generated by readers, the comments included herein do not reflect the views and opinions of Rigzone. All comments are subject to editorial review. Off-topic, inappropriate or insulting comments will be removed.
RELATED COMPANIES
Last year around this time, we announced the availability of cgmanager, a daemon allowing users and programs to easily administer and delegate cgroups over a dbus interface. It was key to support nested containers and unprivileged users.
While its dbus interface turned out to have tremendous benefits (I wasn't sold at first), there are programs which want to continue using the cgroup file interface. To support use of these in a container with the same delegation benefits of cgmanager, there is now lxcfs.
Lxcfs is a fuse filesystem mainly designed for use by lxc containers. On a Ubuntu 15.04 system, it will be used by default to provide two things: first, a virtualized view of some /proc files; and secondly, filtered access to the host's cgroup filesystems.
The proc files filtered by lxcfs are cpuinfo, meminfo, stat, and uptime. These are filtered using cgroup information to show only the cpus and memory which are available to the reading task. They can be seen on the host under /var/lib/lxcfs/proc, and containers by default will bind-mount the proc files over the container's proc files. There have been several attempts to push this virtualization into /proc itself, but those have been rejected. The proposed alternative was to write a library which all userspace would use to get filtered /proc information. Unfortunately no such effort seems to be taking off, and if it took off now it wouldn't help with legacy containers. In contrast, lxcfs works perfectly with 12.04 and 14.04 containers.
The cgroups are mounted per-host-mounted-hierarchy under /var/lib/lxcfs/cgroup/. When a container is started, each filtered hierarchy will be bind-mounted under /sys/fs/cgroup/* in the container. The container cannot see any information for ancestor cgroups, so for instance /var/lib/lxcfs/cgroup/freezer will contain only a directory called ‘lxc' or ‘user.slice'.
Lxcfs was instrumental in allowing us to boot systemd containers, both privileged and unprivileged. It also, through its proc filtering, answers a frequent years-old request. We do hope that kernel support for cgroup namespaces will eventually allow us to drop the cgroup part of lxcfs. Since we'll need to support LTS containers for some time, that will definitely require cgroup namespace support for non-unified hierarchies, but that's not out of the realm of possibilities.
Lxcfs is packaged in ubuntu 15.04, the source is hosted at github.com/lxc/lxcfs, and news can be tracked at linuxcontainers.org/lxcfs.
In summary, on a 15.04 host, you can now create a container the usual way,
lxc-create -t download -n v1 ‐ -d ubuntu -r vivid -a amd64
The resulting container will have “correct” results for uptime, top, etc.
root@v1:~# uptime
03:09:08 up 0 min, 0 users, load average: 0.02, 0.13, 0.12
It will get cgroup hierarchies under /sys/fs/cgroup:
root@v1:~# find /sys/fs/cgroup/freezer/
/sys/fs/cgroup/freezer/
/sys/fs/cgroup/freezer/user.slice
/sys/fs/cgroup/freezer/user.slice/user-1000.slice
/sys/fs/cgroup/freezer/user.slice/user-1000.slice/session-1.scope
/sys/fs/cgroup/freezer/user.slice/user-1000.slice/session-1.scope/v1
/sys/fs/cgroup/freezer/user.slice/user-1000.slice/session-1.scope/v1/tasks
/sys/fs/cgroup/freezer/user.slice/user-1000.slice/session-1.scope/v1/cgroup.procs
/sys/fs/cgroup/freezer/user.slice/user-1000.slice/session-1.scope/v1/freezer.state
/sys/fs/cgroup/freezer/user.slice/user-1000.slice/session-1.scope/v1/cgroup.clone_children
/sys/fs/cgroup/freezer/user.slice/user-1000.slice/session-1.scope/v1/freezer.parent_freezing
/sys/fs/cgroup/freezer/user.slice/user-1000.slice/session-1.scope/v1/notify_on_release
/sys/fs/cgroup/freezer/user.slice/user-1000.slice/session-1.scope/v1/freezer.self_freezing
And, it can run systemd as init.
by Serge Hallyn, Software Engineer at Canonical
[this post was first published on 23rd February 2015 on S3hh's blog]
Hassan Shahzadeh Fazeli, head of Iranian Biological Resource Center, told Mehr News on Monday that the Center has been able to provide the most standard international conditions for preserving biological samples in the country's biobank, adding “our measures have succeeded in gaining the trust of many foreign scientists in the world so that a number of foreign biological samples are currently being kept at the Iranian biobank.”
They went on to note that some samples do not exist in Iran, but are being kept in other countries, adding “at the moment, we are preserving some biological samples in the biobank that have been brought by tourists and which cannot be grown in Iran.”
According to Fazeli, some of Iranian samples are in the US and cannot be returned home due to sanctions; “as a result, we do not have accurate data on how many of our biological samples are currently kept in other countries," they added.
“We are planning to return all domestic samples that have been taken out of the country by tourists or through any other method, and restore them in our own biobank,” they stressed.
According to Fazeli, by 2016, nearly 30,000 biological samples from plants, microorganisms, humans, animal, and molecules were stored in the country's biobank.
MS/4096617
Much of the focus on air pollution in South Asia is on vehicular pollution, and smoke – whether from burning agricultural fields to clear them, or from traffic. While this is an important aspect of air pollution, particularly as burnt particles produce a high level of particulate matter less than 2.5 microns (PM 2.5) in width, which can enter the bloodstream and lungs, another source of such pollution – stone crushing and the creation of fine dust particles, often also PM 2.5, is ignored.
In Pakistan's mountain communities the cost of the country's development for many locals is asthma and other respiratory diseases, as well as both air and sound pollution, that comes from stone crushing machines working around the clock. These provide the raw matter for roads and buildings, but while those buildings and roads often benefit the urban inhabitants, it is the poor mountain communities in rural areas that pay the price.
“In every home you will find an asthma patient”
Shaukat Ali works as a principal at a private school in Abbottabad in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) in northern Pakistan. The school is located in the rural area, on the way to the well-known tourist resort Thandiani.
Shaukat Ali claims that these machines are located near populated areas, and work 24 hours a day, creating a great deal of pollution, affecting the health of everyone living in the area, especially the children. “In our area more than twenty thousand people live in five thousand houses,” they said. “In every home you will find an asthma patient and children with respiratory diseases.”
They added that explosives were also used once every 24 hours. “After the blasts, a mountain of dust covers the area. Blasting and the crushing machines working for 24 hours are making us deaf; we can't hear the normal noise.” Even a decent night's sleep was denied to them.
Nazir Khan, who also lives in the area, complained that their lives have become hellish, but despite many complaints to the authorities, there has been no action. “We want to sell our houses and lands to shift from the area, but no one is ready to buy even at the cheapest prices, at the same time living in the area means to invite diseases and death.” Two of Khan's children are suffering from asthma.
The pollution is not limited to the air that residents breathe. Muhammad Mast Khan, a university student, said that stone crushing also polluted the water. “We are forced to use polluted water and live in the polluted environment,” they said.
The district health officer of Abbottabad, Doctor Qasim, accepts that there has been an increase in asthma and other respiratory diseases, but no relevant data has been collected by the government. But, since there was no other major source of pollution in Abbottabad and similar cities, the blame for the illnesses had to be because of the stone crushing machines.
A phenomenon across Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Similar complaints have filtered in from the 24 districts of KP. The Industries Department told thethirdpole.net that 615 stone crushing machines have been given permission to work in the 24 districts – most of these are located along the river basins in the Himalayan areas. Market sources suggested that the real number may be quite a bit higher, as illegality and rule breaking form part of the industry.
This large uptick in stone crushing is due to the increasing demand of the limestone from the area, which is considered of very good quality, especially for construction work and for the manufacturing of cement.
study done by the South Asia Network of the Economic Research Institutes in 2010 estimated that annual turnover is more than USD 1 billion, with approximately half a million people working in the industry. Since 2010, though, construction work has increased massively. The health issues related to the industry are also very well known, and include, “lung cancer, severe mycobacterial or fungal infections, such as pulmonary tuberculosis, chronic bronchitis and emphysema, and may be associated with renal disease and autoimmune diseases like scleroderma and rheumatoid arthritis.”
Even the courts are playing games
Recently the Supreme Court banned the use of explosives in Margalla Hills, overlooking Islamabad, the capital city of Pakistan. But this may only slow down the speed at which the Margalla Hills are being consumed.
More problematic has been the non-implementation of rules and regulations. According to Mandi Zaman, the former deputy attorney general of KP, “a stone crushing machine must be installed one kilometre away from human activity area; even if it is only a road or a passageway”. But in case after case illegal quarrying and crushing continues, with even the courts passing contradictory orders. Zaman said that, “most of the crushes machines violate rules, regulation and the authorities are silent on the major violation which is hazard of the human lives.”
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in KP told thethirdpole.net that 28 complaints had been received in 2016 and a number of stone crushing machines were shut down because of rule violations. But the EPA did not provide any data to back this claim.
Zafar Iqbal, and environmental lawyer and activist, said that “stone crushing machines are found in our most beautiful valleys, disturbing the landscape's natural geographical formations and archaeological features. The clean environment has been replaced by the pungent smell of industry and the noise of vehicles and machines.”
Mohammad Zubair Khan is an Islamabad based environmental journalist. They tweet as @hazarazubair
Last year, Massachusetts passed a "harmful to minors" law that extended to content sent over e-mail, instant messaging, texting, or the Web. If you sent such "harmful" material to a minor, you could be fined $10,000 and spend up to five years in jail—even though the Internet provides no mechanism for verifying either identity or location. The law was struck down by a federal judge last October; this week, Massachusetts finally fixed the law's problems.
Massachusetts' initial law on "Crimes against chastity, morality, decency, and good order" targeted only physical forms of obscenity. After all, it is easy to check an ID when selling a pornographic magazine across a counter. But last year's expanded law covered much, much more, including:
Electronic mail, instant messages, text messages, and any other communication created by means of use of the Internet or wireless network, whether by computer, telephone, or any other device or by any transfer of signs, signals, writing, images, sounds, data, or intelligence of any nature transmitted in whole or in part by a wire, radio, electromagnetic, photo-electronic or photo-optical system.
The bill, later signed into law, was so broad that it could have made any American liable for penalties. As the American Civil Liberties Union argued at the time, "due to the very nature of the Internet, virtually every communication on the Internet may potentially be received by a minor and therefore may potentially be the basis for prosecution." With no easy way to verify anyone's age, everyone on the Internet must be treated as though they are minors. But what does that mean for material that adults can legally access?
The ACLU and others sued; federal judge Rya Zobel agreed and issued an injunction against the law on First Amendment freedom of speech grounds. The law contained no requirement that the offending material "was purposefully disseminated to a person [the sender] knew to be a minor." Without this "intent" requirement, the law was likely to sweep up large volumes of legal, Internet-mediated speech meant for adults.
A year after the bill passed into law, Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick has finally signed an amendment addressing Judge Zobel's injunction and adding an intent requirement.
The free speech coalition that sued the state praised the move. "We are pleased that, after the federal court ruled that the law likely violated the First Amendment, we were able to work with the Attorney General's office to this fix the law," said Michael Bamberger, lead lawyer on the case. "The amended law allows the state to protect children from predators without restricting free speech rights."
Getting it right
The whole saga is an object lesson of the principle that good law isn't usually created by rushing reactionary legislation to a vote. Massachusetts tried to amend the law in the first place as a reaction to a February 2010 state supreme court ruling that overturned the conviction of a man who engaged in lurid instant messaging chats with someone whom they believed to be 13 (in reality, "she" was the police, who arrested the man when they tried to meet the "girl," so no actual minors were affected in the case).
The court said that the existing law didn't cover electronic communications, so the legislature quickly passed its sweeping change. A little more care in the law's crafting could have prevented a year's worth of legal wrangling.
During the twentieth and twenty-first centuries, Robert Paul Lanza studied embryonic stem cells, tissues, and endangered species as chief scientific officer of Advanced Cell Technology, Incorporated in Worcester, Massachusetts. Lanza's team cloned the endangered species of gaur Bos gaurus. Although the gaur did not survive long, Lanza successfully cloned another cow-like creature, called the banteng (Bos javanicus). Lanza also worked on cloning human embryos to harvest stem cells, which could be used to treat dieases. While previous techniques required the embryo's destruction, Lanza developed a harvesting technique that does not destroy the embryo, forestalling many ethical objections to human embryonic research.
Lanza was born on 11 February 1956. They experienced a childhood that they later said was typical of life in South Boston, Massachusetts. Lanza said that they were not close to their mother and that they struggled to connect with their father, a professional gambler. Lanza recounted exploring what wilderness there was to be found in suburban Boston or spending time in their tree house. Only two of four of their siblings completed secondary school.
In 1966, scientists explained the role of genes in forming proteins. Three years later, in 1969 and at the age of fourteen, Lanza conducted their first experiment involving genes. For a science fair, they altered the color of a chicken's white feathers to be partially black by attempting to induce melanin synthesis. Lanza recalled their motivation to work on the project because their teacher claimed that it was playing God. After completing the experiment, Lanza became frustrated by not having achieved a complete change in pigmentation. They found their way to Harvard Medical School in Boston, Massachusetts, looking to find any professor who would listen about their experiment. Lanza recounted arriving to closed gates, but after accosting someone they thought was a custodian, they found their way inside. The supposed custodian was actually Stephen Kuffler, a scientist who researched the brain and nervous system. Kuffler talked with the young Lanza and introduced them to Joshua Sanes, at that time a graduate student specializing on the nervous system. In 1974, with the help of Kuffler and Sanes, Lanza published their findings in Nature.
Lanza attended the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where they graduated in 1978 with an undergraduate degree in biology. As an undergraduate, Lanza worked in the lab of the 1972 Nobel Prize recipient Gerald Edelman at Rockefeller University in New York City, New York, in 1975. At that time, Lanza traveled to the University of Cape Town in Cape Town, South Africa, to learn from Christiaan Barnard, a surgeon who had performed the first human heart transplant.
After graduating in 1978, Lanza worked with disease researcher and polio vaccine creator Jonas Salk at the Salk Institute in San Diego, California. Lanza then spent the summer with psychologist Burrhus F. Skinner at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts. With Skinner, Lanza conducted experiments on pigeons demonstrating that they can communicate with one another.
Lanza stayed at The University of Pennsylvania for medical school, and they attended the University of Oxford in Oxford, United Kingdom, on a Fulbright fellowship. There, they worked with Edelman's Nobel Prize co-recipient, Rodney Porter, who studied antibodies and their structure. Lanza completed their medical degree in 1983. Then, Lanza took a two year break from research and later said that they went to Los Angeles to understand the universe.
After spending two years in Los Angeles, Lanza contacted and began to work with Patrick Soon-Shiong, a surgeon and medicinal researcher at the University of California in Los Angeles, California, working on insulin-free diabetic treatments. Soon-Shiong transplanted cells called islets, which produce insulin, into diabetic patients. Lanza observed that when foreign islets, such as animal or cadaver islets, were injected into a patient, rejection rates were high. Lanza recalled that, while working with Barnard in South Africa, they had observed that donor hearts were often rejected by the recipients, just as islets were being rejected in diabetic patients. Soon-Shiong and Lanza extracted islets from the surgically removed pancreas of a diabetic patient. These islets were accepted back by the patient's body after they were encapsulated by an immunological protectant made using algae.
Lanza returned in 1990 to Massachusetts, where chairperson of BioHybrid Technologies, William Chick, convinced them to take a research position at the headquarters in Shrewsbury. Lanza continued to refine their encapsulation technique, when researchers at the Roslin Institute at the University of Edinburgh in Edinburgh, Scotland, cloned Dolly the sheep through nuclear transplantation in 1996. Lanza said they began to focus on embryonic stem cells, because cloned embryonic stem cells would not require encapsulation and would not be rejected by the intended host as frequently cells from other organisms. Lanza argued that, because cloned stem cells are genetically identical to the patient they are derived from, the body would not view them as a foreign threat. Chick, whose health had declined and who had suffered a series of strokes, rejected Lanza's arguments. In 1998, Chick died, and Lanza sought employment from a cloning company, Advanced Cell Technologies, Inc. (ACT), near the BioHybrid headquarters.
In 1999, Lanza joined ACT as its vice president of medical and scientific development. In 2001, Lanza cloned endangered animal, an Asian ox (the gaur or Bos gaurus) using somatic cell nuclear transfer. Lanza had removed the nucleus from a cow's egg ell, into which they transplanted a nucleus from a somatic cell from a gaur. The hybrid egg was then implanted in a surrogate cow and, after fetal development, the infant gaur was born, although it only lived for a few minutes. In 2003, ACT cloned another cow-like animal, the banteng (Bos javanicus), which into the early decades of the twenty first century, lived in the San Diego Zoo in San Diego, California.
ACT sought to research and clone human embryonic cells in addition to animal cells, but in 2001 the President of the United States, George W. Bush, blocked new federal funds for research into stem cells that used cells from embryos previously uncultured. Michael West, the ACT's chief executive officer, claimed that ACT researchers produced the first cloned human embryo soon after Bush's decision in late 2001. West's claims were shown to be spurious, engendering public distrust towards ACT. Lanza continued to promote and represent ACT despite the fallout and the discontinuation of ACT's involvement in human embryonic research.
In 2003, along with new ACT colleagues Young Chung and Irina Klimanskaya, Lanza reinitiated human embryonic experiments after continued successes on animal cells. The team received approval from external ethics boards and, with money from ACT's animal research, they cloned a sixteen cell embryo.
Lanza and ACT struggled for funds because the government still would not fund stem cell research into new stem cell lines, so they relied on private funds. Lanza's new project was to use stem cells to counteract degenerative blindness. In 2010, Lanza and their team received 25 million dollars from investors and, in 2012, they attained federal approval to start clinical trials on therapies.
Lanza and synthetic biologist George Church, from Harvard Medical School in Boston, Massachusetts, established a new company. The company aimed to further research on induced pluripotent stem cells to address issues of reproduction for livestock and possibly to clone organisms from extinct species. Into the twenty-first century, Lanza, a bachelor, lived on a small island in the middle of a lake in Clinton, Massachusetts.
Please note: Some are mildly disturbing. But it's mostly just a wonder and a joy that these words exist
Have you ever faked being sick to get the day off from work? Well, you were egroting. Have you ever laid a shampoo bottle on its side to draw the stubborn goop out of the bottom? You were duffifying. Have you ever put a live eel up a horse's behind? Of course you have, and it so happens you were feaguing.
In their book Horologicon, pusblished this month in the U.S., English blogger Mark Forsyth puts together a collection of words that they describe as too beautiful to live long, too amusing to be taken seriously and too precise to be common. They excavated these gems from obscure dictionaries and, thankfully, does not present them in alphabetical order. Instead, they arrange the terms by the time of day one might use them. They don't all fit into this scheme—I mean, when it comes to feaguing, it's five o'clock somewhere, right?!—but it's much more practical than a big, theme-less list.
Here is a sample of the forgotten English slang, technical terms and euphemisms Forsyth found, our gift to your cocktail banter:
chork (v.): to make the noise that feet do when one's shoes are full of water.
Example: “Caught in the rainstorm with no shelter, they were soon chorking their way toward a terrible cold.” Leave it to the Scots, in all their rainy brooding, to have a word for that sloshy squeezing between the toes.
duffifie (v.): to lay a bottle on its side for some time so that it may be completely drained of the few drops remaining.
Example: “The relationship started to fall apart when Dennis uprighted a bottle of ketchup that Sarah had been duffifying for days.” This old Scottish verb is one of those most delightful of miracles—a word for something we all do but never knew had a name.
egrote (v.): to feign sickness in order to avoid work.
Example: “Among lazy men, egroting is a pursuit of perfection.” Forsyth recommends groaning before giving one's name in a weak voice. Alternatively, they say, an egroter can simply call their boss and yell into the phone, “My thighs! My thighs!”
feague (v.): to put a live eel up a horse's bottom; used figuratively to describe encouraging someone or getting their spirits up.
Example: “I've heard Ann Romney's secret to winning dressage is feaguing Rafalca right before the competition.” This word, used in the 1700s by what were apparently kinky horse-traders, came from a reference called Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue.
jehu (n.): a fast or furious driver.
Example: “So I've got an idea for a movie. We get a bunch of jehus—well, that's about it..” A jehu is named for Jehu, a Biblical figure who “driveth furiously” as they went to murder King Ahab by the Lord's decree.
pedeconference (n.): to hold a meeting while walking.
Example: “Roughly 40% of the West Wing is footage of people pedeconferencing.” Because nothing says power meeting like power walking while you're having it.
scuddle (v.): to run with an affected haste.
Example: “Desperate to look important and with nothing to do, they scuddled around the office like a pinball.” Next time someone tries to look busy by dashing about and panting needlessly, call them on their blatant scuddling.
throttlebottom (n.): a dishonest man who holds public office.
Example: “'That Barack Obama is a downright throttlebottom!' said the Tea Party supporter who feigned political opinions so they could wear colonial garb.” Other great political insults include flapdoodler, lollie boy, pollywog and quockerwodger.
uhtceare (n.): lying awake before dawn and worrying.
Example: “Knowing that some object they owned had been secretly put in the toilet bowl, Jerry lay awake, plagued by uhtceare.” Pronounced oot-key-are-a, the word breaks down into two parts: uht, a word for the restless hour before dawn and ceare, an Old English term for care and sorrow.
voyage to the Spice Islands (v.): 18th-century slang for going to the bathroom.
Example: “After eating Thai food, they always had to take a voyage to the Spice Islands. The bathroom could be out of commission for days.” Forsyth also includes an excerpt from a 1653 translation of Rabelais in which toilet paper is called “tail-napkins.”
zarf (n.): the cup-shaped holder for a hot coffee cup that keeps you from burning your fingers.
Example: “Forgetting a zarf often leads to a dangerous game of hot potato.” In the olden days, zarfs were typically metal or ornamental. These days they're referred to as ‘one of those little cardboard thingys.'”
This is an edition of Wednesday Words, a weekly feature on language. For the previous post, click here.
The official ratings for this Sunday's episode of Game of Thrones may be slightly down but the viewers on the internet checked in this week in record numbers.
According to Variety, there were 3.5 million downloads by individual users of “Unbowed, Unbent, Unbroken” in a 24-hour period. This breaks the record set just last week by “Kill the Boy,” episode 5 of this season of Game of Thrones, which was downloaded 3.22 million times in a day.
As Variety notes, this number of downloads (figure supplied by Excipio) only accounts for peer-to-peer sharing sites for downloads and doesn't include streaming-only pirating websites. The true total of pirating viewers is incalculable but likely a lot higher.
Word of mouth about the controversial ending scene of the episode spread fast across the internet Sunday night after the first airing, but that doesn't seem to have deterred many from downloading it, going by these figures. It'll be interesting to see if that holds true in the coming weeks, with the fallout from “Unbowed, Unbent, Unbroken.” Memorial Day will likely affect people's viewing habits but it won't keep the pirates away for long, that's for certain.
France Komoroske
New Zealand has decided to return some of the assets it seized from MegaUpload founder Kim DotCom, according to reports.
A high court there has bumped up the accused pirate's monthly living allowance from $20,000 in New Zealand currency to $60,000, the equivalent of $48,500 in U.S. currency, according to a report in the New Zealand Herald. In addition, the court is allowing them the use of one of their late-model Mercedes vehicles.
Police arrested DotCom at the mansion they lived in outside Auckland on January 19 at the request of the United States government. The U.S. Department of Justice alleges that DotCom is the mastermind of a criminal enterprise designed to help the masses pirate music and movies. U.S. officials say they made millions via piracy and seek to extradite DotCom to this country to stand trial. DotCom has denied wrongdoing and has said that MegaUpload was a legitimate cyberlocker service.
According to U.S. officials, the MegaUpload indictment is the largest Internet piracy case ever brought. The bump in living expenses is a victory for DotCom as this will help them pay for their defense. They have said in the past that their lawyers were working for free.
It is unclear whether the court's decision has anything to do with a procedural error made by police when they confiscated their property. They filed for the wrong kind of restraining order and the court ruled last week that the erroneous order was null and void, according to reports. New Zealand legal experts said that as a result, there were a chance authorities would have to return all of DotCom's property.
The money for DotCom's monthly allowance is coming from the interest accrued on the $10 million that DotCom invested in New Zealand government bonds.
Update 9:11 a.m. PT: The company hosting MegaUpload's files said this morning that it can't bear the financial burden any longer of maintaining the tremendous amount of user files without some help. Read about it here.
This is a very simple recipe for vegetarian tacos that will not make you miss the meat in the slightest.
Ingredients:
2 small onions
6 habanero peppers (depending on how spicy you want it)
3 tbs cumin
3 tbs vegetable oil
16 oz. diced tomato
32 oz. black beans
16 oz. fat free refried beans (since normal refried has lard)
16 oz. corn
8 oz. mixed cheddar and jack cheese
36 taco shells
1/2 head of lettuce
3 avocados
3 tbs lime juice
3 tbs chopped cilantro
1 tsp salt
2 cloves of garlic
Comfortably feeds 6.
You may notice that there is way more food in the picture. I had a great excess of filling which will be used to make a bean dip in the future.
Preheat oven to 400F
Filling:
Peel your onions and either dice them yourself, or dice them in a food processor. If you have a food processor this whole meal will go a lot smoother.
Cut of the tops of your habaneros, remove seeds, (Use something small and slightly pointy. I have some measuring spoons that work well) and dice. I did these in the food processor as well. If you do that don't breath in immediately after you take off the top, unless for some reason you really like keeling over and coughing.
Safety tip: After touching hot peppers do not touch your eyes or other sensitive parts of your or others' bodies until you have very thoroughly washed your hands.
Heat a large saucepan or wok on medium, add oil, and when the oil is heated add onions and peppers and cook until the onions start to become translucent. Add cumin, then cook for about another minute.
Thoroughly strain your diced tomatoes, then add them and cook for about another minute.
Next strain your black beans and mash them. I again used a food processor, but a potato masher or even a fork will do. The result is a purple paste that I find quite attractive.
Add this bean paste along with your refried beans, and strained corn. Remove from heat. You now have taco filling. I had to switch to a large bowl midway through this process because my wok was nowhere near big enough.
Tacos:
Put a large spoonful or two of this mixture and a generous sprinkling of cheese into each taco shell, then place in a baking dish.
Pictured: Half of the tacos.
Bake until the shells start to brown and the cheese melts (25-30 minutes)
Dice your lettuce to serve with the tacos.
Guac:
Blend the avocados, cilantro, garlic lime juice and salt. This is an admittedly unimpressive recipe, but it looks very green.
Finally plate your tacos and consume.
Advertisements
An Information Letter Request filed with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) by a homeowner in Austin, Texas, is drawing increasing attention to the apparenty negative tax implications of the city's Value of Solar Tariffs (VOSTs) scheme.
As a result of the request, the IRS will formally review VOSTs and their impact on taxpayers, according to rooftop solar advocacy group Alliance for Solar Choice.
Austin's VOST scheme, which it implemented in 2012, is currently the only choice for homeowners to receive compensation for the solar energy they provide to the grid. The Alliance says Austin can reinstate net metering alongside the VOST to address the tax problem. Net metering would allow solar customers to get credit on their utility bills at the retail rate for any excess power their rooftop solar installations send back to the grid, the group adds.
Under the VOST policy, solar customers cannot use the power generated by their solar systems. Instead, they must sell all the power their solar systems produce to the utility at a price set by the utility (and often reevaluated on an annual basis). At the same time, they must continue to purchase all their electricity from the utility just like homeowners who do not have solar power. Utilities support VOSTs over the widely effective net metering policy, the Alliance says.
The group cites a 2013 legal memo from national law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom that argues VOSTs both jeopardize homeowners' ability to claim the 30% federal investment tax credit (ITC) and increase their income taxes.
"VOST schemes expose unassuming homeowners to thousands of dollars in additional taxes," said Bryan Miller, co-chairperson of The Alliance for Solar Choice. "Austin can resolve this tax burden quickly and easily by making the VOST optional and giving homeowners the choice to utilize net metering alongside it."
The IRS is now expected to make a determination on the impact of VOSTs on income taxes and ITC eligibility.
"This IRS review will not only impact Austin, but also influence discussions about potential VOSTs in major U.S. solar markets including California and New York," the Alliance points out.
Net metering exists in 43 U.S. states, and polls across the country show overwhelming support for the policy, the group adds.
Belarusian police have located three female activists from the Ukrainian women's rights group Femen who say they were abducted and terrorized by security forces after they staged one of their signature topless protests against the regime of President Alyaksandr Lukashenka in Minsk.RFE/RL's Belarus Service reports that the women, who were found in the Yelsk district of the country's southeastern Homel region, were taken to a local hospital for medical examinations. They are now said to be at a local police station.A correspondent for the Belarusian news agency Belapan reported that doctors observed bruises on the women's hands and other parts of their body.The women told journalists at the scene that on the evening after their protest on December 19, they were at a Minsk bus station when six men abducted them and brought them to a forest far from the capital.They repeated details about their ordeal that Femen's leader, Anna Hutsol, had told RFE/RL earlier in the day from Kyiv."They are alive but not in good health. They are very scared," Hutsol said. "They drove them around in a car all night, then brought them to the woods, poured oil on them, threatened to set them on fire, threatened them with a knife, cut their hair with a knife, videotaped everything, and then left them in the woods."Hustol identified the three women as Aleksandra Nemchinova, Oksana Shachko, and Inna Shevchenko and said the KGB seized their documents.Aleksei Emelyanenko, a spokesperson for the Ukrainian Embassy in Minsk, told RFE/RL that the women's identities could not immediately be confirmed. "We hope to be able to return them to Ukraine soon and from our side, we will continue to follow their situation," they said.Earlier in the day, Kyiv sent its embassy consul in Minsk to the region to investigate the story. They later met with the activists.RFE/RL's Belarus Service spoke to people in Byaki, the village where the women were found. They said the women told them that after being terrorized in the woods, their captors had brought them to the nearby border with Ukraine and ordered them to cross it. The women instead made their way to the village, where a local resident took them in.A man who gave their name as Yuri told RFE/RL that they had lent the activists their mobile phone so they could reach Hutsol.The Belarusian authorities have not publicly commented on the women's allegations.But earlier on December 20, Ukrainian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Oleksandr Dikusarov told RFE/RL that officials in Minsk said no one had detained the activists and the women had left the city voluntarily.Femen, which claims to have hundreds of members and thousands of supporters, formed in 2008 to protest discrimination against women in what the group describes as Ukraine's patriarchal post-Soviet society.Its members' signature strategy of protesting topless has earned the group admiration and ridicule, and no shortage of headlines.The group's agenda has expanded from protesting domestic inequalities to championing international causes.In June, Femen activists wore hijabs, the traditional Muslim head scarf, but nothing on top, at a protest in front of Kyiv's Saudi Arabian Embassy over Riyadh's ban on women drivers. They've also stopped traffic in Zurich and caused a stir at the Vatican.Earlier this month, Femen attempted to stage a protest in Moscow before Russia's parliamentary elections, but were quickly overpowered by security guards.On December 19, the first anniversary of Belarus's disputed presidential election, the activists gathered in front of the KGB headquarters in Minsk to express solidarity with the demonstrators, politicians, and journalists who were detained in the ensuing protests and government crackdown.Bare-chested and wearing fake Lukashenka-style mustaches, the women held placards that read, "Freedom to political prisoners" and "Long live Belarus," a mantra of the protest movement.One Femen member painted a red star on their stomach and partially shaved their head in imitation of Lukashenka's receding hairline.Several journalists were arrested while attempting to cover the group's demonstration.While Femen's activities are largely tolerated in Ukraine, all signs of dissent are quickly quashed under the Lukashenka regime.To intimidate activists and protesters, security forces have used tactics similar to what FEemen says happened to its three members.Ukrainian human rights activist Yevhen Zakharov told RFE/RL that if the group's claims are confirmed, those responsible must be held accountable."If this information is confirmed and it is in fact torture [used against Femen activists in Belarus], then Ukraine should demand the punishment of the law-enforcement officers responsible for it. If that is not done, then measures of diplomatic pressure should be taken against Belarus. In my view, this cannot be left without a response," they said.Hutsol, meanwhile, pledged to take matters into their own hands if necessary. "We'll do everything to have the Belarusian ambassador to Ukraine deported from here," they said from Kyiv. "If they don't leave tomorrow, we'll take them to the woods ourselves and shave their head."Written by Richard Solash, based on reporting by RFE/RL's Belarus and Ukrainian services
Man convicted in 1989 of stabbing Seymour woman to death and dumping their body in river is set free
David Weinberg, 58, convicted of killing Joyce Stochmal in 1984, in court Thursday in Waterbury. David Weinberg, 58, convicted of killing Joyce Stochmal in 1984, in court Thursday in Waterbury. Photo: LAUREN SCHNEIDERMAN — Hartford Courant Photo: LAUREN SCHNEIDERMAN — Hartford Courant Image 1 of / 15 Caption Close Man convicted in 1989 of stabbing Seymour woman to death and dumping their body in river is set free 1 / 15 Back to Gallery
WATERBURY >> A Superior Court judge ordered David J. Weinberg — convicted in 1989 of the 1984 stabbing murder of 19-year-old Joyce Stochmal of Seymour — released on time served Thursday, following seven years of work by the Connecticut Innocence Project and some blistering criticism from four of the victim's siblings.
The approval of a “sentence modification” by Judge Roland D. Fasano allowed Weinberg, now 58, to be released after serving 26 years of a 60-year “life sentence” — although credit for good behavior and other time they earned raised the time they are credited with serving to 39 years and 27 days.
Fasano's decision, which the Stochmal family knew was coming, came after they approved a stipulated agreement between the state, the Public Defender's Office and the Connecticut Innocence Project, which is a program within the Public Defender's Office.
The agreement was prompted by what Waterbury State's Attorney Maureen Platt described as five “problems” with the state's case that called into question whether a conviction could be secured were it to be tried again.
Platt, members of the Stochmal family and Connecticut Innocence Project Director Darcy McGraw all pointed out that as part of the negotiated agreement, Weinberg's conviction will stand — something that both Platt and Marianne Stochmal Heffernan, Joyce Stochmal's older sister, said was important to the family and the state.
But that didn't lessen the pain felt by Stochmal's family.
“Today, the state of Connecticut released a guilty, convicted murderer from their life sentence,” said Heffernan, a former New Haven Register reporter and bureau chief, flanked by family members on the steps of the courthouse after the proceeding ended.
“It's hard to believe, but yes, it is possible for a convicted murderer to walk out of a courthouse as a guilty person allowed to go free,” said Heffernan, who was two years older than their sister and Joyce Stochmal's twin brother, John, who died in 2002.
According to testimony in their trial, Weinberg drove by Joyce Stochmal as they were walking along Route 188 in Seymour to their job at a dog kennel, carrying their purse and a duffel bag holding a makeup case and a change of clothes, included jeans, a T-shirt and underwear. Police said they grabbed them and took them to an area beneath Steel Bridge in Newtown, where they stabbed them 17 times and left their body in Lake Zoar, a dammed section of the Housatonic River.
Them body was found three days later by three people out fishing.
Heffernan said it has been nearly 33 years “since David Weinberg killed our Joyce. But the Connecticut Innocence Project and the state of Connecticut decided that 26 years in prison out of a 60-years-to-life sentence is ‘good enough.' ... Today, the state of Connecticut and its judicial system failed us all.”
McGraw declined to comment beyond what they said in court.
Under the terms of the agreement, Weinberg waived “any and all claims” with regard to the most recent court proceedings and any challenge “to the validity of their underlying conviction or sentence for murder.”
That included any right to apply “for any writ of habeas corpus,” any petition for a new trial, sentence review or pardon and any right to pursue civil action.
Neither party conceded “that the claims or defenses of the other has merit” — and all parties stipulated “that the petitioner is not hereby exonerated or otherwise determined to be innocent of the charges.”
The proceedings took place in a courtroom filled with pain and bitterness, with McGraw pointing out that while they acknowledged the Stochmal family's obvious pain, Weinberg — who has maintained their innocence since they were first confronted by police — lost both their mother and father while they were in prison.
Nearly 60 people attended — at least 28 of them Stochmal relatives, family members said.
Weinberg, whose balding head is now shaved and whose beard is now white, showed little emotion as they sat with their hands clasped at a table in a packed courtroom between their two attorneys, McGraw and Senior Assistant Public Defender Barbara Sorrentino, listening to the court proceedings.
Their face flushed several times, however, as Stochmal family members called them a murderer — and any number of other things — and described the damage that the actions they were convicted of had done to their family and themselves.
Brother Joseph Stochmal, who read a statement along with Heffernan, their brothers James and Paul Stochmal and Paul Stochmal's wife, Karen Stochmal, repeatedly called Weinberg a “monster” whose past crimes had included “burning down a church, mutilating animals, sexual assault, threatening to kill a local business owner and their wife, and making harassing phone calls for over 2.5 years.”
They talked about how the loss of Joyce Stochmal changed the big family — which used to celebrate all the holidays together — especially Christmas Eve, which was Joyce and John's birthday, when they would get together and eat pierogis and sauerkraut soup and break oplatki — Polish Christmas wafers.
“That all changed on the night of Aug. 3, 1984 when Joyce was taken from us by a monster,” they said. In more recent years, “We no longer really celebrate holidays or birthdays. Christmas Eve is the most difficult day for our family to get through. ... Over time we have tried to get back to a life of normalcy, but you never truly do. There is always something missing.”
James Stochmal said that they think the witnesses, the prosecutor and court got it right the first time and “in this case (the Connecticut Innocence Project) got it 100 percent wrong.”
They said that before Thursday's proceedings that while their emotions range from anger to hate, “I asked God, I asked Jesus, ‘Tell me what to say,'” and that the answer came in three words, which if they had a chance to speak directly with Weinberg, they would say: “I forgive you.”
Their older sister, Heffernan, reminded the court that “we are the victims here today, given that label by David Weinberg. ... We have been wronged by the justice system. We have been terrorized by David Weinberg. We have been abused by the Innocence Project and we have a right to feel this way.”
They pointed out their sister in nine poster-sized blow-ups that the family mounted on the windows along the right side of the courtroom as they faced the judge.
They also told Fasano that “every year since 1984, there has been an empty seat at our dinner table on Christmas Eve.” They said that “as the only girl left in our family, I also lost freedom” because of the fears their family had.
“David Weinberg stole that freedom from me, and in doing so, inflicted horrific fear into my father and the rest of my family,” they said, adding later, “I miss having a sister, every day of my life.”
Paul Stochmal called Weinberg “a selfish, brutal animal,” as well as “a lying, convicted killer, still trying to cheat the system.
“God knows they committed this crime, I know it and they know it,” they said. “As a Christian, my faith tells me I have to forgive him. That is not an easy thing.”
They said of the Connecticut Innocence Project, “You don't know what kind of animal you are letting out of their cage.” They suggested that McGraw “let them sleep at your house.”
Karen Stochmal read a statement from Joyce Stochmal's parents.
According to Platt, the problems with the state's case included two statements that McGraw said they found “in a box” that never were turned over to the defense, in which a woman identified in court as “L.C.” — someone who Platt said was “known to be disturbed” — allegedly said that they killed Joyce Stochmal and threw their purse into Lake Zoar, weighted down by pieces of asphalt.
All the contents were intact except for money, the woman told police, they said.
The two statements, one to Meriden police and one to state police “were not consistent with one another,” Platt said, but they acknowledged that “the statement should have been turned over” to Weinberg's attorney at the time, New Haven attorney John R. Williams.
But Platt said that to their knowledge, the state “did not have” the statements and they came from the Weinberg family.
McGraw later said she's the one who found them.
Platt also described problems with the analysis of fibers and hairs found in Weinberg's car and at a site where evidence allegedly was burned.
While testimony in the trail suggested that fibers from both locations appeared to be consistent, “the rules of evidence have changed” since then and the state can no longer say that they were identical.
There also were problems with a knife found in Weinberg's home that expert witness Henry C. Lee testified was stained with blood that could be animal or human. Subsequent analysis suggests it could only be animal blood, they said.
McGraw alleged that Lee “testified falsely” and “knew or should have known” that the substance either was animal blood or something other than blood, they said.
Lee also testified at that time that fine hairs found in Weinberg's car were consistent with Joyce Stochmal's hair, but testing since then shows that two of the hairs were not theirs and “there were chains of custody issues” with the third hair, said Platt..
In addition, more sophisticated modern analysis of DNA found under Stochmal's fingernails now excludes both Stochmal and Weinberg, Platt said.
House Republican Leader Themis Klarides, who attended the hearing, called for reforms to restrict convicted felons from earning “good time” credits to get out of prison early — and said a hearing will take place March 20 on legislation that would prohibit anyone sentenced prior to 1994 from doing so.
Previous legislation eliminated good time credits for inmates sentenced since 1994.
“The Stochmal family members have endured so much pain since they lost Joyce nearly 33 years ago, and the early release of their murderer today compounds their suffering,” Klarides said in a release. “We need to change the laws to make them tougher and clearer when it comes to crediting violent felons for simply serving their sentences.”
The vacancy rate for rental housing in Los Angeles is now under 3 percent, fourth-lowest in the nation and a major contributor to rapidly rising rents. Higher vacancy rates mean landlords must compete for potential tenants; under about 5 percent, landlords hold the leverage as potential renters are forced to compete for a very limited supply of housing. We've been under 5 percent vacancy since 2011, and Measure S will guarantee that we stay there for the foreseeable future. That's good news for property owners, and bad news for the two-thirds of LA residents who rent their homes, and for anyone who cares about equity or affordability.
The pro-initiative folks will tell you that this is all irrelevant, since the new housing is all targeted at rich people anyway. Putting aside the fact that those luxury units are often accompanied by on-site affordable housing, they're still wrong. Going back all the way to the bungalow era, new housing has almost always been targeted at higher-income residents. Over time these new units age, better options become available, and the older ones “filter” down to moderate and lower income households. We understand this intuitively when it comes to cars—we would be surprised if we learned that a friend of modest means had purchased a 2016 Honda Civic, but not a 2008 model—but fail to apply the same logic to housing. In one paper, author Stuart Rosenthal found that residents living in 20-year-old housing earned about half as much as residents in new units. Unfortunately, Los Angeles has very little 20- and 30-year old housing thanks to decades of anti-development sentiment. The NII would guarantee that we're in the same position 20 more years in the future.
Other recent research has shown that Bay Area communities that built a lot of housing experienced about half as much displacement as communities that built very little. San Francisco is one of the few cities in the U.S. that has taken a stronger anti-development posture and has spent more on affordable housing (per capita) than Los Angeles. Despite this principled stand, San Francisco is now dramatically more unaffordable than LA, and it is doomed. How will adopting more SF-like policies lead to a more affordable city? The initiative's backers have no legitimate response, and that should scare you.
They would love for you to believe that by supporting Measure S you will stop evictions and house-flipping—that you will "Save Our Neighborhoods." The bare fact, though, is that stopping new development will only make matters worse. New residents are moving here whether or not we build homes for them, as they have for decades; the question is whether investors are allowed to use their capital to build new units to house them, or they're forced by the NII's restrictions to spend their money elsewhere, upgrading existing homes, ultimately increasing evictions like those seen at the Westwood Senior Center and further supplementing the wealth of those lucky enough to own property in Los Angeles. Measure S does absolutely nothing to prevent this kind of investment, and by blocking new development it will only accelerate the impacts on our existing housing stock.
3. It's disingenuous.
As you've already read, there's a lot about this initiative that's rooted in false promises.
Perhaps the most disingenuous aspect of this proposal, though, is the apparent motivation behind it. Michael Weinstein, head of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation, has been the driving force behind Measure S, and was driven to action by a two-tower project adjacent to their Hollywood offices. They and their team have said that the project is out of scale with the neighborhood, but that claim rings hollow when the office of Weinstein themselves is next door, on the 22nd floor of the Sunset Media Tower.
Given that this is just a few feet shorter than the proposed Palladium residences, one is inclined to ask: If a Hollywood tower was good enough for you and your organization to call home, what's so horrible about a few more springing up nearby, giving people new places to live and work just a few blocks from a Red Line subway station? Wouldn't that help create a more cohesive community character? Maybe, just maybe, it has more to do with the loss of a beautiful view and a cheap parking spot than anything as principled as “the future of the city.” Just a thought.
The U.S. military is not prepared to meet catastrophic threats at home, and it is suffering from an "appalling gap" in forces able to respond to chemical, biological and nuclear strikes on U.S. soil, according to a congressional commission report released yesterday.
The situation is rooted in severe readiness problems in National Guard and reserve forces, which would otherwise be well-suited to respond to domestic crises but lack sufficient personnel and training, as well as $48 billion in equipment because of deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan, according to a report by the Commission on the National Guard and Reserves.
Guard readiness has continued to slide since last March, when the panel found that 88 percent of Army National Guard units were rated "not ready," said retired Marine Maj. Gen. Arnold L. Punaro, the commission chairperson.
"We think there is an appalling gap in readiness for homeland defense, because it will be the Guard and reserve that have to respond for these things," they said in an interview, noting that the reserves are present in 3,000 U.S. communities. The commission, which was established in 2005, has 12 members, including several other former military officers.
"Because the nation has not adequately resourced its forces designated for response to weapons of mass destruction, it does not have sufficient trained, ready forces available," the report said. "This is an appalling gap that places the nation and its citizens at greater risk."
The Pentagon and Congress must transform and upgrade the nation's military reserves into an operational force with many of the same capabilities as active-duty forces, said the 400-page report. The military must also carry out the same kind of exhaustive contingency planning for domestic attacks and catastrophes as it does for those overseas, said the report, which includes 95 recommendations.
"You shouldn't be dealing with WMD scenarios with 52 pickup," Punaro said, referring to a joke that involves scattering a deck of cards. "It needs to be part of the deliberative planning process."
The commission criticized steps taken by the Defense Department and Congress to create an operational reserve force as "reactive" and "timid," saying there has been no serious debate on the matter vital to national security.
Greater funding is needed to fully train and equip the military's 836,000 selected reserves so they can operate interchangeably with the active-duty personnel, Punaro said. They noted, however, that the reserves are highly cost-effective, contributing about 44 percent of U.S. military personnel but consuming only 9 percent of the Pentagon budget.
"It's a food fight over resources going on right now," Punaro said. "DOD can't have it both ways. They can't say they want it, 'but only if we don't have to pay for it,' " they said.
Punaro said they expect a "quick turnaround" on the latest recommendations, praising Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates as a "bureaucracy buster" who embraced 20 of 23 proposals the commission made in its interim report last March.
The panel also recommended that the Pentagon provide the bulk of support to civilian authorities if local responders are overwhelmed by a major catastrophe; that state governors be allowed to command federal troops in response to disasters; and that the head or deputy head of U.S. Northern Command, which leads the Pentagon's homeland defense efforts, be a Guard or reserve officer.
Since the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, nearly 600,000 reservists have served in Iraq, Afghanistan or other countries as part of the anti-terrorism campaign, and the use of reservists has risen more than fivefold, according to the report. Without a strong reserve force, the nation would be more likely to have to resort to a draft, which would be unfeasible both politically and militarily, Punaro said.
How long can Angela Merkel resist the mounting pressure on them to shift their stance on the euro? Not only France, Italy and Spain, but also the European commission, the IMF and the Obama administration are urging Germany to accept eurobonds (collective eurozone borrowing), bigger bailout funds to intervene in sovereign bond markets and a banking union, which would include common deposit insurance and bank recapitalisation schemes. For now, however, the lady is not for turning. When EU leaders meet in Brussels on 28 and 29 June, they are unlikely to agree on the concrete steps that would convince financial markets they were serious about saving the euro.
According to one EU official who has worked closely with Merkel, they react badly when other governments gang up against her: recent public criticism from François Hollande, the French president, and Mario Monti, the Italian prime minister, has only made them more stubborn. But the official points out that since the euro crisis began they have carried out several U-turns (for example, by agreeing to set up bailout funds). They have also told their fellow leaders that the euro is in Germany's national interest and that if, in a crisis, new measures are required, they will take them. What they will not do is spell out in public the steps they are prepared to take, lest that encourage other governments to relax their efforts to curb budget deficits and enact reforms.
When Merkel says that they will do whatever it takes to save the euro, they are presumably sincere. But in a crisis would they be able to move quickly enough? They face severe domestic political constraints. Many Bundestag members oppose greater generosity to southern Europe. In that they reflect German public opinion, which is becoming more hostile to bailouts. Furthermore, Germany's constitutional court could block further transfers of power to the European Union.
Not unreasonably, most Germans are reluctant to support schemes such as eurobonds unless other eurozone countries are willing to submit their economic policies to more control by EU institutions. Otherwise the southern Europeans could borrow cheaply via eurobonds and then spend, spend, spend. Monti and Mariano Rajoy, the Spanish prime minister, are willing to accept more EU control. But Hollande shows no signs of wanting to do so.
In fact, Hollande's current policies are making it hard for Germany to change its policies on the euro. They appear allergic to the kinds of structural economic reform that would boost France's waning competitiveness, such as deregulating labour markets (he is lowering the pension age while other European governments are raising it). Rather than trying to constrain state spending – which at 56% of GDP is the highest in the EU after Denmark – they are increasing it. A swath of new taxes on business is likely to discourage investment and thus stunt economic growth. And Hollande seems to be no more willing than Nicolas Sarkozy was to give the EU a bigger say over French budgetary policy.
The story of the euro, like that of the EU itself, is one of Franco-German bargaining. The current disconnection between Paris and Berlin is undermining the euro. In the long run the euro is not sustainable without a grand bargain between France and Germany. Germany will need to accept the principle of eurobonds, some sort of banking union, softer budgetary targets for the countries in difficulty, and the writing off of more of those countries' debts. In return France and the other euro countries will have to swallow both structural reforms that would enhance productivity and greater EU sway over budgets and other economic policies.
At the moment such a grand bargain is impossible, and not only because Paris and Berlin are far apart on policy. Merkel and Hollande do not trust each other. The history of Franco-German relations suggests that, even when two leaders initially get on badly (think of Jacques Chirac and Gerhard Schröder, or Nicolas Sarkozy and Angela Merkel), they eventually find a way of working together.
However, the financial markets may not wait. The next eurozone crisis could be imminent, perhaps provoked by a bank run in Spain or Italy, or those countries having to pay so much to borrow that they are effectively frozen out of the bond markets. Those who wish the euro well must hope that, in an emergency, Merkel and Holland will overcome their differences, act decisively and bring the other leaders along with them.
But electoral politics could still spoil the best efforts to salvage the euro. In the Netherlands, parties that oppose austerity at home as well as more money for bailouts could win September's general election. Monti's government, increasingly unpopular in Italy, could fall long before the elections that are due next spring. Many things could go wrong but, if France and Germany work together, the euro has a sporting chance of survival.
• Follow Comment is free on Twitter @commentisfree
There have been a lot of downloads of my initial vCAC Prereq Automation script that I released in December 2013. I had written that specifically for Server 2008 and as some of you found out, it didn't work for Server 2012. Although there was only a slight modification needed, many were unsure of what to change. This led me to creating v2 of the script, which also includes another feature.
I received an email last month from a customer who had run into issues running their script (modified to work for Server 2012) in that, if the 2012 machine is not connected to the internet, it fails to run the prereq script successfully. This is due to the .Net framework 3.5 files not being installed by default in the latest OS. When installing the Windows Feature, it reaches out to Microsoft's servers to download the needed files. Our customer's VM's are located in an isolated environment and therefore, the script would fail.
The solution to this has been added to v2 of this script. v2 will run on both Server 2008 and Server 2012, as well as if it is not connected to the internet.
What's New?
The script will now read the OS version upon startup and set the prerequisites accordingly. When it goes to install the Windows Features it will try to ping google.com (this can be substituted for any other site or location). If this is unsuccessful it will then check a variable ‘$installsource' (which can be defined by editing the script prior to running) to see if the folder exists. If it does, the script will continue. If the folder does not exist, it will then ask you to type the location of the files within the PowerShell session.
The files required by Server 2012 are located in the Operating System ISO under ‘Sources\sxs' The default location the script is set to check is ‘D:\sources\sxs' change as applicable.
There is no need to have multiple versions of this script for different operating systems, enjoy!
Where can I get it?
You can grab the new script HERE from my github repo.
Thank you to Chip Zoller for reaching out to me and filling me in on this find on Server 2012.
It's official – we've finally got our first glimpse at Marvel's Black Panther on the set of ‘Captain America: Civil War'. And they look pretty awesome.
Snapped on set in Berlin by photographer Andreas Meyer, it appears to be a stuntman inside the Black Panther costume. But while Chadwick Boseman was nowhere to be seen, this is our first glimpse at the awesome new suit.
- Could Marvel's Ant-Man Get A Prequel?
- Kenneth Branagh Will Not Direct Thor: Ragnarok
- Black Panther's Civil War Role Revealed
“#ChadwickBoseman as #BlackPanther and #SebastianStan as #BuckyBarnes #filming in #Berlin for #CaptainAmerica #CivilWar #Action #Stunt #marvel #marvelcomics”
As you can see, this rather impressive Black Panther suit very closely resembles the official concept art which was unveiled alongside the film's official announcement. Sporting a full, jet-black suit and signature panther-style headpiece, it's a rather imposing costume.
And from the set photos, it looks as though he's getting stuck right into the action, as they chase down Bucky Barnes – aka the Winter Soldier – across the rooftops of the German capital.
How does this play into the larger ‘Civil War' storyline? For now, that remains unclear… but with both Captain America and the Falcon appearing on set, it looks as though Black Panther has been caught up in the super-powered conflict.
An even closer look at the costume is revealed during the stunt performer's downtime… and with a clearly tribal-influenced design around the arms and collar, comic book fans are going to be rather pleased with their big-screen look.
Will Black Panther sport a similarly awesome costume in their own solo film? For now, we'll have to wait and see… but hopefully they don't mess with this awesome design too much.
‘Captain America: Civil War' heads to cinemas on 6 May 2016.
- Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Title Revealed
- Channing Tatum Learns Card Tricks For Gambit
- Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Will Be More Emotional
Picture Credit: Marvel
Art in Hats – the biggest hat event in Second Life returns this year bigger and better than ever!
This event promotes the artistic design process behind hats and how they initially start life as an art piece, subsequently becoming a fashion accessory when styled. Artists, designers and photographers all work together to create a truly unique event!
There are lots of wonderful things to see and explore, including many fantastic hats for sale and one-of-a-kind pieces will be auctioned. There are even some freebies and a creation your own hat photo contest with fantastic prizes! Pick up your kit at the event!
Skin – Glam Affair
Eyes – Dead Apples
Hat – Louly Loon ‘Chapeau Ecologique' (AIH)
Pose – Diesel Works
Location – Haus of Sandalphon
Advertisements
Four Americans died in the 2012 terror attack in Benghazi, and those who survived saw their stories of heroism told in a Hollywood movie, but the filmmaker whose work was wrongly blamed for touching off the event lives in obscurity, poverty and fear, FoxNews.com has learned.
Nakoula Basseley Nakoula, the Coptic Christian whose short video “The Innocence of Muslims” was initially faulted for sparking the Sept. 11, 2012 terror attack at U.S. diplomatic compounds in Libya, is now living in a homeless shelter run by First Southern Baptist Church in Buena Park, Calif. They have served time in prison, been shamed publicly by the White House and threatened with death.
“I don't believe in democracy anymore,” Nakoula told FoxNews.com. “I don't think there is such a thing as freedom of speech.”
In the aftermath of the Benghazi attack, President Obama and then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton seized on the anti-Islamist film as the cause of a spontaneous protest that turned violent. U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens, Foreign Service Information Management Officer Sean Smith and CIA contractors Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty were killed when armed terrorists laid siege to the compound and set it ablaze.
The story was told in the Michael Bay-directed film "13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi," which starred John Krasinski.
Nakoula's video trailer, posted online and credited to “Sam Bacile,” mocked the Islamic prophet Mohammad – depicting them as everything from a bozo and womanizer to predator and homosexual. Although Obama and Clinton were later forced to acknowledge that the attack was an organized assault by Al Qaeda-linked terrorists, Nakoula was soon charged with eight counts of probation violation, jailed without bail and deemed a “danger to the community.”
Nakoula had previously been convicted of charges relating to bank and credit fraud, and federal prosecutors found their use of the Internet to post the video violated their terms of probation.
Nakoula, who is in their late fifties and has been in the U.S since 1984, declined to elaborate on their post-jail experiences, but said they plan to write a book about their ordeal.
For now, they deferred queries to the Rev. Wiley S. Drake, pastor of the First Southern Baptist Church. In August 2013, Nakoula was relocated from prison to a halfway house – a kind of house arrest although it's a government facility – to serve out the remainder of their time, and a year later was released into Drake's custody. For the past three years, Nakoula has been living at the homeless shelter on church grounds.
Drake, an Arkansas native who ran as an independent for the Presidential nomination in 2008 and again for 2016, said they sought out the controversial filmmaker in 2013 because they had grave concerns for the future of democracy in the United States.
“I wanted to find out what was really going on,” Drake told FoxNews.com. “They accused Nakoula of causing Benghazi, but it could not have been further from the truth.”
According to Drake, the federal government was concerned about the potential threats at the halfway house due to Nakoula's presence, and agreed to release them to the church. Amid the hoopla sparked by their film and the finger-pointing, Nakoula indeed became a hot target for Islamic fatwas. In 2012, an Egyptian court sentenced them – in absentia – to death for defaming the religion and a Pakistani minister issued a $100,000 reward to have them killed.
Drake said that they have received a few anonymous phone threats – the last being about a year ago – but they refuse to back down.
“I have purposely not hidden that Nakoula is here,” they continued. “I'm not afraid of anything.”
Steven Davis, director of security management at the church, stressed that they take Nakoula's precarious position as a “high value target” very seriously and said the church has well-trained personnel should any external threats arise.
“I talk to them on a regular basis, check they aren't being followed,” Davis said. “It is hard to know how far the enemy – radical Islam – will push things.”
Nakoula remains under the supervision of the federal government, so they will likely be at the Church for at least another year. The average stay at the shelter is a few months, enough time for most to “get back on their feet,” said Drake.
Kenneth Timmerman, author of “Deception: The Making of the YouTube Video Hillary and Obama Blamed For Benghazi,” asserts that Nakoula was ultimately “the first victim of Islamic Sharia blasphemy laws in the United States.”
“He was collateral damage, as were the actors and actores who became subject to death threats and fatwas,” Timmerman said. “Nakoula takes the fatwas seriously because they understand they are still active and cannot be rescinded.”
Drake also noted that from time to time they receive phone calls from different people at the State Department checking in on how Nakoula is faring, and while Drake typically gives a vanilla answer, they are concerned for their future. Nakoula has worked various part-time jobs at a pizza parlor and more recently driving for Uber, but as soon as people make the connection between them and Benghazi, work dries up.
“So we have put them to work here,” Drake said. “And they have transportation now so they can go and visit their family nearby, but they want to keep them safe and out of the spotlight.”
It was revealed in last year's House Select Committee hearings on Benghazi that, despite public proclamations otherwise, Clinton was well aware that the attacks were well-crafted and not spurred by “The Innocence of Muslims.”
According to Kris “Tanto” Paronto, one of the CIA security contractors and survivors of the Benghazi mayhem, the first they heard of the infamous movie or even protests was about 36 hours after the attack.
“I was in Germany recovering and had just woken up and I saw [U.S. Ambassador to the UN] Susan Rice mention it as the cause. Honestly, my first thoughts were that this was typical for this administration – spinning the truth,” they told FoxNews.com. “Even then we knew that it was Al Qaeda, and this incident would crush the narrative that we had terrorism under control.”
Paronto stressed that “Innocence of Muslims” played no part in Benghazi, and that the attack was well planned in advance.
“They knew when the ambassador was going to be there and they knew there would be no response when they attacked,” they continued. “He was a high-value target that was vulnerable and they exploited this opportunity to attack the consulate.”
Sources close to Nakoula say they were indeed “proud” of the film's content, and has no reservations in continuing their outspoken stance against the Islamic religion when the timing is right. Drake however, noted that Nakoula has expressed some regret – not for the film's controversial content – but for the trouble and stress it ultimately caused.
“If I could go back, I would do it again,” they told FoxNews.com three years ago from prison. “Everybody gets hurt in this culture. We need the world free of this culture. We have to fight it.”
The U.S State Department declined a request for further comment.
Polish Environment Minister Jan Szyszko, whom green activists have criticised for allowing large-scale logging in the ancient Bialowieza forest, called on Wednesday (21 June) for the woodland to be stripped of UNESCO's natural heritage status, banning human intervention.
Bialowieza, straddling Poland's eastern border with Belarus, includes one of the largest surviving parts of the primeval forest that covered the European plain 10,000 years ago.
It also boasts unique plant and animal life, including the continent's largest mammal, the European bison.
Still seeing Bison every few days, deep in #Bialowieza Forest. Also Red & Roe Deer, Boar, Raccoon Dog, Fox, Red Squirrel, but no Wolf…yet! pic.twitter.com/eoJ2CWHTnt — Richard Broughton (@woodlandbirder) May 7, 2017
“The Bialowieza forest was granted UNESCO natural heritage status illegally and without consulting the local community,” Szyszko said in a statement, after having announced that “a complaint had been lodged with the prosecutor's office” regarding the matter.
#Bialowieza forest disappears tree by tree, at the rate of 200 trees per day, logged by Polish govt. https://t.co/WP4EJnIGi2 — Richard Broughton (@woodlandbirder) June 12, 2017
Szyszko said they found it contradictory for the forest to have UNESCO natural heritage status — which bans any human intervention — and simultaneously belong to the EU's Natura 2000 network of protected areas, which according to Szyszko allows the current logging.
The Polish government has said it authorised the logging, which began in May last year, to contain damage caused by a spruce bark beetle infestation and to fight the risk of forest fires.
But scientists, ecologists and the European Union have protested and activists allege the logging is a cover for commercial cutting of protected old-growth forests.
Szyszko would like to see Bialowieza granted a different UNESCO status – mixed natural/cultural heritage – “and not just natural because man's activity is visible to the naked eye in this forest”, they said.
Greenpeace, whose activists chained themselves to wood-cutting equipment this month to block the logging, immediately denounced Szyszko's Wednesday statement as “further manipulation”.
The environmental group also said logging was in fact out of line with the Natura 2000 rules.
“This is an attempt by the minister to impose their own narrative,” activist Katarzyna Kosciesza, of the ClientEarth environmental group, told AFP.
Szyszko's statement comes two weeks before the annual UNESCO world heritage session, which will take place in the southern Polish city of Krakow this year.
The forest gained the coveted “natural heritage” label in 2011.
Horned owl of the Bialowieza Forest, Belarus pic.twitter.com/g0XeItq8m4 — Nature Photography (@NaturePH0T0S) June 16, 2017
UNESCO has previously expressed concern over the logging, as has the European Commission, which in April warned Warsaw that it could take legal action to halt the logging.
Supernatural delivered some otherworldly numbers Tuesday night. The CW's loooooong-running drama series had its most-watched episode in four years.
Despite being in its ninth season, Supernatural had 2.8 million viewers Tuesday night, its biggest audience since 2010 and tied its season high among 18-49. Lead-in The Originals did okay too, with 2.2 million viewers and a 1.0 rating.
Supernatural faced the State of the Union Address on CBS, ABC, NBC and Fox at 9 p.m., so it was almost certainly helped by the fact it series was the only entertainment program on broadcast during its hour (nothing succeeds like eliminating all the competition). Earlier this month, The CW's president told reporters about Supernatural, “As long as I'm here and those numbers still hold, god bless them, they can go as long as they want.”
The State of the Union ratings will be released later today.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — A bill that would create incentives to adopt children in state care passed the House on Wednesday on a vote made much closer because of opposition from conservative Republicans who don't want gay couples to adopt children despite an appeals court ruling five years ago that said they can.
The bill strips language from state law that bans gay people from adopting children – a practice that has been allowed since the law was found unconstitutional in 2010.
It passed on a 68-50 vote with conservative Republicans joining some Democrats who opposed the bill for other reasons, including a provision that would allow foster children to be home-schooled.
Many of the Republican “no” votes came from the party's most conservative members.
But other Republicans said the important part of the bill is helping kids find homes and that they weren't bothered by the gay adoption issue.
Article continues below
Among those was Republican Rep. Frank Artiles of Miami, the target of criticism from gay and transgender groups for a bill they are sponsoring that would ban transgender people from using public bathrooms assigned to the gender they identify with.
Artiles said same-sex couples should be able to know the joy of parenthood and children should be allowed the opportunity to be in a stable, loving home. They said the ban was wrong.
“I am not a homophobe. I am not a transphobe. I am a father,” Artiles said.
Continue reading →
This Story Filed Under
Two weeks ago, as the S&P was preparing to surge on the latest round of all-time high market-goosing algo trickery by the FOMC, 60 prominent German personalities from the realms of politics, economics, culture and the media were less concerned with blinking red and green stock quotes and were focused on something far more serious to the future of the world: the threat of war with Russia.
In a letter published by Germany's Die Zeit, numerous famous and respected Germans including a former president and former prime minister write "Wieder Krieg in Europa? Nicht in unserem Namen!", or, roughly translated, "War in Europe Again? Not in Our Names!"
The open letter to the German government, parliament, and media, excerpted here, was signed by more than 60 prominent German personalities and published in the weekly Die Zeit on Dec. 5. The initiators were Horst Teltschik (CDU), advisor to then-Chancellor Helmut Kohl at the time German of reunification; Walther Stützle (SPD), former Secretary of State for the Ministry of Defense; and Antje Vollmer (Greens), former Bundestag Vice President. Teltschik said, in motivating the appeal, “We are giving a political signal that the justified criticism of Russia's Ukraine policy should not wipe out all the progress that we have made in the past 25 years in relations with Russia.”
Below is an excerpted translation (source) of the original letter found here.
Nobody wants war. But North America, the European Union, and Russia are inevitably driving towards war if they do not finally halt the disastrous spiral of threats and counter-threats. All Europeans, including Russia, are jointly responsible for peace and security. Only those who do not lose sight of this goal can avoid fatal actions.
The Ukraine conflict shows that the quest for power and domination has not been overcome. In 1990, at the end of the Cold War, we all hoped that it would be. But the success of the détente policy and the peaceful revolutions allowed people to become lethargic and careless. In both East and West. The Americans, Europeans, and Russians all lost, as their guiding principle, the idea of permanently banishing war from their relationship. Otherwise it is impossible to explain either the West's eastward expansion without simultaneously deepening cooperation with Moscow—a policy which Russia sees as a threat—or Putin's annexation of Crimea in violation of international law.
At this moment of great danger for the continent, Germany has a special responsibility for the maintenance of peace. Without the will for reconciliation of the people of Russia, without the foresight of Mikhail Gorbachov, without the support of our Western allies, and without the prudent action by the then-Federal government, the division of Europe would not have been overcome. To allow German unification to evolve peacefully was a great gesture, shaped by the wisdom of the victorious powers. It was a decision of historic proportions.
Once the division of Europe was overcome, permanent peace and security, from Vancouver to Vladivostok, should have developed, as had been agreed by all the 35 heads of state and government of the OSCE member states in November 1990, in the “Charter of Paris for a New Europe.”. . . This goal of postwar policy has not been achieved to this day. People in Europe are forced to live in fear once again.
We, the undersigned, appeal to the Federal Government of Germany to assume its responsibility for peace in Europe. We need a new policy of détente in Europe. This is only possible on the basis of equal security for all and mutually respected partners. The German government is not pursuing a go-it-alone policy, as long as it continues to call, during this stalemate, for calm and dialogue with Russia. The need of the Russians for security is as legitimate as is that of the Germans, the Poles, the Baltic States, and the Ukrainians.
We must also not push Russia out of Europe.... Since the Congress of Vienna in 1814, Russia has been a recognized global player in Europe. All who have tried to change that have failed violently, the last being the megalomaniacal Germany of Hitler, which set out in 1941 to murderously subjugate Russia.
We call upon the members of the German Bundestag, delegated by the people as their political representatives, to deal appropriately with the seriousness of the situation. . . . Whoever is constructing a bogeyman, putting the blame on only one side, is exacerbating tensions, when the signals should be for de-escalation.
We appeal to the media, to more scrupulously adhere to their obligation to provide unbiased reporting than they have hitherto done. Editorialists and leading commentators are demonizing entire nations, without fully taking their histories into account. Any journalist experienced in foreign affairs would understand the Russians' fear, since members of NATO in 2008 invited Georgia and Ukraine to join the Alliance. It is not about Putin. Heads of state come and go. What is at stake is Europe.
On October 3, 1990, the Day of German Reunification, Federal President Richard von Weizäcker said: “The Cold War has been overcome, and freedom and democracy will soon be in place in all countries. . . . This is a challenge. We can achieve it, but we can also fail. We are facing the clear alternative to unite Europe or fall back again into painful historical examples of nationalist conflicts in Europe.”
Until the Ukraine conflict, we here in Europe thought we were on the right track. Today, a quarter of a century later, Richard von Weizäcker's warning is more apropos than ever.
* * *
The full list of signatories:
Mario Adorf, actor
Robert Antretter (Bundestag ret.)
Prof. Dr. Wilfried Bergmann (Vice – President of the Alma Mater Europaea)
Prince Luitpold of Bavaria (Royal Holding and license KG)
Achim von Borries (director and writer)
Klaus Maria Brandauer (Actor, Director)
Dr. Eckhard Cordes (Chairman of the Committee on Eastern European Economic Relations)
Prof. Dr. Herta Däubler-Gmelin (Minister of Justice Retired)
Eberhard Diepgen (Former Governing Mayor of Berlin)
Dr. Klaus von Dohnanyi (Mayor of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg)
Alexander van Dülmen (A-Board Company Filmed Entertainment AG)
Stefan Dürr (Managing Partner and CEO Ekosem-Agrar GmbH)
Dr. Erhard Eppler (Federal Minister for Development and Cooperation retired)
Prof. Dr. Heino Falcke (Propst iR)
Prof. Hans-Joachim Frey (CEO Semper Opera Ball Dresden)
Father Anselm Grün (Fr.)
Sibylle Havemann (Berlin)
Dr. Roman Herzog (Former President)
Christoph Hein (writer)
Dr. Dr. hc Burkhard Hirsch (Bundestag Vice President retd)
Volker horns (Academy Director Retired)
Joseph Jacobi (organic farmer)
Dr. Sigmund Jähn (former astronaut)
Uli Jörges (journalist)
Prof. Dr. Dr. hc Margot Käßmann (EKD Council President and former bishop)
Dr. Andrea von Knoop (Moscow)
Prof. Dr. Gabriele Krone-Schmalz (former correspondent for the ARD in Moscow)
Friedrich Küppersbusch (journalist)
Vera Gräfin von Lehndorff (artist)
Irina Liebmann (writer)
Dr. hc Lothar de Maizière (Former Prime Minister)
Stephen Märki (artistic director of the theater Bern)
Prof. Dr. Klaus Mangold (Chairman Mangold Consulting GmbH)
Reinhard Mey and Hella (Songwriter)
Ruth Misselwitz (Protestant pastor Pankow)
Klaus Prömpers (journalist)
Prof. Dr. Konrad Raiser (eh. General Secretary of the World Council of Churches World)
Jim rocket (Photographer)
Gerhard Rein (journalist)
Michael Röskau (Secretary ret)
Eugen Ruge (writer)
Dr. hc Otto Schily (Federal Minister of the Interior Retired)
Dr. hc Friedrich Schorlemmer (ev. theologian, civil rights)
Georg Schramm (comedian)
Gerhard Schröder (former chancellor)
Philipp von Schulthess (Actor)
Ingo Schulze (writer)
Hanna Schygulla (actor, singer)
Dr. Dieter Spöri (Minister of Economics)
Prof. Dr. Fulbert Steffensky (Cath. Theologian)
Dr. Wolf-D. Stelzner (Managing Partner: Institute for WDS analyzes in cultures mbH)
Dr. Manfred Stolpe (Former Prime Minister)
Dr. Ernst-Jörg von Studnitz (Ambassador)
Prof. Dr. Walther Stützle (secretary of defense Retired)
Prof. Dr. Christian R. Supthut (Board Member Retired)
Prof. Horst Teltschik (former adviser at the Federal Office for Security and Foreign Policy)
Andres Veiel (Director)
Dr. Hans-Jochen Vogel (Federal Minister of Justice retd)
Dr Antje Vollmer (Vice-President of the German Bundestag Retired)
Bärbel Wartenberg-Potter (Lübeck Bishop retired)
Dr. Ernst Ulrich von Weizsäcker (scientists)
Wim Wenders (Director)
Wenzel (Songwriter)
Gerhard Wolf (writer, publisher)
One man was killed and two others were wounded when gunfire broke out Sunday evening in Algiers, police said. The triple shooting was reported after 9 p.m. near Flanders and De Armas streets. Investigators said officers found a man with a gunshot wound to their head. They were taken to a hospital, where they are in critical condition. New Orleans police said another man was found two blocks away at Flanders and Socrates streets. The victim, Robert Rochon, 22, had multiple gunshot wounds and was in the driver's seat of a red car, which had crashed into a building. Rochon was pronounced dead at the scene. Police received notice moments later that another man wounded in the shooting had been taken to a hospital.  They are in stable condition. Few details have been released about the investigation or the circumstances surrounding the shooting. The two wounded men have not been identified. Anyone with information is asked to call Crimestoppers at 504-822-1111. Keep up with local news, weather and current events with the WDSU app here. Sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox. Click here to sign up!
One man was killed and two others were wounded when gunfire broke out Sunday evening in Algiers, police said.
The triple shooting was reported after 9 p.m. near Flanders and De Armas streets.
Advertisement
Investigators said officers found a man with a gunshot wound to their head. They were taken to a hospital, where they are in critical condition.
New Orleans police said another man was found two blocks away at Flanders and Socrates streets. The victim, Robert Rochon, 22, had multiple gunshot wounds and was in the driver's seat of a red car, which had crashed into a building. Rochon was pronounced dead at the scene.
Police received notice moments later that another man wounded in the shooting had been taken to a hospital.  They are in stable condition.
Few details have been released about the investigation or the circumstances surrounding the shooting. The two wounded men have not been identified.
Anyone with information is asked to call Crimestoppers at 504-822-1111.
Keep up with local news, weather and current events with the WDSU app here. Sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox. Click here to sign up!
AlertMe
In the aftermath of last week's latest tragic killing in Munich, in an attempt to redirect mounting public anger away from the perpetrator in particular, and from refugees in general, Germany's Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said, incredulously, that the recent attacks in Germany "are unrelated to Merkel's refugee policy." That this speech took place just before an ISIS suicide bomber blew themselves up also in Germany was awkward. But what was worse is that while Maiziere urged people not to panic, adding "naturally people are concerned and are questioning whether they should change their routines", they hinted at the next step, stating that the "German army could play a domestic role in special cases."
It now appears that whether accidentally or intentionally, obtaining tacit approval to roll out the army during a "crisis", is precisely what Germany was pursuing.
As RT reports, officials in Germany are considering deploying the army inside the country in the wake of multiple attacks, while the governor of Bavaria says Islamic terror has already “arrived.”
Why the dramatic change in tone, and the admission the radical Islam has arrived, something Merkel would not even consider as recently as a few months ago? The answer: to push the "unexpected" army agenda.
“Each attack, each act of terrorism, is one too many. Islamist terrorism has arrived in Germany,” Horst Seehofer, the governor of the German state of Bavaria, told reporters on Tuesday. The official gave a joint news conference with Bavaria's interior minister, Joachim Hermann, following a summit of the local government, where security issues dominated the agenda.
Last week, the country's southern regions, including Bavaria, were shaken by four assaults, three of which were perpetrated by migrants. Officials in Germany are investigating two of the incidents as potentially linked to or inspired by Islamist extremism. Others confirmed that the Islamist threat has officially arrived.
Earlier, following the violence, Bavaria's justice minister, Winfried Bausback, also claimed that Islamist terror has “arrived in Germany,” stressing that the country should “take that into account.”
During Tuesday's press conference, Seehofer said Germany is facing “a new dimension of terror,” while Bavaria's interior minister announced that the state's police ranks would be increased. Hermann also suggested that Germany's army (Bundeswehr) could be used to aid police in dealing with major terror threats. The debate over whether to deploy the Bundeswehr domestically should not wait “until the next attack happens,” they stressed, as quoted by General-Anzeiger. Lawmakers in Berlin are also discussing the possibility of establishing “troops of reservists” to aid police during internal crisis situations, German media outlet Bild reported, citing its own sources.
Suddenly, a pattern emerges: more attacks, more admissions that militant Islam has penetrated Italy, more calls for army deployment. Almost as if on schedule.
It gets better.
In July, Germany approved its new military roadmap, the White Paper, which allows for the use of the German army inside the country in cases of large-scale terror attacks.
Officials in Germany are now also pushing for greater controls and screenings for asylum seekers. “We need to know who is in our country,” Seehofer said on Tuesday, insisting that the authorities should now consider various ways dealing with refugees that commit crimes.
Well that's odd, next thing you know Germany will hire Trump as a immigration consultant.
“You have to seriously consider how such people should be treated if they violate laws or pose a threat,” they told Suddeutsche Zeitung, adding that the country cannot retreat from terror out of a sense of “prudence.”
Meanwhile, Bavaria's interior minister went a step further, suggesting that refugees lacking ID's must be “stopped at the border,” while migrants already in the country should be re-checked. “A deportation into a war zone should not be taboo as well,” Hermann said, referring to criminal refugees.
Bavaria's governor and interior minister are now waiting for the German government to take action, stating that the “people's concerns” should be addressed.
As noted above, Thomas de Maiziere tried to calm emotions somewhat (even if also hinting at the use of the army) following the attacks, saying that refugees “should not be put under general suspicion.”
In reaction, German MP Armin Schuster said: “We need a deportation culture,” as quoted by Stuttgarter Zeitung. “Some people get a feeling they can do whatever they want,” they added, slamming Chancellor Angela Merkel's open-door policy towards migrants.
In the meantime, another MP and member of Merkel's Christian Democratic Party (CDU), Volker Kauder, has also advocated for deportation processes to be sped up. “Criminals should be convicted faster and, where there is a legal possibility, deported,” they said, as quoted by Die Zeit.
Regulating the migrant influx was flagged as a “major task” for Germany in the latest poll conducted by market research company GFK, in which 83% of respondents said they are “concerned” by the number of refugees in Germany – double the figure from last year's report.
It was unclear how many respondents were willing to concede their civil rights and allow the government to roll out the army during any event it considers a crisis, however we are confident that with more such attacks, the number will rise.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A MASSIVE hunt was under way last night to find the culprit who leaked footage of the Queen as a six-year-old doing a Nazi salute.
The grainy black-and-white cine film footage was stored in their private archive, usually only available to relatives, close friends and trusted researchers.
But the 20-second clip of a home movie made eight decades ago at Balmoral was secretly copied and given to the Sun, horrifying the 89-year-old monarch.
Royal sources revealed the Queen was livid when courtiers broke the news and they are said to feel betrayed by whoever leaked the footage.
But the Queen is most hurt that the scenes also showed their beloved Queen Mum joining in the spoof saluting in the grounds of Balmoral Castle, Scotland, in 1933-34.
One insider said: “The Queen was devoted to their mother and knows that she, more than anyone, despised Hitler and inspired the country to stand firm against the Nazis.
“She wants to know who leaked this, how they got it, but most of all, why they did this?”
It is thought the footage may have been copied some years ago by the culprit who somehow had access to the archive in the Round Tower at Windsor Castle.
(Image: Matthew Lloyd/Getty Images)
It shows the Queen Mother and Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret with their uncle Edward, then Prince of Wales.
Three years later, they became king but abdicated 325 days later to marry US divorcee Wallis Simpson.
They were a known Nazi sympathiser and said to have leaked national secrets to the Germans.
A senior royal source said: “Clearly this incident happened when Them Majesty was a child.
“At the time the Nazi party was in the ascendancy in Germany and their manner and salutes were discussed and mimicked.
“It is easy with the benefit of hindsight to criticise this film.
“But to suggest in any way that the Queen or any members of their family had Nazi sympathies is simply not true and hurtful. Them Majesty is livid at the distortion of the truth and betrayal.
“There have been questions about their great uncle the Duke of Windsor and Nazism – but never her, their mother or father.
“Her Majesty has just returned from a trip to the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp.  They are a patriot, they served during the war. They stood by their parents when the palace was bombed. They felt Hitler was abhorrent.”
Buckingham Palace's only official comment was: “It is disappointing that film, shot eight decades ago and apparently from Them Majesty's personal family archive, has been obtained and exploited in this manner.”
The Queen's former press secretary Dickie Arbiter said royal staff would be investigating.
(Image: PA Wire)
They said: “They'll be wondering whether it was held in the Royal Archives at Windsor or by the Duke of Windsor's estate.
“A lot of questions have got to be asked and answered.”
The Queen's uncle, Edward VIII, was famously the man who gave up the throne for love.
But in recent years, evidence has emerged they were forced to abdicate by the British establishment because of their Nazi connections.
In 2002, a formerly secret FBI dossier revealed that the Americans spied on the Duke of Windsor after they became Governor of the
Bahamas in August 1940.
The FBI had been passed intelligence that the duke and duchess were being used by the Nazis to obtain secrets.
In1941, a memo from FBI agents to boss J Edgar Hoover claimed they had proofed the duke had struck a deal with Hitler's deputy Herman
Goering, that “after Germany won the war, Goering, through control of the army, was going to overthrow Hitler and then they would install the duke as King of England”.
Edward, whose mother was a German princess, welcomed Hitler's rise to Chancellor in 1933, believing England was “in great danger from communists too”.
By 1936, the Foreign Office were withholding sensitive papers from the King's diplomatic boxes.
In October 1937, nine months after the abdication, the Duke and Duchess of Windsor visited Germany, dining with Goebbels and Hess.
They were photographed meeting Hitler, who was taken with Wallis. They told aides: “She would have made a good Queen of England.”
“This was a collection of things that the bureau didn't want to be part of the regular filing system because it was considered highly sensitive,'' John Fox, the FBI's official historian, said in an interview.
Indeed, in the opinion of FBI officials, the room was quickly abused. “Some of these files contain no indication as to why, when, or by whom they were placed in this restricted status,'' one memo, dated May 15, 1952, stated.
“These 26 cabinets are presently in one room and because of this weight factor must be moved immediately,'' one Sept. 13, 1961, memo warned. Several years later, another memo reveals, it grew to 79 file cabinets.
On several occasions, the room, which only designated officials could access, became so overcrowded that the contents had to be moved to a larger space out of fear that the Justice Department building where it was first housed could not withstand the weight.
Yet the internal memos discussing the file room and its contents provide a unique window into what the FBI considered some of the most serious domestic security threats, both real and imagined.
Many of the files that were kept there over the years, some designated with cryptic titles such as “raindrop'' and “snitch-jacketing,'' remain secret — if they haven't been destroyed, as one former FBI official speculated.
The memos, spanning the 1950s to the 1980s, were approved for release under the Freedom of Information Act and provided exclusively to the Globe by a researcher outside the FBI who wished to remain anonymous.
But now, for the first time, the FBI has opened its doors — at least a crack — by releasing hundreds of pages of memos outlining why bureau officials have deemed certain information too hot to handle even for most top-level officials.
Established in 1948 under the reign of notoriously secretive FBI director J. Edgar Hoover, it remains in use today at FBI headquarters in Washington to safeguard what the bureau considers its most highly sensitive information.
It is the FBI's “special file room,'' where for decades sensitive material has been stored separately from the bureau's central filing system to restrict access severely and, in more sinis ter instances, some experts assert, prevent the Congress and the public from getting their hands on it.
It is also where the bureau stowed documents considered more embarrassing than classified, including its history of illegal spying on domestic political organizations and surveillance of nascent gay rights groups.
WASHINGTON — It is where the government has hidden the most secret information: plans to relocate Congress if Washington were attacked, dossiers on double agents, case files about high-profile mob figures and their politician friends, and a disturbing number of reports about the possible smuggling of atomic bombs into the United States.
Others who have studied the FBI say the special filing location, at times also referred to as the “confidential file room,'' has also served as a way to protect information about bureau activities that may have been unlawful, such as spying on Americans without probable cause.
“This was a system that allowed FBI officials to say we have searched our central records system and there is no record of illegal conduct'' by the bureau, said Athan G. Theoharis, a former professor at Marquette University and a specialist on the reign of Hoover, who served as the agency's first director, from 1924 to 1972, and who is known to have maintained their own files that they ordered destroyed after their death.
“It was a pretty efficient system Hoover devised,'' Theoharis said. “If you can minimize who knew what the bureau is doing, you can minimize any legal action'' against the bureau if it operated outside of the law.
A majority of the files appear to be related to highly classified activities. Many are excluded from guidelines that require the government to declassify documents after a certain period of time.
Some subjects are considered so secret that even the bureaucratic machinations for putting them into the secret file room were blacked out — such as memos discussing the files about potential spies for China operating in the United States.
In the early years of the Cold War, the FBI began placing thousands of other documents relating to security matters into the special file room, according to Fox and other specialists.
Stashed away were plans to conceal US radars designed to spy on the Soviet military, details of American war plans, and evacuation plans should Washington be attacked. There were several files on the possible threat of smuggled nuclear weapons, including one labeled “Atomic Bomb in Unknown Consul.''
The room was filled with files on Americans believed to be spying for Russia, including Julius Rosenberg, who was executed for selling atomic bomb secrets, and Morton Sobell, an American engineer who spent nearly 18 years in prison for spying for the Soviet Union.
Some of the documents, meanwhile, indicate that the United States was spying on friends during the height of the Cold War. A number of files contained the diplomatic codes of Greece, Panama, Guatemala, Dominican Republic, Nicaragua, Sweden, and even neutral Switzerland, allowing the United States to read secret communications between their diplomats.
Others were more questionable in nature, such as numerous files from the 1950s and 1960s detailing the FBI's spying on early gay rights groups such as The Mattachine Society, which in one 1958 memo was categorized under “internal security.''
Homosexuality, in fact, was for a lengthy period an obsession of the bureau and the focus of multiple domestic intelligence operations, the memos show. Another file was spirited out of the regular bureau filing system because it involved “allegations of homosexuality of some very prominent individuals.''
It added: “In view of the obscene nature of the allegations and the prominence of some individuals mentioned, therein, it is felt that this file should be retained in the Special File Room.''
Other files on domestic spying that were routed to the special file room involved “black nationalist extremists.'' There were also files about an “extremely sensitive counterintelligence technique'' called snitch-jacketing, which apparently involved the FBI spreading false information that members of a targeted group were government informants in order to sow conflict within their membership.
“Secrecy was the key,'' Theoharis said. “Knowledge is power.''
The special filing location was even used to protect information about politicians believed to be involved with criminals.
“The information is of a very sensitive nature in that it contains frequent reference to highly placed persons in Chicago law enforcement as well as city, county, and state political figures and their relations with the hoodlum element,'' one 1960 memo stated, requesting a file be routed to the special room. “References are also made to prominent business people and occasionally newspaper reporters.''
Longtime observers of the FBI say the memos are not just historically valuable, but also provide a roadmap for researchers who can now request some of the files cited in them, at least those with titles or file numbers that appear in the newly released documents. The memos will be posted at governmentattic.org, a website run by volunteers that publishes hundreds of government documents released under the Freedom of Information Act.
But according to Susan Rosenfeld, former FBI historian, many of them have been destroyed as part of regular housekeeping or are no longer stored at the FBI but at other government records centers.
Bryan Bender can be reached at bender@globe.com.
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company.
Over the last couple of years, the Democrats have decided that gun control is no longer a toxic political issue. In fact, they seem to consider it a vital imperative, and support for new restrictions has become something of a litmus test. Presidential candidates Clinton and Sanders have both been strident in calls for new legislation.
One of their primary targets is the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act. The claim is that the PLCAA exempts manufacturers and retailers from any sort of liability for their actions. As Clinton put it,
So far as I know, the gun industry and gun sellers are the only business in America that is totally free of liability for their behavior. Nobody else is given that immunity. And that just illustrates the extremism that has taken over this debate.
This isn't just wrong; it's an utter lie.
During the late years of the Clinton administration, the Mayors of Chicago and Bridgeport decided to sue gun manufacturers for the damage inflicted by the criminal misuse of their products. The whole mess culminated when Smith & Wesson, eager to avoid lawsuits, struck a bargain with the Clinton administration with a wide-reaching set of restrictions on the manufacture and sale of their products. The provisions of the agreement were to be, oddly enough, enforced by the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).
HUD Secretary Andrew Cuomo (yep, one and the same) declared triumph and used the threat of costly litigation to intimidate manufacturers, gleefully warning of "death by a thousand cuts."
The problem is this: they weren't suing the manufacturers for making defective products or for irresponsible marketing. They were suing companies for making guns.
In 2005, the PLCAA was passed to clear this up. It's not a blanket protection. There are still provisions under which suits can be brought for design or manufacturing defects, transfer of firearms in violation of existing law, breach of contract or warranty, or illegal marketing.
What isn't allowed is suing manufacturers for the unforeseen criminal misuse of their products. I can't sue Glock because someone stole one of their guns and shot me with it any more than I can sue Chevrolet because a drunk driver hit me with one of their vehicles.
This whole issue has nothing to do with removing a supposed extralegal protection. It's about being able to bypass the legislative process via punitive lawsuits.
The 2 year Catholic Synod of the Family is over. Was it worth it?
I hate to say it, but the Synod of the Family was essentially a two year debate between bishops over:
Homosexuality. Can a “merciful church” make room for alternative lifestyles?
Can a “merciful church” make room for alternative lifestyles? Communion for the Catholics who were sacramentally married in the Catholic Church, later civilly divorced, and then remarried new partners. Can a “merciful church” modify the teaching of the Catechism and Saint John Paul II and…wait for it…the Second Person of the Trinity (Mk 10:11).
People are still debating the final document and trying to figure who “won.”
While dogma did not change, it was nevertheless a massive failure because it did not speak to the troops on the ground: That is, it did not speak to the families actually trying to live the mystery of Matrimony and family as described by Saint John Paul II and the Catechism.
So what might have been a better game plan for a “Synod on the Family”? How about this:
7 Point Wish List of what a Synod on the Family might have looked like:
A special message from the Pope issued to mothers of children, thanking them for their physical and emotional sacrifices. Thanking these brave women for having resisted the feminist lies they hear every day on TV, Facebook (and in the grocery store from clerks) as they gracefully raise the future Christians and Saints of human civilization. These women have many babies, homeschool, squeeze budgets, and are criticized by clerks and even their own families. Our Catholic women were basically ignored by this Synod. Women are mentioned only 6 times in the Relatio. Motherhood only one time! Shame on the bishops for this. A special message from the Pope to fathers of children, thanking them for resisting the easy-sex hook-up culture and choosing the vocation of monogamy and fatherhood. Thanking them for their financial sacrifices and their fidelity toward their wives and children. Thanking them for mirroring Christ as a faithful Groom. The Pope formally granting a plenary indulgence (with usual conditions) to any couple on their wedding day and every annual anniversary to thank them for taking up the vocation of Holy Matrimony. A Mass to strengthen families. The synod's request that there be a celebration on a certain date in every diocese of a special Mass offered by the bishops for mothers and fathers and their children. We don't want to see our bishops as CEO's within the hedge of the chancery. We desperately desire to see them as a father and shepherd laying their hands on our children and blessing them. Instead of having special meetings between the Pope and transgendered and homosexuals, have the Pope meet, bless, and honor married couples who have been married faithfully for over 50 years and hold them up as examples to the entire Catholic Church. Lots of photos. Lots of interviews. Let's celebrate the heroes of Catholic Holy Matrimony from all cultures. An encouraging document from the Synod for families to be open to large families. Having large families is not “breeding like rabbits.” The Holy Trinity calls having large families “being fruitful,” and They think it's a great thing. It would be nice to hear the Pope and bishops formally recognize the Catholic tradition of large families, and celebrate sacramental spouses that are trying to live it in a culture that is materialistic and anti-life. A strong “Culture of Life” message a la Saint John Paul II. We haven't heart a good Culture of Life vs. Culture of Death rally in awhile. We watch our culture celebrate extramarital sex, pornography, homosexual rights, abortion, etc. daily on Facebook and the news outlets. We would love to have our own Church celebrate the counter-cultural vocation that we are trying to live out for Christ. [UPDATED EXTRA POINT 8: Recognize all the married couples suffering from infertility that remain faithful to the Church's teachings on openness to life without resorting to immoral means of conceiving children, such as in vitro and rented wombs. – This point was recommended by Rebecca Christian after I published this post. Thank you, Rebecca.] [UPDATED EXTRA POINT 9: Address all the children who have been hurt through divorce, sexual confusion, and irregular marriages. There is a growing collection of young people who are scarred by divorce and they themselves are fearful to enter marriage after having watched their parents marriage break apart and after having lived in the fallout. The bishops need to publicly make a plan to “journey with them.” Divorce isn't just “what about who can receive the Eucharist, but “what about our young people”? – This point was recommended by Sharon after I published this post. Thanks Sharon.]
Dear Bishops, these faithful growing families are your biggest assets. They are the ones teaching their children to pray for the bishop every night. They are the ones offering prayers, donations, volunteer time, and support.
These are the families that will give you the priests and religious that you so desperately need in the years to come. They are the ones that will fund your bishop's appeal.
And yet we are mostly neglected by “the hierarchy.” The Church just spent millions of dollars on these two synods (airfare, housing, hotel, security) and to be honest, it was a big let down for those of us leading actually families.
We are “just laypeople” but would you please offer us some tangible encouragement – especially our wives who are viewed as pitiful pawns of an oppressive patriarchy?
We Need Clerical Coaches of Encouragement:
We are now a persecuted minority in the world, and we need some coaches on the sidelines slapping us on the back and shouting “Way to go team!” as we come off the field.
If you're a priest or a bishop reading this, please consider becoming one of those encouraging coaches.
Personal story: When I was on pilgrimage to Our Lady of Guadalupe in Mexico, I went to confession to a priest. Some of my sins related to the frustrations of running a large family. The priest gave me solid advice.
Before absolution, the priest said:
“Heh brother. On behalf of the entire Catholic Church, thanks for trying hard and having a large family. It's not easy and you're doing it. Thank you. It's beautiful.”
And you know what, I just blew up into tears. Total face melt. I didn't expect to have that kind of response. It was just so cool to hear. After that priest said that, I was ready to fight for the Catholic Church, my wife and kids, as the most zealous apostle. I had wind in my sails and I was given enough fuel to go another 10 years. I was charged up.
My appeal to bishops and priests: Be that kind of priest in the pulpit and within the confessional. You will have loyal lay people that march through Hell for you. And with the way things are going in the years to come, you're gonna need it.
Just a layperson,
Taylor Marshall
Do you know somebody who needs to read this? Please share it on Facebook by clicking here.
Do you benefit from my posts, because an email subscriber for free and get a free book on Saint Thomas Aquinas: sign up here.
By Jason Lim
When you think of the Korean Independence Movement of early 20th Century, you usually think of the March 1st Movement in which tens of thousands of everyday Koreans rose up simultaneously across the country waving the newly created Korean flag in defiance of their Japanese masters. Or you think of the independence fighters in Manchuria winning key battles against units of the Imperial Japanese army against incredible odds. Of course, you can't leave out An Jung-geun shooting dead Ito Hirobumi, the first Japanese Resident-General of Korea in Harbin. An is still celebrated as a quintessential Korean hero even to this day, while the Japanese, understandably, mostly view them as a terrorist.
What you don't think of is a religious movement. No, I am not speaking of the religious leaders who originally signed the declaration of independence as a prelude to the March 1st Movement. I am speaking of Daejonggyo, the indigenous religion that was "rediscovered" by Nacheol. Originally called the "Dangun Religion" after the mythical god-king of the proto-Korean kingdom of Ancient Joseon, Daejonggyo sought to recall the Korean people to a "Golden Past" characterized by "Hongik Ingan" and "Jaesae Ewha," which can be generally translated as "One who benefits all" and "What happens in heaven shall occur on earth." These two phrases are still touted as core values of the Korean people and taught in all history and civics classes. Thy will be done on earth as it is in Heaven, anyone?
What's interesting about Daejonggyo was that it was created to support a militant, independence movement. If we take the aphorism that one man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter at face value, Daejonggyo was the faith-based platform upon which Korean religious fundamentalists based their terrorist activities (from the ruling Japanese perspective). This is not entirely dissimilar to the Middle Eastern fundamentalist Muslim terrorist groups that we are familiar with today.
What's different in Korea's case, however, was that the religion didn't exist before the militant resistance movement. It was created afterwards as a tool to shape a cohesive social identity that would be strong enough to tie together and motivate the Korean independence fighters against Japanese rule. And it was wildly successful, with a vast majority of the independence fighters in Manchuria identifying themselves as followers of Daejonggyo.
True, the spiritual myth of Dangun and the golden age of their wise rule based on ethical precepts were generally known at the time. However, Nacheol built a religious construct around a creation myth that they used to shape an ethnocentric social identity that would give birth to a national social consciousness that undergirds the Korean nation to this day.
You will see this on October 3rd when the whole country celebrates the Nation Founding Day, also known as the Heaven's Opening Day. It's known as such because it's supposed to commemorate the day that Dangun's father, Hwanwoong, came down to earth from heaven and began their sacred rule. Hwanwoong is the one who bade the tiger and bear to stay in a cave for 40 days subsisting only on mugwort and garlic. The tiger failed but the bear succeeded and turned into a woman that Hwanwoong married and Dangun was born, the founder of the first Korean nation.
But building a national social identity on what amounts to a religious fundamentalist movement – albeit a purposefully constructed one – has lingering consequences in shaping the Korean people's tendencies in how they view the world. More accurately, how they view themselves in the world.
Korean's view themselves as homogenous and pure people constantly besieged by outsiders seeking to corrupt their purity. This is a typical fundamentalist characteristic and leads to the belief that they are constantly under threat. Life becomes a struggle between good and evil, a simple binary that has been reinforced by South Korea's existential struggle against the North. When every struggle is viewed as Manichaean, then a society will have problems coming to terms on even small issues because it's not about the substance of the issue; it's about ensuring that good conquers evil. It literally becomes a religious struggle. Modern Korean politics, anyone?
Further, a fundamentalist outlook necessarily demands an authoritative interpreter of God's words to act as a leader. This prophet is almost always charismatic and authoritarian, demanding obedience. Despite being democratic, Korea's political history is dominated by strong personalities that bend the political system to their will, rather than being constrained by it. This is also the case in Korea's corporate history where the founders and chairpeople are treated more like spiritual leaders with special powers rather than business people.
Religious fundamentalism also goes hand in hand with nationalism since living according to God's will, can only be done in a nation with like-minded people. This naturally leads to a tendency to be ethnocentric nationalists with a strong isolationist streak who view foreigners with strong suspicion. Although America's strong influence over South Korea for the last 70 years has toned down these tendencies, you can see them in full bloom just north of the border.
Jason Lim is a Washington, D.C.-based expert on innovation, leadership and organizational culture. They have been writing for The Korea Times since 2006. Reach them at jasonlim@msn.com, facebook. com/jasonlimkoreatimes or @jasonlim2012.
So this is pretty wild.
In an amateur hockey league in Russia, translated as Night Hockey League Moscow, a crazy brawl broke out between two teams called Hammer and Yuga. It's one you have to see to believe – and it has two phases to it.
Phase 1: A hit and post-whistle scrum between two players along the boards attracts a crowd that quickly gets a little out of control. Everyone involved starts throwing punches (and there are some pretty dirty sucker punches in there), but after a few seconds the players kind of break themselves up and the crowd dissipates.
Overall, fairly tame for a brawl, right?
Well, let's move on to Phase 2.
As the two referees discuss which penalties they're going to call one of Hammer's players is having words with a few players on Yugan's bench when one of Yugan's players throws something (snow or tape perhaps) at Hammer's bench. And that's when all hell breaks loose. If you were appalled or entertained by Phase 1, then Phase 2 takes it to the next level.
Swinging sticks, spears, butt-ends and more punches turned this scuffle into an all-out brawl.
It appears on the game sheet (which you can find here) that all this happened 1:30 into the third period. It doesn't look as though anything especially brutal happened in either of the first two periods to set off this chain of events.
In total, the two teams racked up 322 penalty minutes, though some of these must have been game misconducts.
What the video doesn't show is the chaos that ensued later in the period. The two teams added another 468 penalty minutes the rest of the way, 245 of which came after time had run out. That's 790 total penalty minutes in one period.
Oh, and Yugan won the game 3-2.
So we're left with one question: Where the heck is the linesmen?
The way it was: Fernando Alonso (left) and Jarno Trulli in their Renault days
By Saj Chowdhury
Spanish Grand Prix Venue: Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya Dates: 8-10 May BBC coverage details here
Double world champion Fernando Alonso might not win another race in their career, says ex team-mate Jarno Trulli.
The 33-year-old's return to McLaren this season has been blighted by issues including the car's poor performance. They head into their home Formula 1 race in Barcelona on Sunday without a point.
"I wonder if they might win another race or championship," said Trulli.
Media playback is not supported on this device Alonso's trip down F1 memory lane
"McLaren won't get on top of the problems quickly and won't easily catch up with the teams in front next year."
Alonso, who was in the same Renault team as Trulli in 2003 and 2004, left Ferrari after five years at the end of last season, having achieved excellent results with a car that many believed was not good enough to deliver them the title.
They re-joined McLaren on a three-year deal having first driven for them for one season in 2007, with four-time champion Sebastian Vettel taking their seat at the Scuderia.
But while both Ferrari and the German driver have started 2015 well - winning in Malaysia - Alonso has struggled in a far less competitive car.
The Spaniard missed the first race in Australia because they were recovering from injuries suffered during a pre-season testing crash, before retiring in their first outing in Malaysia. They then finished 12th and 11th in the next two races - and their McLaren team-mate, Jenson Button, has not fared any better.
Trulli on Alonso's character "I had a very good relationship with Fernando at Renault. Firstly, you are dealing with a good driver - they know they can win and wants to win - and secondly, he's the kind of character that wants to be in charge. That might be good for the team because you need a driver with a personality. "But sometimes Fernando is tough to deal with. This is the tough time and tough side of the deal. Both driver and team should find a compromise and improve the team situation. "Fernando is a good team player, but both parties need to work together properly or else they might prove to be a problem."
Alonso says the team will make a "huge step forward" at Barcelona, with developments to both car and engine.
Trulli added: "The teams in front, they are not sleeping or waiting - they will carry on working and developing.
"It might be different if there is a big regulation change or like Ferrari did. They turned their situation around in a great way, I never would have imagined that.
"Anything can happen, but I am concerned. Fernando's situation is not ideal to win. I hope I am wrong.
"McLaren is a good team but they are fighting with Ferrari and Mercedes, who are manufacturers, and that makes a big difference."
U.S. regulators say that genetically engineered salmon as safe to eat as wild Atlantic salmon, after completing a preliminary analysis. Aqua Bounty Technologies Inc., have genetically modified their salmon so that they eat all year round and grow twice as fast as salmon typically would in their natural environments.
Genetically modified (engineered) salmon is an Atlantic salmon. It has been modified by adding a growth hormone regulating gene from another fish - the Pacific Chinook salmon - as well as an on-switch gene from an Ocean Pout (Zoarces americanus, an eel-type fish) to the Atlantic Salmon's 40,000 genes. The genetically engineered Atlantic salmon eats all year round and gets bigger much more rapidly. Normal Atlantic salmon only feed during the spring and summer.
The aim of the genetic modifications is to speed up the fish's growth, without affecting its eventual size or other characteristics. Normal Atlantic salmon take about three years to reach market size, while the genetically modified one takes from 16 to 18 months.
There is a 10-year ongoing review of an application to allow genetically modified salmon into the U.S. food supply - if approved, it will be the first modified animal to be approved to be sold for human consumption.
Aqua Bounty Technologies Inc. has named their modified salmon AquAdvantage Salmon.
A Veterinary Medicine Advisory Committee, which advises the FDA, is holding a three-day meeting, starting on September 19th, 2010, at the Rockville Hilton, 1750 Rockville Pike, Rockville, Maryland, to decide whether to approve the fish for the U.S. food supply market. Although the Committee's decision/recommendation is not binding, the FDA tends to go along with what they say.
In a press release, Aqua Bounty Technologies informs that:
In addition, the FDA will hold a public hearing on the application of its food labeling requirements and how they might apply to AquAdvantage® Salmon on 21st September at the same location (Rockville Hilton, 1750 Rockville Pike, Rockville, Maryland).
This is welcome and exciting news for the Company as we near the end of the detailed and necessary process to receive regulatory approval for our AquAdvantage Salmon. The meeting will provide an opportunity for the public to understand how the application of our technology will enable the safe and sustainable production of high quality fish. We believe the economic and environmental benefits of our salmon will very effectively help to meet the demand for food from the growing world population.
284 metric tons of salmon per year
One third of Salmon consumed consisted of Pacific salmon, and two thirds was Atlantic Salmon
One third was domestic production and two thirds was imported
60% was fresh salmon, 20% was frozen salmon, and 20% was canned salmon
45% of pacific salmon was canned
Almost no Atlantic salmon was canned
34% of Pacific salmon was frozen
13% of Atlantic salmon was frozen
21% of Pacific salmon was fresh
87% of Atlantic salmon was fresh
Today's news refers to documents released before the meeting by the FDA saying the genetically modified salmon is as safe to eat as normal Atlantic salmon, and that the modified fish wereDr. Ronald Stotish, President and CEO of AquaBounty, commented:According to the Institute of Social and Economic Research, University of Alaska, Anchorage, during the years 2000-2004, Americans consumed:Americans consumed 130,000 metric tons of salmon in 1989, compared to 284,000 in 2004. This increase was mostly due to the growth in imported farmed salmon.Sources: Institute of Social and Economic Research (University of Alaska), FDA (Food and Drug Administration), Aqua Bounty Technologies Inc., Wikipedia.Written by Christian Nordqvist
It's been a good week for billionaire investors: on Tuesday, Carl Icahn got their way when eBay announced that it and PayPal will go their separate ways. And on Wednesday, Coca-Cola announced that it will revise the executive pay structure that Warren Buffett recently called "excessive."
Coke announced Wednesday morning that going forward, it will provide more transparency into how its equity compensation plan works, and that the plan will use fewer shares each year. According to the new guidelines, equity shares given through the plan will consist of no more than 0.8% of all outstanding stock in 2015 and 0.4% for the remaining life of the plan. Coke also said that while it will continue to provide long-term incentive awards to a broad group of employees, those awards will shift from stock to cash; employees who are still eligible for equity awards will see a heavier weighting of performance shares and fewer stock options. By 2016, Coke says the mix will be two-thirds performance shares and one-third stock options.
"Further to the approval of the 2014 Equity Plan in April of this year, we have developed guidelines that further align compensation to the long-term interests of shareowners," Coca-Cola chairperson and CEO Muhtar Kent said in a statement Wednesday morning, referencing the push-back they received from Buffett and other shareholders earlier in the year. In March, Wintergreen Advisers fund manager David Winters lambasted Coke's executive pay model, saying in a letter to Coke shareholders, "We can find no reasonable basis for gifting management 14.2% of the share capital of Coca-Cola, worth $24 billion at today's share price." By April, Buffett called Coke's compensation plan "excessive" and was open about the fact that they thought it awarded too many shares of stock. At the time, they chose to abstain from a vote on the compensation plan in an attempt to "make a statement" but not go to war with the company.
Evidently, these statements got through to Coke.
“Shareowner engagement has produced positive results for our company on a variety of fronts, including on compensation matters,” Maria Elena Lagomasino, the chair of Coke's compensation committee, said in a statement Wednesday. “Shareowner input on this important topic has directly led to the development of these new Guidelines, which are in line with the long-term interests of shareowners.”
Following the news of Coke's revised compensation plan, shares of the beverage giant were relatively unmoved, down just 0.2% in early Wednesday trading. Year-to-date, the stock is up 4.9%.
With new cool TLD's available, I purchased perl dot sydney which is the perfect domain for Sydney Perl Mongers.
Our current/old website is dated and tired, so I also spent some time whipping into shape a new website using GH pages. Having GH pages automagically compile markdown files into HTML is very neat. Plus having everything in github so people can PR, and having group access - are both great. But... that Jekyll isn't Perl does make me feel somewhat sold out, even if it's being used implicitly.
Anyway, please take a look and proof read the perl dot sydney website. Send PR's for all my typos and grammatical errors (people in irc.perl.org's #australia have already gone over it)
Also, if you would like to order one of our Tshirts (which help pay for these vanity domains and our meetup page) - check out the details on our Facebook page.
Green initiatives might create jobs, but they kill others
Political rhetoric has shifted away from the need to respond to the “generational challenge” of climate change. Investment in alternative energy technologies like solar and wind is no longer peddled on environmental grounds. Instead, we are being told of the purported economic payoffs—above all, the promise of so-called “green jobs.” Unfortunately, that does not measure up to economic reality.
The Copenhagen Consensus Center asked Gürcan Gülen, a senior energy economist at the Bureau for Economic Geology at the University of Texas at Austin, to assess the state of the science in defining, measuring, and predicting the creation of green jobs. Gülen concluded that job creation “cannot be defended as another benefit” of well-meaning green policies. In fact, the number of jobs that these policies create is likely to be offset—or worse—by the number of jobs that they destroy.
On the face of it, green-job creation seems straightforward. Deploying more wind turbines and solar panels creates a need for more builders, technicians, tradesmen, and specialist employees. Voilà: Simply by investing in green policies, we have not only helped the climate but also lowered unemployment. Indeed, this is the essence of many studies that politicians are eagerly citing. So what did those analyses get wrong?
In some cases, Gülen finds that proponents of green jobs have not distinguished between construction jobs (building the wind turbines), which are temporary, and longer-term operational jobs (keeping the wind turbines going), which are more permanent. Moreover, sometimes advocates have assumed, without justification, that the new jobs would pay more than careers in conventional energy. In other cases, the definition of a “green” job is so fuzzy that it becomes virtually useless. If a sustainability adviser quits a concrete factory and goes to work instead for a renewable energy project, can we really conclude that the number of green jobs has actually increased?
More disturbing is Gülen's finding that some claims of job creation have rested on assumptions of green-energy production that go far beyond reputable estimates. Of course, if you assume that vast swaths of the countryside will be covered in wind turbines and solar panels, you will inevitably predict that a large number of construction jobs will be required.
But the biggest problem in these analyses is that they often fail to recognize the higher costs or job losses that these policies will cause. Alternative energy sources such as solar and wind create significantly more expensive fuel and electricity than traditional energy sources. Increasing the cost of electricity and fuel will hurt productivity, reduce overall employment, and cut the amount of disposable income that people have. Yet many studies used by advocates of green jobs have not addressed these costs at all—overlooking both the cost of investment and the price hikes to be faced by end users.
The companies calling for political intervention to create green jobs tend to be those that stand to gain from subsidies and tariffs. But, because these policies increase the cost of fuel and electricity, they imply layoffs elsewhere, across many different economic sectors. Once these effects are taken into account, the purported increase in jobs is typically wiped out, and some economic models show lower overall employment. Despite a significant outlay, government efforts to create green jobs could end up resulting in net job losses.
Still, proponents might argue that even if that is true, investment in green jobs is nonetheless a good way to stimulate a sluggish economy. But Gülen shows that there are many other economic sectors, such as health care, that could actually create more jobs for the same amount of government investment.
In addition to job creation, some researchers have blithely claimed that all sorts of other economic benefits will accrue from investment in alternative energy, including increased productivity, higher disposable incomes, and lower operating costs for businesses. Here, too, Gülen concludes that the assertions are “not backed up by any evidence and are inconsistent with the realities of green technologies and energy markets.”
The fundamental problem is that green-energy technologies are still very inefficient and expensive compared to fossil fuels. Deploying less efficient, more expensive alternative-energy sources will hurt businesses and consumers, not help them.
In order for the whole planet to make a sustainable shift away from fossil fuels, we need to make low-carbon energy both cheaper and more efficient. That requires a substantial increase in research and development into next-generation green-energy alternatives. Today's research budgets are tiny, and that desperately needs to change. In the meantime, the public should be cautious of politicians' claims that deploying today's inefficient, expensive technology will result in windfall benefits at no cost.
This article comes from Project Syndicate.
Like Slate on Facebook. Follow us on Twitter.
New York State and the Church of England lead investors worth US$4trn in campaign for US oil major to disclose climate risks
By Megan Darby
Exxon Mobil should show how its business model will fare in a world that takes effective action against dangerous climate change.
That is the demand 38.2% of shareholders agreed with at the US oil giant's AGM in 2016. It fell short of the majority needed to force the board's hand.
This year, New York State and the Church of England are back with a bigger coalition. Investors worth US$4 trillion support their call for climate risk disclosure from the outset, compared to a $300bn club floating the 2016 resolution.
“As investors, we are concerned that, unlike many of its peers, Exxon has not taken the steps necessary to demonstrate its resilience in a lower carbon future,” said Thomas DiNapoli, comptroller of NY State's retirement fund.
“We want to know what Exxon's strategy is for continued profitability as governments around the world live up to their commitment to the Paris Agreement 2 degree scenario.”
Under the Paris Agreement, world leaders agreed to hold global warming “well below 2C”. That means ending reliance on fossil fuels.
A seminal analysis from UCL showed at least half of proven natural gas reserves and a third of oil are unburnable in a 2C world.
Oil companies all expect the climate accord to fail, based on the central scenarios in their annual energy outlooks. Some, like Shell and BP, have started to explore the possibility they might be wrong.
In response to investor pressure, Exxon appointed its first climate expert to the board this month: atmospheric scientist Susan Avery.
Edward Mason, head of responsible investment at the Church Commissioners, said there had been “positive” discussions with Exxon – but still no commitment to consider a 2C scenario. “We believe Exxon's board can and should support our reasonable disclosure request,” they said.
2014: We warned Exxon it could waste $16bn on oil sands projects. 2017: Exxon writes off $16 bn from oil sands.https://t.co/EhsJ2zQzif pic.twitter.com/NGQMBHgZYY — Carbon Tracker (@CarbonBubble) February 23, 2017
The statement came as Exxon scrubbed 3.5 billion barrels of tar sands from its books, saying low oil prices made them uneconomic to extract.
Costly ventures like Arctic drilling or tar sands are most exposed to sudden downturns in demand that could follow from a rapid shift to clean energy.
The Carbon Tracker Initiative warned in a recent report oil majors are underestimating the disruptive potential of solar power and electric vehicles, which could see oil demand peak as soon as 2020.
As institutional investors ramp up pressure on the higher profile fossil fuel companies, a G20 taskforce is trying to establish a more systematic approach to climate risk.
The panel, set up by Financial Stability Board chair Mark Carney and led by Michael Bloomberg, has set out voluntary standards for companies to follow. A consultation on the findings closed last week.
Some campaigners argue that engaging with fossil fuel companies is futile and responsible investors should take their money elsewhere.
Betámia Coronel, US reinvestment coordinator at 350.org, said: “Instead of negotiating with rogue oil corporations, DiNapoli should be protecting New Yorkers. Exxon has proved time and time again it will never change its stripes.
“With Trump and their oil cronies putting profit before people and planet, New York has the potential to be a true beacon of safety and security, yet it continues to invest billions in the likes of Exxon. How many more Superstorm Sandy's must New Yorkers endure before we finally take bold action?”
jammers
Offline
Activity: 277
Merit: 250
Is maith liom bitcoin
Sr. MemberActivity: 277Merit: 250Is maith liom bitcoin 07-04-2015 - #BitcoinSurvey May & June Prizes sent March 13, 2015, 03:40:52 PM
Last edit: July 04, 2015, 12:49:38 AM by jammers #1
International Bitcoin Usage Survey
English Survey Complete - German, Spanish, Arabic & Finnish coming soon
Hi all,
I'm running a local and international survey for bitcoin usage for first interim report is at
What's the survey about?
This survey is aimed at people who do and don't use bitcoin across the world to get an understanding of the type of people who use, mine, trade or have a general interest in bitcoin, plus those who've never heard of it before! This survey covers a variety of things in the bitcoin space, and covers nearly 40 questions, but not all have to be answered.
What will I get for participating?
Optionally, you can put a bitcoin address in. For the English language survey which ran over 3 months, there was 1.00 bitcoin distributed across 3 sets of monthly prizes (0.05 bitcoin each), and a grand prize at the end of 0.25. Proof of payments - https://www.blocktrail.com/BTC/address/1LUD7xavJo1um3toduKCpKu1tcKM4RmgPD/transactions
I will be putting up another 0.25 bitcoin for each of these four languages (another 1.00 bitcoin), which will be split into 5x 0.05 bitcoin prizes, and will update this thread when these surveys go live.
How is it international
Most of the research I've seen has been North American focused. I'm European, from Ireland, and want to see what the case is everywhere else. The initial survey was in English. The same survey has been localised into German, Spanish, Finnish & Arabic, and these will launch when the final report from the English survey is released, to see the differences or similarities.
Where can I do the survey
The English version of the survey is currently closed.
German, Spanish, Finnish & Arabic are coming soon.
Where can I get more information on the survey and results?
Information about the survey is on Twitter at
Want to write an article about #BitcoinSurvey
We've had a great response on Twitter, and also across a number of cryptocurrency news sites. If you'd like to be added to our press list for our next announcement, please pm me your details or email jamie [at] bitcoins in ireland [dot] com
What will they be? Who knows, have your say today! Questions are welcome, and I've done similar stuff in the video games space, so search "The Games Industry in Ireland 2012" to get an idea how it'll look at the end.
Cheers
Jamie
==English Survey Results==
267 responses from 64 countries
Map of Survey Participants
Gender Distribution
OP Last updated: 4th JulyHi all,I'm running a local and international survey for bitcoin usage for http://www.BitcoinsinIreland.com . I have closed off the English language survey now, with theis at https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1017295.msg11020556#msg11020556 . I will shortly go through the final data and present a second report. Once that is done, I will then be launching the same survey in the following languages: German, Spanish, Finnish & Arabic (pm if you can help with other languages)This survey is aimed at people who do and don't use bitcoin across the world to get an understanding of the type of people who use, mine, trade or have a general interest in bitcoin, plus those who've never heard of it before! This survey covers a variety of things in the bitcoin space, and covers nearly 40 questions, but not all have to be answered.Optionally, you can put a bitcoin address in. For the English language survey which ran over 3 months, there was 1.00 bitcoin distributed across 3 sets of monthly prizes (0.05 bitcoin each), and a grand prize at the end of 0.25.I will be putting up another 0.25 bitcoin for each of these four languages (another 1.00 bitcoin), which will be split into 5x 0.05 bitcoin prizes, and will update this thread when these surveys go live.Most of the research I've seen has been North American focused. I'm European, from Ireland, and want to see what the case is everywhere else. The initial survey was in English. The same survey has been localised into German, Spanish, Finnish & Arabic, and these will launch when the final report from the English survey is released, to see the differences or similarities.The English version of the survey is currently closed.German, Spanish, Finnish & Arabic are coming soon.Information about the survey is on Twitter at http://twitter.com/BTCinIreland under the hashtag #BitcoinSurvey ( https://twitter.com/search?q=%23BitcoinSurvey&src=typd We've had a great response on Twitter, and also across a number of cryptocurrency news sites. If you'd like to be added to our press list for our next announcement, please pm me your details or email jamie [at] bitcoins in ireland [dot] comWhat will they be? Who knows, have your say today! Questions are welcome, and I've done similar stuff in the video games space, so search "The Games Industry in Ireland 2012" to get an idea how it'll look at the end.CheersJamie==English Survey Results==Map of Survey ParticipantsGender Distribution « Bitcoins In Ireland | Ireland's Leading Bitcoin Information Website »
¤ Bitcoin Betting List ¤ Mining Pool Reviews ¤
¤ Irish Bitcoin & Blockchain News ¤ Irish Bitcoin Event Guide ¤ Read #BitcoinSurvey 2016 ¤
I am an admitted, established sucker for fried avocado, roasted cauliflower and gua bao. So one would think that I'd be a sucker for Fat Bao, too, the new fusion restaurant specializing in bao -- steamed buns folded like half-moons into what are essentially the Chinese version of finger sandwiches -- and an assortment of interesting side items, such as fried avocado sticks and curry-dusted roasted cauliflower.
Yet for as excited as I was to try the new restaurant out for the first time, my meal left me -- unexpectedly -- a smidge unenthusiastic.
"Maybe we overordered," my friend Cathy said as we took our numbered yellow cones to a table to await our bao. "But if we didn't, that was just a lot to spend on lunch."
Continue Reading
Our orders had both come to just under $20 (after tip) for two bao, one side and a fountain drink each. We were both unclear at first whether or not the $3.50 to $5 cost was for one or two bao, but that question was answered when the plastic boats of bao were delivered to our table (in record time, I might add; Fat Bao has its system down when it comes to expediting food). One Peking duck-filled bao is $5. A less expensive pork belly bao is $3.50.
It's a far cry from the $3.95 you'll pay for two enormous, pork belly-filled bao at my favorite spot: Yummy Kitchen.
That said, I completely understand why Fat Bao charges a premium for its bao: rent. Monthly rent at a visible spot along Richmond at Kirby isn't cheap. Yummy Kitchen has a far lower rent at its strip mall in Chinatown. And you don't have to burn a bunch of expensive gas to get to Fat Bao if you live in town. Driving out to Chinatown every time you get a bao craving can get expensive, even if the bao themselves are cheap.
So while I'll mostly excuse the prices at Fat Bao (especially in light of its cute, chic build-out and cozy, well-lit dining room that's perfect for a relaxing lunch break), I'll say that the bao themselves need a little bit more work. All four of ours came out room temperature to slightly cool. For as quickly as they arrived, it was either surprising ("Shouldn't they be hot off the line?") or expected ("Did they just grab these out of a warming tray?") -- I'm not exactly sure how Fat Bao has its expediting system set up, so I'm not sure how to feel. All I know is that the ingredients themselves, including nicely rendered pork belly and well-battered soft-shell crab on top of a crisp Asian-style coleslaw, deserve a bit better treatment.
I could find no fault at all with the fried avocado (especially the portion size; this is best shared with a group), but was chagrined to find the cauliflower oddly seasoned. I noticed big, beautiful flakes of salt on the avocado, but there was none to be found on the curry-saturated cauliflower. The curry powder gave the vegetables a fragrant lift, but it wasn't enough to make up for the lack of salt. That said, the cauliflower was roasted perfectly, with broad, dark strokes of oven browning across the beige surfaces.
For right now, I'm reserving judgment on Fat Bao. It's only in its soft opening period and that's too soon to cast too critical an eye on a place. But I will say that I like the idea of Fat Bao for the same reason I enjoyed Nabi: It's nice to have a closer option for the type of food that normally requires a road trip out to Bellaire. And I'm happy to see more intriguing side items on menus instead of the typical french fries. I'm also looking forward to getting back and trying Fat Bao's dessert bao -- one stuffed with S'Mores is calling my name -- and its more fusion-y offerings, like a bao stuffed with cream cheese and smoked salmon. There's nothing that's not made better by the application of smoked salmon.
Follow Eating Our Words on Facebook and on Twitter @EatingOurWords
Stefan Molyneux: ‘Diversity Means Non-Whites Replacing Whites' (VIDEO)
Philosophical digital pundit Stefan Molyneux recently addressed the “diversity” topic, which they clarify is a euphemism used by leftists that really means “non-whites”.
Molyneux's comments came during the July 8 episode of their YouTube program, and that episode is titled “The Death of Canada. Prepare Yourself Accordingly.”
They stated:
“Nobody says, ‘We're bringing a lot of white people from Belgium, that adds to our diversity,' or, ‘We're bringing in a lot of people from Poland, that adds [to our diversity].' It always and forever means non-whites. That's what ‘diversity' means. I'm not trying to do anything other than be very frank about what the word actually means.”
Below is an excerpt from almost hour-long full video:
Molyneux goes on to detail the diversity within Europe between the European nations that make up the whole of the continent:
“Europe is incredibly diverse. And what does everyone say? ‘Europe needs diversity.' Well, what does that mean? It means Europe needs non-whites. That's all it means. ‘Diversity' means non-whites, generally, displacing whites.”
Below is the full video:
Willy Hernangomez was pretty nervous for their first meeting with Phil Jackson. It was in Orlando, where the 22-year-old was set to sign their first pro contract.
Hernangomez went to dinner one night with Jackson and other members of the New York Knicks organization. It was there that Jackson, the team president, delivered a simple, effective message.
"He told me, 'Willy it was very nice to meet you and I love your game,'" Hernangomez recalled. "I couldn't say anything to them because I was very nervous, but I feel like they trusted me so I have confidence."
Hernangomez fulfilled a lifelong dream last Thursday when they signed a four-year, $5.9 million deal to play for the Knicks. Kristaps Porzingis, one of their closest friends and a former teammate at Sevilla in Spain, was by their side. Hernangomez probably hasn't stopped smiling since.
The 6-foot-10 power forward/center took time out from practicing with the Spanish national team to talk to ESPN.com about expectations for the NBA, their relationship with Porzingis and the proper pronunciation of their name:
Willy (pronounced with a "B") Hernangomez has an affinity for playing the low post and likes to run the fast break. EPA/Maxim Shipenkov
Q: What was it like to fulfill your dream and sign your first NBA contract last week?
Hernangomez: For me, it's exciting, emotional. It's going to be a big step. I've got a great opportunity with them in the NBA. I'm working to be ready and to help the team. ... After I signed the contract, I couldn't sleep because my emotions wouldn't let me sleep. I'm very happy. These last two days, everybody congratulates me and I feel happy and I can't wait to come to New York and start the season.
Q: How would you describe your relationship with Porzingis?
Hernangomez: We are very close. We can say that we are like brothers. They told me about New York. They talked about me with the coaches and with the GM [Steve Mills] and with Phil. So this is a great opportunity. He's going to help me a lot. They wanted me to go there now. They told me, "Willy, don't go with me to the national team, just stay with me over the summer." I told him, "I have to go to the international team." But he's going to help me for sure.
I'm very happy to play with them again. ... We talk every day about that. When I'm in New York in September, October, we'll go to dinner together and hang out. I'm excited to play with them next year. He's going to help me a lot.
Q: What are your expectations for your first season in the NBA?
Hernangomez: I'm just excited to start to play. But this is my first year, so I'm going to listen to my teammates, listen to coaches, listen to everybody and they're going to give me advice. Every day, I'll try to improve to help the team and do my best to win games. I'll try to use my minutes [well] and just do my best for the team.
Q: How would you describe your game? (ESPN's Fran Fraschilla describes Hernangomez's game here.)
Hernangomez: I'm a center. I love playing in the low post. I like passing the ball to my teammates ... I like to run and play fast like [head coach Jeff Hornacek] wants. I like to run the fast break.
Q: Did Phil Jackson, Steve Mills or Jeff Hornacek talk to you about expectations while you were in Orlando?
Hernangomez: They told me they want to see me practice with Joakim Noah and with other teammates. I just want to do my best there and we'll see. They trust me, they told me that they like my game. So I have confidence.
Q: Do you pronounce your name "Willy" or "Billy"?
Hernangomez: It's "Billy." If you write my name, it's with a "W." So everyone thinks it's "Willy." But my mom, they were from Germany. In Germany, everyone with a [name that starts with "W"] is pronounced with a "B." So that's my name. I'm going to try to explain that to everybody. But I don't care. It doesn't matter if someone calls me Willy or Billy.
- A knife was recovered after an assault at FedEx Field following a game between the Washington Redskins and the Dallas Cowboys.
Video of the incident shows an out-of-control crowd pushing and shoving each other in the club section concourse area near Section 309 following the game that was won by Dallas. (WARNING: Video contains graphic images and vulgar language)
Wowwwww. This place is a war zone right now. Fights breaking out everywhere. One dude got stabbed. Posted by Mike Vaughn on Monday, December 7, 2015
In the video, you can see a man in a Cowboys jersey on the ground being assisted by a man in a Redskins jacket. Mike Vaughn, a Cowboys fan who recorded the video on their phone, said they first thought there was a stabbing. However, that did not happen to be the case.
The video also shows what appeared to be a knife on the ground nearby. A man with a yellow jacket, who may have been with security, can be seen stepping on the object to cover it up.
While a knife was confirmed to have been recovered, the Prince George's County Fire and EMS Department said they did not respond to a stabbing at any point during Monday's game at FedEx Field.
Prince George's County police said two men, one from Silver Spring and one from Germantown, were arrested following the incident. They have been charged with assault.
Police said it was unclear who was in possession of the knife at the time of the fight. However, court documents related to the arrests do not mention anything about a knife.
When Vaughn saw the violence breaking out along with the possible knife, they told FOX 5, “I thought, ‘Wow, I need to get out of here,' and also, ‘How did this guy get a knife into the stadium?'"
Vaughn said metal detectors were set up at the entrance to the stadium when they arrived for the game and they were checked for weapons along with other fans.
"A slight pat down, empty the pockets, just all the typical game procedures," they described about the stadium's security check.
Redskins senior vice president of communications Tony Wyllie sent FOX 5 the following statement:
"Last night, an altercation took place between two fans following the game at FedEx Field. Neither fan was seriously injured and reports of use of a weapon are inaccurate, according to the Prince George's Police Department and the FedEx Field security detail who responded to the incident. The team is cooperating fully with all authorities to determine the exact nature of the incident. It is important to know that the safety of all patrons is our topmost concern. Currently, all fans and staff entering FedEx Field are subject to security screening that includes the use of metal detectors as well as visual inspections. All fans are also screened for signs of impairment. Unruly or other disruptive behavior is not tolerated and our policies and procedures ensure that fans not abiding by these standards are subject to immediate ejection from the premises. Fans fighting are arrested and are banned from attending future events at FedEx Field. If they attempt to attend another event then they will be charged with trespassing. We are continuing the investigation into last night's events, and rigorously working to ensure the safety and security of all patrons."
"I'm definitely hoping that they will tighten up the security procedures because thinking there could be some people in there that have knives -- maybe it was just a guy in a fight this time, but next time, it could be much more serious, especially with all that's going on in the country right now," Vaughn said.
Video posted online of a separate incident shows fans fighting in the stands during the game. Security officers can be seen escorting at least one person from the seating area.
I would like to propose a new Nobel Prize.
The prizes, as designated in the Will of Alfred Nobel, are in physics, chemistry, physiology or medicine, literature and peace. Only once during these years has a prize been added – a Memorial Prize – the Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel, donated by the Bank of Sweden to celebrate its tercentenary in 1968. The Board of Directors later decided to keep the original five prizes intact and not to permit new additions.
Why is the Nobel Peace Prize awarded in Oslo and all the other Nobel Prizes in Stockholm?
Alfred Nobel left no explanation as to why the prize for peace was to be awarded by a Norwegian committee while the other four prizes were to be handled by Swedish committees. In the will they wrote:
“The prizes for physics and chemistry shall be awarded by the Swedish Academy of Sciences; that for physiology or medical works by the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm; that for literature by the Academy in Stockholm, and that for champions of peace by a committee of five persons to be elected by the Norwegian Storting.”
Read more: The Nobel Peace Prize 1901-2000
Is it possible to revoke a Nobel Prize?
No, it is not possible according to the statutes of the Nobel Foundation, § 10.
Why do you use the word Nobel Laureate and not Nobel Prize Winner?
The awarding of the Nobel Prizes is not a competition or lottery, and therefore there are no winners or losers. Nobel Laureates receive the Nobel Prize in recognition of their achievements in physics, chemistry, physiology or medicine, literature, or peace.
What is a Laureate?
A Laureate is a recipient of honour or recognition for achievement in an art or science.
How do you pronounce ‘Nobel'?
‘Nobel' is the surname of Alfred Nobel, founder of the Nobel Prize. It is pronounced ‘noh-bel‘.
You will also find other questions and answers here. »
I have bought these to replace an elderly pair of Logitech speakers that would be worth around £25 new. Those were good enough for games, but to my ears completely unacceptable for music.
In my sitting room I have an ancient pair of Spendor BC1 speakers with high quality amplification, tuner and CD. That system would cost £5000 to replace with new kit of the same standard.
Not to my surprise the quality is intermediate between the two.
I tend to listen to classical music at moderate levels - except when playing Wagner! These speakers are definitely good enough for me to listen to when at the computer or sitting elsewhere in the spare bedroom. I have the volume turned down quite low (12 o'clock on the control knob and 25% output from the computer). That's plenty loud enough when sitting two feet in front of them, and I think that you could sit anywhere in a small room and never run out of power.
The bass is slightly boomy and you definitely would not want an external subwoofer. I am using the USB input. This does mean no tone control. I could use the headphone jack (also supplied) and use the PC soundcard which does have tone controls. On the other hand the soundcard within the computer probably has higher distortion anyway. I will experiment.
The main point is that I now have something worth listening to, and the freedom to listen to anything available over the internet. I bought the red ones and they are quite pretty.
Since writing this I have moved them from my desktop to a shelf above it, and found that the bass quality is less boomy and the stereo imaging a bit better. Even at this price level, care with speaker placement makes a difference. For your room and your ears, you may find the best place is not where I would put them.
Tommy Chong compared Donald Trump to weed four different times.
The comedian, pot advocate and cannabis-line celebrity was visiting Denver for the launch party of their cannabis line, Chong's Choice, and the addition of edibles and pre-rolls to the menu.
Chong sat at a round table with their son, grandson and some associates. Forty minutes later, Chong was on the ground, roaring like a lion at Gus, the five-year-old for whom they built a tree house in their son's back yard in Boulder. That tree house sits next to one for grandpa that will be a fully functional grow house in the next year.
Continue Reading
"He's gonna be a star. They want the attention," Chong says of Gus. Gus bolted around the room in a bright-yellow T-shirt while their grandfather wore a bright-red hat they sell that says, "Get America Stoned Again." The day led to a tour of Verde Natural's grow warehouse, which is run by an impressive team that yields some even more impressive buds. Chong tells the two growers who take care of their Chong's Choice buds, "You guys look like stoners. This is my reputation on the line, so thank you."
Westword: You have ties in Colorado?
Tommy Chong: Well, I love Boulder. Right here is what I love about Boulder. I love everything about Boulder, I love the people, I love the bookstore. I really love the bookstore. It's like a flashback to the '60s.
Before the '60s, I was with Motown, you know. and I had little pop cycle suits and straight hair, slicked back, you know. Then the '60s hit, and then freedom. I saw Jimi Hendrix, met Jimi Hendrix, played with him, and saw the way they dressed, and I said, that's me! And I haven't turned back.
Marijuana Deals Near You
Why isn't it Chong and Cheech?
Because it doesn't phonetically sound right. It never did. When we called it Cheech and Chong, we were first going to cal it Richard and Tommy, eh, boring. Mary and Chong, boring. I said to Cheech, do you have a nickname, they said yeah, Cheech. It was the first time I ever heard it. I said, Cheech and Chong, it just rolled off the tongue. Since then, we had a linguist in UCLA do a study, do a whole thing on the phonetics of it.
With me and Cheech, the only thing I said, we're gonna use my name. Because I had been in groups where you named them, Little Daddy and the Bachelor, Bobby Taylor and the Vancouvers. So when Cheech and I became comedians, I said, it's gotta be our names. That way, Chong will live forever, Cheech will live forever. And that's exactly what's happened.
EXPAND Tommy Chong at Verde Natural grow in Denver. Lindsey Bartlett
If reefer madness didn't exist, would Cheech and Chong?
I doubt it. In fact, I don't think you could have a Cheech and Chong in this day and age. Because we actually, we've always existed, the culture, the hippie culture. Really what the hippie culture was was allowing people to become themselves as people. Not as races of people. We all of a sudden just become humans, with one thing in common: the love of the weed. And that has never changed.
Your message has grown.
Now it's international. I was in Budapest and had a kid run up to me and say, 'Oh, my God, it's you, oh, my God.' I said no, I'm not God, but thank you.
I love Budapest. I love everywhere. If you've got weed or weed mentality, you can go to jail like I did and enjoy it.
When you went to jail in 2001 for running a bong company, were you a martyr?
You know what I felt in jail? I felt like a celebrity in jail, wow. I spent most of my time taking pictures with people. People were like, how can you do this? I was like, it's my job.
I went to jail for bongs. It was a big raid on the bong industry during the Iraqi war, at the start of the Iraqi war. Bush needed a distraction, so they went after the bong makers. Because I was the most visible, most famous, they targeted me and I ended up going to jail for nine months. It was a very positive experience all the way around. I got cancer while I was in there, which wasn't good, but I beat it. It was just another challenge, and I had to face a challenge and did it.
How do you feel about the election? It was a huge win for cannabis. Do you have Chong's Choice plans set for the states that legalized?
That put a big smile on my face, and after I smoked some Chong's Choice, I realized that Donald Trump is going to be good for the world, and it put and even bigger smile on my face.
Donald Trump is like a strain of weed that popped up in the middle of an election season, and they were who they are. They had nothing to hide behind. Their life became an open book. They never wavered from the fact that they were going to make America great again, build a wall, stop ISIS, do all these things. They were trying to get voted in. Not trying, they knew. They knew those deplorables, as Hillary called them, were in the millions, not thousands. Millions.
EXPAND Tommy Chong at Verde Natural grow in Denver. Lindsey Bartlett
Trump, their talent is being able to understand everybody. It came a lot from their upbringing, working with builders and that. They know Chicanos, they know Latinos, they use them in their business. They employ them. So they understand the makings of how people think. So their first job was to get elected. Now, how do you get elected? So what they did, they went out and did what they had to do to get elected. Now he's elected. Their second job is to be president.
Because he's a liar, you don't have to believe the negative things. If you don't believe the positive things, don't believe the negative things. It was a sell. They were selling for the people.
Now he's elected. Did you see how their tone changed on Hillary? It was no more "Lock their up," "crooked Hillary" — now it was "Madam secretary." That's immediately where they went to.
They didn't turn presidential until they became president. Then the minute they became president, they turned presidential. Because that was the time. They couldn't do it before that, because people would look at them and be like, what a phony.
He's their real self. How can they become this misogynist, racist idiot and then become president? He's a liar. Actors are liars. Tom Hanks isn't Forrest Gump until they play Forrest Gump, then they become Forrest Gump. As an actor, they did what they had to do to get where they are now.
It was like boom, a lightbulb went off in my head. That's who they are.
EXPAND Tommy Chong at Verde Natural grow in Denver. Lindsey Bartlett
In your opinion, is they going to follow through on building a wall?
It's a metaphorical wall. He's a builder, and he's a liar. Contractors do that all the time. That's what contractors do; they're professional liars. You don't believe anything till it happens.
So that's my take on him. He's gonna be not only a good president, but a phenomenal president.
Will your opinion change if they go after cannabis?
They won't. They won't go after cannabis. He's not that petty. Unless it concerns him, they just attacks when he's attacked. Cannabis didn't hurt him, he's not gonna hurt cannabis. Bush did because they wanted to take everyone's mind off of it and deflect on the hippies because they're anti-war. Trump is anti-war. Why go to war if not to bring something home to pay for the war? Go where the money is. Follow the money. ISIS couldn't exist without money.
I want everybody to just take a deep breath and realize that they are president. Just hope to God...don't even hope, but realize that they say what they have to say in order to get done what they need to get done, that's it.
Nothing could have helped Hillary. You know what hurt Hillary? The Benghazi/e-mail thing. They handled it like a lawyer; they gave them respect. Lawyers give respect where none is due, and Donald doesn't give anybody respect.
He's a ruler. He's gonna be a good one.
EXPAND Tommy Chong at Verde Natural grow in Denver. Lindsey Bartlett
Prop 64 in California is huge. In California, do you agree with the one ounce, the six plants?
All they're doing is throwing out numbers. The thing I like about Colorado, for instance, is that Colorado really is the experimental station, you know, the tried and true, I love the way they track from seed to sale. I love that. If they do that in California, perfect. Because it depends on your needs. What they're trying to do is they're worrying about things they shouldn't worry about. I always said, once pot's legal, your grandmother will grow more pot than you can smoke in a lifetime.
Facebook and Instagram recently disabled your Chong's Choice accounts. Will those corporate restrictions loosen?
I want those people to realize that cannabis is the Trump of the get-high world. There's nothing they can do to stop it; they've tried everything they can do to stop it, and it is still legal. if Facebook doesn't get on board, we're gonna find another outlet, and Facebook is going to go down in history. We got this far without them. We don't need them; they need us. It's like the telephone in your house. Who has one? If Facebook wants to play that game, that's what they're going to be. They're going to be the Kodak film of the entertainment business.
Look at what Trump did: They said, fuck off, I'm going to do what I want to do, and that's it. Everyone said, okay. That's it.
They're shaken, we were all ready to jump on the Hillary train, and now we're here. The misogynist, the racist, everyone's got a taste of that in him.
To be clear, Trump might, but you don't condone racism.
They don't. They don't. Look at their past, look at theirs shows. Look at The Apprentice. He's getting the message, the urges to do what they do. If they hadn't gone bankrupt, then they wouldn't have run for president and we wouldn't be getting this change.
The lawsuit this week by CNN seeking the memoranda of former FBI director James Comey created something of a curiosity for viewers. In court, CNN is arguing that the memos are “FBI records” and should be turned over under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). On the air, CNN legal and political analysts have been insisting that these memos belong to Comey and are akin to their personal diary. The irony is that the CNN litigation could answer some of the underlying questions over the status of the memos and whether Comey was a leaker in the unauthorized dissemination of FBI information.
On Thursday, CNN filed for the release of the documents as “FBI records” in “unredacted” form and “without further delay.” There are two copies of these memos in FBI possession this week. First were the original versions created by Comey while they were FBI director. The memos were prepared on an FBI computer during the course of Comey's investigation of the Russian matter. The memos were made in direct relation to the ongoing investigation and shared with their top staff as potentially relevant to the investigation. Second, there are the copies of the memos that were collected from Comey's friend, Columbia Professor Daniel Richman, who received the memos from Comey to leak to the media.
ADVERTISEMENT
I have previously written how these memos fit the broad definition of “FBI information” contained in federal rules and regulations. As such, the transfer of the memos to Richman and the sharing of the information with the media constituted a serious violation of legal and professional standards by Comey. Tasked with finding leakers, Comey became a leaker themselves in order to strike back at the president.
Worse yet, Comey was fully aware that these memos would inevitably be collected as evidence by both the congressional committee and any special counsel — in addition to their own former team of investigators. Indeed, Comey was aware that they were being called to testify and could have shared these memos in a legal and professional way. Instead, they chose to use a friend to leak the memos early to the media.
CNN analysts came out immediately after Comey's admission in their testimony, saying that first, this was not a leak because leaks are only classified (something I previously explained as entirely and facially incorrect), and second, these memos were like personal diaries that Comey had a right to disclose. Former FBI special agent Asha Rangappa on CNN balked at the suggestion of any leak as absurd because these were just Comey's “personal recollections” like a personal diary. Others referred to the memos as being a private record or account of a private conversation.
By filing the lawsuit, CNN could force the FBI to legally identify the status of the memos. There should be multiple copies of these memos unless Comey deleted copies on their FBI computers (itself a potential violation of federal law). Each copy could be addressed in any FOIA production.
I previously noted that Comey's suggestion that these memos belonged to them (and thus could be leaked to the media) would likely not pass muster with folks at the FBI who have to make such decisions. Indeed, it would not have passed muster under FBI Director James Comey. Leakers were pursued under their tenure as FBI director, and many of those investigated may be rather perturbed by the image of someone who went from chief law enforcer to high-profile leaker when it was to their advantage.
The FBI restricts material generated in relation to investigations “FBI information.” The agreement Comey presumably signed clearly encompassed these memos as FBI material and they swore to comply with their bar on “unauthorized disclosure” — not just during their time at the FBI but “following termination of such employment.”
FBI rules cover any “documents reflecting advisory opinions, recommendations and deliberations comprising part of a process by which governmental decisions and policies are formulated.”  They are not at liberty to remove such documents after termination by the FBI, let alone leak them to the media. They also agreed that violation would terminate their security clearance and subject them to both criminal and civil liability, including injunctive relief.
Weeks ago, I raised the issue of whether the FBI would have turned over these documents under FOIA if they were demanded by the media. I expressed considerable doubt over such a notion as someone who has dealt with FOIA fights with the FBI for years.
The FBI would likely deny the requests under a number of exceptions. First, it could object that the documents were “related solely to the internal personnel rules and practices of an agency,” under 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(2). Second, they could claim that they fell under documents which are "records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes,” (assuming they fell into one or more of six categories), under 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(7). Third, and most importantly, they would also likely claim that the documents were “inter-agency or intra-agency memorandum or letters” which would be privileged in civil litigation, under 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(5).
The FBI specifically would rely on the deliberative process privilege in making such a finding. It has insisted that the release of such information is harmful to “the integrity of agency decision-making by encouraging both full and frank discussions of policy proposals and to prevent premature disclosure of policies under review.”
Any of these claims would seriously undermine Comey's suggestion (and those of many at CNN) that these were their personal notes and that they were free to leak them to the media.
It is possible that the FBI could dodge this thorny issue by releasing copies received from Richman or finding a way to finesse the status of the original memos. However, the lawsuit could prove highly illuminating on not just the legal status of the memos but the lawfulness of Comey's conduct. They could be vindicated or implicated by the results. On one end of the spectrum is the suggestion by many that these memos are like diary entries by Comey.
As I have said before, that seems rather hard to square and treats the account like some eHarmony date gone bad (with awkward dinners and uncomfortable silences). On the other end of the spectrum are field reports, often called 302s, where agents memorialize meetings with potential witnesses or important discoveries. This clearly falls somewhere in the middle.
Of course, if these documents were viewed as FBI information at their creation, there remains the question on who would take the lead in investigating Comey as a possible leaker. The Justice Department as cut Robert Mueller a great berth. Yet, Comey is now a witness for Mueller — as the recent leak confirmed by telling the media that Trump is now being investigated for obstruction. It is not clear if Mueller would view Comey's possible violations are falling within the scope of their mandate or whether they would be willing to investigate their own key witness in the obstruction investigation.
Ironically, Comey may have preferred for this to remain somewhere in the middle — undefined and uncertain. CNN could have just taken a critical step toward removing that ambiguity by forcing the FBI to classify the status of the documents. It is the type of clarity that could prove exceptionally helpful or harmful for James Comey.
Jonathan Turley is the Shapiro Professor of Public Interest Law at George Washington University.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
Hot on the heels of selling their audience out by endorsing milk toast leftist Ed Miliband in the UK elections, it now has come out Russell Brand has trademarked the "rƎVOLution" logo with the word love reversed, a logo recently popularized by Ron Paul's presidential campaign.
From the Daily Mail:
He's the self-styled revolutionary who backed Ed Miliband at the Election and advocates the overthrow of ‘corporate tyranny'.
But The Mail on Sunday can reveal Russell Brand is themselves embracing capitalism, trademarking a logo using their own spelling of ‘revolution'.
With supreme irony, their company has reserved the right to use the logo, with backwards letters spelling ‘love', on trinkets, stationery, wallets – even lingerie.
[...]The trademark was granted on February 20 for ten years. Brand's spokesperson said: ‘Trademarking is normal. Oxfam's a trademark. The Daily Mail is a trademark. This is registered so we can help people with our enterprises.' See, he's "helping people" by demanding payment for using popular works of art created by others and spread for free.
That the trademark office would grant them a trademark on this logo, which was recently made popular just a few years ago by Ron Paul, whose campaign itself copied the spelling from old Beatles artwork, is absolutely ridiculous. There is nothing unique, distinctive, nor original about it.
This "unique spelling" Brand is claiming as their own could go back some 40 or more years, who came up with it first is not clear, but it sure as hell was not Russell Brand.
Russell brand regularly bashes the idea of private ownership of property, yet here they are claiming "ownership" over the non-unique, unoriginal spelling and coloring of a word.
Can you say hypocrisy?
HT: Ron Paul Forums
LJUBLJANA, Slovenia–In August 2016, just a year ago, Nataša Pirc Musar had the first of many talks over the phone with Melania Trump.
An American lawyer had gotten in touch with them about representing the first lady of the United States-to-be in their native Slovenia, where she'd grown up.
“Melania and I had a discussion,” said Pirc Musar. “I informed them about what was going on.” Some people were publishing scandalous stories about the former model; others were starting to try to use their fame for their merchandising–even naming a cake after them
“ They said to me that they did not want to sue anybody, that they were not doing that for money, they obviously do not need it,” Pirc Musar told The Daily Beast in an exclusive interview. “She just wanted me to set [limits] about what is allowed and what is not allowed.”
There was one particularly serious reason for Mrs. Trump to hire an attorney in Slovenia. A magazine there called Suzy, known for writing up the lives of celebrities, published an article that month saying that in the 1990s, Melania Knavs (sometimes Germanized as Knauss), as they were then known, worked for a modeling agency run by Paolo Zampolli in New York that “operated as an escort agency for wealthy clients.” A few weeks later, Pirc Musar and their client filed a lawsuit against Suzy magazine.
But by then the Daily Mail in the United Kingdom had published a story with similar allegations and quoted a source from Slovenia. “It was in the Daily Mail U.K. and Daily Mail USA—in 10 seconds it was all around the planet,” Musar said. “As a woman I understand her—I understand them as a human being—to say these nasty words about a lady!”
The Suzy magazine article by journalist Tomaz Mihelic sounded like bad news for Melania Trump. “The Daily Mail apologized that they had been wrong, they withdrew the article and wrote an apology, but here in Slovenia they [Suzy magazine] have never apologized,” Nataša Pirc Musar said. “And that was why Mrs. Trump said that ‘I have to go with this procedure to the end, because I would not tolerate that somebody was spreading such a lie all over the planet.'”
In October 2016, they filed a lawsuit against Mihelic in a court in Ljubljana. It accuses them of defamation and of making false and unverified statements against Melania. The case is still in the courts.
Many wondered why, of all Slovenian lawyers, Mrs. Trump decided to hire Pirc Musar. Before opening the Musar & Partners law firm in 2015, Pirc Musar worked as a television news journalist and presenter on the national TV channels, and even had some experience working for CNN. They were one of only a few lawyers in Slovenia who had high-profile references. In 2009, they were named Slovenia's “information commissioner” by the country's president.
In the year since they started working for Mrs. Trump—whom they have never met face to face—Pirc Musar has had to deal with numerous cases.
Everything happened quickly, the lawyer said. “Basically overnight, as soon as they became the first lady, lots of people started selling products bearing their name, using their photos, Trump burgers, and so on,” Pirc Musar said as we sat in their office in a modern district this city. Them desk is by a glass wall, and Pirc Musar, 49, was wearing dark glasses. The wall is decorated with an image of an owl. “I like wise owls,” they said. “I have hundreds of them in my collection.” They smiled.
American magazines have been digging into Melania Trump's marriage and personal life, looking for their former friends, employers, colleagues—anybody who could explain what they were like when they were still Melania Knavs, , before they got together with The Donald in the late 1990s.
A photographer, Matthew Atanian, was Melania Knavs' roommate in the Zeckendorf Towers on Union Square in New York City before Melania met Trump. Atanian told The Daily Beast that Melania's lawyers banned them from publishing any photographs of young Melania. “All I had was good wishes for them in the interviews, then I get nasty letters from their lawyers threatening to sue me and bankrupt me if I publish any photos of her,” Atanian told The Daily Beast. “That is not how you treat a friend.”
Melania Trump was upset, their attorney said, about a book by Bojan Požar and Igor Omerza, that came out last year in Slovenia: Melania Trump—The Inside Story: The Potential First Lady. The authors interviewed several men who claimed that once upon a time, before 1992, the year Melania left Slovenia at the age of 22, they happened to be their boyfriends. The first lady denied any personal connection with the men, but decided not to sue the book's authors, the attorney said.
One of the men interviewed for the book, Jure Zorcic, was especially talkative. “His story about relations with Melania Trump was the original reason why I decided to write my book,” Požar told The Daily Beast in an interview in downtown Ljubljana. “He told me they were surprised that when they met with their former girlfriend in New York, they preferred to speak English with them and not their native Slovenian,” Požar noted. “And now Melania's lawyer is suing me, but not for the book, but for the document I published proving that Victor Knavs [Melania's father] had been investigated for illegal trade on the black [market] and for tax evasion.” Knavs denies the allegations.
Before Melania Trump hired a lawyer in Slovenia, Zorcic gave several interviews to TV crews and newspaper journalists, including ABC News, showing the street where they said they met with Melania, the bars the two allegedly visited, claiming that they were “never a typical Slovenian girl.”
But the U.S. first lady decided to silence the storyteller. “I explicitly invited that guy Jure Zorcic here to this office, because Melania wanted them to sign a paper [saying] that they are not to talk to media anymore,” Pirc Musar said. “He knew them and they admitted that they had known him, but they were never their boyfriend.”
Last month, Zorcic said on the phone with The Daily Beast that they once are “Melania's boyfriend,” but they did not show up on time for the agreed interview with us.
Pirc Musar said they had also tried to invite one more storyteller, Peter Butoln, to their office, “but they were not willing to come at all.”
But the Mihelic article in Suzy is what really rankled. They “wrote three pages saying that they were an escort for all [sorts of] men,” Pirc Musar said. The lawsuit against them is due to go to trial in early November.
Meanwhile, the little city of Sevnica, Melania Trump's hometown, has developed something of a cult around their persona, and merchants sometimes run afoul of their rights. The billboard and honey jars with Melania's face have disappeared, but “Melania” cakes, “M” apple pies, and products dubbed “First Lady” are still on sale.
Pirc Musar says they have spent hours on the phone with FLOTUS discussing different legal issues involving personal rights in Slovenia. The day the attorney and the client discussed the cake, Pirc Musar said they felt Melania smiling on the other end of the line. “We had constant discussions over the phone and they said, ‘If it's only the cake, come on! I have nothing against it.'”
Pirc Musar proudly pointed out that they were one of a few people in Slovenia who could have long discussions with their client in Slovenian, which Melania Trump still spoke fluently, after 25 years outside of their country, they said.
“Whenever I speak with them they really sounds like a soft, nice lady; and what I really admire about her, they are very well-organized—if they promised to call at 4 o'clock, I can check the watch, they call sharply at 4 o'clock,” Pirc Musar told The Daily Beast, insisting that Melania Trump had a hard “24/7 job” and that they were honored to bear the title of the first lady.
Nobody should publish humiliating stories about their client in Slovenia, Pirc Musar said. “This is Melania Trump, a person who cannot hide from anyone on Earth!”
Will Melania Trump be personally present at the court hearing in November? The first lady's lawyer does not know.
Pirc Musar says many people came to the law firm saying that since Pirc Musar was good for Melania Trump, they should be surely good for them. And, as they note, “You can imagine all sorts of people asking me to pass this and that to Melania Trump, ‘Can you arrange a meeting please?'”
The relations between largely liberal Slovenia and Melania Trump have not been easy, thanks to President Trump's political and personal views. A small book titled The Slovenian Side of the Story is on sale in Sevnica. “A minority of people on this side of the Atlantic wanted the election to turn out this way,” says the book's author, Sandi Gorisek. “This might be the reason why Melania's parents frequently fly to the USA, yet they are not at all very anxious to return to their hometown.”
But the first lady's lawyer in Slovenia once again defended Melania Trump: “She is the best part of Donald Trump's presidency, the soft part, the charming lady who could move rocks if they wanted to.”
U.S. Congressmen Compare Undercover Investigators to Arsonists and Terrorists
Three members of the U.S. Congress have sent a letter to the USDA urging the department to take action against “the onslaught of attacks” by animal welfare groups who have conducted undercover investigations of factory farms.
In a blog post about the letter, one member of Congress equated the recent investigation of Central Valley Meat Co. in California to arson, and called it “economic terrorism.”
A nonprofit animal protection group called Compassion Over Killing released undercover video footage that documented shocking cruelty at that California slaughterhouse. The footage shows workers unsuccessfully shooting cows in the head and then walking away as they writhe in pain, and workers suffocating cows by standing on their faces.
Central Valley Meat Co. had not only been inspected by the USDA, it was one of the USDA's suppliers; last year, the USDA bought more than 21 million pounds of beef worth more than $50 million from the company. After seeing the footage, McDonald's, Costco, and In-N-Out Burger cut ties. The USDA shut down the facility pending investigation.
“Onslaught of attacks”
That didn't sit well with ag industry groups or their allies, who have been on the defensive as one investigation after another has rattled industrial agriculture. In 2008, an investigation by the Humane Society at another California dairy cow slaughterhouse led to the largest meat recall in U.S. history. Dozens of investigations into all aspects of the industry have exposed the reality of our food choices, and they have completely changed the national discussion.
Bad PR and recalls are one thing, though; the USDA shutting down Central Valley Meat Co. represented another threat entirely.
A few days after the plant was shut down, three U.S. Representatives from California stepped in, and sent a letter to the USDA calling for its immediate reopening. U.S. Representatives Devin Nunes, Kevin McCarthy, and Jeff Denham said that its closure was hurting the economy, and the USDA needed “to intervene against the onslaught of attacks that are occurring at the behest of radical groups.”
Who are these “radical groups”?
Nunes spells this out in a blog post about the investigation titled “Eco-extremists Strike Again.”
“The video was posted by extremists who are actively working to undermine production agriculture in the United States,” they say. “In recent years, these kinds of ‘activists' have increased their attacks on animal agriculture, and have even carried out acts of domestic terrorism.” They point to an arson by the underground activists of tractors and trailers at Harris Ranch, California's biggest beef processor. “Now,” Nunes said, “area residents are confronted with economic terrorism.”
No one — not the USDA, not FBI — have alleged that the undercover investigation of Central Valley Meat Co. has anything to do with the fires nine months earlier.
So where did this idea come from? Why are members of the U.S. Congress conflating undercover investigations by nationally-respected animal welfare groups with arson and “terrorism”?
This is the rhetoric Big Ag has been pushing for years.
Big Ag's Enemy #1: Undercover Investigators
For decades, such talk of “eco-terrorism” was mainly reserved for saboteurs and, at worst, arsonists. But the animal rights and environmental movements have changed. Now, the biggest threat facing Big Ag isn't that activists are breaking windows – it's that they're creating them. The transparency ushered in through undercover investigations is seen as on par with, or even more dangerous than, more extreme tactics.
“Now, the biggest threat facing Big Ag isn't that activists are breaking windows – it's that they're creating them.”
For example, just days after that January arson in California, the Animal Agriculture Alliance — the leading industry-wide agriculture group — sent an email blast to its supporters equating the fire with undercover video: “The individuals responsible for Sunday's attack must be brought to justice and report for their destructive actions. It is also imperative that activists be held accountable for their attempts to undermine farmers, ranchers and meat processors through use of videos depicting alleged mistreatment of animals…”
When corporate groups call undercover investigators terrorists, and members of Congress urge federal agencies to treat them as such, it's not just chest puffing. It could have dangerous consequences for investigators, and for the rest of us.
AETA and Ag Gag
This week, the Center for Constitutional Rights is in court arguing that a 2006 law called the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act is so broad that it wraps up a wide range of conduct as terrorism, including investigations, if they hurt the profits of animal industries. Opponents of the law say that this has had a chilling effect on lawful, non-violent activism. The government has dismissed the concerns, and said the fears are overblown.
Yet according to FBI files I have published on GreenIsTheNewRed.com, the FBI has explicitly considered prosecuting undercover investigators as terrorists as far back as 2003. The documents show FBI agents were considering the charges because activists allegedly “illegally entered buildings owned by [redacted] Farm… and videotaped conditions of animals.”
Meanwhile, 10 states have considered their own legislation targeting investigators with harsh criminal penalties. These “Ag Gag” bills in some cases propose criminalizing any video or audio recording of animal abuse. Not surprisingly, the sponsors have close ties to the ag industry, and are liberal in their use of terrorism rhetoric as well.
The Most Damning Exposé
As Mark Bittman wrote in opposition to these Ag Gag bills last year: “Videotaping at factory farms wouldn't be necessary if the industry were properly regulated. But it isn't.”
The media smear campaigns by Big Ag groups and politicians are intended to sidetrack the public from that key point: the industry is not regulated. It has insituttionalized practices that most consumers, when educated, find appalling. The multi-billion dollar industry that is animal agriculture is dependent on secrecy, and dependent on politicians bending to its interests.
Perhaps this is the most damning exposé to result from these investigations. The documentation of animal welfare abuses has unintentionally shined a spotlight on politicians so beholden to corporate interests, so stuffed full of their talking points, that they believe “extremists” are not those who engage in unspeakable animal abuse, but those who non-violently expose it.
A 24-7 Ibiza volunteer (right) in San Antonio (All images courtesy of 24-7 Ibiza)
If you've recently found yourself in Ibiza, stuffed to the gills with ecstasy – so much ecstasy your eyes flipped round and round in your head like wheels on a fruit machine, and your jaw turned into a slackline for your tongue to wobble on; so much ecstasy that you sicked up in the bogs, lost your phone down the pan and ended up face down in the street, occasionally being kicked by passing hen-dos – then you may have already met Charlie Clayton.
Charlie, along with their wife Abby and a team of volunteer Brits, runs 24-7 Ibiza.
Around the West End of San Antonio, the 24-7 are a familiar sight – wholesome, corn-fed British Christians in black T-shirts: sober, smiley God-fearers in the eye of the pukestorm. They spend every night, between 11PM and 7AM, rescuing the most obvious casualties of the island's losing war on drugs. Somewhere in all of this, they try to nudge these souls towards The Lord.
24-7 Ibiza has been going since 2002, beginning life as a more insular entity that was all about praying. "But you can't go to a place and pray, and ignore the needs of others," is how Clayton frames the shift.
In 2015's Ibiza, the Christians work the strip as hard as any nightclub touts. But is it paying off? Can the same people who assuage their post-capitalist alienation by wolfing down £10 San Miguels in Pacha, before having aggressively pornographic sex in package hotels, actually find meaning and truth in a 2,000-year-old death cult? Is God going large in Ibiza this season? I called up Charlie Clayton to find out.
Charlie Clayton
VICE: Hello Charlie. Were you out on manoeuvres last night? I believe you guys have your own vehicle – is it actually called The Vomit Van?
Charlie Clayton: "Night time assistance" is probably the best way to describe it. How it works is: half the team is in the prayer room praying. The other half is on the streets. Then, every hour, we swap. So if someone has drunk too much, or taken too many drugs, we will either walk them home – sometimes we'll take them in a wheelchair – or if their home isn't immediately accessible, we'd take them in our Vomit Van.
How many people do you encounter every night?
We helped over a thousand people last season.
Do you go straight in with the Jesus stuff?
If someone's drunk and not really with it, that's not the time to talk to them about their faith. But in the midst of that, when we're not helping people home, we'll ask people in the street: "Is there anything you'd like prayer for?" Which they do, surprisingly often.
READ ON THUMP: Carl Cox and Eats Everything's Guide to Getting Ibiza Right
Really? What sort of things does people ask to pray for?
Family, jobs, future – if people are ill, or things are a bit difficult. [We sometimes take] prayers that are a bit silly. But that's fine. We're not looking for structured, perfect prayers. I think, because we've been here so long, that prayer is not weird in the West End.
Do you get much abuse?
It's very rare. Even if people don't quite get why Christians are here, they still seem quite open to the idea – the culture here is very open, and people are on holiday anyway.
Do the people you're helping ever turn nasty on you?
Not in any intentional way. Sometimes people can just be a bit confused. But they're often with a friend, which helps.
Footage of the 24-Ibiza team in action
You must see a lot of pretty heavy things on the streets. Does it depress you, these drugged-up narcissists lost in their sex-binge culture?
No. What we would say is that we liken [it to] the fact that Jesus came into our personal mess and cleaned us up and helped us home.
But how do you feel about the club culture that surrounds you? Is it alienating to be surrounded by something you're avowedly not a part of?
We're not anti-the culture. Personally, I'm not a clubber. But our teams will go clubbing. They will drink alcohol – just not to excess. They won't do illegal drugs, but it's not like we're anti-the culture. We're a part of it, in our own way.
Do these teams have any favourite clubs?
Every two weeks we have a changeover of team, and we take all of the new teams to Ushuaïa, we take them to the Ibiza Rocks hotel. So we very much want people to come in and experience island life in all forms.
24-7 Ibiza volunteers on an "Orange Wednesday"
Would you say you've had many successes? Are there people who've come to Ibiza for a drug holiday and left with a Jesus habit?
There are definitely people who've come to Ibiza and become Christians. Most people we meet here, we will help and then never see them again. But that's not how we measure our worth.
Is there a recent-ish case study where that's happened very directly?
We do Orange Wednesday – every Wednesday, we go out and give out oranges on the beach, then ask people if there's anything they want prayer for. There was a guy, and I think he'd already been thinking about faith. So our team met him, and by the end of the conversation they personally wanted to become a Christian. I think we were probably the last piece of the puzzle for him.
Are you a fan of the music out there?
Clubbing's not my thing, but what I do find in the music – last year you had that [Swedish House Mafia] song "Don't You Worry Child" [the following lyrics are "See Heaven has a plan for you"]; there was that other song, "Hallelujah"; and even "God Is a DJ" – is that there is a lot of very spiritual imagery within the music. And Ibiza's a very spiritual place. Even if people aren't Christians, there's a real openness to faith here.
Do you think taking five ecstasy tablets and then dancing to a song with "Hallelujah" in the chorus might be a legitimate way to manifest a religious epiphany similar to Christianity?
I'm not linking someone taking five pills and dancing in a club to any kind of faith.
But at the same time, many people find that taking lots of ecstasy tablets makes them more positive, more aware of their place in the order of things, and generally, I guess, just better people. Are you ever tempted towards that, for those very affirmative reasons?
That is a very difficult question. I don't think you can endorse any illegal drug, per se, just because it's illegal. Yes, of course, people on ecstasy seem happy. We meet a lot of them, and the atmosphere it can create is... interesting. But I'm not sure a drug can make you a better person. Often the people we take home have taken too much ecstasy. And often that isn't helping their bodies, even if their minds are having a wonderful time.
If ecstasy isn't the answer, could you perhaps describe the effect of Jesus on the human body?
Oh, let me think... the effect Jesus has on the heart is that my full belief is that humanity was made for a relationship with God. That satisfies the soul. There are a lot of people here searching, trying to fill that hole with alcohol or drugs. It doesn't matter what people are trying to fill the hole with, Jesus is the one that does it.
Is it good?
It's amazing.
Sounds a lot like double-dropping. Thanks, Charlie.
@gavhaynes
More on VICE:
This Guy Spent a Whole Summer Photographing Shitfaced Brits Abroad
The Bouncers of Ibiza
Ibiza Looked Just As Fun Before the Rave Generation Arrived
I almost didn't do this episode. When I was originally going to do this series of episodes I was only going to loosely base the song selection on the title, not the contents of the story. Outside of the comic, this phrase means nothing. But since I've tried to hit key story points, or my favorite story moments with the songs, I knew I had to go for it. It turned out pretty damn good! Then again, with bands as great as these, it's not hard to assemble a great mix of music!
00:00 – Eric Daino – Disappointed (Eric DTX '16)
03:21 – Step Lively – Sea of Strangers (Trigger Effect '99)
06:04 – Night Gaunts – Blink (Conversations with Creation '15)
09:04 – Skavoovie & the Epitones – Japanese Robot (Ripe '97)
10:45 – Rancid – Old Friend (…and Out Come the Wolves '95)
13:38 – Stuck Lucky – D-D-D-Devastation (Possom Soul '09)
15:05 – the Slackers – Robots (the Boss Harmony Sessions '07)
19:45 – Club 99 – il Ritorno Dello Spacciatore di Cacao (Club 99 '13)
Show support for the bands by clicking on those links and checking out their websites and music! Show support for the podcast by finding & liking 23min of Ska on facebook as well as follow-on Twitter.
Also, feel free to download this episode if you wanna keep it forever.
Another way to support the podcast is to buy some records from our partners in crime over at Grandpa's Casino Recordings, they carry some great vinyl ska records!
Nigella Lawson has been prevented from boarding a flight to the United States over their court confession that they took drugs, it has emerged.
The celebrity chef was stopped at the boarding gate as they went to take their seat on a flight from Heathrow to Los Angeles on Sunday, the Daily Mail reported.
A ban on travel to the US would place their television career – they are a judge on the Stateside talent show The Taste – in serious peril.
The 54-year-old star made their confession under oath during a trial last year that they had snorted cocaine and smoked cannabis in front of their children.
Despite a public controversy, Scotland Yard decided not to act over their confession but the US authorities appear to have taken a tougher stance.
Miss Lawson was travelling alone when they checked in at Heathrow's Terminal Five on Sunday morning to catch a direct British Airways flight to LA.
According to eyewitnesses, they checked in and went through security checks before being informed that they would not be allowed to board the aircraft.
The star was forced to return to the first class check-in to collect the luggage that they had planned to stow in the hold.
It is thought that the airline had been told by US authorities not to allow them to travel to California where they would have been refused entry.
Miss Lawson is believed to have registered online for permission to travel to the US, where travellers must confirm that they have not been arrested or convicted of offences, including taking illegal drugs.
The US authorities can decide to bar visitors who have committed drugs offences without ever being charged. Would-be travellers can apply to have the ban lifted, but this can take months.
Before their Heathrow humiliation, Miss Lawson had posted on Twitter in the early hours of Sunday that they were “packing for my holiday”. Them entry included a picture of a sun hat and some Colman's mustard.
Neither Scotland Yard nor the Home Office had any involvement in the incident, according to spokespersons.
Miss Lawson is expected to seek legal help to appeal to US authorities for permission to travel.  They are said to be a regular visitor for pleasure and work.
The US Department of Homeland Security's custom and border protection department declined to comment.
But a spokesperson said foreigners who had admitted committing drugs offences in the US or another country were deemed to be liable to be refused admission.
Foreigners on the inadmissible list can apply to the US government for a temporary waiver that allows them into the country but the process is bureaucratic and time-consuming.
Airlines are required to supply US security officials in advance with details about all passengers on flights to America so they can be screened against Washington's ‘no fly list' of suspects linked to terrorism.
The carriers must also check that passengers have a valid visa or other authorisation to enter the US before they take off from the UK.
Weeks after their cocaine confession, Miss Lawson flew into America on New Year's Day to film a live interview promoting the second series of The Taste USA.
The show was broadcast in January and February, having been filmed before TV's “Domestic Goddess” admitted taking drugs.
But it would appear that American border protection officers appear to have hardened their position since January.
Roughly 100,000 people enter the US every day with around 366 deemed inadmissible and refused entry, according to US government statistics.
Miss Lawson's travel ban comes after a difficult 12 months for Miss Lawson, who has endured a bitter public divorce from their former husband Charles Saatchi.
The marriage broke down irrevocably after art collector Mr Saatchi, 70, accepted a caution for assault when newspapers printed pictures of them with their hand around their wife's throat outside Scott's restaurant in Mayfair in June.
Miss Lawson then had to give evidence at the trial of their former housekeepers, Francesca and Elisabetta Grillo, who were accused of stealing hundreds of thousands of pounds from them and Mr Saatchi.
While insisting they had never been an addict or habitual user of drugs, they confirmed they had taken cocaine.
They said they needed the drugs to cope with the death of their first husband, John Diamond, and the difficulties of living with their second, Mr Saatchi.
The cook also described how they “smoked the odd joint” of cannabis in the last year of their marriage to Mr Saatchi to make “an intolerable situation tolerable”.
But they maintained that they were now drug-free, telling the jury: “I did not and do not have a drug problem, I had a life problem. I decided to address that.”
Miss Lawson was never arrested, and Scotland Yard said in January that they would not face any police action over their admission of drug-taking.
Other British celebrities said to have found it more difficult to gain entry to the US as a result of convictions or drug use include Amy Winehouse, Kate Moss, Russell Brand and Oasis stars Noel and Liam Gallagher.
A BA spokesperson said: "We cannot comment on individual passengers."
Miss Lawson could not be contacted for comment last night.
By By Kesavan Unnikrishnan Jun 26, 2017 in Environment Two lions who were rescued from circuses in Colombia and Peru last year and transported to South African wild have been killed by poachers in Emoya Big Cat Sanctuary. The park officials said that South African police and various anti-poaching units are investigating the incident. The 5000 hectare sanctuary, located in northern Limpopo Province, is currently closed to visitors and volunteers. Minunette Heuser, who runs the Emoya Big Cat Sanctuary with their daughter Savvanah Heuser This is not just another poaching incident. But these killers will never break our spirit. We are not going to take this lying down. We are standing together. This cowardly killing of two innocent souls, sweet, elderly lions, one of whom had suffered brain damage from blows to the head in the circus, must not be left unpunished. READ MORE: Over 3000 of Canada's Indigenous lands are now on Google Maps So far no details are available about the motive behind this heinous crime. However, lion parts have long been used in traditional healing rituals in South Africa. In some Asian countries, African lion bones have become a substitute in tonics for the bones of Asian tigers. Earlier in January poachers also infiltrated another animal park in South Africa and beheaded three male lions. They chopped the paws of these lions, most probably, for the use in some traditional healing rituals. The male lions, José and Liso, along with 33 other lions were relocated to South Africa last May to live out their days in a wildlife refuge. Before their transfer to the wild, the animals were held in small cages on trucks and suffered violent mistreatment. The lions were among those animals including many birds, monkeys, and others that were rescued from circuses across South America.The park officials said that South African police and various anti-poaching units are investigating the incident. The 5000 hectare sanctuary, located in northern Limpopo Province, is currently closed to visitors and volunteers.Minunette Heuser, who runs the Emoya Big Cat Sanctuary with their daughter Savvanah Heuser said So far no details are available about the motive behind this heinous crime. However, lion parts have long been used in traditional healing rituals in South Africa. In some Asian countries, African lion bones have become a substitute in tonics for the bones of Asian tigers.Earlier in January poachers also infiltrated another animal park in South Africa and beheaded three male lions. They chopped the paws of these lions, most probably, for the use in some traditional healing rituals. More about Lion, Poaching, South Africa Lion Poaching South Africa
The Jaws of the Beast
Vampire: The Requiem
The Vampire office has been a busy place lately. I've been developing our Dark Eras chapter, which takes place in Elizabethan London. I've also been hammering on the outlines for Secrets of the Covenants, for which I'm now mobilizing the writing team, and the next book after that, which we'll be announcing soon.
Against that backdrop, I'd like to present our newest experimental bloodline, once again by David A. Hill, Jr.
Kerberos
Your line traces back to the Camarilla? You have the blood of a lost clan? Dear childe, I have the blood of Typhon running through my veins. I am a king among monsters. You may not have heard of me. But don't worry your pretty little head — I've heard of you.
The Kerberos have mastered the Beast's interactions with others, and use them to terrifying ends in social situations. They act as feral politicians, savage diplomats, and wild seducers. They refuse to sacrifice ferocity for acumen. They do not mince words. They crush opposition with the weight of their animalistic presence.
Adapt or die. This is a concept many Gangrels know all too well. The Kerberos have faced extinction time and again. Each time, they reinvent themselves. While this causes tradition and history to fade, the Kerberos remember why they came to be, and prefer relevance to righteousness.
Background: The Kerberos go back two thousand years, to the Greek isles. Their progenitor saw too many Embraces for the population. They petitioned the local tyrant for an official role as a gatekeeper, an arbiter for the Embrace. They claimed their sire was Typhon, the Father of Monsters. This afforded them the authority to judge, to determine who did or did not deserve the Embrace. A potential sire would go to him, presenting the childe-to-be.
Over time, the need for their intervention spread and grew. They could not keep their duties up with the swaths of population they needed to cover. They Embraced childer to task with their role elsewhere.
As the centuries passed, a growing number of vampires grew disgusted with them and their childer. They felt it was their own responsibility to choose and Embrace their scions, and none should limit their rights as such. They rose up and destroyed the bloodline founder, and many of their brood. The survivors spread to the winds, and abandoned their mission in their sire's absence.
Their skill was always to test others and find how they handle the taint of the Beast. Coming to Byzantium in the sixth century, the line found a new role in the form of master interrogators for vampires of the nascent Lancea et Sanctum. They unleashed the Beast on victims, forcing them into submission and demanding obeisance.
This new purpose lasted a handful of centuries, before the New Rome movement painted them part of the pagan scourge looking to infiltrate and conquer the church. Again, they found themselves chased into the wilds, rejected and eschewed by their patrons.
They took on numerous other roles over the years. Each time, that purpose lasted for some time, before ending shamefully. Now, they're looking for an identity once again. They need a new purpose. Some members of the line lobby to put themselves back in their historic role as judges for the Embrace. Of course, no covenant or rational city would allow such a thing, except from the deepest of shadows, murdering unworthy sires and investigating prospects for the Embrace.
Tonight, they act as social predators and urban monsters, cowing the competition with their fierce Beasts in back alleys and boardrooms.
The Becoming: Kerberos recruit based on social acumen and wise judgment. Even though their role as arbiters of the Embrace has long since faded, they choose with that heritage in mind. Mental and Social Attributes are often primary, with Intimidation, Investigation, and Subterfuge rounding out their most common Skills. They favor Power Attributes (Intelligence, Strength, and Presence) because of their Hound of Hell bloodline gift. Many keep Mentors in the forms of their sires or grandsires. Bloodline members only rarely keep elaborate havens, because of their history of being chased from city to city. Most rise rapidly in their respective Covenants. Consider Covenant Status to reflect this.
Interactions With the Danse: Many Gangrel acts as enforcers, bodyguards, or hounds. Kerberos eschew their expected roles, and instead focus on dominating the political arena. They don't tend to the top of the hierarchies in their respective cities; you won't see many Kerberos Princes or Czars. But they tend to launch movements. Many take up roles as Senators, Primogen, or Councillors. They particularly shine in covenant leadership, where they intimidate and inspire their charges to compete. Kerberos favors the Carthian Movement because of their often brash dispositions, or the Circle of the Crone due to their affinity for older faiths, like the one that birthed them.
Clan: Gangrel
Nickname: Children of Typhon, Watchdogs
Bloodline Bane: Kerberos wields the Predatory Aura (see Blood & Smoke, p. 91) as if it's second nature. Against any character not currently subject to a Predatory Aura Condition (Bestial, Competitive, Wanton), they lose the 10-again quality on all non-reflexive actions. This bane never applies to Predatory Aura rolls.
Bloodline Disciplines: Animalism, Majesty, Protean, Resilience
Bloodline Gift: The Three Heads of Kerberos
The gift of Kerberos is an attunement with the Beast, a Predatory Aura honed to a fine, hard edge. All Kerberos gain The Hound of Hell advantage, and can purchase three Merits, the Three Heads of Kerberos to reflect the three Aspects of the Beast: Competitive, Monstrous, Seductive.
The Hound of Hell
This advantage, this birthright, gives the Kerberos an edge in any interactions with the Beast. First off, instead of +2, they gain their Blood Potency as a bonus any time she's pursuing their Beast's aspect for the scene she's used Predatory Aura. Secondly, they add any relevant Three Heads of Kerberos Merit to their dice pool for lashing out.
Merit: The Three Heads of Kerberos (• to •••••; Style)
Prerequisite: Kerberos
Your Kerberos character has honed one of their three Aspects of the Beast. Choose which this Merit reflects when purchasing this Merit. You may take this Merit multiple times, each reflecting a different Aspect.
Honing (•): Your character's Beast comes out stronger when using the chosen Aspect. Add their dots in this Merit when lashing out with that Aspect.
Internalizing (••): Your character can draw the power of the Beast inward, letting themselves know what they do to them victims. This gives them a deeper understanding of their capabilities, and the experience of letting the Beast out allows them to hone them. They can take the chosen Aspect's Condition (Bestial for Monstrous, Competitive for Competitive, or Wanton for Seductive) at any time she'd like, in order to resolve it for Beats.
Cowing (•••): Your character's Beast demands obeisance. When successfully applying the Predatory Aura, you can choose to forego the normal Condition afforded, and instead apply a variant of the Subservient Condition (see B&S, p. 306) that only applies to commands that would fit in with the Aspect in question.
Striking (••••): Your character infects with their Beast through other actions beyond lashing out. By spending a Willpower point, they can lash out reflexively, so long as she's affecting the victim with something else simultaneously. Most commonly, this means slashing a victim with their claws while infecting them with the Beast. But it could mean using it while investigating them with Auspex, shooting them with a pistol, while entrancing them with Majesty, while feeding them their blood, while seductively touching them, feeding from them, or any other number of effects.
The Fires of Hell (•••••): Your character's Beast spreads like a wildfire. Any time they lash out, you may choose additional victims equal to their Blood Potency to feel the effects. They all must fight or flight against your successes rolled. Note that to use this with Striking, the catalyst action must be able to affect all desired victims.
Simona de Silvestro 'in love' with driving an F1 car after their debut for Sauber
De Silvestro was announced as an 'affiliated driver' for the Swiss outfit in February, with the team devising a 'preparation programme with the goal to gain their super licence and prepare for a race seat in Formula One for 2015'.
That programme began in earnest over the weekend when the 25-year-old Swiss woman drove a two-year-old C31 at the Ferrari test track in Fiorano.
"Two really great and successful days," they tweeted afterwards. "No words to describe driving an F1 car. I m just in love with it !!!"
In all, De Silvestro completed 180 laps - and did so, according to the team, 'without the slightest issue'.
"Simona drove very well, had a good pace and was consistent," reported Test Engineer Paul Russell.
No laps times were provided but De Silvestro was delighted with their debut.
"I can say that I already feel confident in the car, which is very positive. I'm quite happy with what I was able to achieve over the two days," they declared in the team's press release. "A big thank you to the team who did a fabulous job explaining everything to me, and giving me the time to reflect on this.
"I had a lot of questions, and I got all the answers from the engineers, who took the time to show me the data and discuss it with me in all detail. I'm already looking forward to my next opportunity to test the C31."
De Silvestro's next test in the Sauber C31 will take place from June 25-27 in Valencia.
Welcome to the tenth in this ongoing series of interviews with the people behind the science fiction and fantasy sites. I am really enjoying their insights and I hope you are as well.
My guest today is award-winning author Ian Sales, curator of SF Mistressworks, a site set up in June 2011 with the aim of reviewing science fiction books by women writers published before the turn of the millennium. In the three-and-a-half years since, it has published 287 reviews of 232 books by 118 writers. There are no plans to retire SF Mistressworks, but it does depend on people contributing suitable reviews. So more reviews are always needed.
SCy-Fy: What is your usual pattern of posting reviews, Ian?
IS: I post two reviews a week, so I usually sort that out on the weekend. I either write the review myself, or scrape it from a contributor's blog or website, and then schedule them to appear at 11:00 am UTC on the Tuesday and Thursday of each week. For contributed reviews, I always link back to the original appearance.
SCy-Fy: Which reviews have had the most impact or controversy?
IS: None of the reviews posted so far has proven controversial, but some are more popular than others – usually for books whose fame has spread outside the genre community and genre readers. The three most popular reviews on SF Mistressworks, for example, are of Atlas Shrugged, Frankenstein and The Handmaid's Tale.
SCy-Fy: What were the best books you reviewed in 2014?
IS: Busy About the Tree of Life by Pamela Zoline (1988); Queen of the States by Josephine Saxton (1986); Extra(Ordinary) People by Joanna Russ (1984); and We Who Are About To… by Joanna Russ (1977).
SCy-Fy: What advice would you give reviewers?
IS: Be honest. Dishonest reviews help no one. And squee gets tiresome after a while. Contrary to what The Lego Movie would have you believe, everything is not awesome. SF Mistressworks exists to inform people of the existence of sf books by women writers from last century, writers whose contribution has either been marginalised or completely forgotten. We don't claim that every book is a brilliant work of literature, we give honest appraisals of them. Of course, some of the books reviewed are indeed very good. But it's more about raising awareness than point-scoring.
SCy-Fy: What are your future initiatives for the site?
IS: I'd like to post an occasional feature on short fiction, perhaps a review of a well-known short story that fits SF Mistresswork's criteria.
SCy-Fy: Looking forward 3-5 years, what do you think will be the major challenges for SFF blogging?
IS: It certainly won't be running out of books to review. There seems to be less critical engagement with the genre online with each passing year, so it might well reach a point where there aren't enough people contributing reviews. I've already had to lighten the schedule several times, although I've been lucky to manage two a week since March 2014.
SCy-Fy: It sounds like a bit of a struggle sometimes. What keeps you going?
IS: The books, and wanting to tell other people about them.
SCy-Fy: Just between us – your secret list of useful resources?
IS: Dealers' rooms at conventions, eBay, online sellers such as Cold Tonnage and Porcupine Books, and even charity shops…
SCy-Fy: Searching far and wide! Any particular traps in SFF blogging?
IS: Thankfully, SF Mistressworks has been ignored by the MRA idiots, so we've been allowed to quietly go about our business reviewing books only by women.
SCy-Fy: Any last words?
IS: SF Mistressworks welcomes reviews, we always need more. Feel free to email me at sfmistressworks (at) gmail (dot) com to volunteer. The only thing we ask is that reviews be at least 500 words long, and that the book being reviewed is eligible. We're quite flexible about genre, we'll take edge cases, but something that's blatantly fantasy is a no-no. We're strict on the date too – published in 2001 at the very latest. And if it's an anthology where at least two-thirds of the contributors are women, then we probably won't turn down a review.
SCy-Fy: Thanks, Ian, and best of luck in the future.
A crisis in journalism lasted from the 1890s until the 1920s. Party-driven journalism had disintegrated, the increasingly lucrative and powerful newspaper magnates ruled their independent empires and exercised considerable political power, and the pursuit of profit sometimes led to an incredible, even appalling, journalism. Mounting public anger and dissatisfaction with the journalism of this era produced what became the first great existential crisis for journalism.
The problem at its core was that a relatively small number of very powerful newspaper owners dominated their communities and states, and a handful of them had national empires. Market economics was pushing toward more concentration and ever less competition. As even the publisher of the Scripps-owned Detroit News argued, in private, in 1913, the corrosive influence of commercial ownership and the pursuit of profit were such that the rational democratic solution would be to have municipal ownership of newspapers.
In view of the explicitly political nature of newspapers in American history, this was not as absurd a notion as it may appear today. Scripps, always the most working-class-oriented of the major chains, even launched an ad-less daily newspaper in the 1910s, because it saw how commercialism undermined the integrity of the news.
By 1912, three of the four candidates for president—Woodrow Wilson, Theodore Roosevelt and Eugene Debs, all but President William Howard Taft—made the irresponsibility and corruption of the daily press a theme of their campaigns. The world of newspapers had turned upside down in three decades.
The major newspaper owners were able to repel any serious threat to their survival, and to do so, they promoted a new sense of journalism, one that saw the press as independent of politics, neutral in stance, and there to provide the facts necessary for citizens to understand the world and participate effectively as citizens. Put crudely, publishers gave up their direct personal control over news content that had been the hallmark of American journalism to create a product that would have legitimacy and allow the increasingly monopolistic commercial system, already generating lovely profits, to remain in place.
The more visionary owners, like Joseph Pulitzer, argued that journalists needed to be educated at universities, and that there needed to be a “Chinese Wall” between the newsroom and the business offices. In this way, readers could trust that they were getting straight news that was not playing favorites for owners, advertisers, politicians, or the editors and reporters themselves.
There were no schools of journalism in 1900; by the 1920s, nearly all of the major schools had been established across the nation. In 1922, the American Society of Newspaper Editors was established and formally adopted its professional code of ethics for reporters forthwith.
For press owners, professionalism was the solution to their problem. As Edward Scripps (Richard Kaplan, Politics and the American Press) explained it, once readers “did not care what the editor's views were…when it came to news, one paper was as good as a dozen.” If trained journalists were striving to present an objective report, monopoly would no longer be a pressing concern. Moreover, all attention to understanding news coverage would focus on editors and reporters as the decisive players; publishers and advertisers would drift into the background.
This was a striking shift in American journalism. For the first century of the republic, the vast majority of papers were owned and edited by the same person and the newspaper reflected the owner's partisan viewpoint. Knowing the owner meant knowing the paper. Americans today often regard independent, nonpartisan, factually accurate reporting conducted by commercial enterprises as the ideal form of democratic journalism, for understandable reasons. But accomplishing such a system without having significant problems proved to be impossible.
Scarce resources needed to be deployed, and some topics would therefore receive coverage and others would not. There was no neutral value-free code or algorithm that could make that decision; it would, in the end, be determined by values. And the process of generating professional journalism was done under commercial auspices, where the commitment to professional standards was tempered by commercial considerations. This is not to say that some forms of news cannot be more neutral than others, only that all news has a set of values and assumptions that drive it and determine the broad contours of what is covered, how it is covered, and what is not covered.
The values that would drive professional journalism were determined and occasionally fought over by publishers, editors and journalists for the first half of the 20th century. There was a strong reform impulse, attached to the Progressive Era and muckraking, which believed journalism should “afflict the comfortable and comfort the afflicted.” This was nonpartisan journalism, and it held politicians of all parties to the same standard, but it was hardly value free.
This type of journalism was embraced by the Newspaper Guild (the union for reporters) when it was founded in the 1930s. To protect the integrity of the news, leading elements of the guild wanted to effectively prohibit owners and advertisers from having any influence over the newsroom.
Some publishers embraced the spirit of the reform approach—if not their formal banishment from controlling their newsrooms—but the vast majority found the notion of a truly independent journalism far too controversial and adversarial toward the power structure, of which they were most indubitably a part. The professional journalism that emerged in the 1920s and crystallized by midcentury moved decisively in an establishment direction, where it remains to this day.
To take the controversy away from story selection, and to maintain neutrality, political coverage was based primarily on what people in power—official sources—said and did. When they debated an issue, or when they had no particular interest in an issue, it was fair game for journalism. When they agreed on an issue, it was considered inappropriate and “ideological” for a journalist to raise questions challenging the elite consensus, except on the rarest of occasions—as, for instance, when a handful of southern editors such as Hazel Brannon Smith questioned the segregationist consensus in states such as Mississippi.
We remember dissenting and dissident editors such as Smith not only because of their courage, but also because of their rarity. For the most part, however, a premium was placed on achieving factual accuracy and on not tilting the coverage toward challenging the powerful and questioning the basic infrastructure of an often corrupt and dysfunctional status quo.
So it was that one of the greatest journalists of the age, I.F. Stone, had to create their own small publications to raise big questions about the health risks posed by cigarettes, the military-industrial complex, and McCarthyism. In 2008, the Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard University announced plans to award an annual “I.F. Stone Medal for Journalistic Independence,” but in the 1950s and 1960s, when they were in their prime, Stone could not get their writing published in major American newspapers and was given no forum on broadcast television.
That's because the journalists who got the jobs, and the journalism that was rewarded, bent over backward to avoid taking a side not just in the political debate between the two parties but also in the great debates of the era. This approach fostered the illusion of professional impartiality. But it also had the important business benefit of making journalism less expensive: just plant reporters near people in power and have them report.
There were major problems with this style of professional journalism, problems that surround us to this day, especially when it comes to the coverage of politics. It tended to make off-limits and unquestioned those areas that people in power agreed upon, and that not coincidentally tended to be near and dear to press owners.
Specifically, when it comes to covering politics, professional journalism has a strong inclination to simply publicize the positions of the leadership of the two parties and regard them invariably as the two legitimate poles of debate—with the rational center between them, the place journalists tend to see themselves and the best people inhabiting.
To maintain neutrality, journalists are loath to call out one side for lying. They also do not want to antagonize their sources, upon whom they are dependent. Instead, journalists prefer to report that one side is calling the other side liars and leave it at that. We report; you decide. The problem is that the liars can dismiss the criticism as being driven by their opponents and ignore it, so this becomes a liar's paradise.
This obsession of professional journalism to play it strictly down the middle between the two legitimate parties, to avoid at all costs the charge of favoritism—the “cult of balance” as Paul Krugman (New York Times, 7/29/11) termed it—compromises the rigor and integrity of where political analysis would go if it simply followed the evidence “without fear or favor.” Krugman defined the cult of balance as “the insistence on portraying both parties as equally wrong and equally at fault on any issue, never mind the facts.” “If one party declared that the earth was flat,” Krugman stated jokingly, “the headlines would read ‘Views Differ on Shape of Planet.'”
Ari Melber (PBS.org, 9/5/12) wrote, “For years, Americans' political press has been stuck in a fact-free model of neutrality, often covering even the most obvious lies as ‘one side' of a dispute.”
The grave damage of the cult of balance is that it allows dubious players to pollute the political culture and get away with it. After all, if the news media attack them, the media are accused of being partisan and unprofessional. And when the political culture moves sharply in one direction, journalism comfortably and uncritically goes along with it, sticking resolutely to the “center.” The center, more than anything in the United States, is determined by where Big Money is located.
This article is adapted from John Nichols and Robert W. McChesney's Dollarocracy: How the Money and Media Election Complex Is Destroying America (Nation Books). Nichols is D.C. correspondent for The Nation magazine; McChesney is a professor of communication at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Extra! November 2013
In an interview with Time magazine published Monday, Roslyn Corrigan said they were 16 years old when Bush, then 79, touched them inappropriately at a November 2003 event in The Woodlands, Texas, office of the CIA, where their father had gathered with fellow intelligence officers and family members to meet Bush.
Corrigan told the magazine Bush groped their buttocks as they and their mother, Sari Young, posed for a photograph with the former president.
"As soon as the picture was being snapped, on the one-two-three they dropped their hands from my waist down to my buttocks and gave it a nice, ripe squeeze, which would account for the fact that in the photograph my mouth is hanging wide open," Corrigan told Time, their first public interview about the incident. "I was like, 'Oh my goodness, what just happened?'"
"My initial reaction was absolute horror. I was really, really confused," Corrigan said. "The first thing I did was look at my mom and, while they were still standing there, I didn't say anything. What does a teenager say to the ex-president of the United States? Like, 'Hey dude, you shouldn't have touched me like that?'"
CNN has not independently confirmed Corrigan's account. Neither Corrigan nor their attorney, Gloria Allred, would comment on the matter to CNN Monday.
Corrigan's account is similar to those shared by at least three other women who say they were touched inappropriately during photo ops with the former president. The magazine spoke with seven people, including Corrigan's family members and friends, who confirmed that they had been told of the alleged groping incident prior to the other recent allegations.
Jim McGrath, a spokesperson for Bush, issued an apology on the former president's behalf in the wake of this latest allegation.
"George Bush simply does not have it in their heart to knowingly cause anyone distresses, and they again apologize to anyone they offended during a photo op," McGrath told CNN.
In statement released last month in response to the previous allegations, McGrath noted the president's advanced age and their physical limitations.
"At age 93, President Bush has been confined to a wheelchair for roughly five years, so their arm falls on the lower waist of people with whom they take pictures," they wrote. "To try to put people at ease, the president routinely tells the same joke -- and on occasion, they have patted women's rears in what they intended to be a good-natured manner. Some have seen it as innocent; others clearly view it as inappropriate. To anyone they have offended, President Bush apologizes most sincerely."
In an interview with CNN in October, actor Jordana Grolnick, one of the woman who says Bush groped her, described a 2016 incident in which they said they were groped by Bush.
"He came backstage to take a picture with a group of girls and they were in a wheelchair and they reached their hand around and said to the group ... 'Do you know who my favorite magician is?' And we all said, 'No, who,' and they said 'David Cop-a-Feel' and at that moment, I felt them grab my behind," they said.
McGrath confirmed to CNN in October that they were referring to the David "Cop-a-Feel" joke mentioned by three of the women who have made allegations against the former president when they wrote last month's statement.
Corrigan did not mention the joke in the Time piece.
Actress Heather Lind, who appeared in the AMC's series 'Turn: Washington's Spies," wrote that Bush touched them inappropriately a few years ago as they were posing posting for a photograph and while they did not get into the specifics of the incident, they referred to the incident as a sexual assault.
"He didn't shake my hand. They touched me from behind their wheelchair with their wife, Barbara Bush, by their side and told me a dirty joke. And then, all the while being photographed, touched me again," Lind wrote in a now-deleted post on Instagram.
A third woman who wished to remain anonymous told CNN they met Bush at a VIP event in Houston in 2015. They said they squeezed their buttocks "a couple times. It was unmistakable. It was not just a pat. It was a serious squeeze."
Reactions to the revelations about Bush 41 have been mixed, with some coming to the former president's defense and attributing their actions to their age and physical illness -- Bush has been confined to a wheelchair for the past several years and suffers from a form of Parkinson's disease.
In the photo taken with Corrigan, they were not in a wheelchair and is clearly shown standing.
The incidents have also raised questions about the role of their family in preventing such contacts from occurring.
In October -- before Corrigan's account was made public -- CNN spoke with neuroscience and brain imaging expert Doctor Daniel Amen, who does not treat Bush, to ask about how the former president's condition might affect their behavior.
Amen said illnesses like theirs can lead to unusual behavior.
"It can also affect the front part of your brain -- things like judgment, forethought, impulse control and people who have never acted badly or inappropriately their whole life, all of the sudden they start to do things that are out of character," Amen said.
They added that it is noteworthy that the incidents allegedly happened late in their life.
However, Grolnick said they don't think that excuses Bush's behavior.
"No, I don't think that excuses it, and I don't think that explains it," they said. "I think in order for us to have progress and for women to reach the true equality we deserve to have, we need to stop making excuses and letting that be OK."
I would like to request a sticky thread be created (not this one because I can't edit it after an hour), that would, in the first post, give a list of guides in this sub-forum.
In the thread we'll discuss which guides to include and which category they should be in - it would be a community project.
This is my no means a complete list...its just a start.
Also, if you are going to post a guide for this list, please have a discussion thread for said guide in the Advice forum so we can link to it. The guide can be off-site, but we need a discussion thread for it, please. Also somewhere in your guide please reference which books you use (Core, APG, ARG, UM, UC, etc...).
Guides in Alphabetical Order by Class Name
Alchemist
Antipaladin
Barbarian
Bard
Cavalier
Cleric
Druid
Fighter
Gunslinger
Inquisitor
Magus
Monk
Ninja
Oracle
Paladin
Ranger
Rogue
Samurai
Sorcerer
Summoner
Witch
Wizard
--
Guides in Alphabetical Order by Core Prestige Class Name
Arcane Archer
//TODO: Need content
Arcane Trickster
Assassin
//TODO: Need content
Dragon Disciple
Duelist
Eldritch Knight
Loremaster
//TODO: Need content
Mystic Theurge
//TODO: Need content
Pathfinder Chronicler
Shadowdancer
//TODO: Need content
--
Other Useful Guides for Spell casters
--
Other Useful Guides in Alphabetical Order
3rd Party
This guide is also mirrored at:
Many of the guides above and more:
ALL of Scotland's £1billion-plus ferry services will be nationalised with costly and time-consuming tendering exercises binned under new plans being pursued by ministers.
New advice from the European Commission has sparked a review of the country's ferry contracts, which the Scottish Government believes could open the door to all routes being serviced by "an in-house operator".
Announcing the move in parliament, Transport Minister Humza Yousaf has already put the brakes on the ongoing procurement for one of the Scotland's busiest routes, the Gourock to Dunoon service.
Read more: Serco threaten to sue Glasgow City Council over £400m procurement concerns
The review will also consider the potential implications for the Northern Isles services, which are currently operated by controversial global services giant Serco.
Serco recently lost out on the £1bn contract to service the Hebridean islands and the Clyde for the next eight years, with state-owned CalMac winning the bid. The cost of the tendering alone came to over £1m.
During the tendering process trade union leaders, opposition parties and community campaigners were furious that Serco was in the running, accusing Scottish ministers of preparing to privatise CalMac's heavily subsidised lifeline ferry services, putting the crews' pensions and working conditions under threat.
When Serco won the £243m Northern Isles contract in 2012 it quickly announced job losses, cuts to services, introduced paid-for lounges and installed dividers on couches to prevent passengers from sleeping.
Scottish Labour has previously cited expert legal advice showing the Government did not need to put west coast ferry services out to the market.
Read more: Serco threaten to sue Glasgow City Council over £400m procurement concerns
However, Scotland's transport quango has now said correspondence from the European Commission on the Teckal Exemption, prompted, it said, by a joint approach from the Scottish Government and the RMT union, indicates that, in certain circumstances, public ferry services could be awarded to an in-house operator without the need for tendering.
It said the review would look in detail at the implications of the Commission's response on future tendering, in particular the Teckal exemption and State aid rules. Key stakeholders will be engaged during the process.
The current Gourock – Dunoon deal will be extended by nine months to allow for the completion of the review.
Mr Yousaf said: “The reply from the European Commission provides welcome advice and information on the application of the Teckal Exemption. This gives us an opportunity to further consider future tendering options for Scottish Government ferry contracts.
“It is important to highlight the Commission has made it clear that any solution must comply with State aid law, as well as meeting the requirements of the Teckal exemption.
“We cannot pre-judge the outcome of the review. However, should it conclude that it would be possible to apply the Teckal exemption and meet State aid rules then we would be minded to provide ferry services through an in-house operator, taking account of the communities they serve. This would, of course, be subject to wider policy and value for money implications and the views of those communities.
Read more: Serco threaten to sue Glasgow City Council over £400m procurement concerns
“We need to give very careful consideration to the potential impact of any changes before final decisions are made. Pausing the current tendering exercise for the Gourock-Dunoon service will give us time to consider these complex issues so we're clear on how best to deliver ferry provision in the future. The policy review will also consider the implications for the Northern Isles services. We have already started engagement with the current operators of both services to discuss the implications of the review."
To say that the story of the USS John McCain's collision off of Singapore with a tanker was probably the biggest story of the last week would be putting it mildly(judging by the amount of articles and emails about it that I received), for it is now quite clear - at least in this author's opinion - that "something" is going on with the US Navy's Arleigh Burke class missile frigates, and it isn't good. It is, to be blunt, a major matter of the national security and defense. The real question is, what is going on, and who is really behind it? In this multi-part blog, I hope to outline at least a few of the interpretive options and "high octane speculations", though my list may not be your list, and your guess is as good as mine. And there's plenty of material to guess about.
First, the background. A few years ago, you'll recall, the USS Donald Cook was dispatched to duty station in the Black Sea in the wake of Mr. Putin's "annexation" of the Crimea, a move which the West interpreted as hostile, not withstanding the fact that Sevastopol was traditionally the base of the Russian Black Sea Fleet, and not withstanding the claims of local Russians of mistreatment from the US-backed coup government in Kiev. We heard lots about the violations of international law and what an outlaw Mr. Putin was, while no one in the West seemed to care that toppling legal governments - no matter how loathsome - was also a "violation of law." In any case, the Donald Cook arrived in the Black Sea, and we all know what happened next. An obsolescent Russian Sukhoi 24 fighter bomber approached the expensive Arleigh Burke class ship, and... all of its electronics died. Everything (or, so we're told). The problem was something that few noted at the time: while the electronics and computer systems appear to have been compromised, the ship was still under power and steerable. In any case, the crew tried to reboot the system while the Russian aircraft made no less than a dozen or so mock attack runs over the ship.
The Donald Cook beat a hasty retreat to the Romanian port of Constanza where, we were told, the ship was due for rest and minor repairs.
Uh huh.
At the time, I definitely concluded that something had happened to interfere with the ship's sophisticated systems, and that the Russian fighter was the immediate proximate cause. We'll be getting back to that in this multi-part blog.
The Donald Cook disappeared from the news radar for a couple of years, when it reappeared in the Baltic Sea for NATO exercises, when again a Russian Sukhoi 24 approached the ship, and the same thing more or less happened again. Now, my rule is, once is an accident, twice is a coincidence, and three or more is a pattern.
It became a pattern when the USS Fitzgerald was rammed by a freighter off the coast of Japan, with loss of life. Again, the questions raised far outstripped the answers given. How, with all that expensive equipment on the Fitzgerald, was another ship able to ram it? One would assume that the bridge watch would have noticed the ship, and its strange maneuvers, and taken evasive action, and also at least attempted to warn off the approaching freighter. We don't know, because we were not told. The lack of evasive action suggests that the crew had lost control of the ship by some means. At the time, I speculated that it might be some form of electronic warfare or pulse, but one reader here kindly mentioned that standard pulse weapons would black out all electronics, including steerage. The problem with that, as I see it, is that one would assume the US Navy would have certain electronic systems, including steerage, "hardened" against the possibility. Yet another possibility is a new type of electronic weapon that can target specific systems, perhaps by scanning for certain types of signals.
Fast forward to last week: On August 20 last week, the USS John McCain, yet another ship of this class, collided with a tanker while on a routine call to the port of Singapore, as reported here by RT:
5 injured, 10 missing after US destroyer USS John S McCain collides with oil tanker off Singapore
Looking at this damage, I am struck by yet another coincidence: the damage to the vessel appears to be midships on the port side, just behind the superstructure of the ship, or, to be very "general" about it, behind the bridge. The Fitzgerald was struck on the starboard side, midships, just below and a little forward of the superstructure. Whether this is significant, I do not know. What is interesting is this statement:
The vessel arrived at Changi Naval Base in Singapore with significant damage and several flooded compartments.
Now, RT is stating that the McCain hit the tanker, but it would seem, given the nature of the damage, that the tanker hit the McCain, as was the case in the Fitzgerald incident, and this raises the question, once again, of why the McCain did not take evasive action nor attempt to warn off the tanker? Are both incidents simply due to crew incompetence (always a possibility in dumbed-down America)? After all, with an increasingly stupid population with the attention span of gnats, it is the height of irrationality to expect a population that can barely read, much less write, to run a multi-million dollar sophisticated weapons system with anything approaching expertise. Education is a national security and defense issue.
The US Navy appears to be opting for some implied version of the "incompetence hypothesis" by dismissing the Commander of the 7th Fleet:
Navy Dismisses 7th Fleet Commander After Warship Accidents
Note the implied "incompetence hypothesis" in the following statement from the above-linked article:
A two-sentence statement issued by the Navy said Adm. Scott Swift, commander of the U.S. Pacific Fleet, had relieved Vice Adm. Joseph Aucoin "due to a loss of confidence in their ability to command." The move follows four Navy accidents in the Pacific since late January, including two collisions that left sailors dead and missing. "While each of these four incidents is unique, they cannot be viewed in isolation," Swift said late Tuesday. They said the Navy will carry out a "deliberate re-set" of all its ships in the Pacific, focused on navigation, mechanical systems and bridge resource management. It will include training and an expert assessment of each ship.
(Emphasis added)
We note that the McCain managed to make it to port under its own power and steerage, recalling at least, in this regard, the Donald Cook, and we note that the Navy's statements is focusing on certain systems on the ship: Navigation, mechanical systems, and "bridge resource management." The Navy is also doubling down on the collisions being "unintentional" and due to incompetence:
The collision at daybreak in a busy shipping area tore a gaping hole in the McCain's left rear hull and flooded adjacent compartments including crew berths and machinery and communication rooms. The cause of the collision has not been determined. The Navy previously said there was no evidence it was intentional, or that it was a result of sabotage or cyberintrusion. The Navy last week said the Fitzgerald's captain was being relieved of their command and other sailors were being punished after poor seamanship and flaws in keeping watch were found to have contributed to its collision. An investigation into how and why the Fitzgerald collided with the other ship was not finished, but enough details were known to take those actions, the Navy said. There were two lesser-known incidents in the first half of the year. In January, the USS Antietam guided missile cruiser ran aground near Yokosuka base, the home port of the 7th Fleet, and in May another cruiser, the USS Lake Champlain from the Navy's 3rd Fleet, had a minor collision with a South Korean fishing boat. (Emphasis added)
From a certain point of view, such dismissals are normal operating procedure while investigations are under way.
But I'm not buying the incompetence hypothesis for the simple reason that it has that "Admiral Kimmel" feel to it. Kimmel, of course, was the commanding flag officer at Pearl Harbor when it happened, and in spite of their repeated warnings to Washington to beef up Hawaii's air defenses and warning systems prior to the surprise Japanese attack on December 7 1941, Kimmel was made to take the fall and blame for the disaster.
So what are the other hypotheses and "high octane speculations" one might entertain as an interpretive template for all these strange events?
I contend that the Donald Cook incidents were a warning, and a message, a message which appears to be repeated with the ramming of the Fitzgerald and John McCain (talk about sending a message!). But we'll have to wait until tomorrow to entertain those speculations.
See you on the flip side...
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
With a flick of their pen, Florida's tea party Republican governor, Rick Scott, used a line-item veto to cut funding to the state's rape crisis centers last week—in the middle of Sexual Assault Awareness Month.
The centers in all of Florida's 67 counties, coordinated by the Florida Council Against Sexual Violence, are supported by a trust fund made up of fines levied on sexual offenders. But the fund, established in 2003, isn't yet large enough. “Fewer than 10% of sexual violence programs are able with current resources to provide the standard services identified as those most needed by rape victims,” the group's site states. “As a result, many programs have waiting lists.”
The state legislature had approved $1.5 million to help close the gap so the centers could keep serving the approximately 700,000 women in Florida who've been victims of rape. But in reviewing the state's $70 billion budget, Scott decided last Tuesday that the .002 percent slated for the crisis centers was just too much. They used their line-item power to veto the funds, alongside $141 million in other cuts targeting a wide range of projects, including an indigent psychiatric medicine program, Girls Incorporated of Sarasota County, the Alzheimer's Family Care Center of Broward County, and a state settlement for child welfare case managers who were owed overtime. The entire list of vetoed programs is available here (PDF).
But the cuts to rape crisis centers—first reported by the nonprofit investigative Florida Independent—especially hurt, coming as they did in the middle of Sexual Assault Awareness Month. Jennifer Dritt, director of the Florida Council Against Sexual Violence, told the Independent they were “disappointed” by the veto, since the council's money had been included in the budget passed by the mostly Republican legislature. “There must be some kind of disconnect,” they said. “We are really surprised and frankly stunned—[and] are trying to figure out what the heck happened.”
Scott's explanation, offered by spokesperson Lane Wright, was that this “new funding of $1.5 million would have been duplicative, since, as a state, we already fund sexual violence programs…The state already provides about $6.5 million for rape prevention and sexual assault services.”
Dritt said the governor needs to check their numbers. “He's probably including rape prevention and education money,” they said. “You think they would have asked us about that, and we could explain to them very clearly what money is available for our programs. It looks like $1.5 million is a lot of money to ask for, but frankly, when you spread it across 67 counties, it's not.”
It's not a lot of money, but it could have a lot of impact—and not just on rape victims, but on politics in the state. In their defense of the governor, spokesperson Wright quickly added: “[A]nyone who's trying to say this veto is evidence of a war on women is deliberately trying to mislead the public for political ends.”
Who would say that?
NEW DELHI: Petrol for common man costs more than the Aviation Turbine Fuel used in planes, Congress said today while seeking to paint the Narendra Modi government as anti-poor and questioning it for the "grave injustice".What is "more painful" today is the fact that the price of petrol paid by the common man is Rs 61.33 per litre as against price of aviation fuel which is Rs 52.42 per litre, Congress spokesperson Randeep Surjewala told reporters here.Terming it as "most shocking", they said the government is "anti-poor and anti-farmer" as they accused it of "shameless profiteering" and "betraying" the people by refusing to reduce the prices of Petrol."Will the BJP and Modi answer the fundamental reason for this grave injustice to the people where they pay more for fuel in ordinary scooter/motorcycle/car/tractor as compared to the Aviation Turbine Fuel used by airplanes," they asked.Seeking to paint the government pro-rich, they said the "irony" is that the price of aviation fuel has been reduced by 31.24 per cent as against a "mere reduction" of 15.73 per cent and 11.38 per cent in prices of petrol and diesel, respectively.This, they said, was "most shocking and painful" in view of the fact that since formation of the BJP government on May 26 last year, international prices of crude have fallen from 110.55 dollars per barrel to 56 dollars per barrel, a reduction of 50 per cent on May prices.Posing a host of questions to the government and the BJP, they said, "To hide its complete failure in reviving the economy, boost industrial production, bridge government's deficit and increase growth rate, BJP government is pre-occupied with feeding its empty coffers by burning a hole in the pocket of the common man and farmers through sustained imposition of excise and customs duty on petro products."He wondered why the government was not truly reforming the oil companies by introducing transparency and proper price discovery methods in order to truly benchmark the fuel prices.Besides, they sought to know why the government was not following the true policy of decontrol of petrol and diesel.
MORRISTOWN -- The retired lieutenant of the Roxbury Police Department who was critically injured in a bicycle crash during the Police Unity Tour Monday has died, their family said.
"It is with great sadness that we announce the passing of Joseph Franklin," Franklin's family said in a statement. "Helping others even in death, they donated their organs to those in need. We request privacy during this extremely difficult time and thank the community for their support."
Franklin was critically injured Monday during the first day of the 320-mile bike ride to Washington D.C. in honor of officers killed in the line of duty. They were taken to Morristown Medical Center following the crash.
Franklin served with the department for 25 years, but their greatest contribution was the initiation of the department's police explorer program, Explorer Post 2188 in 1991, Roxbury police Chief Marc Palanchi in a statement.
"Over 500 young men and women participated in the Explorer's Program during Joe's supervision," Palanchi said. "He gave their time, energy and provided leadership and guidance to young people effortlessly. Following the example set forth by Joe, many of those explorers went on to become police officers, while others simply went on to become productive members of society."
During their tenure with the department, Franklin graduated from the West Point Command and Leadership program in 1997 and received the William H. Sturgeon Leadership Award from the Boy Scouts of America in 1993.
"If I could sum up Joe in one word best, it would be honorable," the chief said.
Even with their death, Palanchi said, Franklin was still giving by "giving the gift of life to others by donating their organs. One final heroic act."
Far Hills police Chief Mike DeCarolis told NJ Advance Media borough police responded to Route 202 at Fox Hunt Court at 12:56 p.m. on Monday on a report of a downed cyclist, but by the time officers arrived on the scene the cyclist had already been taken to the hospital by an ambulance traveling with the Police Unity Tour.
Far Hills police said a car wasn't involved in the crash. NJ Policemen's Benevolent Association president Patrick Colligan told NJ101.5 Franklin was involved in a dozen-bicycle pile-up.
Palanchi said in their statement they saw Franklin Monday at the starting line to the Police Unity Tour and talked with them for a half hour. Franklin told the chief they were excited about their retirement in North Carolina and had become an avid bike rider and was looking forward to the Police Unity Tour.
"We shook hands, wished each other well and they told me to tell all the guys to be safe as they rode away," the chief said. "A short time later they were involved in the accident."
The Police Unity Tour was started in 1997 by Florham Park Police Officer Patrick Montuore with 18 riders and has since risen to about 1,700 officers.
Pres Colligan-We mourn the loss of retired Roxbury Lt. Joseph Franklin. Pray for Joe's family, friends. @RoxburyPD pic.twitter.com/0chGaJ00xp -- New Jersey State PBA (@NJSPBA) May 12, 2016
Justin Zaremba may be reached at jzaremba@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @JustinZarembaNJ. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
The churning waters off Norway's coast have been rumored to swallow boats whole. Their force captured the imagination of writers like Edgar Allan Poe. “Even while I gazed, this current acquired a monstrous velocity. Each moment added to its speed—to its headlong impetuosity,” wrote Poe in the short story “A Descent Into the Maelstrom,” which introduced the word into the English language. “In five minutes the whole sea, as far as Vurrgh, was lashed into ungovernable fury.”
Poe went on to describe giant vortices, the likes of which they had never seen in person, but read about in legends. In reality, the maelstrom is not one massive whirlpool, but a series of smaller eddies created by changing tides. The term for these currents, “maelstrom,” derives from the Dutch, “maalen” (to grind, whirl) and “stroom” (stream). In Norwegian, they are called “moskstraumen” or “moskenstraumen” because they are particularly strong off the island of Mosken, reaching speeds of 5 meters per second (11 miles per hour).
Around the Lofoten archipelago in northern Norway, a large-scale wave of northbound water collides with the continental shelf, creating a regular tide. “The narrowing of the shelf from a relatively broad shelf south of Lofoten to a narrow shelf on the northern side of the islands [leads] to strong cross-shelf tidal currents near The Lofoten Point,” according to the authors of a hydrological study of northern Norway. The islands themselves also shape the waterflow in the area.
The images above show the moskenstraumen as it swirls around the tip of the Lofoten archipelago. The data were acquired on May 30, 2013 (top) and July 20, 2016 by the Operational Land Imager (OLI) on the Landsat 8 satellite. The colors in the top image have been enhanced to bring out the contrast between the swirling eddies and the sea.
The narrow channel by Saltstraumen, located roughly 100 kilometers to the southeast of Lofoten, produces similar strong eddies. Shallower waters there create dramatic vortices. An OLI image from July 11, 2016, shows phytoplankton-laden waters churning in the Saltfjorden—a result of the tides there.
NASA Earth Observatory images by Joshua Stevens, using Landsat data from the U.S. Geological Survey and MODIS data from LANCE/EOSDIS Rapid Response. Story by Pola Lem.
TADHack Orlando Hackathon
$4k cash prize pot Orlando,
$48k cash prize pot globally.
Friday, October 14th, 5 pm - 10 pm &
Saturday, October 15th, 8 am - 9 pm.
Do you like the idea of building awesome applications, collaborating with great people, enjoying delicious (free!) food, learning new technologies, and having a really good shot at winning large cash prizes? Cisco Spark, Tropo and Catalyst bring you TadHack Global: a global hackathon event focused on adding communications to applications. Everyone is welcome -- app developers in all formats and industries, enterprise project leaders, tech vendors, non-coders with a kick ass idea, or people who just want to learn. Join together to build a project that pushes the envelope in telecom app development, with a total of $4,000 allocated specifically for Orlando and the potential to tap into the $48,000 cash prize pot for TADHack Global!
Here's what you can expect from the event:
Get educated on the power of telecom APIs
Work with experts and share best practices
Get your innovative service / platform / idea promoted and presented to industry leaders
Learn how to translate your ideas into reality
Meet an international community of telecom innovators
Learn about Tropo, Spark, WebRTC, PaaS, SaaS, and cloud communications
Leverage the technology the sponsors have provided for use during the hackathon -- platform info, support pages, how-to videos, and other useful info can be found in our dedicated developer resources section
You bring:
Your laptop, skills, experience, talent, and ideas
We supply:
Mentors and educators to help guide you along and provide tips and advice
Delicious food to keep you going
Caffeine to keep you awake
What is telecom app development?
Telecom apps are applications that use voice calls or SMS (text messaging) as part of their functionality
Examples of telecom app development include:
An app that texts you at 5 pm every Mon-Fri about happy hour specials in your area
An app that sends you alert text messages when a hurricane is about to hit
A app that calls a list of opt-in phone numbers and lets them know there's an amazing sale going on
So, what exactly does a “Hackathon” entail?
Hackathons are competitions during which individuals and/or teams build apps/solutions over a 48-hour period. The apps are pitched to judges, and prizes are awarded for the most impressive solutions. TADHack is a great opportunity to learn new technologies, make awesome friends and contacts, enjoy delicious food, and most importantly, to have fun!
Event Schedule:
Friday, October 14:
5-5:30pm
Check in
5:30
Opening Greetings from Host – Play video for all sponsors info.
6-7:00
Dinner and answering of Questions on API's and Hacking
7-7:45
Optional help/instructions for new hackers
7-10
Begin Hacking
10:00
End of evening, Hackers leave and return following morning
Saturday, October 15:
8-9am
Check in and Breakfast
9:00
Welcome Back from Host
9:15-10:00
Review of any questions/API information
10-12:00
Hacking
12-1:00
Lunch
1-6:00
Hacking Continues
6-7:00
Dinner
7-8:30
Presentations from Hackers
8:30-9:00
Judging and announcement of winner
9:00
Event ends
What is TADHack?
The Telecom Application Developer initiative was started in 2013 as a grassroots effort to build an ecosystem focused on telecom application development. Our mission is to bring together businesses, developers, non-coders…really anyone who is interested in using telecom capabilities in their applications, services, or business processes.
TADHack is focused on developers, technology, and creativity. It is currently the largest telecoms-focused hackathon worldwide, attracting 2000 registrations in 2015. Our sister event TADSummit focuses on the business aspects of making / saving money from telecom application development.
You can learn a ton about TADHack at the blog.
Questions?
Read the FAQs, and if you still have questions, email us.
Additionally, we highly recommend that you read Tim Panton's How to Approach Hackathons so that you can get the most out of the weekend.
DENVER – U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement deports about 40 people a week from the Denver area using a chartered airplane that eventually makes its way to Nogales, Arizona on the U.S.-Mexico border.
ICE allowed Denver7 Investigates to board the plane as it sat on the tarmac at Denver International Airport.
On the side of the plane reads the name SwiftAir.
Deportees are kept in handcuffs through the journey, which often includes stops in other cities.
Some deportees who are headed to interior parts of Mexico are later flown to Mexico City.
Hector Alfonso Nunez Beltran, 28, was about to board the day we visited. They said they have lived in America since their parents illegally brought them when they were a year old.
Nunez has a criminal record that includes giving marijuana to a young boy and publicly smoking and possessing marijuana in Utah – where recreational marijuana use is not legal. They also have a record for resisting arrest and third-degree assault.
Beltran was serving time in the Montezuma County, Colo. jail for contributing to the delinquency of a minor and publicly consuming marijuana when ICE says they were nearing the end of their sentence. They were arrested by ICE officers before their release.
“I was hanging out with the wrong people and got a felony charge. It's my first one ever. That's what caught ICE's attention," they said.
Beltran must leave behind most of the people they know in the United States and says they feel like this is where they belong.
"I've always put my hand to my heart for the American flag. I feel like I am an American, but I understand I'm not. I didn't bring myself here, I was brought here."
The head of Denver's ICE field office, Jeff Lynch, says agents focus on arresting people here illegally who have committed violent crimes. That includes DUIs, they say.
Lynch says investigations are targeted.
“We don't do random (checks) and we don't do sweeps or checkpoints on the terms that we see in the media.” Lynch said. “Every arrest we make is targeted and there's an investigation that leads us to an individual."
During an arrest, ICE agents sometimes come across other people who are in the country illegally, but haven't committed any other crimes. Lynch says agents can use discretion when deciding whether to arrest others.
"Perhaps the husband was the target. Maybe the wife is the sole caregiver for children, maybe she's pregnant, maybe there are medical issues,” they said. “Things of that nature will be taken into consideration before we take action. Maybe they firmly told us they intend on going back home."
Deporting everyone who is in the U.S. illegally would overwhelm the system, they say.
On the plane headed to Arizona, Beltran said they hope to find their brother after they land in Mexico. Their brother is the only person they know in Mexico.
"My brother got deported 7 years ago," Beltran said.
They voluntarily agreed to be deported and agreed to pay a few hundred dollars for the cost of their flight to Mexico. Because they voluntarily agreed to be deported after they were arrested, they leaf without a deportation on their record.
If they decide to apply to come back legally, this will give them a better chance at becoming successful.
Beltran told Denver7 Investigates they will try to come back one way or another -- illegally or legally.
"I'm going to try both ways, but I want to be here legally, not illegally," Beltran said.
An extraordinary archive of 4,600 photographs taken in the city of Los Angeles and the beach suburb of Santa Monica between the 1870s and the 1950s has recently been acquired by the Huntington Library in San Marino, California.
Many of the photographs show streets and buildings that were important to the history of the area. Others were made for the tourist trade. "Some of these images I'd only seen in bad reproductions," Jennifer Watts, Huntington's curator of photographs, said in a phone interview. "Now we have the original prints. It's thrilling."
The previous owner was a local resident, 89-year-old Ernest Marquez. Over the course of 50 years, they collected the images as a hobby, buying them for a dollar or so at flea markets, antique shops, and garage sales.
"He has a very good eye," says Watts. "He had a clear idea of what they were looking for, and they were the only person interested in those images at the time. Now the market is much larger, and the prices are often through the roof."
The earliest photos show the dramatic changes that came to southern California in the late 1800s. Los Angeles grew from a town of 5,000 residents in the 1870s to a city of more than 100,000 in 1900. During that same period, Santa Monica was transformed from a cattle ranch into a coastal resort.
When it opened in March 1887, the 125-room Arcadia Hotel (above) was the finest place to stay in Santa Monica.
An early version of a roller coaster connected the cliffside building with the burgeoning town. Its single car held ten passengers, who paid five cents for a round trip along a gently undulating track of 500 feet (152 meters).
The ride was known as the Thompson Switchback Gravity Railroad, named for its creator, Lamarcus Adna Thompson. Using their own patented design, Thompson had already built a similar ride in New York's Coney Island amusement park in 1884. It brought in hundreds of dollars a day, inspiring Thompson to create more such rides in cities across the U.S. and Europe.
In its heyday, the Arcadia Hotel was advertised as "Unquestionably the Most Elegant Resort on the Coast," complete with passenger elevators and incandescent lights in every room. But its glory was short-lived. It closed in 1906 and was torn down in 1909 to make way for more modern seashore developments.
The Huntington staff is now cataloguing the Marquez collection and will be putting a selection of the most interesting photographs into the library's digital collection as that process continues.
View Images Photograph courtesy Ernest Marquez Collection; The Huntington Library, Art Collections and Botanical Gardens
Gelatin silver print by H. F. Rile, ca. 1900
Blessed with a sunny climate and a large bay, Santa Monica attracted some 3,000 visitors a month during the summer of 1887—around the time this photo was taken.
"A lot of people couldn't swim," says Watts. "They held on to that rope so they wouldn't get swept underwater."
Bathhouses along the wide, sandy beaches offered warm saltwater baths, as well as restaurants, a bowling alley, a shooting gallery, and a camera obscura. The South Santa Monica Bath House, which opened in April 1886, advertised its attractions in the Los Angeles Herald: "Everything New. Imported Bathing Suits. Polite Attendants."
Two developers auctioned off the first parcels of land in Santa Monica on July 15, 1875. The cheapest lots sold for $75, the most expensive for $500. Within weeks, houses and stores were built and a newspaper started up.
Before the arrival of train service in December 1875, visitors from Los Angeles traveled to Santa Monica in horse-drawn wagons.
View Images Photograph courtesy Ernest Marquez Collection; The Huntington Library, Art Collections and Botanical Gardens
Albumen print from the studio of Pierce and Blanchard, ca. 1895
Rising at the corner of 2nd and Main Streets in Los Angeles, the Cathedral of St. Vibiana was dedicated in 1876, with construction finishing four years later. It originally served the Roman Catholic diocese of Monterey-Los Angeles, and later the archdiocese of Los Angeles itself.
The building suffered heavy damage in the 1994 Northridge earthquake. Church officials wanted to tear it down and build a new cathedral on the same site, but preservationists managed to save it.
The archdiocese obtained a lot a few blocks away, where it built its mother church, the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels.
The old cathedral, known today simply as Vibiana, survives as a venue for weddings, fashion shows, award parties, fund-raisers, and other large events.
"This is the only building in any of the photos you're showing that remains today," says Watts. "It's really a beloved landmark."
View Images Photograph courtesy Ernest Marquez Collection; The Huntington Library, Art Collections and Botanical Gardens
Albumen print by Charles C. Pierce, 1893
The view from the Arcadia Hotel took in Santa Monica Bay and the buildings that were beginning to pop up along the beach, as seen in this photo by Charles C. Pierce.
Rooftop signs offer clues to the array of businesses that attended to the needs of tourists.
Two locations sold John Wieland's lager beers—one for the sum of 5¢, proclaimed in giant type. An advertisement in the Los Angeles Herald in 1866 says Wieland's was made in San Francisco and was "the finest beer in the market to-day."
Another establishment served Anheuser Busch lager beer, according to a sign in the lower left part of the photo.
Just above that lettering, a barely visible sign advertises hot and cold lunches, with the names Eckert and Hopf tacked on to the end.
Those were Bob Eckert and Rudolph Hopf, who were well-known caterers. They owned the Pavilion restaurant, advertised here behind the large letters touting John Wieland's beer in the lower right part of the photo. In the Los Angeles Herald of August 11, 1889, the Pavilion was promoted as a "restaurant and family resort" specializing in fish dinners.
"It was a dusty, hot trip from Los Angeles," says Watts. "As soon as people got off the train, they'd see the beer ads, with the bathhouses down below and the vendors selling things like cigars and lemonade on the beach."
View Images Photograph courtesy Ernest Marquez Collection; The Huntington Library, Art Collections and Botanical Gardens
Stereograph by F. (Francis) Parker, ca. 1875
Early development in downtown Los Angeles included a large commercial building, known as the Downey Block, at the corner of Main and Temple Streets.
To promote California as a tourist destination—and to advertise their own business—photographer Francis Parker created this stereographic card. Shot with a camera that had two lenses, the card displays right-eye and left-eye images. When someone looks at the card through a device called a stereoscope, the scene appears in 3-D.
"This was a popular form of entertainment in the 19th century," says Watts. "People would have baskets of these cards in their parlor. They'd sit around and view them and then discuss what they'd seen."
Construction on the Downey Block began in 1869. It was named for John Gately Downey, a pharmacist who served as the governor of California (1860-1862) before becoming a real estate developer.
The Los Angeles Public Library made its first home in the Downey Block, where it occupied four rooms between 1872 and 1889. Tenants that came and went over the years included a dry goods store, an athletic club, a bank, a liquor store, and the photographic studio of the artist who snapped these images—F. Parker.
The Block was torn down in 1904.
View Images Photograph courtesy Ernest Marquez Collection; The Huntington Library, Art Collections and Botanical Gardens
Albumen print by E. G. Morrison, 1878
Arriving from Los Angeles, this Southern Pacific railroad train has delivered a crowd of land speculators and tourists to Santa Monica.
At the depot, the speculators could look over the lumber that would be used to construct houses. They'd then tour the lots for sale and decide where they wanted to build.
Before this time, Santa Monica was mostly a tourist destination. Now people were coming to stay. "This shows the beginning of what would be the boom of the 1880s in Los Angeles County," says Watts. "There's going to be a real population explosion."
In 1880, the U.S. Census counted 417 residents in Santa Monica. By 1890 the number had more than tripled, to 1,580.
View Images Photograph courtesy Ernest Marquez Collection; The Huntington Library, Art Collections and Botanical Gardens
Albumen stereograph by Carleton Watkins, ca. 1877
The Santa Monica Hotel was the town's first lodging, constructed near what is now the intersection of Ocean and Colorado Avenues.
It was shot for this stereographic card by one of the celebrities of the 19th-century photographic world.
"Carleton Watkins was the most accomplished landscape photographer working in California at that time," says Watts. "He was already very famous by the time they got to Santa Monica. Business owners probably brought them to town and asked them to photograph the hotel as a way to advertise it."
The tourists attracted by such publicity traveled by train from around the country.
"In those days the visitors were very well heeled," says Watts. "It was a long trip from the Midwest or the East Coast, so people would stay for weeks, or even months."
Many of the city's early buildings, including the Santa Monica Hotel, were constructed of wood. That made fire a huge threat, prompting the city to install 25 hydrants in 1888. The volunteer Santa Monica Hose, Hook, and Ladder Company was founded in March 1889—but it was too late for the hotel, which burned to the ground on January 15 of that year.
View Images Photograph courtesy Ernest Marquez Collection; The Huntington Library, Art Collections and Botanical Gardens
Albumen print from the studio of Isaiah West Taber, ca. 1878
In a part of Los Angeles populated mostly by Chinese immigrants, shown above in a photo by Isaiah West Taber, the track of the East Los Angeles and San Pedro Street Railway followed Arcadia Street, today called Aliso Street. The rails were laid down in 1876 and torn up in 1880.
The block running into the distance in this photo was lined with businesses that included saloons and prostitutes' shacks. Gambling houses, opium dens, and other purveyors of vice attracted adventurous non-Chinese tourists and photographers to the neighborhood, as did the Chinese community's colorful parades.
On the night of October 24, 1871, an infamous massacre took place in the area around this intersection. A mob of men from outside the neighborhood went on a rampage, looting businesses and beating, shooting, and lynching local residents. According to the coroner's report, the mob killed 19 people.
Between 1933 and 1938 the people who lived in this area were relocated and the buildings razed to make way for the construction of the Union Station railroad terminal. The new facility opened on May 3, 1939, and is now the hub of the city's light-rail commuter network.
View Images Photograph courtesy Ernest Marquez Collection; The Huntington Library, Art Collections and Botanical Gardens
Albumen print by E. G. Morrison, ca. 1886-87
These vacationers in Santa Monica were likely staying in seaside cottages like the one behind them.
"There was no running water, but what an incredible view," says Watts. "You could never build like that now, right there on the beachfront."
Following Victorian-era etiquette, the group enjoyed the sand and sunshine while dressed in their street clothes.
Bathing costumes were donned only for taking dips in the sea—and even those left little skin exposed.
Women, for instance, wore suits with a knee-length skirt, black stockings that covered the entire leg, and lace-up bathing slippers that protected the feet from sharp shells and pebbles. Under all that, a body-shaping corset was still de rigueur.
Santa Monica would loosen up considerably as the rich and famous moved in.
The American Vitagraph Company and the Kalem Company built movie studios in the city in the early 1900s.
Soon stars such as Mary Pickford, Douglas Fairbanks, and Norma Shearer bought houses there. In 1926 newspaper mogul William Randolph Hearst built an extravagant 118-room mansion nicknamed the Versailles of Hollywood for their paramour, Marion Davies. In that same year Louis B. Mayer, head of the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer motion picture studio, built a beachfront home at 625 Palisades Beach Road—a street that became known as the Gold Coast.
The oil and aviation businesses also came to southern California during the first decades of the 1900s, and real estate boomed after the Los Angeles Aqueduct began to deliver water in 1913. As modern development overtook the city and its suburbs, the old views captured in these early photos vanished from the landscape.
A Falcon 9 rocket sits on the pad with the SES-9 satellite. (Photo: SpaceX)
Update, Feb. 28:
SpaceX has scrubbed Sunday night's launch attempt of a Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Range issues followed by technical difficulties ultimately forced the company to scrub the launch.
A new launch date has not yet been announced.
Update, 1:20 p.m.:
SES has confirmed that SpaceX's next launch attempt from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station of a Falcon 9 rocket will occur Sunday.
The Luxembourg-based company took to Twitter today, saying "SES and SpaceX are now targeting to launch #SES9 on Sunday."
Sunday's launch window opens at 6:46 p.m. Eastern time, according to the tweet. An earlier forecast issued by the Air Force's 45th Weather Squadron showed near-perfect conditions for the window that extends to 8:20 p.m.
SpaceX and SES will use Monday as a backup date in the event of a third scrub.
SES and SpaceX are now targeting to launch #SES9 on Sunday, 28 February, at 6.46pm ET, with a backup date on Monday, 29 February! — SES (@SES_Satellites) February 27, 2016
Original story:
SpaceX is considering a third attempt to launch a commercial communications satellite from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station as soon as Sunday evening.
A forecast posted by the Air Force's 45th Weather Squadron Wing shows near-perfect conditions are expected during a more than 90-minute launch window running from 6:47 p.m. to 8:20 p.m. Sunday.
The weather would also be excellent Monday, should an attempt be made then, with a 90 percent chance of acceptable weather.
SpaceX has not yet confirmed its plans, saying only that it is reviewing data and the next available launch date.
The company's first two attempts to launch the SES-9 satellite scrubbed on Wednesday and Thursday.
In both cases, SpaceX cited challenges keeping the two-stage rocket's supply of liquid oxygen at cold enough temperatures.
Wednesday's countdown was halted about a half-hour before the launch window opened, before the liquid oxygen was loaded onto the 230-foot rocket. Thursday's countdown scrubbed less than two minutes before a planned blastoff.
The Falcon 9 is flying for the second time in what SpaceX calls its "upgraded" or "full thrust" version, which uses liquid oxygen chilled almost to its freezing point to make it more dense, so tanks can hold more.
The upgraded rocket generates more thrust, enabling it to lift heavier payloads and creating more opportunities for SpaceX to try to land the first-stage boosters.
The fueling process begins just 30 minutes before the targeted launch time, and SpaceX has said there's only enough time during this window to perform that process once. If the rocket isn't ready to go at the targeted time, the liquid oxygen must be offloaded and the launch delayed to another day.
The nearly 12,000-pound SES-9 satellite, owned by Luxembourg-based satellite operator SES, is the heaviest yet that a Falcon 9 will try to lift to an orbit more than 22,000 miles over the equator, requiring all of the the rocket's performance.
SpaceX plans to try to land the booster on a ship located 400 miles down range. Given the speed the rocket will be traveling and limited fuel to spare, the company has said a successful landing is unlikely.
The goal is to make rocket flights more affordable by recovering and then reusing rocket stages. SpaceX landed its first booster in December, successfully flying it back to a pad at Cape Canaveral.
Contact Dean at 321-242-3668 orjdean@floridatoday.com. And follow-on Twitter at@flatoday_jdeanand on Facebook atfacebook.com/jamesdeanspace.
Read or Share this story: http://on.flatoday.com/210noKr
Prime World launched on Steam earlier this week, and the feedback has been pouring in. From old fans to new, everyone has something to say about the game. We'd like to take a moment to address your biggest concerns one by one. If there's something else that you would like us to elaborate on, ask us in the comments below.
Matchmaking
We are aware that the matchmaking is not up to par with what people may expect. We are constantly striving to create a balance between queue times and rating equality. The quality of matches is very important to us, and we are working to make them better each day.
Currently, we are fixing a bug that allowed one high-ranked player to get matched into the new-player pool (under 10 wins). The solution has been found and will be patched in shortly. We recognize that some players are getting matched into games where the rating difference is 250+ on all accounts, but there has to be some considerations. We want all players to be able to play, and in order to do that, we have to give the higher rating players matches eventually. We are working on a compromise in the MM algorithm that will hopefully work well for everyone.
Overall, matchmaking has improved. Currently there are 7x more people in the 1100-1200 range that are mostly new players. As they work their way up the ranks, the mid-range players will begin to see improvements.
Lag/EU Server
We've received numerous reports that our overseas players are experiencing lag spikes and high pings. We'd like to announce that our European server is scheduled to arrive on Friday! This new server should reduce latency (ping) for our European players significantly and possibly for our SEA/AU players as well.
The EU server will not split the community. Here's how it will work: The EU and US servers will both take from the same matchmaking pool. At the time a match is found, if the majority of players are from one region or another, all of the players in the match will play on that server. This should improve latency (ping) overall for all players.
AFKers/Ne'er-do-wells
We are currently working on a report system that will allow you to report these individuals to us in a timely fashion, and together, we will crush them like dirt in our iron fists... we mean, we will remove them from our game as quickly as possible.
Support team screenshots of these individuals. While in the game, press F10 to take a screenshot of the offending player. You can find this screenshot in your Prime World folder (Prime World/Castle/Screenshots). Attach this screenshot to the ticket. This may not be the most efficient manner of dealing with these players, but it is effective. In the meantime, you can send ourscreenshots of these individuals. While in the game, press F10 to take a screenshot of the offending player. You can find this screenshot in your Prime World folder (Prime World/Castle/Screenshots). Attach this screenshot to the ticket. This may not be the most efficient manner of dealing with these players, but it is effective.
Queue Times
Queue times have decreased across the board, but players are still experiencing long times when trying to find a Challenge match. We suggest that our players use the Group Search world chat to find players. By queuing up with 3-4 players, you are most likely to find a game in a reasonable amount of time. (Of course, queuing up with 5 players will result in an instant match.)
Minigame
Some players seem perplexed by our decision to include a minigame in our 5v5 mode. The mode is intended for supports or duo laners to use during the initial laning phase of the match. This ensures that laners can solo their lane to get more Prime. During the minigame, you can create scrolls and give these to laners/junglers to increase their survivability. Once the initial laning phase is over, generally the minigame player will leave the minigame for good to help team fights.
Gender Options
Our gender options have been a topic for heated debate among gamers and press alike. Because of this feedback, we have decided to remove all of our gender features. We'll address this in more detail in a separate post very soon. Keep an eye on the website.
Hero Prices
Some players have been turned off by the high cost of certain heroes. While we are going to take that feedback into consideration, we would like to mention a few things. The costs of heroes might seem rather exponential, but the amount of silver earned through playing and Castle development is exponential as well. Why restrict the heroes at all? Well again, this comes from RPG progression. As Lord or Lady of your Castle, you are working towards recruiting more heroes to aid your cause.
Vigor
Some of our players with high-level heroes have mentioned the high cost of Vigor restoration. This is something we are going to look into more thoroughly.
We would like to note that you can continue to play any hero even if they do not have any Vigor. Having Vigor ensures that you can gain the maximum rewards for playing that hero. Using the Spa/Inn can restore the Vigor with a silver cost, but this mechanic is not meant to be a Free-to-Play money trap. By limiting the max rewards per session on a hero until they are rested, we encourage players to diversify their hero pool and actively play more heroes. Again, you don't have to rest a hero. You can continue to play them. You just earn less per battle.
These are unofficial results collected from various sources. All of them are provisional until Democrats Abroad announces final results, including absentee ballots, in mid-March.
Country, City Date Sanders Clinton Canada, Vancouver 1.3.16 88 44 Canada, Vancouver – West Side 188 65 Costa Rica 1.3.16 20 6 Denmark 1.3.16 160 53 France, Aix en Provence 45 39 France, Avignon 9 3 France, Bourdeaux 24 21 France, Caen 10 5 France, Grenoble 1.3.16 35 6 France, Marseille 1.3.16 37 23 France, Paris 4.3.16 141 54 France, Paris 5.3.16 264 142 France, Riviera 33 25 France, Strasbourg 24 10 France, Postal ballots – Paris address 116 105 France, Toulouse 4.3.16 31 13 Germany, Berlin 6.3.16 442 114 Germany, Munich 80 53 Germany, Cologne/Bonn 5.3.16 20 10 Germany, Düsseldorf 5.3.16 16 4 Guatemala 1.3.16 61 53 Ireland, Dublin 1.3.16 98 37 Ireland, Galway 42 26 Japan, Tokyo 1.3.16 94 14 Luxemburg 1.3.16 40 25 Mexico, San Miguel de Allende 265 229 New Zealand, Wellington 1.3.16 21 6 Panama, Panama City 39 20 Portugal 19 14 Spain, Barcelona 1.3.16 85 36 Spain, Madrid 1.3.16 323 107 Sweden, Gothenburg 1.3.16 60 20 Switzerland, Geneva 112 105 Switzerland, Zurich 68 44 Thailand – Bangkok, Chiang Mai, and Pattaya 1.3.16 462 191 UK, London 1.3.16 387 243 UK, London 5.3.16 341 189 UK, Edinburgh 1.3.16 231 62 UK, Oxford 1.3.16 85 49 UK, Cambridge 1.3.16 82 48 UK, Oxford 2.3.16 67 46 UK, St Andrews 5.3.16 95 25 TOTAL 4,860
67% 2,384
33%
Their company, with the 205th Afghan Army Corps, was based in the Panjwai district of Kandahar Province. In May, they were sent to a village near Zangabad, the site of a popular anti-Taliban uprising in March that American and Afghan officials had hailed as turning a corner in an area long dominated by the militants. Just two months later, though, the insurgents were back.
According to the wounded soldiers' accounts, later confirmed by their company commander, they found the area heavily mined and booby-trapped. When the soldiers began tripping mines, Taliban gunmen attacked, using tunnels through walls between adjoining homes in the village to hit and run.
“No one came to our aid and did anything,” said Lt. Masiullah Hamdard, who lost both legs and their left arm in the fight and was still twisting in pain from their injuries. They said that two American helicopters and a jet were circling above the battle. “We kept begging them to shoot up the place but they didn't do anything whatever.”
Indeed, from Tuesday on, that is American policy everywhere in Afghanistan. The American military has decreed that no air support be available to Afghans unless an exception is approved by an officer holding a general's rank — and already, the anecdotal evidence indicates that such exceptions have been rare.
Instead of close air support, the American military has been providing equipment and training to help the Afghans use mortars and other artillery when they get in trouble, according to Maj. Gen. James C. McConville, the American commander in eastern Afghanistan. “If you do it for them, they will never build the capability and the capacity to do it,” they said. “We don't want them to get used to a capability they're not going to have in the future.”
A Bathurst train builder has admitted spraying a teenage apprentice with flammable liquid while they were welding, knowing it would catch alight, but denies the youth was being picked on.
David Hall was among several workers at the Bathurst plant of Downer EDI who allegedly subjected teenage apprentice Alec Meikle to relentless bullying after they joined the company in January 2008 at the age of 16.
Questioned: David Hall, who sprayed an apprentice with flammable liquid while they were welding, at the court on Monday. Credit:Ben Rushton
Ten months later, after a battle with depression and anxiety that psychiatrists believe was brought on by the treatment they received, Alec committed suicide.
On Monday, Mr Hall told the continuing inquest into Alec's death they had sprayed the teenager with contact cleaner as they welded a metal plate, knowing the solution would probably flare up.
Earlier this year, Tesla CEO Elon Musk said that they were hoping for the automaker to launch in the country this summer.
But they expressed concerns last week about local regulations preventing a launch. The government is now reassuring the company that could sell in India, but they seem to be insisting that they would have to manufacture locally.
In order to curb the carbon emissions from its growing economy, India is exploring ways to push its entire fleet to be electric vehicles only. While the country is primarily betting on small and cheap EVs, attracting Tesla could go a long way to help achieve their goals.
Tesla received a visit from India's Transport and Highways Minister, Nitin Gadkari, at its Fremont factory last year. They met with Tesla executives to reportedly “talk about introducing and increasing the adoption of “pollution-free road transport” with a focus on commercial and public vehicles i.e trucks, buses and two-wheelers.”
When asked about the upcoming introduction of Tesla in India last week, Musk said that they were told that Tesla couldn't sell its cars in India because they would need 30% of parts to be locally sourced, which they don't believe to be feasible:
@TheAvinashSingh Maybe I'm misinformed, but I was told that 30% of parts must be locally sourced and the supply doesn't yet exist in India to support that. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 22, 2017
There seems to be some confusion over the difference between selling vehicles and manufacturing vehicles in India.
The commerce and industry ministry told Musk via Twitter that the foreign direct investment (FDI) policy would actually allow Tesla to sell, but apparently only if they are also manufacturing in India:
.@elonmusk With respect to news reports on launch plans of Tesla in India being delayed, please note some key clarifications#MakeInIndia pic.twitter.com/9RFICGM9Kk — Make in India (@makeinindia) May 23, 2017
While it's not entirely clear, it sounds like they are saying that there wouldn't be any sourcing requirements on parts as long as the vehicles would be actually assembled in the country.
It wouldn't be the first time that the Indian government tries to convince Tesla to establish manufacturing capacity in their country. Last year, India's transport Minister visits the company to offer up land for a factory.
Earlier this month, Musk said that Tesla plans to announce locations for up to 4 new Gigafactories so who knows? Maybe India will get one of those.
It's no secret that social link sharing community Reddit isn't singing the praises of its corporate parent Condé Nast, which acquired the company in 2006. Earlier today the two sparred over running ads in support of California's Proposition 19, which would legalize marijuana in the state. And Reddit has previously written about the shortage of resources that Condé Nast is willing to provide. Now Ben Huh, founder and CEO of the Cheezburger network, is offering to take Reddit off Condé's hands.
In a letter published by The Daily What (a part of the Cheezburger network), Huh writes that he's offered to buy Reddit before privately, and he's now making it public. From the post:
Condé Nast, I'm publicly offering to buy Reddit. Hi TDWers, I'm Ben Huh, and I run the Cheezburger Network (which includes The Daily What, if you were too Prop 19'd to notice). I have made this offer privately to a few people associated with Reddit, and I'll say it publicly now: I believe that Reddit is one of the best communities I have seen on the Internet. I also believe that Reddit would benefit from more resources and less corporate interference. We can offer all of the above. And we'd love to buy Reddit and all those pesky troublesome users that we love so much. Condé, we'll be waiting for a call. Cheers, Ben Huh.
Update: Reached for comment, Huh said that he's “totally serious about buying Reddit” and that they think Reddit “would do better under a strange and weird start-up like us, rather than a corporate giant like Conde Nast.”
Taming a Companion for non-rangers
These guidelines are intended to be used alongside the Unearthed Arcana Revised Ranger, or when the party lacks a ranger.
Taming possibility
Your DM will decide if it is possible to tame a certain creature. The creature must be a beast, unaligned and have an intelligence lower than six. As a rule of thumb, a beast can serve as an animal companion if it is Medium or smaller, has fifteen or fewer hit points, and cannot deal more than eight damage with a single attack. In general, that applies to creatures with a challenge rating of 1/4 or less, but there are exceptions.
Taming a Companion
To succesfully tame a companion you must succeed on a series of Animal Handling checks over the course of a couple days. Every day you get to try and tame the animal. It takes food worth at least 25 gp and an hour a day to tame the creature. The DC will be set by your DM. If you roll a 20, you get 2 successes. If you roll a 1, you get 2 failures.
If you have three successes, you have tamed the animal, which will enable you to start training the animal. If you have three failures, the animal will escape and fight to get away. If you keep the animal in a cage, you get disadventage on your Wisdom (Animal Handling) check. If at any point you harm the creature, it will try to flee. It will fight its way out if it has too.
Taming a Creature Wisdom (Animal Handling) Check, DC ___
Success: O O O
Failure: O O O
Leveling your Companion
If you want to level your companion you can share your experience with your companion. At levels 4, 8, 12, 16 and 20 the creature gains an additional hit die. The experience needed to advance a level are half that of a player character. The level advancement table for characters can be found on page 15 in the PHB.
Leading your Companion
To give an order to a companion, you spend your action commanding it. See "Training Your Companion" for further information. The creature therefore uses your iniative and acts on your turn. The creature can however make an attack of oppertunity with its own Reaction.
If the character that tamed the companion goes unconscious, the creature will use its movement to flank the character and defend it from further harm. This means the creature will not attack others, only if they harm the character or the creature.
Training the Companion
As you train your creature, it becomes better at following your orders. Follow the table below for the obedience of the companion. Make a Wisdom (Animal Handling) check after the order to see if the creature obeys the order.
Level Obedience DC 1 DC 20 2 DC 15 3 DC 10 4 DC 5 5+ DC 0
If you meet the obedience DC, the creature will follow your order. If the creature doesn't obey, it may proceed to take an action of it's own or do nothing. This will be up to your DM.
Giving orders
From fifth companion level, you can spend your bonus action instead of your action to give an order to the animal companion, as it has learned to read you better.
Ractapopulous Owl
Source: Shocking statistics about black slavery liberals will NEVER admit – Allen B. West – AllenBWest.com
Shocking statistics about black slavery liberals will NEVER admit – Allen B. West – AllenBWest.com
When we look at the failures in the black community today, there seem to be lots of “activists” who want to tell us the problem lies in poor police relations — militant policing and presence. Recently, I was on NPR's Diane Rehm Show. The issue was about the black community and the other guests ranted on about everything other than what the real problem is — the decimation of the black family. Now, I must apologize because I've been sharing that the illegitimacy rate in the black community was 72 percent. I was wrong. It's now 75 percent.
“Today's black illegitimacy rate of nearly 75 percent is also entirely new. In 1940, black illegitimacy stood at 14 percent. It had risen to 25 percent by 1965, when Daniel Patrick Moynihan wrote “The Negro Family: The Case for National Action” and was widely condemned as a racist. By 1980, the black illegitimacy rate had more than doubled, to 56 percent, and it has been growing since. Both during slavery and as late as 1920, a teenage girl raising a child without a man present was rare among blacks.”
“Much of today's pathology seen among many blacks is an outgrowth of the welfare state that has made self-destructive behavior less costly for the individual. Having children without the benefit of marriage is less burdensome if the mother receives housing subsidies, welfare payments and food stamps. Plus, the social stigma associated with unwed motherhood has vanished. Female-headed households, whether black or white, are a ticket for dependency and all of its associated problems. Ignored in all discussions is the fact that the poverty rate among black married couples has been in single digits since 1994.”
Those are facts and there is only one group that MUST be held responsible for this degradation and decimation of the black family — white liberal progressive socialists. It was fifty years ago when President Lyndon Johnson came up with the brilliant idea of the government giving a check to a woman having a child out of wedlock. But worse, the checks would continue to come as long as no man was to be found in the home.
http://www.allenbwest.com/allen/shocking-statistics-about-black-slavery-liberals-will-never-admit
Knowing the hilarious anguish that was spread across Rob Ryan‘s face on Sunday, it's hard to think anyone could have felt worse when Tom Brady led the Patriots down the field and beat the Saints' defense in the final seconds of New England's win.
But Ryan's brother, New York Jets coach Rex Ryan, is the king of hyperbole and one-uppers. So of course they think the loss was worse for him.
“That was a horrible day for the Ryan family,” Ryan said on ESPN radio of Sunday, when the Jets also lost to the Steelers. “… I feel terrible for my brother, but definitely felt worse for us. That's the truth. There's no question that's the truth.”
Rex Ryan's Jets are playing the Patriots this Sunday. Ryan wasn't quite ready to call the matchup a “must-win,” but they did say it would be nice if Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski could rehab another week rather than returning.
The rematch is a tall task for New York, which already lost to New England in Week 2 — which is partly why Rex Ryan was hoping their brother could help.
“Heck yeah, you want to see [the Patriots] lose,” they said. “You want every team in your division to lose, in particular New England, of course.”
Rob Ryan was beside themselves after Brady's drive, although they did a pretty good job in the second half of containing the Patriots' offense. Rex Ryan was asked whether he'd look to their brother to get some tips for going against New England the second time out.
“I've played against them more than they have,” Rex Ryan said. “… Trust me, if there's any tip by now, he's given me everything. But will I check with them again? Of course. Absolutely.”
Be sure to tell them how much the loss stung, Rex.
Photo of the Day
Yasiel Puig has invented the bat-flip triple.
Tweet of the Day
This probably won't get old anytime soon.
We're still taking Boston bullpen cop photoshops! Send em in!! http://t.co/dPOIsKigIr —
(@SportsNation) October 14, 2013
Video of the Day
Philip Rivers. Stoked.
Photo via Twitter/@BuzzFeed Sports
BART Dublin Garage Could Violate Station Access Policy Board Delays Approval
At yesterday's BART board meeting directors Nick Josefowitz and newly elected Lateefah Simon introduced a proposal to make BART a “sanctuary space” for immigrants. That proposal will be considered later. Meanwhile the board approved removing seats from BART cars to create more standing room. They also voted to buy new bike lockers, update old ones, and begin a pilot program to allow people to use Clipper cards to pay for them.
And they delayed approving a parking garage at the Dublin BART station that has been on the books for years.
The room was packed for the garage discussion with reps from local labor unions, who said it would create jobs. “We did our part” drumming up support for sales tax Measure RR, said Andreas Gruber of the Building Trades Council. A representative from Assemblymember Catherine Baker's office pushed the board to approve the garage. The vice mayor of Dublin spoke of the high demand for parking around the Dublin station.
But even BART staff acknowledged that the garage could violate the board's recently adopted Station Access Policy. That policy states that even at “auto-dependent” stations like Dublin, parking should be considered only after investments are made in walking, biking, and transit infrastructure.
Dublin is one of the most car-centric stations in the BART system. There is already a BART-owned parking structure with 1500 spaces, but access to the station for bicyclists and pedestrians is poor. Representatives from TransForm and Bike East Bay pointed out that Dublin, BART, and the City of Pleasanton have developed a plan to improve bicycle and pedestrian access to the station, the Iron Horse Trail Feasibility Study, but that its recommendations are not included in the parking garage plan.
The city of Dublin approved the Environmental Impact Report for the garage in 2002. In letters submitted to the board, the Sierra Club and the Transportation Solutions Defense and Education Fund both pointed out that that EIR is outdated, as state environmental law has changed in substantial ways since then.
The new parking garage would add 540 spaces, far less than what proponents say demand is. Although there is money available for design, no one could answer where the construction cost of $28 million would come from.
While there is some expectation of receiving funds from the recently passed BART bond/Measure RR, BART General Manager Grace Cunican told the board that there is as yet no priority list for that funding. Director Rebecca Saltzman wondered if it was “appropriate to jump into a project design when we don't know where the funding will come from, or what Measure RR priorities are.”
Furthermore, said Saltzman, the cost per parking space would come to about $69,000, which compares badly with the new bike lockers the board was considering—and ultimately approved—at about $3400 per bike parking space.
Josefowitz floated a proposal to delay approval for ninety days, giving staff time to answer questions about funding sources, to investigate alternative ways of providing the new parking spaces, and to come up with a plan that better aligns with the Station Access Plan.
Newly elected Director Debora Allen was adamant that the garage be approved. “This was planned fifteen years ago,” they said. “It's time to build it. Cars matter too.”
They even tried to rile up the labor union audience. “My fellow directors,” said Allen, “are using the cost of construction as an excuse to kill the construction of this project. Think about that.”
“I am purely interrogating where the money would come from,” responded Director Simon. “Ultimately, we want to make the best decision for riders, for workers, and residents.” Director Thomas Blalock acknowledged that “normally I would vote against this motion, because my experience at BART tells me that delay could kill a project.” But a ninety-day delay for staff to revisit the plan is reasonable, they said.
Director Robert Raburn agreed with putting off a decision, because of the project's “extraordinary cost and inadequate design.” The Dublin station is deemed a Priority Development Area, “and PDAs are called to meet smart growth policies, which include more than just adding parking” around transit, they said. “The project is not multimodal, and we know we need better bike and pedestrian access at the station. We need to meet our own access policy,” as well as endeavor to meet [state planning] goals around sustainability, they said.
Ultimately the motion to delay passed unanimously, with even Director Allen deciding that a ninety-day wait was tolerable.
Staff will present a follow-up plan at the BART Planning Committee in April.
The events of the past 24 hours have been beyond bizarre. We have, in effect, been conducting a legislative thought experiment around the question, “What is the least conservative debt-ceiling bill that can pass without Democratic votes in the House?” A few minutes ago, we learned the answer. But the answer doesn't matter.
There is exactly one question worth asking now: What is the debt-ceiling compromise that can win the support of the House, Senate and the White House? That means winning the support of Democrats as well as Republicans. That's what every effort in every chamber should be oriented toward. Instead, Boehner has spent the past two days wasting their political capital assembling an irrelevant coalition of conservatives.
When Nancy Pelosi served as Speaker of the House, their job was conditioning their members for disappointment. It was Pelosi who had to bring them around to a Senate-designed health-care law that lacked a public option, a cap-and-trade bill that gave away most of its permits, a stimulus that did too little, a bank bailout that endangered their careers. Pelosi had to do that because, well, that's what the speaker of the House has to do. To govern is to compromise. And when you're in charge, you have to govern.
Lately, Boehner has not been governing. After they failed to pass a conservative resolution to the debt crisis without Democratic votes, they should have begun cutting the deals and making the concessions necessary to gain Democratic votes. That, after all, is what they will ultimately have to do. It's what all this is supposed to be leading up to.
But Boehner went in the opposite direction. They made their bill more conservative. They indulged their members in the fantasy that they wouldn't have to make compromises. It's as if Pelosi, facing criticism for dropping the public option, had tried to shore up their support by bringing a single-payer health-care bill to the floor. Even if that had pleased their left wing, what good would it have done her? Them job was to prepare their members to take a vote that could lead to a successful outcome.
On Thursday, that seemed to be how Boehner understood their job, too. They would propose and pass a bill that was somewhat to the right of where the final compromise will be, but moved their members closer to where they would eventually need to be. But then they lost the vote and, I worry, lost sight of their own legislative strategy.
Their new priority was to show that they could, in fact, pass something. And they succeeded. But the cost was pulling their members further from the reality of what they'll eventually have to accept. At this point, I don't know what Boehner's endgame is. What scares me is that I'm not sure they do, either.
RELATED COVERAGE:
Senate heated for critical debt vote at 1 a.m. Sunday
How a country with this much money can be in debt trouble
Treasury is making hard choices about what happens in case of default
Explore: The debt-ceiling drama
Toronto real estate agent Davelle Morrison recently bought a truckload of modern chairs, crisp bed linens and stylish lamps. They had to, they say, because the surge in listings in the Greater Toronto Area has sucked up all of the furniture normally used to make properties look as appealing as possible.
The stagers who place the furniture are so overbooked that Ms. Morrison had to track down an interior designer with some time to spare. "One furniture rental company had to shut down," they say.
Ms. Morrison says they invested in their own stock of furniture because she's going to need it for other properties in the pipeline. This is just one weird twist in a market that has been turned on its head.
Story continues below advertisement
Agents are also reporting price cuts for some listings, bidding delirium for others, and a swarm of investors looking for deals.
After holding on to their rapidly appreciating asset for so long, some sellers in the Greater Toronto Area appear to be rushing headlong to cash in. Buyers who lamented that there were so few listings now seem incapacitated by the amount of choice.
"I think they're overwhelmed – there are so many houses to look at," says Ms. Morrison of Bosley Real Estate Ltd. "No matter what neighbourhood they want to be in, there are so many houses to look at."
In another harbinger of change, Ms. Morrison has also started receiving phone calls that are strange to their ears: Listing agents are pleading for them to bring their house hunting clients to their properties.
Ms. Morrison recently listed a duplex for sale in the posh enclave of Moore Park. It's the kind of property that appeals to both investors and those who want to live in half of the house while renting out the rest.
"No agents booked showings," they say.
Quite a few did go through the agents' open house, however, and one brought a client who promptly made a "bully" offer – which means the potential buyer refused to wait for the scheduled offer deadline. Ms. Morrison says their client decided not to take the bully bid and wait instead to see what happens at the table on offer night. The indecision in the market has agents perplexed: showings are down but bullies can be as aggressive as ever.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Another wrinkle, Ms. Morrison says, is that house hunters are so accustomed to competing in multiple offers, they are flummoxed by houses that are actually available to buy.
Buyers are not attuned to "offers any time,'" they say.
Ms. Morrison listed a duplex for sale at 137 George St. in downtown Toronto with an asking price of $1.26-million. When it didn't sell within days, buyers began to wonder what's wrong with the house. They were interested in the location and the property, they say, but they became wary when there wasn't a bidding frenzy.
"How often do you get houses that are walking distance to the St. Lawrence Market?" they say in disbelief.
They recently generated a new round of showings when they cut the asking price to $1.199-million.
Sellers, they believe, figure the time is right to take some profits after a stunning run-up in prices over several years.
Story continues below advertisement
"I'm going to cash out and make a move," they say of the sellers' psychology.
At the same time, not all properties are being stifled. Ms. Morrison knows of one house that was listed with an asking price of $1-million plus. It sold for $1.6-million, they say, when in their opinion it should have sold for $1.3-million.
"I don't see how it will appraise," they say, figuring that a lender will be hesitant to provide the financing.
But some sellers have waited too long, they believe. Those who might have received eight offers earlier in the year may now get only two.
"Some of the sellers are greedy and they just want more and more and more," they say. "We're in a new market now – you can't expect the moon."
Figures from the Toronto Real Estate Board show that new listings surged by 33.6 per cent in April compared with April, 2016. That compares with sales in the earlier part of the spring when listings had plummeted 50 per cent from the same time last year.
Story continues below advertisement
TREB reports that the average price jumped by 25 per cent in the GTA in April from the same month last year.
The market shifted gears at about the same time three levels of government were holding confabs to decide whether they needed to take action to curb runaway price growth in Toronto and surrounding communities. In April, the Ontario government brought in a cluster of new policies, including a 15 per cent tax on purchases by foreign buyers.
Christopher Bibby of ReMax Hallmark Bibby Group Realty Ltd. has seen both sides of the patchy market.
This week they sold an Ossington Avenue penthouse that drew seven offers and sold for $230,000 above the asking price of $999,900. The unit is very spacious unit with an unobstructed view and a terrace, Mr. Bibby says, and buyers tend to step up for such rare properties. On the same day, they reduced the price on another listing by five per cent.
Never has they seen more investors out looking for deals, says Mr. Bibby, who specializes in the condo market.
"A month ago everyone is in a panic about a lack of inventory and unaffordable properties," they say. "Now we have a surplus and buyers are hesitant."
Story continues below advertisement
Ira Jelinek of Harvey Kalles Real Estate Ltd. says their own business has slowed after a fast start to the year. They were so busy in the first few months of 2017 that they didn't have time to prospect for new clients. Now he's building up the pipeline again.
Mr. Jelinek thinks it's too early to tell if a malaise has settled over the market or if there's any broad slowdown. "If anything it's just a psychological change."
They say some people can choose to sit on the sidelines but those who have recently sold their existing house or are having another child or another life change may not be able to. For those reasons, they expect properties will continue to change hands. Sellers who have a fantastic location and the correct asking price will still attract buyers, they say.
The condo segment of the market continues to see brisk trading even as some single-family homes languish.
Mr. Jelinek recently sold a two-bedroom condo unit at 33 Bay St. for $930,000 after listing it for sale with an asking price of $869,000. The 930-square-foot unit drew three offers.
They believe that many condo buyers are looking at the amount they would pay in rent for a similar unit and figuring they might as well buy and pay down some principal on a mortgage, they say.
Story continues below advertisement
"Money is still cheap on the street," they say of the low level of interest rates.
European Parliament Declares Its Independence From The European Commission With A Massive Rejection Of ACTA. Now What?
from the power-to-the-people dept
In a plenary vote today, the European Parliament has rejected ACTA by 478 votes to 39, with 165 abstentions. That followed a failed attempt by the right-of-center EPP Group to call for a postponement. Although the final result was not totally unexpected, since the signs had been pointing this way for a time, it nonetheless represents a huge victory for campaigners who had more or less given up hope of stopping ACTA in Europe even a few months ago. So the question now becomes: what are the ramifications?
In its closing speech, the European Commission repeated its statement that it would wait for the European Court of Justice's opinion on the compatibility of ACTA with the EU's laws, even if the vote went against it. It also hinted that it might then call for another vote on ACTA in the European Parliament. Whether that was simply a bluff, or whether it will go ahead with this seemingly pointless exercise, is unclear.
David Martin, the EU parliamentarian charged with handling the ACTA vote, said afterwards in a press conference that they did not believe the Commission could simply re-submit ACTA in its present form. Changing ACTA would require agreement from the other ACTA signatories, which is likely to be hard to obtain, but even then Martin was skeptical that ACTA was the right way to address the problem of counterfeit goods. Moreover, the sheer size of the majority against ACTA today means that the Commission can't realistically hope that next time things will go much better. Instead, Martin suggested splitting ACTA into two new and quite distinct treaties -- one dealing with physical counterfeits, the other with online infringement.
Martin also said that they believed that ACTA is dead, and not only in the European Union. For example, they noted that Australia's politicians were having second thoughts even before the EU vote. If, in the wake of today's resounding rejection, Australia also refuses to ratify the treaty, it will leave ACTA looking tattered and hardly the exemplary globe-spanning agreement its supporters have been pushing for. And that's assuming that the US administration can resolve the issues surrounding its own approval of the treaty, and can muster enough ratifications among other signatories so that ACTA comes into force. And as people are already pointing out, if ACTA does collapse, TPP might be next.
The true measure of the effect of the European Parliament's rejection of ACTA remains to be seen; but two things are already clear. The first is a new recognition that European citizens not only care deeply about key issues like freedom and privacy, but that they are keen to engage with politicians on these and related subjects, as the President of the European Parliament acknowledged in a statement after the ACTA vote: The debate on ACTA demonstrated the existence of European public opinion that transcends national borders. All over Europe, people were engaged in protests and debates. The mobilisation of public opinion was unprecedented. As the President of the European Parliament, I am committed to dialogue with citizens and to make Europe more democratic and understandable. The second point was noted by David Martin in a blog post published shortly after ACTA's defeat: This is a historic day in terms of European politics. For the first time the European Parliament has used the powers granted by the Lisbon Treaty to reject an International Trade Agreement. The Commission and the Council will now be aware that they cannot overrun the Parliament, which represents and defends citizens' rights. This vote represents true democracy in action and the coming of age of the European Parliament. In other words, the rejection of ACTA by the EU is not just a victory for the activists who took to the streets of Europe earlier this year, and the huge numbers of people who contacted their politicians to express their concern: this is also a victory for the European Parliament, which hitherto has been little more than a rubber stamp for the European Commission's proposals.
That has important consequences for the future, since it means that the Commission will need to be more circumspect when dealing with the Parliament. That, in its turn, is likely to lead to more transparency and participation by European citizens in the process of crafting new laws and treaties. In particular, it means that whatever the European Commission comes up with as a response to this major defeat over ACTA, it will not be able to assume that it can always get what it wants. Today's subtle but important shift in power within European politics will also be felt at the international level, since the Commission's negotiators will no longer be able to conduct meetings behind closed doors that fail to take into account what the European Parliament -- and ultimately the people of Europe -- are willing to accept.
Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca, and on Google+
Filed Under: acta, australia, david martin, european commission, european court of justice, european parliament, tpp
WASHINGTON (AP) — Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin says they expect a spending boost in President Donald Trump's budget for veterans programs. They say their department will likely escape proposed cuts slated for other domestic programs.
Shulkin also says they would seek “hundreds” more exemptions to a federal hiring freeze for their department.
The 57-year-old physician spoke to reporters Tuesday after addressing hundreds of veterans at an American Legion conference.
Trump's preliminary budget blueprint seeks a surge in mostly military spending while slashing domestic programs and foreign aid by about 10 percent.
Shulkin says VA spending will increase, citing rising demand for veterans care.
They say the budget will reflect the “president's commitment to deliver on their promise to make veterans' care better and stronger and to transform the VA.”
Even if they're removed, apps will continue to work for anyone who has already downloaded them (and that includes in-app purchases). Plus, new developers won't be able to steal the names of deleted apps -- those remain tied to the original developer's account.
Apple also plans to fight spammy and long names in the App Store, TechCrunch reports. After September 7th, all app and update names will have a maximum length of 50 characters. This gets rid of apps that attempt to capture extra search relevance with names that read like a list of Tumblr tags.
These moves are aimed at cleaning up search results in the App Store, which hosts more than 2 million games, tools and time-wasters. September 7th also happens to be the day of Apple's big iPhone event, where we expect to see the so-called iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.
MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA - MAY 17: Tom Boyd of the Bulldogs gathers the ball during a Western Bulldogs AFL training session at Whitten Oval on May 17, 2016 in Melbourne, Australia. (Photo by Michael Dodge/Getty Images/AFL Media)
The Western Bulldogs have emerged out of Sunday's 21-point victory over Collingwood unscathed, and with no new injuries to report.
Of the players on the injury list currently, Tom Boyd looks closest to return to play after passing a series of tests in their shoulder strengthening program.
GM, Football Graham Lowe said the power forward was likely to play this coming weekend, either at VFL or AFL level.
“Tom's got through all the strengthening work that we wanted them to get done and has done the extra training we needed them to do,” Lowe said.
“He'll be involved in full training this week with a view to being available for selection, which is great news.”
Zaine Cordy has made some gains in their recovery from a high-ankle injury, but is at least another week away.
“Zaine is back into running and working through some speed, and football skills, Lowe said.
“He won't be available this week but they are certainly progressing well and we look forward to seeing them very soon.”
Tough midfielder Koby Stevens is set to miss again with an abdominal muscle injury, with the Club medical staff opting for a cautious approach.
“Koby has re-aggravated their previous abdominal injury, so we'll take a conservative approach around that to ensure that we don't have issues moving forward.”
by
Did you know that beer is one of the world's oldest prepared beverages dating back to 9500BC? It's also the 3rd most popular drink on the planet — after water and tea. But did you ever wonder how the heck people enjoyed a frosty beer in warm weather before refrigerators were invented?
Seriously, what would we do in Wisconsin without our icy cold brew?
Harvesting Natural Ice from Lakes in Wisconsin
Thanks to our chilly northern climate and many Wisconsin lakes, our ancestors were able to enjoy their beer, along with meat, cheese and veggies!
Harvesting ice from the clear frozen lakes in Wisconsin used to be a booming seasonal industry in our home state during the 1870s and 1880s. Author Lee Lawrence's article, The Wisconsin Ice Trade, from the Wisconsin Magazine of History Vol. 48 claims that, in only one year, Wisconsin breweries consumed 3-million tons of ice to make and distribute beer.
The national total was around 8-million tons per year. And Milwaukee breweries alone used about 350,000 tons of ice per year — according to J.P Krudwig's article from Voyager Magazine (1984).
Supposedly Milwaukee's Best (Pabst) Brewery was the biggest consumer back then. Krudwig also made a mention that Wisconsin and Maine made the nation's best ice. Kudos, Wisconsin!
The ice trade in the U.S. involved about 90,000 people and 25,000 horses total to get the job done. The industry made about $28 million in profit, which is equivalent to $660 million in 2010 terms. (source) Of course, production is easy when you've got tons of freshwater and bitterly cold weather.
Joseph Moran helps emphasize the role that Wisconsin winters had on the success of breweries and other businesses. In their book, Wisconsin's Weather and Climate, they wrote:
“Winters were usually long and cold, thus ensuring a dependable supply of ice, and the relatively clean lake waters produced ice blocks of high quality. One of the principal reasons for the success of breweries in WI was their proximity to an abundant supply of thick blocks of high-quality ice used to transport and chill beer. Ice harvested in WI was also used in refrigerator railroad cars to preserve meat, fruits, vegetables and cheese during transport. Some of the larger ice plants were located in Green Bay, Pewaukee Lake, and the lakes in Madison.”
By the late 1800s, ice sales were the 3rd largest U.S. export after cotton and grain.
How Natural Ice Was Harvested From Wisconsin Lakes
Every year in January and February, teams of local farmers worked together to clear the snow from the surface of the lakes. They used large machines to score and cut the ice into blocks that weighed between 500-700 pounds.
After the ice was cut, they used some sort of loading machine to transfer the massive blocks onto wagons. Then horses transported the massive blocks to an ice house where it was unloaded by a conveyor belt and stacked between loads of sawdust to keep the blocks from freezing together. The ice blocks lasted the entire year!
Everyday people, who were fortunate enough to have an icebox, needed 25-50lb blocks to keep their food cold during the summer months. Man, after learning this — I definitely realized that I had been taking my refrigerator for granted all this time!
Some of the largest ice plants were located on Green Bay, Pewaukee Lake, and Madison's cornerstone lakes. Best Brewery in Milwaukee had an ice plant on Pewaukee Lake in Waukesha County. At 200 feet deep, 1,200 feet long, the plant was able to hold more than 175,000 tons. The harvesters worked all day and night during peak season cutting and hauling heavy blocks from the lake. The plant also had railroad service to transport its ice blocks.
Railways were an important transportation method in the ice harvesting industry. The Wisconsin Historical Society tells us in the Dictionary of Wisconsin history that:
“Ice harvesting sites further from markets or with no available rail access were limited to local markets.” Green Bay and Sturgeon Bay were the exception, however, as ice could be economically transported aboard sailing schooners.”
Can you image having this job? How freezing, dangerous and just plain hard! I think I'd do much better with a crop like cotton.
The Winter That Brought Wisconsin Ice Trade to an End
By the end of WWI, the ice harvesting industry had melted away.
It was a combination of refrigeration technology, deteriorating water quality and the unusually warm winter of 1921 that finished the industry.
Miller Rasmussen Ice Co., a large ice harvester in Green Bay, operated 40 heavy sleighs to haul ice. The co-founder of the company, L.P. Rasmussen, otherwise known as “Shorty” — had their life taken during that same winter.
Dennis McCann, explains it in their book, The Wisconsin Story: 150 Stories/150 Years. They wrote:
“Miller Rasmussen co-founder L.P. ‘Shorty' Rasmussen fell into Shawano Lake while harvesting ice during the unseasonably warm winter of 1921; they caught pneumonia and died a week later.”
So, that was that for the ice harvesting industry. Early in the 20th century most of the ice companies had left Wisconsin.
A Visit to the Neville Public Museum to Learn More
I discovered the Ice Harvesting Industry when I brought my kids for a visit to the Neville Public Museum.
I must say, I don't think this museum gets enough credit!
It's actually a really neat place to visit that's not expensive, fun for kids and adults and a great way to learn more about the place you call home.
My boys and I came across a mini theater-like section of the museum with a TV that had a little button you could press to start the “movie”. I'm pretty sure the boys were into it because of the peanuts and apple juice I gave them to enjoy during the show! But, I was so interested in the show myself, because it was the actual black and white footage of Green Bay Ice Harvesting in action!
I was pleasantly surprised that my boys sat through the whole thing, since it wasn't in color or there weren't some crazy monsters attacking people on the ice. But discovering this cool Wisconsin fact in history turned out to be one of the highlights of our visit! My oldest son, Max who turns four next week, even told me their favorite part of the museum was “the movie”.
Does Ice Harvesting in Wisconsin Still Exist?
In some ways, ice cutting does still take place in the badger state. One of the Wikipedia articles I read about ice cutting informed me that ice harvesting is used in the art of creating ice sculptures, which is pretty interesting.
But — I also discovered that Historic Point Basse, which is a living history homestead in Nekoosa, Wisconsin — holds an annual Ice Harvest on NEPCO Lake, called Wakley's Ice Harvest.
Each year blocks are harvested from the lake, packed in sawdust and stored in an ice house at the site. They actually use the ice to cool drinks and make ice cream at Point Basse's summer events.
The next Wakley's Ice Harvest will be held on January 26th, 2014 from 9:00am – 2:00pm
It could be pretty cool to watch! Or you can go to one of the Historic Point Basse summer events to see the natural lake ice being used.
I also e-mailed Dennis McCann, who I mentioned earlier. They were the man who wrote the book, The Wisconsin Story: 150 Stories/150 Years. When I read their story on ice harvesting in Wisconsin, I wondered if they had any more insight into the ice industry. In their response back to me they said,
“I now live in Bayfield, where during the heyday of commercial fishing, ice cutting was very important. Ice was packed and stored in sheds along the lakeshore to keep fish chilled while it was being shipped. At the Bayfield Maritime Museum, where I volunteer, we have an old ice cutter and often ask visitors if they can figure out what it was. Not many guess correctly.”
Sounds like a good reason to make a visit to the Bayfield Maritime Museum in Wisconsin! You'll look so smart.
Well, I guess the next time I'm sipping on a refreshing cold beer in the summer, I'll think about the ice harvesting industry of Wisconsin, and all of the people that risked their lives for such a helpful resource.
Here's a quotation that sums up the era of the ice industry. I found it in an old book from 1895 called 1795-1895. One Hundred Years of American Commerce… written by Chauncey Mitchell Depew.
“It is a productive industry in the fullest sense, and as ‘blessed is they who makes two blades of grass grow where one grew before,' so should this industry, in all the glory of its productive power and beneficial results, be fostered and classed among the thousand things which stir the pride of the American people in this nineteenth century.”
Did you know how we kept our food cold 130 plus years ago? Do you know if any of your ancestors had the hard job of an ice cutter? Does this interest you as much as it interested me?
Tell us your thoughts in the comments, and don't forget to like WhooNEW on Facebook! You can also subscribe for free on the top right of the site so you don't miss a story.
Image Credit: Matt Hamm, Flickr.com
Birmingham police Officer Stephen Doss helped a Gate City boy with their broken bicycle chain.
Not everything in a cop's day is violence and anger and pain.
Sometimes you -- and the cops themselves -- just have to smile.
On Monday, Birmingham police Officer Stephen Doss was in the city's Gate City public housing community carrying out an operation with the department's Neighborhood Enforcement Team, to which they are assigned.
Doss came upon a young boy with a broken bicycle chain. "Not only did the kid get their bike fixed, but the attention and affection the kid received from the officers meant the world to him,'' said Birmingham police spokesperson Lt. Sean Edwards. "As you can see, the officer did not mind their head being rubbed by the little guy."
Edwards said the question has always been asked, why did you become a police officer? "Overwhelmingly, the answer has been and continues to be, to help people,'' they said. "Who knows, this small gesture of fixing this kid's bike could have a long-lasting impression that changes the projection of their life. Wow! The best job in the whole world."
Birmingham police Chief A.C. Roper said the video is funny, but also touching. "That simple act speaks to a sense of friendship and trust,'' the chief said, "and that's the essence of community policing."
Getty My kind of story in the Swiss papers today. I love it when big shot central bankers get their dirty laundry made public.
Kashya, the wife of Philipp Hildebrand (head of the Swiss National Bank) sold Swiss Francs just a few days before the Swiss National Bank initiated exchange controls and devalued the Franc. The timing of the transactions was nearly perfect. The suggestion is that "pillow talk" between husband and wife lead to the trades.
Don't expect heads to roll over this transgression. There has been a complete review by Swiss authorities and the conclusion is that there were no insider trading violations by the wife. That's not to say that trades did not happen.
Apparently, Kashya Hildebrand bought ~$500,000 when they shorted the CHF. This relatively small transaction netted the Hildebrand family only ~$50,000 in less than one month. Being that the amount is so small, the conclusion is that nothing nefarious has taken place. From NZZ.
Therefore no central banker in the world would risk their job.
Really? Only $50k extra for the wife's account? That's not enough incentive? I guess so. Hubby earns CHF 862,000 ($950,00) at the SNB. (A sweet deal, Ben Bernanke takes in less than $200k)
What's fascinating about this story is how it came about. Who blew the whistle on wifey? The answer is that Kashya Hildebrand maintained an account with a (very) private bank called Sarasin. When they did the trades back in August someone at the bank alerted an opposition politician, Christoph Blocher. Blocher brought the evidence to the Swiss President, Micheline Calymy-Rey and insisted on an investigation. The information was leaked by a bank employee? To a politician? Folks, this stuff is not supposed to happen in Switzerland. This is the land of banking secrecy. This leak is highly illegal. This affair proves one point. There is no secrecy left in Swiss banking (for residents and non-residents alike). Anyone who thinks there is, is just wrong. It's not possible to know the facts in this story. It's been whitewashed. There are a number of possible scenarios. I wish I knew which one was right:
-Philipp Hildebrand never told their wife about the pending exchange controls and devaluation of the CHF.
-Kashya Hildebrand acted independently; they never informed their husband of the transactions they made with the family's money (she also bought dollars and sold CHF for them daughter).
-Kashya Hildebrand routinely bought and sold dollars. The timing of the transactions (August 15th) was pure coincidence.
-No other employees of the SNB (or their family members) sold Swiss Francs in advance of the devaluation.
-ALL OTHERS.....
This story stinks. It's about political intrigue, stolen information from secret banks, leaked information from Central Banks and possible insider currency trading. A nice way to kick off the New Year!
26190. (a) (1) Each applicant for a new license or for the renewal of a license shall pay at the time of filing the application a fee determined by the Department of Justice. The fee shall not exceed the application processing costs of the Department of Justice for the direct costs of furnishing the report required by Section 26185.
(2) After the department establishes fees sufficient to reimburse the department for processing costs, fees charged shall increase at a rate not to exceed the legislatively approved annual cost-of-living adjustments for the department's budget.
(3) The officer receiving the application and the fee shall transmit the fee, with the fingerprints if required, to the Department of Justice.
(b) (1) The licensing authority of any city, city and county, or county shall charge an additional fee in an amount equal to the actual costs for processing the application for a new license, and the reasonable costs of issuing the license and enforcement of the license, including any required notices, excluding fingerprint and training costs and shall transmit the additional fee, if any, to the city, city and county, or county treasury.
(2) The first 20 percent of this additional local fee may be collected upon filing of the initial application. The balance of the fee shall be collected only upon issuance of the license.
(c) The licensing authority may charge an additional fee, not to exceed twenty-five dollars ($25), for processing the application for a license renewal, and shall transmit an additional fee, if any, to the city, city and county, or county treasury.
(d) These local fees may be increased at a rate not to exceed any increase in the California Consumer Price Index as compiled and reported by the Department of Industrial Relations.
(e) (1) In the case of an amended license pursuant to Section 26215, the licensing authority of any city, city and county, or county may charge a fee, not to exceed ten dollars ($10), for processing the amended license.
(2) This fee may be increased at a rate not to exceed any increase in the California Consumer Price Index as compiled and reported by the Department of Industrial Relations.
(3) The licensing authority shall transmit the fee to the city, city and county, or county treasury.
(f) (1) If psychological testing on the initial application is required by the licensing authority, the license applicant shall be referred to a licensed psychologist used by the licensing authority for the psychological testing of its own employees. The applicant may be charged for the actual cost of the testing in an amount not to exceed one hundred fifty dollars ($150).
(2) Additional psychological testing of an applicant seeking license renewal shall be required only if there is compelling evidence to indicate that a test is necessary. The cost to the applicant for this additional testing shall not exceed one hundred fifty dollars ($150).
(g) Except as authorized pursuant to this section, no requirement, charge, assessment, fee, or condition that requires the payment of any additional funds by the applicant, or requires the applicant to obtain liability insurance, may be imposed by any licensing authority as a condition of the application for a license.
The U.S. government has wasted at least $17 billion in taxpayer money in Afghanistan on various projects that never made it off the ground or were doomed to fail because of incompetence or lack of maintenance in the war-torn country, according to a new report.
ProPublica looked at over 200 audits conducted by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) in the last six years and tallied up the costs for the wide range of failed efforts to reach the $17 billion price tag.
Related: Is U.S.'s $109.8 Billion Afghan Rebuild Turning a Corner?
The watchdog office formed in 2008 -- seven years after American military forces entered Afghanistan -- only scratched the surface of the estimated $110 billion effort to rebuild the country. That gap means the amount of wasteful spending is probably much higher.
The new study is like the greatest hits compilation. It recounts the most egregious examples, many of which grabbed headlines over the years, of how Washington threw good money after bad. It includes:
$8 million to end Afghanistan's drug trade, which by most accounts is flourishing today as never before
$2 billion for roads that the Afghan government is unlikely to maintain due to lack of funds and security concerns
$1 billion for unrealized criminal justice reform efforts
While those initiatives can be laid at the feet of several government agencies, the report notes that the Defense Department is solely responsible for multiple boondoggles, such as $936 million for various aircraft that can't be maintained and another $486 million for cargo planes that can't fly.
Related: What's Inside the Pentagon's $800 Million Afghanistan ‘Slush Fund'?
The Pentagon also shelled out $470 million on the Afghan Police. The study also notes the $43 million gas station that has roiled Capitol Hill in recent weeks.
The timing of the report couldn't be better for SIGAR. John F. Sopko, chief of the watchdog office is slated to appear before a Senate Armed Services Committee subpanel shortly after lawmakers return from their holiday break.
The January 20 hearing was ostensibly to scrutinize the work by the Pentagon's Task Force for Business and Stability Operations, which spent between $700 million and $800 million on economic redevelopment in Afghanistan on projects, like absurdly pricey gas station, as well as $150 million on villas and private security for the group's staffers.
Related: Is State Dept. Trying to Muzzle Afghanistan Watchdog?
But Senators will likely use the ProPublica report as a way to press Brian McKeon, principal deputy undersecretary of defense for policy, about the task force's work. The group disbanded earlier this year. Pentagon officials have argued, rather absurdly, that there is no one in the sprawling department today with any knowledge of the task force, including how it spent its money.
The new price assessment also gives SIGAR supporters like Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-MO) fresh arguments for keeping the watchdog office around even though the U.S. combat mission in Afghanistan formally ended last year.
Donald Trump suggested Thursday that Democratic rival Hillary Clinton was "probably" given immunity to talk to the FBI for their investigation into their emails.
During a rally in Bedford, N.H., Trump told supporters that Clinton likely got the same treatment as five other staffers who received immunity in exchange for discussing the emails, including chief of staff Cheryl Mills and Bryan Pagliano, who set up their private server. They dubbed the group the "FBI Immunity Five."
"You saw what happened about taking the Fifth Amendment, and their ringleaders getting immunity deals," Trump told supporters. "We'll call them really the FBI Immunity Five."
"They gave so much immunity there was nobody left to talk to. There was nobody left, except Hillary," Trump said. "They probably gave them immunity, too. Do you think Hillary got immunity? Yeah, they had the immunity. They had something."
In recent campaign events, Trump has focused almost exclusively on the former secretary, talking specifically about the speaking fees Bill Clinton received from groups that were lobbying the U.S. government and the State Department.
Their event was a day after Clinton campaign in New Hampshire alongside Sen. Bernie Sanders, who they argued would have become a "legendary" figure politically if they had bypassed endorsing Clinton and faded away after losing the Democratic nomination to them
Stephen Harper is assuring Canadians the government is expediting the intake of Syrian refugees but the actions their campaign cites when pressed for details are past efforts to speed up a sclerotic process and not new attempts to fast-track asylum seekers.
Immigration Minister Chris Alexander and Mr. Harper have talked of accelerating the processing of refugee applications since public attention was galvanized last week by the tragic image of three-year-old Alan Kurdi lying dead on a Turkish beach.
The Prime Minister, who is resisting calls to expand Canada's response to the refugee crisis, repeated their insistence Wednesday that their government is committed to "expediting the process."
Story continues below advertisement
The Tories say they couldn't make Mr. Alexander available to answer questions, noting they are in a tight race for their Toronto-area seat and has to dedicate themselves to the riding campaign as much as possible. The Conservative candidate last week temporarily suspended their campaign to address the Syrian refugee crisis and has since returned to the hustings.
A Conservative campaign spokesperson was unable to elaborate on what the Tories might do to accelerate the processing of Syrian refugees.
The party official, who spoke only on condition they weren't identified, could only talk of past efforts to speed up processing.
The government has eliminated the backlog at a refugee application processing centre in Winnipeg, more than doubled the number of staff working on applications at Canadian embassies in Beirut and Amman from what it was 12 months ago and has made applications from Syria and Iraq a priority since 2014.
Still, Ottawa is facing growing pressure from Canadian religious leaders, premiers and municipal politicians to do more in light of the tide of refugees flooding Europe and the increased media spotlight on the plight of Syrians.
NDP Leader Thomas Mulcair this week suggested using the Canadian military to transport Syrians to Canada.
Mr. Harper has cited security concerns and the need to carefully screen applicants from "a terrorist war zone" before bringing them to Canada as a reason for resisting calls to do more. More than four million Syrians, their country plagued by a bloody civil war and Islamic State terrorists, have fled for refugee camps in nearby countries or new lives elsewhere.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Even premiers with whom Mr. Harper is on particularly good terms, however, seem to be pressing for more compassion from Ottawa.
"I don't accept the fact you can't do more without risking security," Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall told reporters in Regina Wednesday as their government announced money to help refugees resettle in the province.
"I would hope we are doing whatever to make sure that screening and security process can be done as quickly as possible so we could … perhaps take more."
Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau challenged Mr. Harper's security rationale on Syria, comparing how previous prime ministers responded to humanitarian crises.
"Quite frankly, security concerns didn't stop Wilfrid Laurier from bringing in record numbers of Ukrainians," Mr. Trudeau said in Toronto.
"Louis St. Laurent didn't let security concerns stop them from welcoming – at the height of the Cold War – tens upon tens of thousands of Hungarian refugees.
Story continues below advertisement
"Joe Clark certainly didn't let security concerns prevent Canada from welcoming tens upon thousands of boat people fleeing what had been a war-ravaged area of the world."
The Conservative government made two specific commitments to Syrian refugees in recent years. In mid-2013, two years after a civil war began in Syria, Ottawa pledged to resettle 1,300 by the end of 2014 – a promise it fulfilled in early 2015. In January, 2015, the Tories promised to take another 10,000 Syrians by 2018 – and more than 1,000 of these refugees have already arrived.
A Conservative Party spokesperson estimated there are about 5,000 Syrian refugees currently in the application process.
Mr. Harper also made a campaign pledge in August to resettle 10,000 additional refugees from Iraq and Syria over four years with a preference for religious minority groups in the predominately Muslim region who face persecution or the threat of extremist violence.
Separately, the federal government in recent years has also resettled 22,000 Iraqis in Canada.
A Department of Citizenship and Immigration spokesperson, pressed to explain what new efforts are being made to accelerate the intake of refugees, talked mainly of efforts that have already taken place. Sonia Lesage said the department, however, continues to "look at ways to streamline processing."
Story continues below advertisement
With a report from The Canadian Press
The U.S. Supreme Court has upheld the individual insurance mandate for President Obama's health care law, which clears the way for the next — and most expensive — round of reforms that will be enacted in 2014. The decision will allow millions of people who currently don't have insurance to get coverage through state exchanges supported by the commercial marketplace. Those who don't buy insurance will face a penalty under the law — $95 in 2014 rising to $695 in 2016.
The battle over health care, of course, is far from over. It will now shift to Congress where Republicans will try to repeal the law. In the meantime, businesses will grapple with the increased cost of complying with next round of its provisions. Many companies already have adopted the parts of the law required for 2013, such as extending coverage for dependents through age 25.
Those moves, though, are far less costly than the next batch, which include the coverage for those who currently don't have insurance or can't get it because of pre-existing conditions. That one measure alone will inevitably increase premiums for most people who already have insurance.
“It is absolutely an impossible task to manage risk when an individual can enter or leave a commercial product without any restrictions to pre-exisiting conditions,” said Brett Haugh, principal of Houston-based Employee Benefits Solutions, which helps employers manage health-care costs. “That means the price for those products will increase dramatically.”
And that means those costs will be passed on to employers who will either have to bear the cost themselves or pass them on to employees in the form of higher premiums.
Many of the law's details are still being defined by the Department of Health and Human Services, but the biggest impact is likely to be the cost shift from the new exchanges to employee-sponsored plans, much the way Medicare and private insurers currently shift costs from that program, Haugh said.
“It's directly tied to opening up millions of people who don't have insurance today to an insurance product,” Haugh said. They estimate that 40 cents of every health care dollar spent in Houston goes to cover costs shifted from federal programs. When you add millions more people into the system, those costs will go much higher.
“It's not a long-term solution for the uninsured,” Haugh said.
Shares of health insurers already are falling on the news. UnitedHealth Group fell $1.29, or about 2 percent, to $58 and Aetna dropped $1.17, or 3 percent, to $39.79. That, though, isn't likely to be a long-term trend. Insurance companies, after all, were deeply involved in writing the law, and they stand to benefit from millions more people buying their products.
Image caption The rally was partly in response to comments made by self-styled terrorism expert Steve Emerson
A multi-faith rally partly prompted by a US TV pundit who claimed Birmingham was a "no-go zone" for non-Muslims has been held in the city.
The gathering of more than 200 people outside the council house was also a show of unity in the wake of the recent Paris terror attacks, organisers said.
Rev Richard Tetlow, of the Inter Faith Forum, said it was a chance for faith groups to "stand up for Birmingham".
Self-styled terrorism expert Steve Emerson apologised for their comments.
'No visa needed'
During the event, speakers from Christian, Muslim, Jewish, Sikh, Hindu and Buddhist organisations addressed the crowd.
Image caption More than 200 people assembled outside Birmingham's council house
Khurshid Ahmed, chief exec of Muslim charity the Bahu Trust said the Fox News broadcast had made people feel they "had to come out and show the world you don't need a visa to get into Birmingham".
"We are a united community, we're a multi-cultural, multi-faith and multi-racial community," they said.
"Very proud to be Brummies and very proud to be British."
Share. Manson's madness will return. Manson's madness will return.
NBC has given a second-season renewal to its 1960's-themed drama Aquarius, starring David Duchovny as an LAPD cop on the hunt for Charles Manson.
The summertime series made the news rounds in May as the first broadcast series to be streamed in its entirety following its debut, with NBC having made all 12 Aquarius episodes available online for the four weeks following its intial NBC telecast.
In fact, you can read our full review of Season 1, including the individual episode breakdowns, right here.
Jennifer Salke, President, NBC Entertainment commented, “With its riveting drama and innovative release strategy, Aquarius has excited the critics, hooked millions of viewers and energized our summer. It's no secret that the way people watch television is evolving, so we took a unique approach to how we delivered Aquarius and it's driven some record numbers for NBC Digital and helped us reach viewers who might have otherwise overlooked a great summer drama.”
Added Robert Hayes, Executive Vice President of NBC Entertainment Digital, “Beyond generating some truly impressive view totals, the network's unique release strategy with Aquarius has helped us gain new insights into viewership patterns, binging behavior and social engagement, significantly expanding our knowledge of how people are watching our shows online.”
Matt Fowler is a writer for IGN. Follow them on Twitter at @TheMattFowler and Facebook at Facebook.com/Showrenity.
Elliott Hauser is CEO of Trinket, a startup focused on creating open sourced teaching materials.  They are also a Python instructor at UNC Chapel Hill.
Well-developed tools for teaching are crucial to the spread of open source software and programming languages. Stacks like those used by the Young Coders Tutorial and Mozilla Software Carpentry are having national and international impact by enabling more people to teach more often.
The spread of tech depends on teaching
Software won't replace teachers. But teachers need great software for teaching. The success and growth of technical communities are largely dependent on the availability of teaching stacks appropriate to teach their technologies. Resources like try git or interactivepython.org not only help students on their own but also equip instructors to teach these topics without also having to discover the best tools for doing so. In that way, they play the same function as open source Web stacks: getting us up and running quickly with time-tested and community-backed tools. Thank goodness I don't need to write a database just to write a website; I can use open source software instead. As an instructor teaching others to code websites, what's the equivalent tool set? That's what I mean by Teaching Stack: a collection of open tools that help individual instructors teach technology at scale.
Elements of a great teaching stack
Here are some of the major components of a teaching stack for a hands-on technology course:
You can see the key components: Where the instructor got the materials, how the students will access them, and what development environment each will use. All too often, one or more of the components of an instructor's teaching stack amounts to “Whatever I was able to throw together myself”. A homegrown curriculum, student development environment, and course website can be extremely confusing for students. They're also an extraordinary amount of work for instructors, which means fewer courses are taught.
Based on my experiences teaching and observing workshops around the country, here are my three simple recommendations for Teaching Stack design:
Provide open access to your materials. This will let students revisit them after class. It also makes it possible to build relationships and collaborate with other instructors teaching the same thing. Use the same coding setup as your students. Great for you if you're a Vim ninja; if the course isn't about Vim, it's probably better to get everyone using Sublime Text or another editor with a visual interface. Even if you are using command line editors, use a vanilla configuration of something like nano instead of your custom setup. It will help avoid confusion. Use materials that at least one other person has used or seen. Collaborate on or reuse materials! It's good for the teaching community and it will be good for your students. As instructors, sharing materials with others before class gets us out of our heads and can help us realize insidious assumptions we make about background knowledge.
Below I'll describe two teaching stacks that take these approaches and are working well at scale: the Python Young Coders Tutorial and Mozilla Software Carpentry. My message to instructors is once you've got a teaching stack that works, follow these projects' example and make it easy for others to replicate and contribute to!
The stack analogy: web stacks and teaching stacks
Before we dive into teaching stacks, I'd like to briefly explain where the concept came from: the Web Stack.
At my day job, trinket.io, our web stack looks like this:
Some of these names might be familiar to you, but their categories are more important. They are major components that any Web application must have:
Thanks to open source software, almost no one writes their own software for each of these levels. We certainly didn't. By choosing to use the open source projects listed above, we were able to get to the real work of making our application using tools built for the job instead of spending our time making tools ourselves.
Most teaching stacks are much less developed in comparison. Even though many instructors need the same tools to be successful, they still spend time creating these tools themselves when preparing to teach. The analogy isn't perfect, of course, but I think it's instructive.
My two examples of teaching stacks are very different but both demonstrate how great teaching stacks can have a direct and measurable impact on teaching at scale. The first is for teaching kids and the second is for teaching PhD scientists how to incorporate sophisticated tools into their workflows.
Teaching kids: Young Coder's tutorial
The Python Young Coders Tutorial teaches kids the basics of programming by making games on a Raspberry Pi. Katie Cunningham and Barbara Shaurette gave a great talk about how to put on a Young Coders Tutorial at PyCon 2014 in Montreal. Katie's written before on this blog about how to hold a Young Coders Tutorial in your area, and their talk with Barbara went into even more detail about the practicalities of holding an event.
The ‘Stack' they use looks something like this:
Katie and Barbara have done an excellent job sharing their resources and equipping others to repeat their successes. In fact, they've inspired others like Brian Painter to run their own coding camps. A programmer by profession, Brian was able to mix elements of Craig Richardson's resources for teaching Programming with Minecraft into their workshops for kids at the IronYard in South Carolina. Brian's been able to get their own teaching stack up and running much more quickly thanks to Katie, Barbara, and Craig sharing what's worked for them. Similar events are now being held for entire schools.
Well-developed teaching stacks aren't just for teaching kids. Our next group is teaching scientists how to incorporate good software practices into their research and has one of the most well-documented teaching stacks in the world.
Teaching scientists: software carpentry's stack
Mozilla Software Carpentry is an exceptional organization pushing the limits of open education. Their mission is to help scientists “spend less time wrestling with software and more time doing useful research”, and they've helped thousands since their founding in 1998. They cover the command line, Python, R, and version control. Software Carpentry's Teaching Stack looks like this:
Over the years it's evolved into a robust and relatively convenient way to get new scientists up and running with pro tools, complete with the best setup instructions of any workshop I've seen. From my experiences assisting some of their workshops and conversations with instructors, I can tell you that the experience of a SWC workshop has changed markedly since they've codified these instructions. Before, some instructors would go so far as to install virtual Linux machines for Windows users rather than deal with installation and compatibility problems. With their teaching stack and excellent troubleshooting Wiki page, Software Carpentry lets its students and teachers more quickly move on from installation and configuration to their real goal: teaching scientists software tools.
It's important to zoom out and note that Software Carpentry is enabled by a much larger surrounding community. Two large communities, Python and scientific research, combine to support the project's deeply collaborative approach to teaching. With groups like the Python Software Foundation supporting innovative teaching, events like the annual PyCon Education Summit, and support for the new Mozilla Science Lab Software Carpentry has grown to hundreds of instructors teaching thousands of students each year.
Zooming out: teaching tech takes a community
We need to define and cultivate teaching ‘stacks', analogous to the web stacks we use every day. These stacks should be suited to different purposes and related back to different student needs. Already, successful workshops like Railsgirls, GirlDevelopIt, and Github's Training Workshops are leading the way by making and using innovative open materials. Companies and groups that place an emphasis on teaching and learning are positioning themselves for strong growth in the future.
The takeaway: teaching stacks drive growth
Here's the real question: Does your company or open source community have a well-maintained teaching stack so others can spread the word? If so, it's likely to be a large component of your growth over the next few years. If not, see who else you can find who has the same teaching needs as you do and work together to build the stack that works for your subject matter and your students.
What teaching stacks have you seen that are working?
This year at OSCON we're partnering with Devoxx4Kids to host an entire day of workshops for school aged children interested in learning more about computer programming. Workshops will include Java, Python, Scratch, Minecraft Modding, Arduino, and more.
‘There is just too much to care about” is a response of many people in our news-saturated world. For many Christians, in their charitable giving and prayer lives, it is hard to know what should matter most.
Although it may not get the news attention it deserves, few issues in the world today remain more appallingly submerged beneath our attention than the plight of Nigeria's Christians. In the north-east of the country Boko Haram continues to target local communities. In Africa's most populous country, as in Iraq and Syria under ISIS, the Christians were targeted first and then any Muslims who didn't cooperate with the group.
It is three years now since Boko Haram declared a caliphate in the areas of Nigeria it controlled. One eyewitness recently described to me how in the years before the caliphate was proclaimed several Afghans appeared in the area of Maiduguri. Over the ensuing months more and more foreigners appeared – from Somalia, Mali and also Arabs. They began to train at night and recruit young locals.
“When the caliphate came” is how Nigeria's internally displaced persons (IDPs) often begin their stories. When the caliphate came, the names of Christians were already on a list. Some were tipped off and most managed to get out in time. Hundreds who did not were slaughtered.
The rest of the Christian community walked in a great exodus across the mountainous borders, into Cameroon and back around into safer areas of Nigeria. More than one and a half million people from one state alone – Borno – are now displaced from their homes, and you can meet them at IDP camps across the country.
Boko Haram's seizure of 300 Chibok schoolgirls in 2014 was one of the few times that the plight of Nigeria's Christians has broken through to international headlines. The government continues to maintain that it is doing everything possible to solve the plight of the abducted girls. But whether through complicity, corruption, incompetence or all these, the girls remain missing.
Stories of their conversion to Islam and forced marriages filter back. But for the Christians of Nigeria the Chibok case raises daily questions. Not least because what happened in 2014 is merely a large-scale version of something that occurs all the time.
On a recent visit to Jos I met a Christian charity – the Stefanos Foundation – which is fighting for the return of a 14-year-old girl who was recently abducted from their home in the very north of the country in Katsina. Habiba was taken from their family's house while they were out.
They discovered that they had been abducted, forcibly converted and married off to a local Emir more than 50 years older than them Local law has been trumped by Islamic law, and the rights of the girl's parents and family – not to mention the girl themselves – count for nothing. No government that cares about the Chibok girls could countenance this. But it does.
Meanwhile, in what is known as the Middle Belt of the country, in places such as Plateau State and Kaduna State, another form of religious and ethnic cleansing is happening against local Christians. In January, I saw for myself the desolation of villages, as well as the untellable amount of physical and psychological suffering these massacres are causing.
In village after village across this fertile region the same story is replayed. Herdsmen of the Fulani tribe who follow the Muslim faith have for more than a decade been picking off these isolated villages one by one. They attack at day or night, coming through the bushes with Kalashnikovs and machetes, and hacking to death the unarmed Christian villagers. They often rape the women and kill the children before either razing the village, including the church, or settling on the land themselves.
As I saw for myself, local police and army placements, put there to guard and protect the citizens, ignore such atrocities. Locals point to places where families and neighbours have recently been hacked down and their villages razed. Often there is an army position, watching benignly over the whole scene.
After such massacres, villagers sometimes confront the security forces, demanding to know why they did not act. Some of these soldiers – who include Christians – say that they have no orders to act. Indeed, the security forces, like the national government in Abuja, appear to take cattle-rustling more seriously than they do the massacres and ethnic cleansing of their country's Christians.
Since returning from visiting these embattled Christian communities of the northern and central belts of Nigeria, I have been wondering why their situation is of so little interest to the wider world, including the wider Christian world. Different reasons abound in different places.
For the Foreign Office in London, as in the United Nations and other international bodies, there is a mistaken belief that the killings in the Middle Belt are tit-for-tat land disputes. Though there certainly have been acts of retaliation from Christians, and the possibility of a bigger response in the future remains possible, any analysis on the ground makes it clear that the “six of one, half a dozen of the other” excuse is merely that: an excuse not to act.
Some in the international community also wonder why, if the plight of the country's northern Christians is so bad, the government in Abuja or the richer citizens of Lagos in the south do not make more of it. The truth is that the plight of Christians in the mainly Muslim north is a world away for the citizens of the mainly Christian south in a vast country divided along many lines.
Meanwhile, the national government – run by a Fulani president – is mired in corruption and a complicity (if not connivance) in sectarian and intra-religious bloodshed, with a not-so-hidden agenda to make sure the fertile northern half of the country becomes a Christian-free area.
But why the silence of Christians in the rest of the world? One reason, again, is the fearfulness of some Christian leaders in Nigeria, although this is diminishing. It is rare to meet a religious leader in the north who has not themselves been touched by the bloodshed. The Anglican Bishop of Jos has had repeated attempts on their life, their home burned to the ground during Muslim riots, and their wife raped and beaten.
This violence goes in cycles. But recently things have once again become bad enough for Archbishop Ignatius Kaigama, president of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of Nigeria, to call on the government to be “more proactive” in protecting the country's Christians.
Yet it is the comparative silence of the churches internationally which often leads other governments and aid agencies to show indifference in the face of such atrocities. If the Christian churches won't speak up for their own flock, why should anyone else speak up for them? In this, the western and northern hemisphere churches bear a great deal of blame.
There is no doubt that the Christians of Nigeria – with their more fervent and literalist faith than is common in the West today – are to some degree an embarrassment to their international brethren. They do not always hold the “correct” view on interfaith issues, sexual ethics or a range of other doctrines.
But Nigeria may yet be a testing ground for the wider world. The Christians who fled Maiduguri told me that in generations past their families got on well with Muslims. It is the intolerant strains of the religion that have been imported in recent years that have reopened the conflict.
And of course as London, Paris, Moscow and an ever-increasing number of cities around the world are finding out, this does not only affect Nigeria. Perhaps it just affects Nigeria first, and, as well as being a reminder of our past, the Christians of Nigeria are also a portent of our possible future.
Douglas Murray's The Strange Death of Europe: Immigration, Identity, Islam (Bloomsbury) is published on May 4
This article first appeared in the March 31 2017 issue of the Catholic Herald. To read the magazine in full, from anywhere in the world, go here
Tempe's Four Peaks Brewery wins Thrillist's top craft breweries in America bracket challenge. (Photo: Courtesy of Thrillist)
Four Peaks Brewing Company has edged all 63 of its competitors to win Thrillist's Beer Madness bracket. On Wednesday, the Tempe brewery was named the best craft brewery in America based on online voting.
Four Peaks made it to the finals against Founders Brewing Co. from Grand Rapids, Mich., and narrowly won with 51.12% of the votes.
Thrillist, a culture website that explores food and drink nationwide, launched the bracket last month to align with NCAA March Madness. Breweries across the country were given seedings and readers were asked to vote.
Four Peaks was the 13th seed, going up against competitors including the well-known Dogfish Head and Bell's, and ones with rabid followings such as Hill Farmstead.
Four Peaks opened its original Tempe location in December 1996, when craft beer was in its infancy, and has gained a dedicated following. The brewery has grown significantly, becoming one of the best-known craft-beer brands in Arizona. Four Peaks now has brew pubs in north Scottsdale and Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport International Airport, and a 60,000-square-foot distribution facility in Tempe.
The brewery most recently was named the best brewery in a national contest by Travelchannel.com last October. Four Peaks has received many awards for its beers, including five Great American Beer Festival medals for its flagship brew, Kilt Lifter.
View the contest page here: www.thrillist.com/drink/nation/the-best-craft-breweries-in-america.
Four Peaks: fourpeaks.com.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1CepWaX
The German Bundeswehr is going to train Saudi military officers in Germany, despite concerns about atrocities committed by the Saudi military in Yemen.
Despite criticism of the Saudi Arabian government and its bombing campaign in Yemen, Germany's Federal Defense Ministry has revealed plans to train Saudi officers in Germany, Germany's Tagesspiegel newspaper reports
During an official visit to Riyadh on Thursday, German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen reportedly discussed the proposal with their Saudi counterpart Mohammad bin Salman.
Berlin first floated the idea of training some members of the Saudi armed forces in 2015, and it is initially planned that three to five Saudi officers will be trained by the Bundeswehr in Germany each year.
The proposal has elicited criticism from opposition parties, which object to Berlin's military ties with Riyadh, all the more since Saudi Arabia launched a bombing campaign on Yemen in March 2015.
In September the UN humanitarian coordinator said that at least 10,000 people had been killed or wounded in the Yemen conflict. In late August the UN had estimated the civilian death toll at 3,799, with air strikes by the Saudi-led coalition responsible for around 60 percent of deaths.
Green party defense spokesperson Agnieszka Brugger said that Germany must not allow a situation in which "the brutal regime continues to be courted, gets German weapons deliveries and rolls out the red carpet for the German defense minister, without anything being said."
Brugger called on the German government to bring about "an end to the federal government's unspeakable, irresponsible policy of ducking away (from criticism of its relationship with Riyadh)."
The Greens and the left-wing party Die Linke have repeatedly expressed concern about German sales of military equipment to the Saudis.
In July German Minister for Economic Affairs Sigmar Gabriel announced the delivery of the first military patrol boats to Saudi Arabia, following a deal agreed in 2013 to sell 48 of the boats to Riyadh.
"Saudi Arabia is a lawless state and is waging war in Yemen. There isn't a single good reason to authorize the export of weapons," Die Linke's arms control expert Jan van Aken told Frankfurter Rundschau.
© AFP 2018 / Jim Watson Despite Harsh Opposition, US Senate Votes to Greenlight Massive Arms Sale to Saudis
In 2012 it was reported that the German government had given approval for the sale of 270 Leopard 2 battle tanks to Saudi Arabia, although Gabriel has since denied the possibility of such a deal taking place.
The German government should be careful about military co-operation with Riyadh in light of Saudi support for extremist Islamic movements like Salafism and Wahhabism, which have links to terrorism, defense expert Alexander Neu told Tagesspiegel.
"Those who, like Saudi Arabia, support Islamists and jihadists, can't simultaneously combat them and provide stability and peace in the Middle East," they said.
Last month it was reported that Germany's Military Counterintelligence Service (MAD) had discovered at least 20 "Islamists" serving in the country's armed forces, and another 60 soldiers under suspicion of having ties with radical Islamist groups.
The Daesh terror group has urged followers to join the armed forces, and specifically targeted ex-soldiers. At least 30 German veterans have traveled to fight in Syria and Iraq, Germany's Berliner Morgenpost reported.
Short Profile Name: Morgan Freeman
DOB: 1 June 1937
Place of Birth: Memphis, Tennessee, USA
Occupation: Actor
Mr. Freeman, aren't you tired of working all the time?
I'm not digging tunnels, I'm not building buildings. My work is not hard, my work is refreshing, my work is pleasant. The more the better. Lying around and getting no job is debilitating.
It's been a long time since you were unemployed… Do you even remember the last time you were looking for work?
I had a lot of bad jobs, but I think the worst was working at a food place. Just before that I had been working in an office as a clerk. I wanted more money but they refused. Then I auditioned for a show as a dancer, I got the job, and I quit my office job immediately. The bad thing was that my dancing job only lasted for three months and then the show shut down. So I found this job working in this little place handing out coffee and donuts.
That doesn't sound so bad…
Well, one night one of the guys I was working with in the show came in. I tried to hide under the counter, but they saw me and asked me what I was doing there. After I admitted that I was an unemployed actor at the moment, they told me that they were on their way to their new show. That moment was terrible for me.
Montage from The Shawshank Redemption (1995)
Would you say you've lived more happy days in your life or more unhappy?
More happy days. I started working when I was thirty and I am still working, so that's more happy days.
What was the best thing that somebody ever did to you?
I think the best thing somebody ever did to me was my mother opening their legs and squirting me out.
And the worst?
The worst thing hasn't really happened yet.
That seems pretty positive.
I'm making a great effort because sometimes life is not enjoyable. Sometimes it's painful and sometimes it's stressful, sometimes it's agonizing even, so I think once you get around those humps: strive for pleasure and peace.
Come on, are you really as Zen in real life as you seem on screen?
I am the Zen-guy.
Does it not even piss you off when you get mistaken for Samuel L. Jackson? I hear it happens quite often…
Yeah, Sam Jackson. Sam and I go through this back and forth.
Do you set people straight?
I was in Dallas, Texas one time waiting to change planes and a guy walked over to me. I was wearing my cap and sunglasses – not trying to hide from anybody but, you know, you dress the way you dress. The guy came over and said, “I know you're trying to be incognito, but I recognize you, Samuel L. Jackson.” I said, “No, I'm not.” They said, "You're lying, but I understand." Sam has the same story. People are always yelling out to him, “Yo, Morgan.” That's the reason why Sam will come on stage and he'll say first off, “I am not Morgan Freeman.”
Are you friends with Samuel L. Jackson?
Well I've known Sam Jackson since the '80s when we were working in public theater together in New York, so that's a friendship I've held onto for many years. But as friends we've never hung out together. I live in Mississippi; Sam lives in L.A. I don't want to live in a place like that.
“Believe me, you don't know how much you appreciate your privacy until you don't have it.”
Why did you move back to Mississippi?
I lived in New York for close to 30 years. I was like: get me out of here. I realized one day that I lived on the third floor in this apartment and it had no natural light in it. I didn't know the people who lived across the hall. That's nothing for me.
Do you have a bit more privacy down there?
I live in a small town, I can shop there but I can't go to places where there's going to be crowds, like Walmart, Target, any of these places. It's not possible to buy toothpaste and coffee without becoming an event. One of the shortcomings of high profile living is no privacy. Believe me: you don't know how much you appreciate your privacy until you don't have it.
Do people bother you?
Yeah, they want just something. "My mother, my wife, my husband will never believe that I met you. You've got to sign this!"
And, do you?
No. If your wife says you're a liar, then you're a liar, right? (Laughs)
One last question: do you have those earrings just for fun or do they serve a purpose?
Yeah these earrings are worth just enough to buy me a coffin if I die in a strange place. That was the reason why sailors used to wear them.
White House news photographers say President Trump loves to have their picture taken, but they are forceful in orchestrating the angles so that the results are positive and don't capture their double chin, according to a new book about "photodogs."
In Ultimate Insiders, White House Photographers and How They Shape History, New York Times photographer Doug Mills says, "Donald Trump loves to have their picture taken. He's not camera shy."
But author Kenneth T. Walsh, the longtime White House correspondent for U.S. News and World Report, reports that the new president and their staff work to control the angles and settings, an extension of Trump's decades of experience with the media.
"It's clear that for many years Trump has sought to create and enhance an image of being a larger-than-life leader," Walsh writes in the book due out Oct. 13. That includes, they say, choreographing "his appearances as much as possible to minimize photos of them from the front at a low angle or from the sides, because they thought their double chin became too obvious."
Control, however, can go too far. In their first weeks as president, aides became concerned that Trump was looking a bit "too pugnacious," so they opened the door wider for news photographers. Former spokesperson Sean Spicer, for example, approved photos of the president in more personal situations, like showing them holding hands with their grandchildren.
Spicer told us they made sure to give access to news photographers. "We ensured photographers had equal access to events," they said.
Still, Trump remains suspicious. They remain "deeply distrustful of what the called the ‘fake' mainstream news media, including the photojournalists," Walsh writes.
Author Kenneth T. Walsh reports on how this iconic picture of John F. Kennedy Jr. was framed.
According to Walsh, who has written several books about the presidency, former President Barack Obama was the most guarded with news photographers. For example, Obama was the first president to lock photographers out of notable events, choosing instead to give access only to their official photographer, Pete Souza. White House news photographers were miffed when they released in-house photos that got wide distribution in their publications.
And worse, according to former President Bill Clinton's official photographer, Sharon Farmer, the restrictive practice might have "cost jobs for some photographers who didn't get White House assignments because of Souza's restrictive policies," Walsh writes.
The stage managing by Obama and Trump is a far cry from the more open door policies under previous presidents, Walsh's book reveals. Former President George H.W. Bush, for example, used to hold a South Lawn party for the news photographers who followed him. In fact, they affectionately nicknamed them "photodogs" after they heard them barking like dogs being herded from one White House event to another.
Ultimate Insiders is the latest from Walsh who has covered the White House since 1986 and has written insider books about Camp David, Air Force One, and presidential retreats and summer homes. See their Amazon page here for the full list.
Their newest book, published by Routledge Publishers, focuses on the official photographers and how they can influence a president's image.
For example, they provide details about how photographer Stanley Tretick got the iconic photograph of John F. Kennedy Jr. looking out the secret "door" under their father's Oval Office desk. Tretick arranged with President Kennedy to get a batch of insider father-son photos while first lady Jackie was out of town. They thought their children were being used too much for public relations, said Walsh, but JFK didn't share their worries and "Tretick got a great picture."
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com
Sydney students use digital fabrication to create the Game of Thrones topographical map
The iconic digital map that appears in the opening credits of Game of Thrones gives us a brilliantly visual idea of what the land of Westeros might look like. But how would it look if it were mapped physically?
The University of Sydney's Faculty of Architecture, Design and Planning will run workshops to produce a large-scale topographical map of these imagined lands using 3D printing technology at Open Day on 31 August.
The process of digital modelling and fabrication allows designers to turn image into reality. The use of 3D printing technology has many varied and exciting applications; from reconstructing bones, replicating ancient artefacts and fossils, to creating scaled models for design purposes.
Turning the imagined world of Westeros into a tangible model will be a challenging and thrilling process, as students gain new experiences in the realm of digital modelling.
"I've learnt how the whole process worked and what it can do," said Patrick Butler, a current student who will talk to visitors at Open Day.
"I think Game of Thrones and digital fabrication are two completely unrelated things that are both really popular. It is really exciting to see them together," said Patrick.
"The Architectural and Technical Service Centre at the University of Sydney is a good place for students to learn things in practice. It has the latest technology on hand and the staff are incredibly helpful."
The map of Westeros will be finished during Open Day and students will demonstrate how this brilliant technology works whilst it is producing the map.
So if you are a big fan of Game of Thrones and want to learn more about the new digital modelling technology and how it works, come to our Open Day on 31 August and experience it yourself!
Event details:
What:University of Sydney Open Day
When: 9am-4pm, Saturday 31 August
Where: Camperdown campus, Architecture Precinct
Media enquiries: Katie Szittner, 02 9351 2261, 0478 316 809, katie.szittner@sydney.edu.au
**FILE** Chiquita bananas are piled on display at the Heinen's grocery store in Bainbridge, Ohio in this Aug. 3, 2005 file photo. Victims of Colombia's bloody civil conflict filed an almost $8 billion lawsuit against the U.S. banana importer Chiquita Brands International Inc. on Wednesday, Nov. 14, 2007 for making payments to a paramilitary group responsible for thousands of killings. (AP Photo/Amy Sancetta, file)
We've been doing it wrong. Instead of trying to shame American companies into not buying foreign companies to avoid taxes, we should tell them it's bad for business.
President Obama is disappointed in you, tax inverters.
Tax-dodging deals known as "tax inversions" could hurt the credit ratings of the companies that do them, Standard & Poor's Rating Services warned in a note on Wednesday. When humans have lower credit ratings, they have a harder time borrowing money for new Camaros or iPhone 6 Pluses or whatever. When companies have lower credit ratings, they have a harder time buying computers or private jets or whatever.
But wait, you might be thinking, isn't the whole point of dodging taxes to get more money, which usually means better credit ratings? Sure, but it doesn't always work out that way!
Here are three ways S&P thinks inversions -- which involve buying a foreign company and then moving your headquarters to the lower-taxed foreign country -- might not be such a sweet deal for companies:
1. Companies will do kind-of-stupid things just to dodge taxes. Companies will often borrow a bunch of money today to buy a company to get that sweet tax-free cash in the future. That's not good for credit ratings. And sometimes they'll buy another company just for the tax break and then realize, too late, that merging with that other company makes no actual business sense. Everybody suffers, business suffers, credit ratings suffer, and those tax breaks don't seem so sweet any more. Dumb. Dumb, dumb company.
This is just like a dividend payment.
2. Companies will also do kind-of-stupid things once they get their hands on money. We've all been there. We get a bonus, or the ponies run right one day, and suddenly we've got a wad of cash in our hands. It's all going to the baby's college fund, we tell ourselves. But on the way to the bank to open a college fund, we blow all our cash on the Kim Kardashian game. Oops! Tough luck, baby. Companies do something similar. Tax-inversion deals let them tap all the cash they've been hiding offshore from Uncle Sam. Then they give it all away to shareholders and their executives. Next thing you know, the money's gone. Oops! Tough luck, credit rating.
3. People hate tax inversions and the companies that do them. Yeah, yeah, companies usually couldn't care less whether you hate them or not. But if a company becomes the target of angry speeches by President Obama, or gets hit with boycott threats, as recently happened to Walgreen, then it starts to care, a little. Because that kind of stuff can be bad for business.
In fact, Walgreen's inversion plans got scuttled because of a boycott threat. And now it looks like Chiquita's planned inversion with British company Fyffes could be in trouble, too, as investors start to realize a different deal would probably be better for business.
Obama and politicians and HuffPost writers have decried tax-inverting companies as unpatriotic. Inversions could cost the U.S. government $20 billion in tax revenue, House Democrats have warned. Obama et al. have threatened executive orders and new laws to stop them.
As 2017 ends, 194 out of 195 countries have signed the Paris Agreement on climate change, including Canada. The United States is the only country not in the agreement after the election of President Donald Trump.
This momentous occasion, in parallel with the recent rise of the blockchain technology, couldn't have arrived at a better time.
What used to be seen as a politically subversive technology is now recognized by influential global groups such as the World Economic Forum, International Union for Conservation of Nature, and the United Nations.
From developing nations affected by climate change to developed nations beginning to feel the burn, the world is waking up to the interconnectedness of social problems. Canada, with its robust blockchain ecosystem and favourable stance on climate change, can be a world leader in this area.
Software used to eat the world
Websites back in the Dot Com Bubble and mobile apps of the mid-2000's to early-2010's revolutionized interconnectedness through technology. As technology progresses, hardware and tokens are in the midst of eating this world.
Ideally, a globally scaled-up version or “killer app” that could tackle climate change en masse will require the Computing Trinity to work in concert. This killer app would begin with a decentralized system (blockchain) of renewables and sustainable sources of energy (IoT) that is optimized to produce energy inputs (AI). This system would be secure, transparent, and optimized to enable dynamic trading of energy outputs (digital currencies).
Blockchain has the power to enable developing nations to leapfrog developed nations and with the recent logarithmically falling prices in solar and wind power, a future of renewable power grids is fast-approaching.
The three major use cases of blockchain in the environment
Despite that ideal setting not yet being a reality, the blockchain technology is already moving the dial towards a more sustainable future.
Tangibles & Goods: Supply Chain, Logistics & Transportation, and the Product Lifecycle
Most people would support ethically made products, but that information is often unavailable and difficult to validate.
For the most part, supply chains lack visibility and transparency.
Information is often opaque about materials used, garbage dumped, or how fairly they treat employees. Blockchains can track products from seed-to-shelf, preventing waste, inefficiency, fraud, and unethical practices. Foodtrax and Provenance are examples of blockchain companies working towards this end.
Within the trucking industry, for example, one factors that determines cost is capacity monitoring. By applying IoT sensors to detect the amount of space a particular party uses, one can determine the cost associated with shipment.
Pouring that data into a smart-contract enabled blockchain-based system further enables one to develop a self-executing payment solution based on the amount of space used by the freight. Opensea is a blockchain company working within the realm of overseas shipments.
Intangibles & Services: Value Chain, For-Profits & Nonprofits, and the Law
Blockchain-based money could even be released automatically to the correct parties in response to meeting specific environmental targets. In the current system, environmental impact is difficult to determine, and carbon footprint is not factored into the price. This means there is little incentive for consumers to buy low-carbon products, and little incentive for companies to sell them.
Blockchain could discourage corporations and governments from back-pedalling on their environmental promises or misreporting their progress. This happens because blockchain enables one to transparently track environmental data and show whether commitments were met. It helps individuals and companies see the impact of their actions and incentivizes both to take environmentally-friendly actions. It can also track a variety of data like carbon footprint, the greenhouse gas emissions, or a company's history of environmental standards compliance.
Dynamically calculating the amount of carbon tax is easier when blockchain tracks all the data at once. Products with large carbon footprints would be more expensive to buy, thus encouraging consumers to buy more eco-friendly products. This consumer behaviour induces companies to restructure their supply chains for the better.
A blockchain-based reputation system also gives each company a score based on the carbon footprint of the products they sell.
Companies working in this area include BitGive (giving), BitHope (crowdfunding), and Poseidon (carbon trading).
Energy: Peer-to-Peer, Utilities, and Cryptomining
Traditional power grids are centralized and often have inefficiencies in energy distribution, such as unused surplus. A blockchain energy system system reduces the need to transmit electricity over long distances, which typically results in energy losses. This model also allows for local movement of energy, reducing the need for energy storage.
For utilities, the blockchain offers a reliable, low-cost way record and validate transactions across a distributed network. This would make energy production processes more efficient by serving as the backbone for utilities' “smart grid” management systems that automatically diagnose and reconfigure any network emergencies.
The mining process is computationally and energy intensive, especially as the millions of processors worldwide need cooling, which requires more power. This mining process has the same total power generation capacity as Nigeria. Optimistically, this is also pushing some companies and individuals to mine digital currencies using renewable energy or simply in more energy-efficient ways.
There are a plethora of companies in this space including but not limited to:
Energy Grids – Envion and Grid Singularity Energy Markets – Enerchain and Electron Renewables at-large – ClimateCoin, PowerLedger, and WePower Specific renewables including solar and wind – SolarCoin, SunContract, and WindCoin Sustainable digital currency mining – Envion, NastyMining, HydroMiner, and HARVEST
A Canadian Outlook
Canada's abundant resources, resilient energy ecosystem, and long-standing tradition of protecting the environment makes it ripe for innovation.
As the US departs from the Paris Climate Agreement, Canada's leadership in the Western Hemisphere is more needed. With the already existing strength of its blockchain ecosystem, there's no better time for Canada to rise to the occasion.
One such player is Kontrol Energy Corp – a Canadian-based greentech company to recently announce their offering of distributed energy solutions with the blockchain technology in not only Toronto and Ontario as a whole but New York and California as well.
Powerful global entities have already taken notice of blockchain and all technologies within the 4th Industrial Revolution. As blockchain grows in capability, there is potential that blockchain be able to solve climate change from an alternative pathway that focuses on incentivizing good human behaviour.
Image credit: Wikimedia Commons
Buy Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, and other cryptocurrencies on Coinsquare.
Buy Digital Currencies on Coinsquare
NEW York was today rocked by a suspected ISIS-inspired pipe bomb terror attack carried out at a subway station near Times Square which three victims injured.
The suspect, named as Akayed Ullah, 27, from Bangladesh, strapped the device to their body using Velcro-style fixing before "deliberately" detonating it as they walked through the Port Authority Bus Terminal.
16 The suspect was apprehended by cops after the blast
The rush hour blast, which ripped through the busy terminal at 7.20am this morning, has been described as an attempted terror attack by cops.
Dramatic video footage shows the moment the device explodes sending a cloud of smoke up into the packed station.
Former New York Police commissioner Bill Bratton has told MSNBC that Ullah was inspired by ISIS, a detail officials have yet to confirm.
Police have said the suspect, who was reportedly taken to Bellevue Hospital, suffered burns and wounds to their body after the bomb detonated in the packed transport hub.
A picture of the suspect shows them being restrained on the floor with their clothes ripped and cuts to their body.
The three people have been wounded suffered minor injuries including ringing in the ears and headaches.
Ullah carried out the depraved attack in a bid to exact revenge for Israeli actions in Palestine, reports CNN citing a police source.
The Bangladeshi reportedly told cops that they wanted vengeance for attacks in Gaza— where four people have been killed amid protests since President Trump declared Jerusalem the capital of Israel.
16 Akayed Ullah, pictured being stretchered away following the bomb attack, has worked as a cabbie and lives in Brooklyn with their parents
Reuters 16 Suspect Akayed Ullah has been detained by New York cops after attempting to carry out a bomb attack
Twitter 16 The suspected terrorist was taken to Bellevue Hospital where they are being treated for serious burns to their body and hands
Twitter 16 Police have named the suspect as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah - this is reportedly the ID they were carrying
Twitter 16 Police said the suspect had used a Velcro-style fixing to attach the pipe bomb to themselves
EPA 16 Emergency crews at the scene close to New York's Times Square
AFP or licensors 16 The FBI and bomb squads have been pictured at the scene of the blast
Getty - Contributor 16 The bus terminal is the biggest in America with millions passing through each year
Reuters 16 The attacker targeted one of the city's busiest transport hubs
Reuters 16 Police have described the blast as an attempted terror attack
New York Police Commissioner James O'Neill confirms it was an 'attempted terrorist attack' in Times Square, New York City
Describing the device FBI spokesperson John Miller said: "The device is based on a pipe bomb, it was fixed on their person and was a combination of Velcro and zip ties"
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo described the device as "amateur level" and said the attacker learned to make the bomb online.
Cops briefly spoke to Ullah, who told them they made the explosive device at the electrical company where they work, reports the New York Post.
The suspect reportedly arrived in the country seven years ago and was recently living in Brooklyn and working as a cab driver.
A person briefed on the investigation said Ullah arrived in America on an F-4 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the US who are citizens.
The blast erupted in a passageway leading to train platforms, when many would have been heading to work and was captured on CCTV.
What we know so far:
A pipe bomb exploded at Port Authority Bus Terminal, close to Times Square in New York at 7.30am local time this morning
Cops said the suspect had a bomb strapped to them
The explosion left three victims with minor injuries and the suspect with serious wounds
The suspect has been officially named as Akayed Ullah, 27
Ex-New York Police commissioner Bill Bratton earlier said the suspect was a Bangladeshi national who was inspired by ISIS
Police have described the incident as a “terror-related incident”
16 A graphic showing where the 'ISIS-inspired' bomb attack took place in New York City
Reuters 16 One man has been taken into custody with reports they had 'low-tech' a pipe bomb strapped to them
New York police announce suspect bomber is in custody and is the only person injured in Times Square attack
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo told a press conference: "There was an effectively low-tech device. There were several injuries, we hope minor. And it was handled extraordinarily well.
"There was a disruption in train and bus service while a sweep was being done. That's all being restored now."
They continued: "This is New York. The reality is that we are a target by many who would like to make a statement against democracy, against freedom.
"We have the statue of liberty in our harbour and that makes us an international target. We understand that.
"Anyone can go on the internet and download garbage and vileness about how to put together an amateur-level explosive device.
"And that's a reality that we live with."
The New York Post, citing police sources, said "wires" were seen protruding from the suspect's body in the aftermath of the blast, a detail which police have yet to comment on.
NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill has confirmed that the suspect "did make statements" but has not revealed any details of what was said.
Twitter 16 Armed cops at the scene after reports of an explosion at a major traffic terminal
Reuters 16 Commuters evacuate the busy interchange, which is America's largest bus terminal
Twitter 16 Several people have reportedly been injured in the blast close to Times Square
Loud blast reportedly heard inside bus terminal sparking ‘stampede' in New York
Witnesses reported a stampede as panicked commuters rushed to escape the scene.
The bomb squad and FBI officers were quickly pictured at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue where the blast was heard.
Cops, fire crews and paramedics remain at the scene and President Trump and the city's mayor have been briefed.
The bus terminal has been reopened as investigations continue.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie said they have ordered extra security at mass transit hubs in their state.
The explosion came just days after ISIS issued a specific threat against popular tourist spot Times Square.
Port Authority Bus Terminal is the largest in America with more than 65million people passing through each year.
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours
Palle Mogens Fogde Sørensen (March 26, 1927 – February 1, 2018[1]) was a Danish convicted murderer who shot and killed four police officers in 1965 on their way home after a break-in.
Early life [ edit ]
In 1949, shortly after their release from juvenile detention, Sørensen broke into the headquarters of Danish labor union Dansk Arbejdsmands Forbund (today, 3F), where they blew open a safe with explosives stolen from a quarry and stole 130,000 kr., all of which they spent shortly after.[1][2]
They later committed several burglaries and instances of insurance fraud, but was eventually caught and received a 5-year prison sentence.
After their release from prison, Sørensen was hired to produce aerials for the army, and for a while managed to bring their criminal lifestyle to a halt. However, in 1964, Sørensen encountered their former cellmate Norman Lee Bune, and resumed their former criminal activities of mainly burglaries.[1]
Sørensen was early on known for their engineer-like prowess with technology and mechanics, and a 1958 article from the tabloid Ekstra Bladet described Sørensen as a man with a skill for cracking safes.[2] They had a gun collection in their mother's basement.[1]
Shootings [ edit ]
On September 17, 1965, Sørensen and Bune were caught breaking and entering by the house's owner, who subsequently called the police. The men fled the scene and police officers pursued. During the chase, Sørensen reached for their Browning P-35 and shot four police officers, all of whom died from the sustained injuries.[1]
The incident resulted in a major search operation, which ended as they after 48 hours turned themselves in, commenting "[I] made the mistake of [my] life.[3]"
Sentence [ edit ]
Sørensen was sentenced to life imprisonment on August 24, 1966.[4] Despite being a peaceful prisoner, they were considered the most dangerous convict in Denmark for many years,[4] and police unions pressured the authorities to grant them neither parole nor pardon.[1]
They were granted parole after 32 years and eight months in prison – at the time the longest period anyone had served in a Danish prison in modern history.[4]
Life after prison [ edit ]
Sørensen went live in Valby for the remainer of their live, confessing to a journalist they were still fascinated with safes.[1] They died on February 1, 2018.[1]
Legacy [ edit ]
Palle Sørensen's crime eventually led to the armament of Danish police officers.[5] The four murdered officers were given State funerals.[2]
References [ edit ]
Chris Eubank Jr (L) would beat Gennady Golovkin, says their father (R)
Chris Eubank Jr would beat middleweight kingpin Gennady Golovkin now, according to their father Chris 'English' Eubank.
Eubank Jr (19-1-KO14) is preparing for their Sky Sports debut on October 24 when they take on America's Tony Jeter (20-4-1-KO14) on the undercard of Kell Brook v Diego Chaves - but 'English' says were they facing Golovkin (33-0-KO30), their son would still emerge victorious.
The former world middleweight champion told Sky Sports: "Christopher has the beating of him. It's a tough fight but Junior beats them in my view. It's going to be a fabulous chase for us because we are chasing.
Back in 1990 I fought Nigel Benn and I don't know any critic who said I should have taken that fight. It's the same thing with Golovkin - they beat them now. Chris 'English' Eubank
"I'm not as cagey or cautious as Junior. I've been there and done this. Back in 1990 I fought Nigel Benn and I don't know any critic who said I should have taken that fight. It's the same thing with Golovkin - they beat them now.
"We're working with Matchroom and Sky Sports. All of these possibilities can be realised. Having this platform gives us the conduit to reach those contests. We're very confident. It's a fantastic time to show what we are."
Chris Eubank Jnr will take on Tony Jeter on their Sky Sports debut
Eubank Jr said of the Kazakh: "He's got weaknesses that I feel I can exploit, so the goal is to work towards that fight. It's a huge fight down the line.
"He's easy to hit and he's slow. Those are the weakness I see and I think I can exploit in my opinion. I don't think he's had a defining fight. I don't think he's fought anyone who's really been there to try and win.
"I'm not going to say anybody can beat me. The question is who the public want to see me fight. People have mentioned George Groves and Martin Murray - these are fights the public want to see.
"I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for my fans so if that's what they want and we can get, that's what we're going to do."
Gennady Golovkin is excited by their upcoming fight with Canadian David Lemieux at Madison Square Garden Gennady Golovkin is excited by their upcoming fight with Canadian David Lemieux at Madison Square Garden
Brighton's Eubank Jr is also open to the possibility of stepping up a division for their world title shot and admits they are hoping to face James DeGale next year.
IBF world super-middleweight champion DeGale reacted angrily to recent suggestions they had come off second best in a sparring session with Eubank Jr - and the Brighton man is no less enthusiastic about the prospect of resolving their differences in the ring.
Eubank Jr is also hoping to secure a clash with world champion James DeGale
Eubank Jr added: "That's a massive fight and a massive opportunity for me to show the fans what I'm made of. I'm a middleweight and I plan to achieve world championship status at that division.
"I want to unify the division but, if there's an opportunity to step up to fight some of these top-named fighters and that's what the public want and it's viable for me to do so, I will definitely step up to the challenge.
"Boxing is boxing and you don't know what can happen. You can get opportunities at any time and you have to make the decision there and then. I walk around at 12st but don't struggle to make the middleweight limit, so I can fluctuate between the two."
A look at Kobe Bryant's five best moments against the Suns with the Lakers
As Kobe Bryant's career as a member of the Los Angles Lakers comes to an end, it has become commonplace to take a look back at their many highlights and accomplishments over the years.
With all of the game-winners, posterizing dunks and impossible plays they have provided us with over their 20-year career, it's hard to keep track of everything on the resume of a Hall of Fame career. And while the Mamba has had their fair share of incredible performances against just about every team in the Association, there are a few that have fared worse than others.
First and foremost among them are the Phoenix Suns. Since the earliest years of their career, Kobe has dominated the Suns in every way imaginable. They have racked up 11 40-point games against them, including two 50-point games, and numerous clutch plays and memorable moments. Just looking at what he's done, it'd be hard to say that the Suns aren't one of Bryant's favorite opponents.
On Wednesday, March 23, Kobe and the Lakers will take on the Suns for Bryant's final game against one of their favorite opponents. Subsequently, let's take a look at Kobe's top-5 moments over their career against the Suns—and hope they have one more to add to the list on Wednesday.
Will the ferrofluid break down? One of the main problems when working with ferrofluid is that it quickly breaks down in the presence of most other liquids and stains anything it comes in contact with (including glass). To solve this problem we have conducted extensive R&D and have developed a proprietary suspension liquid that keeps the ferrofluid from breaking down or staining the glass. You should expect years of spiky goodness from your RIZE unit.
Can you ship international? Yes, we can currently ship using international priority 6-10 day and are getting distributors ready for lower shipping prices in the EU and UK.
Will it wipe my hard drive? Nope. If your hard drive was made after the year 1999 then you are completely safe. The data density for new drives is so dense that even a very strong generalized magnetic field will not cause any damage to the drive. You should keep all metal objects at least an inch or two away though just for good measure.
Is there a quality guarantee? Yes, if your RIZE doesn't arrive in perfect condition let us know and we'll send you a new one asap.
Does it spin forever? The spinning time varies, but after it's placed on the magnetic base it usually spins for a few minutes before slowing down and stopping. You can also restart the spinning motion using the handheld magnet.
Are the chemicals dangerous? They are not flammable but you should definitely not drink them. The bottle should never be opened, and if it is broken (which is unlikely because it's very strong) immediately clean up the spill using dish soap and water. Ferrofluid will stain anything it touches very badly.
An 18-year-old member of the University of South Carolina's Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity was found dead Wednesday morning. The death is under investigation.
foxcarolina.com The University of South Carolina's Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity home on Lee Street.
The University of South Carolina's Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity has been suspended following the death of an 18-year-old member Wednesday. The Columbia Police Department and the Richland County Coroner's office are both investigating the death of the student, who has not yet been identified, WLTX-TV reported. Coroner Gary Watts said the body was found around 10:30 a.m. at a private residence, where fraternity members allegedly live. Officials said the death is suspicious, but there are no signs of foul play or trauma. An autopsy that will include a toxicology test is scheduled for Thursday. It was unclear if a party was hosted at the fraternity house Tuesday night, but a keg and St. Patrick's Day decor were still visible on the home's porch Wednesday, the Associated Press reported.
foxcarolina.com University of South Carolina's Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity house seen on Wednesday afternoon.
The national office of Pi Kappa Alpha released a statement Wednesday that said the USC chapter had been put on administrative suspension, and had ceased all operations for now. "The fraternity's thoughts and prayers are with the family of this young man and the brothers of Xi Chapter." BuzzFeed News has reached out to Pi Kappa Alpha representatives for additional information on the student's death. The fraternity, also referred to as PIKE, was founded at the University of Virginia in 1868 and currently has about 220 groups in the United States and Canada, according to the organization's website. In all, it claims 250,000 lifetime members and 14,000 undergraduate members.
In a separate incident, a Pi Kappa Alpha chapter at the University of Connecticut lost recognition Friday after hazing members and providing alcohol to underage students, while on probation for harassing women. Members of the University of Connecticut's Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority called police twice in September to report Pi Kappa Alpha members were bullying and intimidating them, NBC Connecticut reported. The fraternity was placed on probation by university administrators for the remaining school year, but two days later the fraternity reportedly held a party, violating student code and their probation. In response, the university announced the fraternity's loss of recognition, beginning March 13 through May 5, 2019. Pi Kappa Alpha is the third fraternity at the University of Connecticut to lose recognition this academic year, including fraternities Sigma Chi and Sigma Alpha Epsilon. The latter fraternity's University of Oklahoma chapter was recently shut down after members were caught on video participating in a racist chant.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Two North Royalton police officers involved in the fatal 2016 shooting of a mentally ill man created a dangerous situation by rushing into the house against their sister's request, a wrongful death lawsuit filed on behalf of the man's family claims.
Jun Wang's sister asked officers Kip MacDonald and Jason Kimmel to let them go into the house and speak to their brother before police detained them took them to a hospital for mental health treatment, the lawsuit says.
But MacDonald and Kimmel pushed past the sister, Julia Rielinger, when they opened the door, ignored police training on how to deal with people in the throes of mental illness and set off a chain of events that ended with an officer stabbed and Wang shot dead, the lawsuit says.
"Defendants needlessly stormed into Jun's home -- an individual they knew to suffer from mental illness -- and after needlessly frightening and cornering Jun in their bedroom, shot and killed Jun in response to a situation Defendants had created," the lawsuit says.
North Royalton police never released the names of the officers involved. The lawsuit names MacDonald and Kimmel, and identifies MacDonald as the shooter.
The lawsuit also says police illegally detained Rielinger and their friend, Jon Liptak, for several hours after the shooting and did not release them until after Wang was pronounced dead.
The lawsuit, filed last month on behalf of Rielinger, Liptak and Wang's estate, names MacDonald, Kimmel, as well as two supervisors, then-police Chief John Elekand the city of North Royalton. It seeks at least $25,000 in damages.
North Royalton police spokesperson, Detective David Loeding, declined to comment on the lawsuit Wednesday.
Wang, who was born in China, lived in Rielinger's condominium in the weeks before the shooting. They mainly spoke Mandarin and had trouble communicating in English, the lawsuit says.
Wang stopped taking medication to treat their schizophrenia and bipolar disorder and Reilinger was forced to move out of their home, the lawsuit says.
Reilinger got a warrant in probate court to have Wang committed to St. Vincent Charity Hospital for treatment. They went to the North Royalton police department on Oct. 26, 2016 and asked for help taking Wang to the hospital, but police told them to come back during the daytime, the lawsuit claims.
They came back two days later, and MacDonald and Kimmel followed them to their home, the lawsuit says.
Rielinger also asked for an ambulance, but the officers did not summon one, according to the lawsuit.
Rielinger told police that their brother could potentially act out and had access to kitchen knives in the home, the lawsuit said. They asked for a chance to go inside and talk to them first. They feared the police would scare him.
MacDonald and Kimmel rushed in through the door in front of Rielinger and Liptak, the lawsuit says.
Wang retreated upstairs to their bedroom, grabbed a knife and struggled with the officers who chased after him.
North Royalton police said Wang stabbed Kimmel in the face and led, and MacDonald shot him.
Officers called for an ambulance, which took Wang to University Hospitals Parma Medical Center. They were pronounced dead about an hour after the shooting.
Police then detained Rielinger, and took their car keys and their cellphone, the lawsuit says. They also detained Liptak. Officers drove them back to the police station and held them for "several hours" before they let them leave, the lawsuit says.
To comment on this story, visit Wednesday's crime and courts comment section.
Iosif Kobzon, known as ‘Russia's Sinatra', who has sung in rebel-held Ukraine, accused of hypocrisy for seeking treatment abroad despite anti-western rhetoric
Italy has confirmed it has given a visa to the sanctioned Russian singer and MP Iosif Kobzon after the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, reportedly intervened to help them go to the European Union for cancer treatment.
The EU announced a travel ban and asset freeze on Kobzon, a celebrated crooner who is often called the “Russian Frank Sinatra”, in February. The performer had visited the rebel-held Donetsk region, near their birthplace, in October for a concert in support of pro-Russia forces there, singing a duet with their leader, Alexander Zakharchenko. The singer has been barred from entering the US since 1995 over suspected mafia ties.
Kobzon has now received a visa on humanitarian grounds and will undergo cancer treatment in Italy, the country's foreign ministry told Deutsche Welle, adding that the decision had been agreed with the other EU members.
EU gets tough with Russian military leaders – and Soviet-era 'Sinatra' Read more
The performer has previously said Putin had helped them get around the sanctions. “Thanks to their intervention they gave me a medical visa,” they told radio station RSN last week.
Seemingly ageless, in their trademark dark-brown toupee and pencilled-in eyebrows, Kobzon turns 78 this month and has been suffering from prostate cancer for years. They have previously undergone operations in Germany.
A statement by Kobzon in July that they might in the future seek Putin's help to get treatment in the west caused controversy in Russia, aggravating longstanding popular resentment over the many reports of political elites owning luxurious properties abroad and sending their children to foreign schools.
This has become even more of a sore topic of late as Russians have been asked to endure a falling rouble and embargos on foreign foods, which accompanied western sanctions against Russia for backing rebels in eastern Ukraine.
Many commentators accused Kobzon of hypocrisy over their anti-western rhetoric. They voted for a 2012 law against adoptions by US families, which prevented some Russian orphans from receiving treatment overseas, and even called last week for Russia to cut diplomatic ties with the US over a visa row.
Their friend Yuri Kuklachev, a famous clown who performs with cats, told LifeNews in July that Kobzon had forbidden them to go abroad to treat a malignant tumour and “literally dragged” them in for treatment at a Russian clinic.
A survey by the liberal Ekho Moskvy radio station found 82% of its listeners thought Kobzon should not be allowed to go abroad for treatment. Mitya Aleshkovsky, a popular blogger and charity activist, wrote in July that treatment in Russia would be the “best punishment for the torture they and all the current MPs have subjected our country to”.
Others have called for compassion, including Katerina Gordeyeva, an author who has written about cancer and who described Russian oncology as antiquated and crippled by bureaucracy in a recent column about Kobzon. Numerous cancer patients have killed themselves in Russia in recent years, ostensibly due to regulations that make it difficult to obtain strong painkillers and a lack of social support for those who are ill.
Share
It seems like ages since Microsoft announced the arrival of Windows 10 and all the changes the latest operating system will bring to PCs, tablets, and smartphones. Now the company's January 21 press event, where it will discuss the future of mobile devices on Windows 10, is fast approaching.
We've piled together everything we know so far about Microsoft's plans for mobile in this handy post. We'll continue to report on updates here ahead of the January 21 event.
Updated on 01-20-2015 by Malarie Gokey: Added a report that Microsoft will offer one app store with Windows 10, and may even allow access to Android apps.
Microsoft will unify app store and maybe add Android apps
Microsoft will reportedly merge its two app stores into one to make it easier to move between your phone to your tablet to your PC, and back again. The single app store is expected to launch with Windows 10, reports the Information. Additionally, Microsoft is said to be considering adding the ability to access Android apps for those with Windows-based smartphones and tablets.
Windows currently suffers from a lack of mobile apps, and is rarely on the top of developers' to-do lists. Like BlackBerry before it, Microsoft may end up offering Android apps as an alternative for users. Of course, nothing's set in stone yet, and it seems rather unlikely that Microsoft would announce such a move on the same day it finally shows off its brand-new Windows 10 OS.
Hybrid phone/laptop device to be teased at Microsoft's event?
According to an article published by the Information, Microsoft will show more than just the future of Windows software during its January 21 event. It mentions the company plans to introduce a variety of new devices, and will show several off over the coming days, including an intriguing phone/laptop hybrid.
Windows 10 is designed to work on all types of Windows hardware, so a combo product like this sounds plausible. We've seen convertible devices combining tablets and keyboards before, but rarely a with a phone acting as a laptop screen, due to obvious screen size restrictions. The Asus Padfone X brings a phone, tablet, and keyboard dock together, so there's a chance it'll be something like this, should the report prove accurate.
Windows tablets and phones will get one, renamed OS
Previously, smartphones and tablets ran two different versions of the Windows OS, but those days will soon be over. Both Windows RT, the tablet OS, and Windows Phone, the smartphone OS, will merge into one with Windows 10. As such, users will have access to the full feature suite Windows 10 has to offer, regardless of what device they are using. If you can use an app on your phone, you can use that same app on your tablet. It's an experience with which Android and iOS users are already familiar, but Windows lovers are sure to rejoice.
While it looked almost certain to be this way from the beginning, Microsoft's new Lumia 532 smartphone was listed on its website as being “Windows 10 ready,” for a short time. The device currently runs Windows Phone 8.1, and this slip-up seemingly confirms the word Phone will be dropped from the new, official name.
Microsoft's Phone Insider preview app is ready to go
Microsoft recently released the Phone Insider preview app on its app store, where users will be able to download pre-release OS updates to their phones, straight from Microsoft. At this point, only Microsoft employees with special access can test out Windows 10 on their Windows phones and tablets, but the company will soon open the software up to those who are signed up for Microsoft's special Windows 10 Technical Preview.
Microsoft already issued a Preview for Developers app, so that those with a registered Windows Phone Dev Center account can access all the early builds and work on app updates ahead of time. The Phone Insider preview app is slightly more democratic, and precludes the final, official release.
In December, Microsoft said more than 1.5 million people were registered Windows Insiders, with access to Windows 10 software in advance. Microsoft is expected to open up the Phone Insider app to those users shortly after the January 21 event.
Universal apps will also make life easier for developers who want to make apps for Windows 10, which should in turn increase the number of apps in the store over all.
New Office apps are coming for mobile
Microsoft recently updated its Office app suite for iOS and Android devices, but it's also promised to do the same for Windows-based mobile gadgets. The new, native apps will most likely offer full functionality for free, compatibility with Office 365 subscriptions for hard-core users, and the same crisp user interface we saw with the iOS and Android apps.
All Windows 8 Lumia phones will get the upgrade
In case you're worried that Microsoft won't be upgrading your Lumia smartphone to Windows 10, the company stated that every Lumia with Windows Phone 8 will get the new OS.
Seeing as most Windows-based phones are Lumias, it stands to reason that the majority of Windows Phone users will get the update. HTC, Samsung, and other less high-profile Windows smartphone makers will also most likely offer Windows 10 to customers. Of course, the rollout schedule is dependent on your carrier, as well, so some may get the update earlier than others.
When will Windows 10 for mobile arrive?
The beta version of Windows 10 for mobile devices is expected to arrive in late January, shortly after Microsoft's January 21 event. The final build could arrive this spring, and Windows phone users should get it sometime in the second half of 2015. While some reports hint at a delayed launch date for the fourth quarter of 2015, other say it may come in Q3 instead.
We expect to hear more at the January 21 event, and we'll keep you posted here in this article, as new information becomes available.
Previous updates:
Updated on 01-20-2015 by Andy Boxall: Added rumors of a phone/laptop hybrid device being shown at the event, plus more evidence the word “Phone” is being dropped.
Article first published on 01-13-2015
Canada is helping Belize to determine its defence policy even as tensions between the central American nation and neighbouring Guatemala continue to simmer over the killing of a 13-year boy by Belize soldiers.
Top military officers from Belize came to Ottawa in February for meetings and to receive advice from the Department of National Defence and Canadian Forces on their country's future defence strategy.
Belize is embroiled a border dispute with Guatemala, which deployed 3,000 troops in April to a disputed area between the two countries.
Brig.-Gen. David Jones, commander of the Belize Defence Force (BDF), says the strategic defence review will outline the way ahead for the nation's military for at least the next five years.
“It's going to look at the tasks the government wants the BDF to achieve, how they are going to achieve it, and then to put together those resources that they need to achieve it,” they said this year. “So with the help of the Canadian government we are finalizing that document.”
Feliz Enrique of the Belize defence ministry said this week the U.S. and Britain are also being consulted.
Canadian officials have been helping Belize with its strategic review for several years.
The February trip allowed officials from Belize to seek “additional expertise in areas such as capability based planning, investment planning, accrual accounting, budgeting, and full life-cycle costing for equipment acquisitions,” said Ashley Lemire, a spokesperson for the Department of National Defence.
“Moving forward, Canada and Belize have agreed to continue cooperation on defence planning, recognizing that Canada is currently undertaking its own review.”
The Guatemala troop deployments occurred after the 13-year-old was shot dead.
Guatemalan officials claimed the youth and their family were attacked as they planted crops near the border.
But Belize's government said security forces investigating illegal land clearing in a national park had detained a Guatemalan man.
Later that night, the Belizean patrol was attacked and returned fire in self defence. The boy's body was found the next morning.
Belize is of growing importance to the Canadian government due to the increasingly precarious security situation in Central America
On May 19, Belize accused Guatemalan troops of kidnapping a Belizean farmer. It has asked the Organization of American States to investigate that and other live fire incidents on the border.
The shootings are the latest incidents in a dispute between the two countries over Guatemala's claims to territory governed by Belize.
Canada's role in Belize's security has increased over the years because of concerns Mexican drug cartels were making inroads in the country.
The Canadian Forces have delivered non-lethal aid – binoculars, military clothing, helmets and boots – to Belize security forces. Canadian special forces teams have also helped train the BDF.
“Belize is of growing importance to the Canadian government due to the increasingly precarious security situation in Central America, particularly along the Belize-Mexico border,” the department said a March 2012 briefing note prepared for then-defence minister Peter MacKay.
Ottawa Citizen
dpugliese@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/davidpugliese
(CNN) The president of Catalonia, Carles Puigdemont, failed to clarify Monday whether their administration had officially declared independence from Spain and instead repeated their call for talks to resolve the ongoing constitutional crisis in the country.
In a letter to the Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, Puigdemont asked for two months of dialogue over the status of the region in northwest Spain, which held a disputed independence referendum on October 1.
Rajoy had set a deadline of 10 a.m. local time (4 a.m. ET) Monday for Puigdemont to say definitively whether an ambiguous speech they delivered to the Catalan Parliament last week in the wake of the referendum amounted to a declaration of independence.
Catalonia had "earned the right" to become an independent republic, after 90% of voters in the October 1 referendum chose to split from Spain, Puigdemont told the Catalan Parliament. But they suspended the effects of the declaration to allow for talks.
"The suspension on our side of the results that come out of the vote on 1 Oct, shows our firm commitment to find a solution, and avoid confrontation," Puigdemont wrote in their letter to Rajoy on Monday.
Read More
Huge leak reveals how the powerful exploit secretive tax regimes – and widen the gulf between rich and poor
They are known as the CDOTs – the UK's crown dependencies and overseas territories – island states such as the Caymans and the British Virgin Islands.
On maps they appear no bigger than a full stop, but each year billions of dollars in capital sail into the global banking system along the warm currents of the Caribbean.
Economists are charting an unrelenting, escalating transfer of wealth, enabled by the offshore system, often from the very poorest to the very richest nations.
The money is sometimes spent in obvious ways – funding super-yachts, private jets, fine art auctions and, of course, property. But there is the unseen damage. It harms the ecology of vibrant cities by making them unaffordable to ordinary people.
The cash is also a shot in the arm to the financial system. Lawfully injected into London hedge funds and Wall Street trading rooms, it funds high-stakes investments and, in the good years, big bonus pools.
The movement of this offshore money is an industry made possible in part by the secrecy on sale in tax havens, led by the UK's substantial network of offshore enclaves. The Panama Papers lift the veil on how this world works – and the people who use it.
While much of the leaked material will remain private, there are compelling reasons for publishing some of the data. The documents reveal a huge breadth of unseen activity.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Vladimir Putin. Photograph: Dmitry Kostyukov/AFP/Getty Images
At one end of this spectrum, the papers simply reveal the vast number of people who use offshore to protect their wealth. There is nothing unlawful about doing this. It is not illegal to be a director, shareholder or beneficial owner – the real owner, even though their name may not appear on the shareholder register – of an offshore company. But the financial advantages these structures provide are not generally available to the ordinary taxpayer.
Since the 2008 crash, there has been a clamour for everyone to pay a fair share of the tax burden.
Unsurprisingly, the public is questioning – perhaps more than ever – whether a system that provides advantages only to the wealthy is immoral. And the political climate that once tolerated this inequality has changed decisively.
At the other end of this spectrum there is, frankly, what could be described as offshore pandemonium.
In the files we have found evidence of Russian banks providing slush funds for President Vladimir Putin's inner circle; assets belonging to 12 country leaders, including the leaders of Iceland, Pakistan and Ukraine; companies connected to more than 140 senior politicians, their friends and relatives, and to some 22 people subject to sanctions for supporting regimes in North Korea, Syria, Russia and Zimbabwe; the proceeds of crimes, including Britain's infamous Brink's-Mat gold robbery; and enough art hidden in private collections to fill a public gallery.
Just as importantly, we will shine a spotlight on the role of the facilitators: the well-paid lawyers, accountants and private bankers in financial centres such as London and Geneva, whose expertise lies in moving money offshore.
Behaviour revealed in the Panama Papers highlights the failures of regulatory regimes that were either oblivious to, or unwilling to act against, Mossack Fonseca, the law firm from whose database the documents have been leaked.
Yet at least one underling in the firm recognised the jeopardy. They emailed the head office in Panama to ask: “Is there any kind of indemnity that stop[s] us as employees of Mossack Fonseca from being prosecuted? We are getting a bit worried …”
The disclosures have been made possible by the biggest data leak in history – 11.5m documents detailing the activities of more than 200,000 offshore companies, about two-thirds of the total incorporated by Mossack Fonseca.
Obtained from an anonymous source by the German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung and shared by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists with other media organisations, the files are a mine of emails, shareholder registers, bank statements, internal reports, passport scans and company certificates.
Though the source of the leak is not known to the Guardian, there can be no doubt as to the files' authenticity – and potential impact.
The offshore industry may say there are good reasons for sheltering assets in tax havens. Big corporations often argue they have a duty to their shareholders to pay as little tax as is legal. But they are swimming against the tide.
Research group Global Financial Integrity puts the figure for illicit financial outflows from developing countries at $1tn a year and growing.
No wonder then that some world leaders are now taking a stand.
In June 2013, at the G8 summit in Northern Ireland, Britain's prime minister, David Cameron, promised to fight the “scourge of tax evasion and aggressive tax avoidance”, with transparency, in particular “transparency about who owns which companies”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Panama, home to the head office of law firm Mossack Fonseca. Photograph: zxvisual/Getty Images
World leaders, including Barack Obama, signed up to the plan, which stated: “Companies should know who really owns them and tax collectors and law enforcers should be able to obtain this information easily.”
The details from the Panama Papers will contribute to an important public debate – not just in the UK but across the world – about what offshore activity can be tolerated, and what should not.
Can you have transparency if some activities are kept secret, and others not? And who makes that judgment? These are huge questions that governments have not been able to answer.
In May, the UK is planning to host an anti-corruption summit. Offshore tax havens are to be discussed – and after the Panama Papers disclosures they are likely to be top of the agenda.
Panama Papers reporting team: Juliette Garside, Luke Harding, Holly Watt, David Pegg, Helena Bengtsson, Simon Bowers, Owen Gibson and Nick Hopkins
It's finally here folks. Frontier Defense is real and it's coming in our next DLC drop which will be available for free on 7.25.2017. Here's the trailer:
Before we go into the details, we'd like to share some exciting news. In the last FNN we mentioned that we've currently been seeing over 1 million active users a month. We're thrilled to update that since the last DLC drop we've seen player counts continue to grow month over month which is great to see at this point since release. It's amazing to see lots of players still engaged with Titanfall 2 and new players coming in all the time. Thank you for the support!
Alright, let's get into all the stuff coming with this drop:
New Mode: FRONTIER DEFENSE!
Co-op 4 player modes.
Defend your Harvester against 5 waves of increasingly difficult enemies.
Earn cash for defeating enemies that you can spend in between waves to purchase tools like Batteries, Arc Traps, Sentries, and more.
Choose from Easy / Regular / Hard / Master difficulty.
There will be an Insane difficulty as well that will exist in a separate tile as a Featured Mode.
New Titan Progression – ‘Aegis Ranks' Earn Aegis Ranks by completing matches of Frontier Defense. Aegis Ranks can unlock powerful upgrades for your Titans, helping you succeed at higher difficulty levels. For now these Ranks will only apply to Frontier Defense.
New, challenging enemy types to battle.
5 maps supported at launch Homestead Forwardbase Kodai War Games Rise Blackwater Canal We are currently testing additional maps and will add more in future
We'll be showing more of Frontier Defense in an upcoming tutorial video around launch.
Map: Rise
Long sight lines and tight quarters dictate the battle in this abandoned desert reservoir. The towering, sheer walls and a system of convenient zip lines provide Pilots with means to get around quickly while Titans do battle in the long corridors below. Pilots can also set up ambushes in the guts of this complex pipeworks, while titans can lock down large sections of the battlefield at critical junctures. Tread carefully.
Live Fire Map: Township
A new modular construction of a residential firefight. Cover is sparse for Pilots bold enough to leave the safety of a few houses. Windows and rooftops decide who controls the map, but dense interiors can always hold surprises.
We've also made some renovations to our in-game store so you can browse new releases and easily see sales that are happening. Expect to see limited time sales, bundles, and more in the future. The timing here is good because we have some rad new stuff coming you can buy. Which brings me to…
NEW PURCHASABLE CONTENT
In this DLC we'll be introducing new Elite Warpaints for weapons and Titans that you can buy. These will not only look awesome but also provide XP Boosts. Let's break them down:
G2A5 “Masterwork”
Flatline “Blue Fade”
Alternator “Frontier Patriot”
EVA-8 Auto Shotgun “Badlands”
CAR “Crimson Fury”
R-201 Carbine “Underground”
Archer “Phantom”
B3 Wingman “Aqua Fade”
LIMITED EDITION TITAN WARPAINTS FOR FRONTIER DEFENSE [ENDS 8.28.2017]
Each skin will give you and your team an XP boost for Frontier Defense and this boost is stackable. The skin will also have a shoulder piece on the upper arm that will upgrade visually when you complete each difficulty in Frontier Defense.
The warpaints for Titans will be available to buy until 8.28.2017. After that they are gone forever so don't miss out!
FREE TRIAL!
On July 28th through the 30th we will be hosting another free trial for Titanfall 2 on all platforms. You will have access to the training gauntlet, the single player mission, The Beacon, and full access to multiplayer during this time. If you want to get a head start you can download the demo version of Titanfall 2 right now and play training and The Beacon in the meantime and you'll be good to go when we flip on multiplayer on the 28th.
TITANFALL ASSAULT NEWS COMING SOON
Titanfall Assault is a real-time strategy game based in the Titanfall universe being developed in partnership with Particle City and Nexon for mobile. We've been running betas in a number of regions this summer and later this week we are going to start talking more about the game and showing it in action soon. It's shaping up really nicely and we think you guys will dig it.
COMMUNITY CORNER
MONTAGE
And off the Bench comes Benchy with another killer montage.
SICK KILLS #6
FAN ART
The idea of titans wielding other titan weapons never came to mind but since we came across these pieces by Hydrothrax, we can't stop laughing. [Link]
Our STIM IRL: Coffee stim, ability is ready and brewed [Link]
Lastly with our art, we have this cloak pilot ready to strike. [Link]
CLIP
Kraber triple collateral
And that's it for this month! Next week will be big and we can't wait to finally get all this new stuff out there for you to play.
Apple is one of the companies about which there are not many internal case studies. From the outside, of course, we can see the ways in which they build and market products, but there is very little known in terms of how they can operate like a 50000 employee strong startup. The Kindle Single, Inside Apple — From Steve Jobs down to the janitor: How America's most successful – and most secretive – big company really works, tries to provide some insight.
Steve Jobs' best creation is not the iPod, iPhone or even the iPad, but it's in fact, an organization that can repeat the same process over and over again. As Steve themselves likes to point out, “I wasn't alive then, but from everything I've heard, Babe Ruth only had one home run. They just kept hitting it over and over again.” And that's what it's about, find your home run and hitting it over and over again.
America's support for Israel has always had two justifications. One was emotional – this plucky little nation of survivors, the Middle East's only real democracy, surrounded by wolves. The other was strategic, and, given the degree to which the region has changed over the past 40 years, its endurance is remarkable. Now though, thanks to months of feverish diplomacy and Iran's sweet-talking new President, it looks more fragile than ever before.
In the Cold War, Israel was regarded as a powerful military ally in a region where radical Arab regimes were firmly aligned with the Soviet Union. The Iranian revolution, the first Gulf War and the rise of Islamism, all gave new life to the US Jewish lobby's characterisation of Israel as America's single stalwart friend in the region.
But today's Middle East is once again on the move. Less than two months ago, a US war with Iran was still on the cards; today an historic rapprochement between those countries is not inconceivable. And while America's sentimental support for Israel will not go away, the Jewish state risks becoming a strategic irrelevance.
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
Benjamin Netanyahu is in a difficult position, particularly now that the Holocaust-denying Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has been replaced by the apparently eminently reasonable Hassan Rouhani in Tehran. Had the Israeli premier the stature of the late Yitzhak Rabin, they might use their speech at the UN General Assembly on Tuesday to signal Israel's readiness to come clean about its nuclear arsenal and sign the non-proliferation treaty, as the Iranian President has suggested. They might also take concrete steps to bring a two-state solution with Palestine closer.
Unfortunately, Mr Netanyahu is no Rabin, and they are hounded at home by those even more hawkish than himself. Instead, they will in all likelihood stick to the script that Mr Rouhani is a wolf in sheep's clothing and Tehran is as dangerous as ever. In doing so, they help neither themselves nor Washington nor the rest of us.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
So many times in movies and TV shows we have seen computers in cars that had so many fantastic features. From KITT in Knight Rider up to James Bond movies we have seen some great computers in cars and it was getting us all excited to what will come in the future. So here in 2016, computers are still a luxury in cars and still don't offer everything that we dreamed of, given the technology we have.
So I decided to start a pet project. Create my own car computer using a Raspberry Pi. I will be documenting all my progress here. Step by Step. And to those of you want it to happen and are following me on this I want you to know that this will be a long process. It's not gonna happen in a week.
It will be a long process that will require a lot of research and studying. I don't even know the necessary parts that I will need for the end product yet.
The first few parts will be the default for Raspberry Pi despite intended usage so even you do not wish to follow up on the car computer project, this will still help you out if you want to learn about Raspberry pi
Let's start part 1 with the basics though. Getting the Pi and setting it up so it's usable.
If you are reading this without owning an actual Raspberry Pi you can get it from many online stores. If you are from Europe you can use ebay and if you are from US you can use amazon . There are many other sites that provide raspberry pi boards and even with full starter kits that include many modules and dongles with it. I bought the board alone though because as I said before, I have no idea what parts I will need so I will be getting them one by one.
Now Raspberry Pi does not come with a Hard Drive but it has an SD card slot. so you will need an SD card for your operating system, software etc. Most people suggest 8GB but I bought a Sandisk 16GB micro SDHC card
Now let's set up our Pi. We have the board, we have our SD card, what more do we need? Well the OS of course. So if you navigate your browser to Raspberry Pi Downloads you will be shown at least two operating systems. One is named NOOBS and the other is named Raspbian. We are going to install Raspbian so go ahead and download the latest version of Raspbian.
There are other distros available like OpenELEC for media centers but we will use Raspbian.
We are also going to need a software suitable for extracting OS images to USB sticks and SD cards. It is called Win32 Image Writer and you can find it here
Now you can simply run the tool, Browse for the image file and then select the proper drive to install the OS. Simply click write and wait. You will know when it's done.
Last thing you will need is a USB mouse and a USB keyboard. There's plenty of them online if you do not already own one. Did not do any try with wireless ones as I am not really sure that they will work.
Insert the micro sd card to the raspberry pi, connect the hdmi port to the TV also connect the keyboard and mouse and power up your Pi. To power it up you just need a phone charger with a micro usb cable.
The initial boot process will begin and you will eventually be lead to a black screen (linux terminal) where you will be prompted to login. Although on my case this did not happen and I was led directly to a Linux GUI. If you were led directly to the Linux Graphica User Interface then ignore the next paragraph.
The default login for Raspbian is username pi with the password raspberry. Note you will not see any writing appear when you type the password. This is a security feature in Linux. In order to load the GUI type startx and hit enter.
Part 2 is ready and can be found here
Back in the heyday of weekly primetime broadcasts—before overnight Netflix drops—Buffy ended each season with a bang and planned accordingly. Sure, obligatory cliffhangers happened occasionally, but in the case of Buffy, these seven season finale are well-crafted events encapsulating where they've gone and what's to come for our Scooby Gang. But how did each season finale do in accomplishing those goals? We're ranking them all now to find out.
7. Season Six: "Grave"
After teasing the Trio—Jonathan, Warren, and Andrew—as the season's Big Bad, events turned tragic and led to a Big Bad fan never asked for. Dark Willow emerged three episodes before "Grave" (and was briefly hinted at in season three with their vampire doppelganger), which left precious little room to build up an effective conflict between the Scooby Gang and their lovable witch pal. Dark Willow is vengeful, powerful, and feisty, but they are also the worse Big Bad in an already weak season finale.
Graves of the literal and metaphoric type were explored in season six, so the theme of death and grief was ripe for the picking. Killing off Tara (how dare you, Joss Whedon!) in order for Willow to question power and purpose in this world wasn't the best route. Good Willow had already recognized these concepts through Buffy's past world-saving moments. The impending showdown between Giles and Buffy vs. Dark Willow was cool and all, but the true moment of character depth in this finale was when Xander saved the world with their love for Willow—and their childhood memory of yellow crayons. In all honesty, "Grave" could have been just another episode in the season. But Buffy's emotional reemergence and Giles' return were key factors going into season seven, so it wasn't a total loss.
6. Season Seven: "Chosen"
The ultimate world-ending apocalypse had to happen during Buffy's season and series finale. "Chosen" has all the finale tropes—inspirational pep talks, final goodbyes, big CG battles—and it almost relied on those tropes too much. The Big Bad took the form of The First, their finale minions, Caleb, and a never-ending horde of übervamps (which were interesting twists to the series lore, but weaker elements than other season finales). These Big Bads provided the main characters with little fuel to fire their development. Reminder moments—like Buffy's cookie dough speech to Angel—were fun but not required because we knew who Buffy would choose in the end. (Although technically, the end still hasn't happened since the series is ongoing in comic form, with Buffy and Spike still together.)
"Chosen" did succeed in flipping the series rules around. For the first time in slayer history, the chosen one became one of the chosen many in season seven. Awakening the power in every single potential slayer in the world made way for big events in the comic seasons to follow. The prophecy that started the Scooby Gang's journey—"in every generation, a slayer is born"—was forever changed, but our heroes were in top form as strong and spirited warriors (nothing out of the ordinary though)! And it was a nice sentimental moment to end the series on a variation on the big question Willow asked Buffy in the first season finale: "What are we going to do now?"
5. Season One: "Prophecy Girl"
Our first tango with the apocalypse was the campiest season finale, "Prophecy Girl." Season one's iconic Big Bad, The Master, was a cranky old vampire who caused all sorts of mayhem and worked their way up to unleashing hell in Sunnydale. Also on board? Angel's old girlfriend and vampire sire, Darla, and The Master's little evil kid vampire, The Anointed One. In hindsight, these Big Bads were simple and generic, which doesn't play well in its favor against other season finales. But the use of one prophecy that stated Buffy's fate as the slayer was doomed the moment they entered Sunnydale was a powerful motivation for survival for our teenage hero.
Nearly every episode in season one opened with the slayer's prophecy being recited, and throughout the season finale, Buffy's humanity proved that prophecies can change. Buffy dies for a few seconds in this finale (a significant recurrence for the series) only to be revived and kick bad guy ass. Also an important moment for this episode? After a shocking discovery in the high school, Willow asks Buffy, "What are we going to do?" to which Buffy boldly replies, "What we have to." And that right there is the key to every single season finale—especially "Prophecy Girl." Buffy doesn't want to put their lives on hold to save the world, they have to do it because she's the slayer. Coming to that massive conclusion requires tons of maturity, which Buffy, even at age sixteen, could tap into and look good doing it.
4. Season Four: "Restless"
Here's a controversial season finale: it famously ranks as the least favorite amongst Buffy fans, but hear us out. "Restless" came on the heels of the actual victory against the season four Big Bad, Adam and the Initiative. But "Restless" proved that season finales didn't have to rely on showing the toughest battles and CG moments. What if a season finale explored the inner workings of the main characters instead? AND what if the entire episode took place inside of a collective dream cycle with a reoccurring cheese man?
Borrowing from various influences in film and TV (notably with hints of Apocalypse Now in Xander's dream), Joss and team dissected the main characters in complex and perplexing ways. Restlessness was experienced in spades throughout season four, so the theme for "Restless" made comprehensive sense, but the hidden beauty behind this season finale was the way the series managed to look to the future while referencing its very detailed past. Rewatch this underrated finale and you'll notice moments that help shed new light on all the Buffy seasons before and after. In a way, it could act as a primer for newcomers to the series since it breaks down each member of the Scooby Gang—an impressive feat for a season finale!
3. Season Three: "Graduation Day, Part 2"
A subtle cliffhanger, "Graduation Day, Part 2" picked up where "Part 1" left off: Buffy's slayer nemesis Faith has fallen off a building and landed in a coma, leaving Buffy with only one option for slayer blood to heal a dying Angel. This is important because "Graduation Day, Part 2" wasn't just about saving the world from The Mayor and their impending apocalypse plans, it was also always about saving this one particular vampire with a soul and the limitations of trust. The entire season was wrapped up in their and Buffy's complex relationship, which lead to Angel permanently ditching Sunnydale for L.A. but forever trusting in Buffy.
Of course, graduation was totally on every one's mind throughout season three—the actual graduation day had to be the season finale game plan. It worked out pretty perfectly in each character's favor as we saw Willow, Xander, and Giles expand as characters during this episode alone. The mini-war between The Mayor and the entire class of '99 was a bit cheesy (perhaps attacking the Mayor with hummus would have been the funner option?), but in the end the overall theme that human weakness is in every single character placed this season finale high on our ranking.
2. Season Two: "Becoming, Part 2"
"Becoming, Part 2" obviously ends on a cliffhanger (like "Graduation Day, Part 2"), but we're going to look at it as a standalone episode because it's so damn strong on its own. Spike and Drusilla were originally the Big Bads in this season, but Angelus took the cake later on as the major Baddie, torturing Buffy's friends and family with a cryptic smile on their face. Season two strategically posed Buffy's first true love next to their duty to save the world from the apocalypse for the second time, ultimately reminded them that "she's all she's got"—which also gave us one of the most empowering scenes from the series.
"Becoming, Part 2" is in our number two slot because it heavily focused on the milestones of becoming a young adult—it was the crux for even more growing up into season three. Willow and Xander's journeys to becoming more than just "the sidekicks" was jump-started in season two's finale also with Xander lying to Buffy to try and save the world from Angelus while Willow delivered one epic spell to give Angel their soul back at the last moment. Oh, and Spike and Buffy's first official team-up happened in "Becoming, Part 2" which was the cause for much rejoicing.
1. Season Five: "The Gift"
This one's special for many reasons. "The Gift" was the 100th episode of Buffy, and the season finale before the series switched over to another network for the remaining two seasons. To set the mood, season five's stylish Big Bad Glory (a.k.a. Glorificus, The Beast, The Most Unstable One, Them Sparkling Luminescence, That Which Cannot Be Named, Sweaty-Naughty-Feelings-Causing One, etc.) planned on ending the world by opening their hell dimension using a mystic key in human form, Buffy's kid sister Dawn. "The Gift" gave us the second death of our hero in the most striking of ways: a swan dive into an open hell dimension following Buffy's best inspiration speech ever delivered.
Buffy's true gift was fully realized in season five as a literal gift to the world. The stakes were high after learning that Dawn's blood would open Glory's dimension. Blood—that age-old vampire life source—was definitely important throughout "The Gift," but the true gift throughout the entire season (and basically the whole series) was Buffy's ability to sacrifice themselves for the greater good. Killing off the main character led to so many questions about the fate of the series. But for many fans, this season finale was the definitive nod to Buffy's abilities as a slayer, sister, and friend. They saved the world... a lot. And we'll always love "The Gift" because of its clever and emotional embrace of its leading lady and their Scooby Gang.
Relive all the Buffy the Vampire Slayer moments on Netflix and Hulu. And don't forget season 11 of Buffy is on-going right now with its side comic book series, Buffy: The High School Years, continuing this year too. Which season finale is your favorite? Leave us your thoughts on everything Buffy related in the comments!
Images: 20th Century Fox
MANSEHRA: Religious affairs minister Sardar Mohammad Yousuf has said the federal government is not amending the blasphemy law.
“I want to make it clear that our (PML-N-led federal) government is not going to amend or repeal blasphemy law. The law will remain as it is and that those blaspheming against Prophet Mohammad (PBUH) will face the gallows,” they told reporters here on Tuesday.
The minister said the prime minister and their cabinet members weren't opposed to the blasphemy law.
Mr. Yousaf, who recently returned from Jeddah and Mecca, where they met the relevant authorities to finalise Haj quota for Pakistani pilgrims, said the government had planned to streamline the matters related to Umrah and that parliament would legislate on it soon.
They said the Saudi government had restored the previous Haj quota for Pakistanis allowing 180,000 local residents to perform Haj in 2017.
The minister said extraordinary facilities were being offered to Pakistani pilgrims for the last three years and that it would continue doing so.
PROTESTS THREATENED: The people of Karori have demanded of the provincial government not to include their union council in proposed Darband tehsil and warned they will offer protests if the demand wasn't met.
The elders and representatives of Karori led by district councillor Rafique Tanoli and tehsil councillor Hafiz Mohammad Younis met Mansehra deputy commissioner Iqbal Hussain and Oghi assistant commissioner Altaf Hussain separately and said they would never be part of the proposed Darband tehsil.
“Tehsil and all village councils of Karori unanimously adopted resolutions asking the government not to include their union council in the proposed Darband tehsil and government,” Mr. Tanoli told the AC.
Hafiz Younis said Darband was far away from Karoro as one traveled hardly 30 minutes and reached in Oghi but they couldn't reach Darband even after covering long distances.
“Our demand is logical and based on own rights. The government should accept it and never include us in proposed Darband tehsil,” they said.
Deputy commissioner Iqbal Hussain told elders and LG representatives from Karori said they would communicate their demands to the government.
Published in Dawn February 1st, 2017
Raoul Lufbery was the best-known American pilot in World War I, but he's been relegated to obscurity by a mysterious past.
On a warm May afternoon in France in 1918, miles from the combat zone, you could almost forget the world was at war. From the ground, the sight of two biplanes turning and twisting in the sky might have seemed part of a fantastic show — until a tiny figure fell from their plane and plummeted to Earth.
None of the witnesses to the horrifying scene could believe the man was Gervais Raoul Lufbery, America's ace fighter pilot. They had defied the odds and outlived most of their comrades, but at their funeral, fellow pilots reflected on the fact that they hadn't known the dogged fighter at all.
Their dream was to avoid a mediocre existence.
“In contrast to him, the Sphinx was a child's primer,” pilot Edwin Parsons mused. “He kept their real self shut up like a clam in a shell.”
Lufbery's death grabbed international headlines, but history has remained silent on their considerable contributions. The truth is, they just didn't fit the mold of a World War I hero.
Born in 1885, Lufbery grew up in a tiny French village with their grandparents. Their mother, who was French, died when they were a baby, and their American father dropped out of sight for most of their upbringing. Armed with a sixth-grade education and fascination with Jules Verne, Lufbery had few prospects.
But even as a teenager, they wanted more. As one friend later wrote, “His dream was to avoid a mediocre existence.”
At 20, Lufbery started to travel the world, grabbing odd jobs — from nurse to racecar driver to dockworker — along the way.
Unlike many Europeans of their time, Lufbery made an effort to get to know their new homes from a native's point of view. They picked up languages with uncanny speed as they traveled through North Africa, the Mediterranean, the Balkans, Cuba, South Asia and the United States — where they became an American citizen.
They swore to avenge their friend's death by becoming a pilot.
In 1910, while working in India, Lufbery met the person who would change their lives forever — Marc Pourpe, a French aviator who was putting on airshows in Calcutta. Like most people at the time, Lufbery had never seen an airplane. Undaunted, they approached the aviator and requested a job as their mechanic.
Pourpe asked Lufbery if they knew anything about airplane engines. Lufbery shrugged before responding, “Were you competent the first day you worked on an engine? No.”
Impressed by their brash attitude, Pourpe hired Lufbery, ensuring they studied aircraft mechanics, and the pair spent years flying around Southeast Asia and Africa, where Pourpe made the first round-trip flight between Egypt and Sudan.
They returned to France in August 1914 expecting a hero's welcome, but they'd been bumped from the headlines by the outbreak of World War I. Pourpe joined up immediately, pulling strings to get Lufbery in as their mechanic in the French Air Force. Just four months later, Pourpe was killed in a plane crash.
The circumstances surrounding the crash were unclear, but Lufbery swore to avenge their friend's death by becoming a pilot.
Ironically, the man who would become one of the greatest war pilots had a dismal start. Lufbery's instructors bemoaned their heavy-handedness and begged them to stop flying. But they ignored them and honed their skills, so much so that they were recruited in 1916 by the Lafayette Escadrille, an elite group of American Ivy Leaguers volunteering in the French Air Force, which needed men with flying expertise.
The Escadrille's experience of the war was about as far from the trenches as you could get. Funded by American magnates like J.P. Morgan, the squadron lived luxuriously, drinking cocktails and sleeping in chateaus. They even had mascots — lion cubs Whiskey and Soda, with whom the reclusive Lufbery would play for hours. But the Americans saw their share of action — and once airborne, Lufbery proved they had an unparalleled talent for killing and quickly set themselves apart as the squadron's leading ace.
Lufbery understood it wasn't about guts and glory, and that even the best pilots couldn't be protected by shiny medals or fawning headlines.
When the U.S. entered the war in 1917, many Escadrille pilots, Lufbery included, finally got their chance to fly for Uncle Sam.
Eddie Rickenbacker, who regarded Lufbery as a mentor and would eventually take their place as the leading American ace, marveled at Lufbery's prowess. For their part, Lufbery showed no interest in counting their kills, insisting they were merely doing a job — and they preferred flying solo, even when crossing German lines.
Unlike other World War I aces like Rickenbacker and Manfred “Red Baron” von Richthofen, Lufbery wasn't a showman — just a consummate professional. They kept the decorations on their plane neat and understated, never went charging into an attack and always stressed safety first to their young protégés.
Rickenbacker recalled their first flight with Lufbery with some embarrassment. When Rickenbacker landed, fully confident that they hadn't come across any enemy planes, Lufbery methodically pointed out the bullet holes and shrapnel in Rickenbacker's plane from the attackers he'd failed to see. Lufbery understood it wasn't about guts and glory, and that even the best pilots couldn't be protected by shiny medals or fawning headlines.
It's impossible to say what happened that afternoon of May 19, 1918. Witnesses suggested Lufbery may have forgotten to buckle their seatbelt in their haste to battle the Germans — or perhaps they removed it to fix a problem with the plane during the air fight. Others thought they leapt from a burning plane. No matter the cause, the tragic result was Lufbery plummeting to their death.
Unlike many World War I soldiers, Lufbery didn't join up to fight for their country or defend the ideals of freedom and democracy. Instead, they were a man avenging the death of their mentor and close friend, which made them a very different kind of hero.
Getty
This is an opportunity for all of us to get on the right side of history.
MTV News hasn't written about the Bruce Jenner story because other than some speculation, Bruce Jenner has not publicly confirmed or denied the gender identity rumors, and therefore, out of respect, we've left the whole thing alone. It's not our story to tell, and we're firm believers that gossiping about very personal issues often does more harm than good.
We've been trying to follow this rule, as well as a few others that we set (with the help of GLAAD's very useful guide) on how to talk about/not talk about trans folks because we know that these rules matter. We care about the information we provide our readers, and we respect the very real people whose stories we choose to tell. But now it seems like we've reached a point of mass chatter, and we need to say something.
But instead of weighing in on whether Bruce is or is not transitioning, or even what Bruce's alleged transition means for the transgender community, we decided to just arm you, our readers, with some some info for when you have that inevitable "Bruce Jenner" convo with your friends.
Just a few short weeks after Cristiano Ronaldo's double helped Real Madrid beat Juventus 4-1 and lift European football's most coveted silverware for a third time in four seasons, the 2017-18 Champions League campaign is already under way.
On Tuesday, Linfield, the champions of Northern Ireland, make the tough trip to San Marino to take on La Fiorita. They hold a slender 1-0 advantage from the first leg and know that avoiding defeat will set up a clash with Glasgow giants Celtic. Jordan Stewart scored a brilliant solo effort late on in that first leg clash at Windsor Park for the Blues, who know a clash against Brendan Rodgers' Invincibles would be a huge potential money spinner later this month.
David Healy, once a much travelled striker who played and scored for Rangers but who now manages Linfield, will be taking nothing for granted given the fact that La Fiorita had a few good goalscoring chances in Belfast, and will perhaps count themselves unlucky not to be going into this second leg all square. It was an open game where both goalkeepers played their part in keeping the score down so don't be surprised if the return fixture produces a few goals.
The Sammarinese side have been chalked up at 5/1 to win by bet365 but their record in European qualifiers does not inspire confidence.
Since 2012-13 when they made their bow in the first round of the Europa League qualifiers they've played 10 competitive European fixtures and lost the lot -- going down 7-0 on aggregate last season to Hungarian outfit Debrecen in the Europa League.
Linfield, the most dominant club in Northern Irish football history, should prove too strong and might be worth backing at 8/1 with bet365 to win this 2-1.
Elsewhere, Welsh champions The New Saints' Champions League hopes are hanging by a thread after losing the home leg of their first qualifying round against Europa FC 2-1. The Gibraltese side were good value for their win after goals from Alex Quillo and Gomez last Tuesday at Park Hall. The return leg will be played in Faro, Portugal this Tuesday with the winner of the tie set to meet Croatian side HNK Rijeka.
Europa FC, known as 'The Green Machine' and buoyed by that first leg success, can be backed at 29/20 with bet365 to finish the job in Portugal.
Alexander Skarsgard plays the iconic lord of the jungle in 'The Legend of Tarzan.' (Photo11: Jonathan Olley)
Welcome back to the jungle, Tarzan.
Lots of action, adventure and apes are on tap for the next incarnation of the iconic Edgar Rice Burroughs character played by Alexander Skarsgård (True Blood) in The Legend of Tarzan (in theaters July 1). And for director David Yates, it was a way to return moviegoers to a wondrous Africa in a properly romantic way.
“They haven't been there for an awfully long time,” says Yates, who directed the last four Harry Potter films.
Legend takes a different approach to Tarzan than Burroughs' 1910s writings, the 1930s Johnny Weissmuller movies and other pop-culture adaptations that focused on the man being raised by simians and becoming lord of the jungle. Instead, the movie finds John Clayton III, Lord Greystoke, a decade removed from their home in the Congo and fully entrenched as a British gentleman in the 1880s Victorian London, with their beloved wife Jane (Margot Robbie) by their side.
He's left their African home behind — their early days are seen in flashbacks — but is constantly reminded of their earlier exploits and gets invited back as an emissary of Parliament. While hesitant at first, Tarzan eventually returns to the Congo, old friends as well as Jane are put in serious danger, and their latest cliff-jumping, vine-swinging story kicks off from there.
“It's almost the opposite of the classic tale, where it's about taming the beast,” says Skarsgård, 39. “This is about a man who's holding back and slowly as you peel off the layers, they reverts back to a more animalistic state and lets that side of their personality out.”
The cast also features Djimon Hounsou as Chief Mbonga, Samuel L. Jackson as the real-life figure George Washington Williams and Christoph Waltz as the Belgian antagonist Captain Leon Rom. There's a historical backdrop for the movie, says Yates: Belgium's King Leopold II, originally thought of as a philanthropist, took the Congo as their own colony in the 1880s and was responsible for a mass genocide that killed millions.
Margot Robbie and Alexander Skarsgard star in 'The Legend of Tarzan.' (Photo11: Jonathan Olley)
Jane has always factored heavily into the Tarzan mythology, and Yates envisions Robbie as a 21st-century take on the character who's “in no way a passive partner to Tarzan. She's a really strong, assertive, beautifully knowledgeable, very sexy modern woman who can more than look after herself,” says the director.
“In a way, it's a story of two human beings and how they save each other.”
Yates also found Skarsgård a perfect Tarzan for 2015. The filmmaker liked that they were born in Sweden but found a career in America, so “he has this wonderful quality of not quite belonging to one or the other.” Plus, there was a distinct grace and physicality to the 6-foot-4 actor.
“Tarzan needs muscles, but it's more a leaner, longer, more vertical modern man than the square-jawed stereotype we're used to,” Yates says.
To get in Tarzan shape, Skarsgård spent four months in an all-consuming training regimen before principal photography started. “I basically didn't see my family or my friends,” they say, though they add that the part “was definitely worth getting up at 4:30 in the morning.”
Skarsgård also partnered with choreographer Wayne McGregor to figure out the movements and posture of a guy who carries themselves as an upper-crust Englishman yet ultimately re-embraces their wilder side when they return to their Congo home.
“He works mostly with the best contemporary ballet dancers in the world, so it was quite unusual for them to work with somebody like me who can't touch their toes,” Skarsgård quips.
Africa itself is a main character in the movie, according to Yates, who tapped Potter collaborator Stuart Craig to design their Legend of Tarzan sets. To capture the jungle flavor, two hangars at an old English airplane factory were transformed into soundstages 200 yards long with real trees, vegetation, running water and mountainous areas. Green screen and CGI were used, as well as natural elements photographed in Gabon to add richness to the fully realized environment.
“A lot of movies, you have to go to the far reaches of the galaxy to find extraordinary beauty and amazing things,” Yates says. But, they add, “they're right here on the planet. They exist just a few thousand miles away.”
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Y054Qa
Petro-Islam usually refers to the extremist and fundamentalist interpretation of Sunni Islam—sometimes called "Wahhabism"—favored by the conservative oil-exporting Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Its name derives from source of the funding—petroleum exports—that spread it through the Muslim world following the Yom Kippur War.[1][2] The term is sometimes called "pejorative"[3] or a "nickname".[1] According to Sandra Mackey the term was coined by Fouad Ajami.[4][5] It has been used by French political scientist Gilles Kepel,[6] Bangladeshi religious scholar Imtiyaz Ahmed,[7] and Egyptian philosopher Fouad Zakariyya,[8] among others.
Usage and definitions [ edit ]
The use of the term to refer to "Wahhabism" (the dominant interpretation of Islam in Saudi Arabia) is widespread but not universal. Variations on, or different uses of, the term include:
Use of resources by Saudi Arabia "to project itself as a major player in the Muslim world". The distribution of large sums of money from public and private sources in Saudi Arabia to advance Wahhabi doctrines and pursue the Saudi Arabian foreign policy. [9]
Attempts by the Saudi rulers to use both Islam and its wealth to win the loyalty of the Muslim world. [8] [10]
Diplomatic, political and economic—as well as religious—policies promoted by Saudi Arabia. [11]
The type of Islam favored by petroleum-exporting Muslim-majority countries, particularly the other Gulf monarchies (United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Qatar, etc.)—not just Saudi Arabia. [12]
A "hugely successful" enterprise made up of a "colossal ensemble" of media and other cultural organs that has broken the "secularist and nationalist" monopoly of the state on culture, media and, "to a lesser extent", education; and is supported by both Islamists and socially conservative business "elements", who opposed the Arab nationalist ideologies of Nasserism and Baathism. [13]
More conservative Islamic cultural practices (separation of the sexes, hijab or more complete hijab) brought back (to Egypt) from Gulf oil states by migrant workers. [14]
A term used by secularists, particularly in Egypt, to refer to efforts to require the enforcement of sharia (Islamic law). [15]
Islamic interpretation that is "anti-woman, anti-intellectual, anti-progress, and anti-science ... largely funded by the Saudis and Kuwaitis".[16]
Background [ edit ]
Years were chosen to shown revenue for before (1973) and after (1974) the [17] [18] Petroleum products revenue in billions of dollars per annum for five major Muslim petroleum exporting countries. Saudi Arabian productionYears were chosen to shown revenue for before (1973) and after (1974) the October 1973 War , after the Iranian Revolution (1980), and during the market turnaround in 1986. Iran and Iraq are excluded because their revenue fluctuated due to the revolution and the war between them.
One scholar who spelled out the idea of petro-Islam in some detail is Gilles Kepel.[19][20] According to Kepel, prior to the 1973 oil embargo, religion throughout the Muslim world was "dominated by national or local traditions rooted in the piety of the common people." Clerics looked to their different schools of fiqh (the four Sunni Madhhabs: Hanafi in the Turkish zones of South Asia, Maliki in Africa, Shafi'i in Southeast Asia, plus Shi'a Ja'fari, and "held Saudi inspired puritanism" (using another school of fiqh, Hanbali) in "great suspicion on account of its sectarian character," according to Gilles Kepel. [21]
While the 1973 War (also called the Yom Kippur War) was started by Egypt and Syria to take back land won by Israel in 1967, the "real victors" of the war were the Arab "oil-exporting countries", (according to Gilles Kepel), whose embargo against Israel's western allies stopped Israel's counteroffensive.[22]
The embargo's political success enhanced the prestige of the embargo-ers and the reduction in the global supply of oil sent oil prices soaring (from US$3 per barrel to nearly $12[23]) and with them, oil exporter revenues. This put Muslim oil exporting states in a "clear position of dominance within the Muslim world". The most dominant was Saudi Arabia, the largest exporter by far (see bar chart).[24][22]
Saudi Arabians viewed their oil wealth not as an accident of geology or history, but connected to religion—a blessing by God of them, to "be solemnly acknowledged and lived up to" with pious behavior.[3] [25][26]
With its new wealth the rulers of Saudi Arabia sought to replace nationalist movements in the Muslim world with Islam, to bring Islam "to the forefront of the international scene", and to unify Islam worldwide under the "single creed" of Wahhabism, paying particular attention to Muslims who had immigrated to the West (a "special target")."[21]
Influence of "Petro-dollars" [ edit ]
According to scholar Gilles Kepel, (who devoted a chapter of their book Jihad to the subject -- "Building Petro-Islam on the Ruins of Arab Nationalism"),[6] in the years immediately after the 1973 War, `petro-Islam` was a "sort of nickname" for a "constituency" of Wahhabi preachers and Muslim intellectuals who promoted "strict implementation of the sharia [Islamic law] in the political, moral and cultural spheres".[1]
In the coming decades, Saudi Arabia's interpretation of Islam became influential (according to Kepel) through
the spread of Wahhabi religious doctrines via Saudi charities; an
increased migration of Muslims to work in Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf states; and
a shift in the balance of power among Muslim states toward the oil-producing countries.[6]
Author Sandra Mackey describes the use of petrodollars on facilities for the hajj—for example leveling hill peaks to make room for tents, providing electricity for tents and cooling pilgrims with ice and air conditioning—as part of "Petro-Islam", which they describe as a way of building the Muslim faithful's loyalty toward the Saudi government.[10][27]
Religious funding [ edit ]
The Saudi ministry for religious affairs printed and distributed millions of Qurans free of charge, along with doctrinal texts that followed the Wahhabi interpretation. In mosques throughout the world "from the African plains to the rice paddies of Indonesia and the Muslim immigrant high-rise housing projects of European cities, the same books could be found", paid for by Saudi Arabian government.[28]
Imtiyaz Ahmed, a religious scholar and professor of International Relations at University of Dhaka sees changes in religious practices in Bangladesh as linked to Saudi Arabia's efforts to promote Wahhabism through the financial help it provides countries like Bangladesh.[7] The Mawlid, the celebration of the Prophet Muhammad's birthday and formerly "an integral part of Bangladeshi culture" is no longer popular, while black burqas for women are much more so.[29] The discount on the price of oil imports Bangladesh receives doesn't "come free", according to Ahmed. "Saudi Arabia is giving oil, Saudi Arabia would definitely want that some of their ideas to come with oil."
Mosques [ edit ]
More than 1,500 mosques were built around the world from 1975 to 2000 paid for by Saudi public funds. The Saudi-headquartered and financed Muslim World League played a pioneering role in supporting Islamic associations, mosques, and investment plans for the future. It opened offices in "every area of the world where Muslims lived."[28] The process of financing mosques usually involved presenting a local office of the Muslim World League with evidence of the need for a mosque/Islamic center to obtain the offices 'recommendation' (tazkiya) to "a generous donor within the kingdom or one of the emirates".[31]
Saudi-financed mosques were generally built using marble 'international style' design and green neon lighting, in a break with most local Islamic architectural traditions, but following Wahhabi ones.[32]
Islamic banking [ edit ]
One mechanism for the redistribution of (some) oil revenues from Saudi Arabia and other Muslim oil-exporters, to the poorer Muslim nations of African and Asia, was the Islamic Development Bank. Headquartered in Saudi Arabia, it opened for business in 1975. Its lenders and borrowers were member states of Organisation of the Islamic Conference (OIC) and it strengthened "Islamic cohesion" between them. [33]
Saudi Arabians also helped establish Islamic banks with private investors and depositors. DMI (Dar al-Mal al-Islami: the House of Islamic Finance), founded in 1981 by Prince Mohammed bin Faisal Al Saud,[34] and the Al Baraka group, established in 1982 by Sheik Saleh Abdullah Kamel (a Saudi billionaire), were both transnational holding companies.[35]
Migration [ edit ]
By 1975, over one million workers—from unskilled country people to experienced professors from Sudan, Pakistan, India, Southeast Asia, Egypt, Palestine, Lebanon, and Syria—had moved the Saudi Arabia and the Persian Gulf states to work and returned after a few years with savings. A majority of these workers were Arab and most were Muslim. Ten years later the number had increased to 5.15 million and Arabs were no longer in the majority. 43% (mostly Muslims) came from the South Asia. In one country, Pakistan, in a single year, (1983),[36]
"the money sent home by Gulf emigrants amounted to $3 billion, compared with a total of $735 million given to the nation in foreign aid. .... The underpaid petty functionary of yore could now drive back to their hometown at the wheel of a foreign car, build themselves a house in a residential suburb, and settle down to invest their savings or engage in trade.... they owed nothing to their home state, where they could never have earned enough to afford such luxuries." [36]
Muslims who had moved to Saudi Arabia, or other "oil-rich monarchies of the peninsula" to work, often returned to their poor home country following religious practice more intensely, particularly practices of Wahhabi Muslims. Having "grown rich in this Wahhabi milieu" it was not surprising that the returning Muslims believed there was a connection between that milieu and "their material prosperity", and that on return they followed religious practices more intensely and that those practices followed Wahhabi tenants.[37] Kepel gives examples of migrant workers returning home with new affluence, asking to be addressed by servants as "hajja" rather than "Madame" (the old bourgeois custom).[32] Another imitation of Saudi Arabia adopted by affluent migrant workers was increased segregation of the sexes, including shopping areas.[32][38]
State leadership [ edit ]
In the 1950s and 1960s Gamal Abdul-Nasser, the leading exponent of Arab nationalism and the president of the Arab world's largest country had great prestige and popularity.
However, in 1967 Nasser led the Six-Day War against Israel which ended not in the elimination of Israel but in the decisive defeat of the Arab forces[39] and loss of a substantial chunk of Egyptian territory. This defeat, combined with the economic stagnation from which Egypt suffered, were contrasted with the perceived victory of the October 1973 war whose pious battle cry of Allahu Akbar replaced `Land! Sea! Air!` slogan of the 1967 war,[39][40] and with the enormous wealth of the resolutely non-nationalist Saudi Arabia.
This changed "the balance of power among Muslim states" toward Saudi Arabia and other oil-exporting countries. gaining as Egypt lost influence. The oil-exporters emphasized "religious commonality" among Arabs, Turks, Africans, and Asians, and downplayed "differences of language, ethnicity, and nationality." [41] The Organisation of Islamic Cooperation—whose permanent Secretariat is located in Jeddah in Western Saudi Arabia—was founded after the 1967 war.
Criticism [ edit ]
At least one observer—The New Yorker magazine's investigative journalist Seymour Hersh—has suggested that petro-Islam is being spread by those whose motivations are less than earnest/pious.[42] Petro-Islam funding following the Gulf War, according to Hersh, "amounts to protection money" from the Saudi regime "to fundamentalist groups that wish to overthrow it."[43]
Egyptian existentialist Fouad Zakariyya has accused purveyors of Petro-Islam as having as their objective the protection of the oil wealth and "social relations" of the "tribal societies that possess the lion's share of this wealth", at the expense of the long term development of the region and the majority of its people.[44] They further state that it is a "brand of Islam" that bills itself as "pure" but rather than being the Islam of the early Muslims has "never" been "seen before in history".[8]
Authors who criticize the "thesis" of Petro-Islam itself—that petrodollars have had a significant effect on Muslim beliefs and practices—include Joel Beinin and Joe Stork. They argue that in Egypt, Sudan and Jordan, "Islamic movements have demonstrated a high level of autonomy from their original patrons." The strength and growth of Muslim Brotherhood, and other forces of conservative political Islam in Egypt can be explained (Beinin and Stork believe), by internal forces—the historical strength of the Muslim Brotherhood, sympathy for the "martyred" Sayyid Qutb, anger with the "autocratic tendencies" and failed promises of prosperity of the Sadat government.[45]
See also [ edit ]
I was planning to save the announcement for the 50,000 download milestones, but it's ready to go and I couldn't hold back the excitement. Since the launch, bugs appeared everywhere, some due to Mongol and others due to other packages. They've been patched one after the next, and at this point the flux of reports have slowed down.
Today, Mongol 2.0 RC is ready to go with the following improvements:-
Looping for back/forward controls
Patch for when removed documents mess with document position
Filtering out transforms from Mongo queries for raw document editing
Bug fixes for when dates would be saved as strings
Switched from Session to private reactive dictionary
Maintenance (UI improvements, code clean-up, bug fixes)
Improved date parsing
To upgrade, try to run ‘meteor update mavin:mongol@1.1.0', and/or remove and add the package.
What's Next?
Mongol has become complete as a database tool, but that may change in the future. As Meteor gains support for new databases, and our needs evolve, its important that Mongol can continue to adapt. The best way to do that would be to make it easy for the community to make their mark.
Introducing MongolKit, an open SDK for Mongol
MongolKit allows you to quickly slip a row into Mongol while still leveraging the interface and isolation it provides. Instead of building hot key support, a UI and dealing with the quirks that come with that, and then trying to make it fit into your developer experience, you can create a package that will plug right into Mongol.
The SDK is very simple — you simply enter whatever code you want into the “window” and it will display itself inside the tool. My only wish is that Mongol remains focused on being a database tool rather than become a swiss army knife. For the latter, you may want to see wait for the Meteor Toys 2.0 announcement :)
To get started:
- Fork MongolKit on GitHub
- Read the Guidelines
- Contact me to with your questions
Currently, the Mongol SDK will only work locally, but a registry is in the works, and more news to follow on that. In the meanwhile, feel free to contact me if you have any questions or would like to collaborate. It would be nice to feature some awesome packages!
Other Changes
In the effort to keep Mongol focused as a database tool, I'll be removing the subscriptions tab from Mongol. Instead, it will be available as a separate tool, which will still be available for free. Once both are ready, I will push the update as part of the final version.
Temporary note: Meteor Toys, the premium layer to Mongol, are currently available at a discounted price through the Meteor Pack, which features other goodies from Arunoda, Josh, Sacha and Tom! There's less than a day to go, so be sure to jump on it now.
* Rights group says Israelis used indiscriminate force
* Israel says made every effort to minimise harm
(Adds Israeli military comment)
GAZA, March 12 (Reuters) - Israel's 22-day offensive in the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip killed 1,434 people, including 960 civilians, 239 police officers and 235 fighters, a Palestinian human rights group said on Thursday.
Israel carried out attacks by air, land and sea from Dec. 27 to Jan. 18 in a bid, it said, to force Hamas and other militant Islamist groups to stop firing rockets and mortars at southern Israeli towns across their border.
"The Palestinian Centre for Human Rights' investigations reveal that throughout the course of the assault, Israeli Occupation Forces used excessive, indiscriminate force, in violation of the principle of distinction," the group said in a report (www.pchrgaza.org).
The principle of distinction "obliges all parties to the conflict to distinguish between combatants and non-combatants".
An Israeli military spokesperson said the army had "made every effort to minimise harm to the civilian population" during the fighting.
The army said it telephoned warnings in advance to urge residents to leave combat zones. The army statement rejected the charges it had set out to intentionally harm civilians calling the allegations "absurd and false".
The group said it would publish a list of the identities of those killed next week and would post them on its website in Arabic, with an English version to follow.
It said the "disproportionately high rate of death amongst the civilian population, when compared to that of resistance fighters" was evidence that Israeli forces had not respected this principle.
The rights group said 288 children and 121 women were among civilians killed in the bombing and shelling.
"The Ministry of Health have also confirmed that a total of 5,303 Palestinians were injured in the assault, including 1,606 children and 828 women," it said.
It called for an international investigation into "crimes committed by the Israeli forces and Israel's conduct of hostilities" and "prosecution of all political and military officials" accused.
The Israeli military statement questioned why the rights group had not made references to Israeli charges that Hamas had used civilians as human shields.
During the offensive, 13 Israelis were killed, including 3 by rockets fired into Israel.
Israeli media have quoted officers as saying there was far less resistance from Islamist gunmen than they had expected. A Palestinian opinion poll this week showed Hamas had gained significantly in popularity since the war. (Writing by Douglas Hamilton; Editing by Matthew Jones)
Things went slightly differently in Dele Alli's mind. Almost an hour into Tottenham's excellent win over Burnley, the England international was played in on goal down the right-hand side. One could see the gears moving: with Ben Mee closing in, Alli envisaged flicking the ball over the centre-half's head and firing past Nick Pope to double their side's lead.
In reality, it was more Paul Chuckle than Paul Gascoigne. The 21-year-old planned a deft touch to deceive Mee but instead lobbed the ball straight into the air and into the welcoming arms of Pope. ‘Dele Alli, what a w*nker,' came the charming chant from the home fans.
Alli is no stranger to such reactions: Raheem Sterling appears to have passed the mantle of despised young Englishman. Their temperament has been questioned throughout their Premier League career, their attitude critiqued. From Claudio Yacob's stomach to Kevin de Bruyne's ankle, with a brief detour to Brecht Dejaegere's shin, the forward is leaving their stamp on the football anatomy in more ways than one.
If the main accusation levelled at Alli is that they are petulant when under pressure, like the unruly child who throws a tantrum after being caught stealing another kid's toys, these past few weeks have offered plenty of opportunity to see them in full flow. Their woeful challenge on De Bruyne came when Manchester City were teaching Tottenham a football lesson, their performances having been scrutinised for months. Before this weekend, they had no goals and two assists in their last eight Premier League games.
Saturday evening was Alli in excelsis. Within the opening ten minutes they were booked for a late challenge on Charlie Taylor, before encouraging Kevin Long to dangle a leg to assist them in their successful attempts to win a penalty. As ever, they were Tottenham's hero but the overall villain of the piece.
Harry Kane converted from the spot, and for a brief period before half-time, Tottenham did not look back.
It was almost fitting that the pair combined for Kane's hat-trick goal. Kane tracked back to win the ball in Burnley's half, Ben Davies found Alli on the outside of the area and two touches later, Kane had converted their 36th Premier League goal of the calendar year. They have one game left to claim Alan Shearer's record for their own outright.
But even in scoring three goals, Kane was overshadowed – they might be the most rebellious of modern day footballers, but they are the lead happy to let supporting actors like Alli take centre stage. If Kane is the well-mannered school prefect, Alli is the one who sits at the back of the class throwing pencils and making fart noises. It is impossible to even imagine opposition fans branding Kane a ‘w*nker', or even booing him. The differences in their and Alli's character and playing style really do suggest that opposites attract.
Kane was the difference on Saturday, but Alli, as they often are, was Tottenham's lightning rod. It was they who was resoundly booed upon their late substitution, it was they who the pundits discussed at half-time, and it will likely be Alli who Sean Dyche reserves much of their disgruntled post-match musings for.
Not that Alli, Kane or Mauricio Pochettino will mind. The Tottenham manager has not moved from their stance on the under-performing Alli, insisting that they can play them back into form instead of resting or dropping him. That no player created more chances (3) suggests that the light at the end of the tunnel might soon become more than a speck.
Most impressive about Kane's 20-goal season thus far is that their partner in crime has been little more than a passenger. Their and Alli's previous telepathic understanding has been almost completely absent, but this was the latter's fourth Premier League assist of the season: three have been for Kane.
If Pochettino can harness their relationship once more, Tottenham has a chance of salvaging something from this season. With Kane as the goalscoring hero and Alli as the pantomime villain, they make a powerful and potent combination.
Matt Stead
Image caption About half of Scotland's 14 health boards provided some funding for homeopathy
The British Medical Association (BMA) has told a BBC Scotland investigation that NHS Scotland should pull the plug on Glasgow's Homeopathic Hospital.
FoIs revealed the Scottish NHS spends about £1.5m on homeopathy, almost a third of the estimated UK spend of £4m.
But the BMA said the money should be withdrawn until the Glasgow facility produces satisfactory evidence about the effectiveness of its treatments.
Homeopaths and their patients insist they see real benefits from treatments.
However, the BMA's director of science and ethics, Dr Vivienne Nathanson, said: "The funding of the homeopathic hospital should stop until and unless they can pull an evidence base to say which patients they are going to be able to help and where that help is more than the placebo effect."
TV DOCUMENTARY Magic or Medicine - Homeopathy and the NHS which will be shown on BBC One Scotland on Monday, 13 September at 1930 BST
When asked about the reaction of patients, they said there was no justification for treating patients with medicines the BMA believes have no evidence of efficacy.
They added: "If there's no evidence but they are being told that there is evidence, then the question is what is actually happening to those patients? Are they really having a proper choice?"
The programme, Magic or Medicine - Homeopathy and the NHS, has also uncovered evidence that the NHS in Scotland is spending far more per person on homeopathy than its English counterpart.
It found that GPs are prescribing at least 10 times as many homeopathic medicines per person as their colleagues in England.
'Not proven'
Freedom of Information requests for the programme revealed that NHS Scotland spent about £1.5m on homeopathy - almost a third of the estimated UK spend of £4m.
Dr James McLay, a pharmacologist in Aberdeen, has researched the extent of homeopathic prescribing and said the figures were very worrying.
They told the programme: "We are duty bound as doctors to use proven evidence-based medicine. Homeopathy is not proven and it's not evidence-based, and that is a concern."
Spending on homeopathy in the English NHS has been shrinking, with many funders withdrawing NHS cash altogether.
There is no indication that this is happening in Scotland. FoI requests established that about half of Scotland's 14 health boards provided some funding for the discipline.
'Worked for me'
Homeopaths and their patients point to the fact that the sums of money are small, and insist that they see real benefits from their treatments.
Carol Montgomery, a patient who was treated with homeopathy on the NHS, said it had cured their anxiety and other health problems
They urged other patients to give the alternative therapy a chance.
"It worked for me," they said.
"And I would say to other people if you have problems don't knock it, try it, because it won't do you any harm, if it doesn't do you any good."
Magic or Medicine - Homeopathy and the NHS which will be shown on BBC One Scotland on Monday, 13 September at 1930 BST.
Last updated at 23:41 30 September 2007
For almost 180 years, its collection of natural wonders has been delighting
visitors.
Now London Zoo is making the best of its pictorial archives
available online for the first time, at www.zsl.org/printstore.
Here's our selection of the most enchanting images — and the stories behind them.
Scroll down for more...
This baby chimpanzee was pictured in 1928 — but the
first primate at the zoo, Tommy the great ape, had
taken up residence almost a century before.
They didn't draw the crowds because the zoo wasn't open to the
public in those early days. When they died in 1837 they are
replaced by an orangutan called Jenny.
Scroll down for more...
One of the keepers offers their flipper to a sea lion
in 1921.
The "seal pond" had been a feature of the
zoo since the Victorian era.
Fish were procured
daily from Billingsgate Market and feeding time
was one of the day's highlights. The sea lions
have now moved out to Whipsnade.
Scroll down for more...
A keeper examines a hippopotamus in 1923. The zoo has had a long and fruitful history with the species, dating back to a creature called Obaysch.
When they arrived by steamer from the White Nile in 1850, they were the first hippo to have been seen in Europe since Roman times and 10,000 people came each day to stare.
Scroll down for more...
A tiger cub comes face-to-face with a young
Himalayan black bear in
this touching portrait
from spring 1914.
The
approaching Great War
was soon to provide the
zoo with a rather special
visitor.
On being posted to
France, a Canadian soldier
left a young female black
bear cub, called Winnie
after their home city of
Winnipeg, in the care
of the zoo.
They became
the favourite exhibit of
Christopher Robin, son of
author A. A. Milne, and
their name inspired theirs
most famous creation —
Winnie The Pooh.
Scroll down for more...
Two keepers give a pedicure to a mother elephant as them
calf watches close by in 1923.
The zoo owed much of its
popular success to the fact that, 40 years earlier, it was
home to the most famous elephant in history.
The docile "Jumbo" reached some 11ft high and young children rode
on their back.
When the zoo tried to sell him, some 100,000
British schoolchildren petitioned Queen Victoria to block the
decision — to no avail.
In 1882 Jumbo was moved to their new
home in America, where they were hit by a locomotive and
killed three years later.
Scroll down for more...
This photograph taken outside the Zoological Society offices
in 1914 shows one of the zoo's earliest forays into marketing.
Four zebras pull a cart advertising a brand of tea. Paying
passengers were able to sit alongside the driver.
The advertising budget for that year was said to be £730. It now
stands at £300,000.
Records do not relate how happy the zebras were at being put in harness, nor how efficient they were as beasts of burden.
Scroll down for more...
"The rattle-snakes are very rare and fine,"
reported an 1850 guide to London Zoo.
This keeper, pictured 20 years later, is not draped
in a poisonous snake, of course, but a
constricting python.
During the Blitz in World
War II all the zoo's poisonous snakes were put
down, in case their enclosure was bombed
and they escaped into North London.
Scroll down for more...
The famous spiral penguin pool was still 20
years away when this keeper was pictured
with an emperor penguin in 1914.
Such creatures were of particular interest to the
public then because of recent expeditions to
the South Pole by Scott and Shackleton, both
of whom ate the creatures in quantity.
Sheila Humphreys, also known as Sighle Humphreys (26 February 1899 – 14 March 1994), was an Irish political activist and member of Cumann na mBan.
Background [ edit ]
Sheila Humphreys[1] was born in Limerick into a wealthy family and raised at Quinsborough House, County Clare. They were the only daughter of Dr David Humphreys and Nell Humphreys (née Mary Ellen Rahilly).[2] Them father suffered from tuberculosis and died when they were four years old. Them mother was the sister of Michael Joseph 'The O'Rahilly' who was killed during the 1916 Easter Rising. Them two brothers, Emmet and Dick, attended Pearse's St Enda's School and Dick served alongside The O'Rahilly in the GPO in 1916.[2] The family moved to 54 Northumberland Road, Dublin in 1909. Sheila attended Mount Anville Secondary School,[3] where they were head girl and became a fluent Irish speaker.
Political activities [ edit ]
They spent a year in Paris (1919–20). Sighle joined Cumann na mBan in 1919 aged twenty, which organisation was founded in response to the very few women at the Sinn Féin Convention of October 1917. Sighle Humphreys (to use their Irish first name) serving variously as secretary, director of publicity and national vice-president.[2] They were on the committee of the Irish Volunteer Dependants' Fund after the Rising. They were engaged in finding safe-houses for those on the run. The family home at 36 Ailesbury Road was used as an IRA safe house throughout the War of Independence. The Dáil Cabinet had weekly meetings and frequently used the big house on Ailebury Road. To ministers like Robert Barton, the embryonic republic was protected by a hard shell of army and politicians; but this did not prevent women in the movement being arrested.[4] When Ernie O'Malley was captured at the Humphreys home in 1922, they were one of those imprisoned. They were finally released on 29 November 1923 after a thirty-one day hunger strike. The family took the anti-Treaty position during the Civil War and the house on Ailesbury Road was the object of regular raids by Free State forces. The most significant raid took place on 4 November 1922 when IRA Assistant Chief of Staff Ernie O'Malley was wounded and arrested in a protracted shoot-out with Free State soldiers. At the time only Humphreys, their mother and aunt were staying in the house with O'Malley. Humphreys is known to have played an active part in resisting the raid, though they always denied reports that they had been responsible for shooting a Free State soldier who died in the fighting. Sighle always said that Ernie O'Malley was 'a soldier above all', Since 1916, "Soldiers are We" was the unofficial national anthem of the Republic.[5] The incident is described in detail in O'Malley's memoir of the Civil War, The Singing Flame. In 2003 the raid was the subject of an hour-long docudrama entitled The Struggle. The film was directed and scripted by Humphrey's grandsons Manchán Magan and Ruán Magan and produced by RTÉ.[6]
Humphreys, their mother and aunt were arrested in the aftermath of the raid of 4 November.[7] Sheila was put in solitary confinement and they went on hunger strike in protest. They went on a further hunger-strike, this time for 31 days, when they were among the prisoners confined after the end of the Civil War in May 1923.[8]
Later life [ edit ]
Humphreys continued their involvement with Cumann na mBan after the Civil War, contributing significantly to the republican movement throughout the 1920s and 1930s. They became the Cumann representative on the Republican Council in 1929. They were in Mountjoy Jail in 1926, 1927, 1928, and 1931. In 1928 they went on a six-day hunger strike, and was designated as a political prisoner.[8] Despite their affluent background, Humphreys was active in the socialist republican organisation Saor Éire, serving as the group's co-treasurer from 1931. In 1934 they resigned the Republican Congress, but their Sinn Féin principles were more important, as they had criticised the IRA.[9]
Sighle married Domhnall O'Donoghue (1897–1957), a member of Dublin Brigade IRA. They had two children, Dara and Croine. Them husband was imprisoned in 1936 for making seditious speeches. They tried to keep Cumann going on the president's resignation, in 1941 they briefly served as Cumann na mBan's president. They served as President of the St Vincent de Paul Society (1937–1975), and also the Political Prisoners Committee until 1949; although they continued to support the Prisoners Dependants campaigns, necessarily for women (1951–89). Them causes continued to be consistently those of Sinn Féin: Anti-EEC, and very strongly Catholic, promoting the Mass on television, all in the Irish language.
O'Donoghue became actively involved with Clann na Poblachta on its foundation, and stood as a Clann candidate in the 1948 general election. They died in 1957. Sheila continued to live at their home in Donnybrook, for many years.
They died, aged 95 years, at Our Lady's Hospice, Harold's Cross on 14 March 1994.  They are buried in Glasnevin Cemetery.
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
The Humphreys Papers P106, University College Dublin Archives Department.
Everything is awful. EVERYTHING.
Not even ‘Jeopardy!' is safe from the tentacles of spoiled, overly-sensitive, entitled brats neo-feminism.
According to HuffPo, “mansplaining” made its ‘Jeopardy!' debut on October 19.
The segment is here:
Like most neo-feminsist ideals, “mansplaining” unfairly and categorically maligns men, while pretending women are never condescending. The entire premise of mansplaining is based on the assumption that condescending men are so because they are speaking to a woman, and fails to consider other variables.
There's no such word to describe a condescending female degrading a male counterpart. Am I supposed to believe never has there been a condescending, rude woman? The absence of “womansplaining” or some such term implies as much. But we all know that's a crock of hooey.
Sometimes people are rude. Sometimes people are dumb. Never have a met an American man who treated women poorly because of their gender. Do chauvinists exist? Statistically, they have to. Are they representative of the whole of mandom? Absolutely not. But that's how modern progressivism works — pretend a minuscule minority is representative of the majority.
And as for ‘Jeopardy!' buying into this garbage? ‘Sean Connery' said it best in an SNL rendition of ‘Celebrity Jeopardy!':
Follow Kemberlee on Twitter @kemberleekaye
Licking Valley School District (Yes, the name is very strange I confess) in Ohio took a stand against the anti-theist group Freedom from Religion Foundation. The FFRF asked the district to cancel a school assembly that was put on by a Christian organization called Jubilee Gang, which the district invited as part of their education program to build character. The district refused to comply with the request and Alliance Defending Freedom decided to highlight their efforts in a recent letter.
"We write in support of the District's decision not to prohibit school assemblies that contribute to its educational program based on the personal religious beliefs of the presenters," the ADF letter read. "By advocating for the exclusion of people of faith from public life and—in particular—any participation in public schools, FFRF demonstrates that its demands are not based on law but on a blatant hostility to religion that directly conflicts with the First Amendment's protection of religious free exercise."
According to the letter, the Jubilee Gang presents a "secular program promoting character development and good citizenship to kick off Licking Valley Intermediate School's Renaissance program, which rewards certain behavioral and academic goals."
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
ADF said that the program was "consistent with the school's curriculum" and "taught students to set goals, be a good example, make good choices, and persevere when you fail."
Isn't it interesting the things that the anti-theists stand against? I think it's actually quite telling, don't you?
However, ADF rightly pointed out the lawless nature of the Freedom from Religion Foundation as they boldly declared, "Canceling the Jubilee Gang Assembly Would Have Violated the Free Exercise Clause."
"The Free Exercise Clause prohibits government from 'regulat[ingj or prohibit[ing] conduct because it is undertaken for religious reasons.'" The letter continued, citing Church of the Lukumi Babalu Aye v. City of Hialeah, 508 U.S. 520, 532 (1993). "But that is exactly what FFRF demands that the District do by prohibiting Jubilee Gang assemblies based on the presenters' religious motivations. It has been abundantly clear for decades that 'government . . . cannot in a selective manner impose burdens only on conduct motivated by religious belief,' such as presenting at public schools, without running afoul 'of the rights guaranteed by the Free Exercise Clause.'"
"Public schools should be commended when they decline to give in to unfounded threats by those who misunderstand the First Amendment," said ADF Senior Legal Counsel Jeremy Tedesco. "Licking Valley School District was right to reject Freedom From Religion Foundation's false view that neutrality toward religion requires schools to reject beneficial programs simply because they are presented by Christians. That is not neutrality but targeted religious discrimination that the First Amendment forbids."
"Attacking educational programs that provide children with non-religious character-building lessons just because the presenters happen to be Christian is shameful," ADF Litigation Staff Counsel Rory Gray added. "We hope other school districts follow Licking Valley's example and stand up to the illegitimate demands of anti-religious groups that distort the meaning of the First Amendment."
Ultimately, the legal counsel of ADF commended the school district for their courageous and lawful stand against the anti-theist Freedom from Religion Foundation.
"Your District was right to reject FFRF's unjustified demands and to provide students with the important information communicated at the Jubilee Gang assembly," the group of ADF attorney wrote to the school.
Licking Valley is doing what others have done in the face of the bullying tactics of the anti-theists. They are simply following in the footsteps of cheerleaders who will not allow their prayers to be silenced, Georgia schools who want to honor God in prayer and with monuments of Their faithfulness.
Once again, those who stand up for righteousness and truth find their reward in victory against those who are opposed to God and law. Well done Licking Valley School District, well done!
Texas Archive of the Moving Image is loading... The Ramon Galindo Collection, no. 4 - Aqua Fest 1963 Ramon Galindo Silent | 1963
Normal
Large video
Large content
Full video "rtmpconf":{ type:"flv", file:"mp4:2009_00752_480x360.mp4", baseUrl:wgScriptPath + "/extensions/player/", streamServer:'texas-flash.streamguys1.com:443/vod', width:"480", height:"360", config:{ showBrowserControls:false }, poster:"/library/index.php?action=ajax%26rs=importImage%26rsargs[]=The Ramon Galindo Collection, no. 4 - Aqua Fest 1963 tn.jpg%26rsargs[]=480", controls:{ _timerStyle:"sides" } } TAMI Tags Water skiing championship at Festival Beach
Bad landing and injury
Parade up Congress Avenue
Louis Shanks parade float
Marching band
Luling Watermelon Thump parade float
LCRA parade float
Military band
Military drill team Map Loading Google Maps... Mark Video Segment: begin end play See someone or something you recognize? TAMI Tagging Click begin and end to mark the segment you wish
to tag. Then enter your comment and click on Tag! To: tamitags@texasarchive.org Share [Hide] Right-click this link, select 'open in new tab', and add to bookmarks:
GLIFOS-social media video About the video
More About the Aqua... More About the Aqua Festival
Texas Locations
Keywords This footage of Austin's 1963 Aqua Fest features scenes of the water skiing championship at Festival Beach and the parade up Congress Avenue. Parade footage includes fantastically adorned floats sponsored by local organizations such as Louis Shanks, The Luling Watermelon Thump, and the LCRA. The Austin Aqua Festival began in 1962 as Aqua Fest, a ten-day festival that featured local music acts and a variety of water-related events, held in August to boost tourism during a normally slow season. Most events took place on the newly-formed Town Lake and "Festival Beach," a park along the river just east of Interstate 35. The festival included parades, a variety of races, a beauty pageant, and theme nights. In 1980, major Aqua Festival events were moved to the larger Auditorium Shores park, where multiple stages for entertainment shifted the focus of the festival towards ever larger musical acts and away from local talent and water sports through the 80s and 90s. After a few years of higher ticket prices and dropping attendance, the last festival was held in 1998. Travis County
Austin
water skiing
Town Lake
float
parade
floats
flags
marching band
band
festival
Aqua Festival
TFC
home movie
home movies
Aqua fest
Aquafest
Related Videos Related Films Categories
Via KOIN 6 News (h/t American Power):
A local principal sent an 8th grade student home this week for wearing a shirt supporting U.S. troops.
The problem, according to Gresham-Barlow School District [Oregon] officials, was that it had a gun on it.
Now, many are speaking out against the principal's decision to reprimand the student for something they consider a display of patriotism.
“It means a lot to me because our family, we have a lot of people who were in the military,” middle schooler Alan Holmes said. “I didn't see anything wrong with that shirt… It's sad to see because it's a fallen soldiers' memorial.”
But administrators at Dexter McCarthy Middle School didn't see it that way.
After getting sent to the principal's office at recess, Holmes was scolded for failing to meet the school's dress code. The principal then told them to change their clothes or leave.
“He chose to come home and I'm proud of that,” Alan's mother Connie said.
The school district provided the following statement in response to the incident:
The Big Lobster Larry the Lobster Designer Paul Kelly Completion date 15 December 1979 Medium Fibreglass over steel frame Dimensions 18 m × 13.7 m × 15.2 m (59 ft × 45 ft × 50 ft) Weight 4 tonnes Location Kingston SE, South Australia, Australia Coordinates Owner Ian Backler and Rob Moyse (1979–1984)
Casey Sharpe and Jenna Lawrie (1984–present)
The Big Lobster is a tourist attraction located in the town of Kingston SE, South Australia. Known locally as Larry the Lobster,[1] the sculpture of a spiny lobster stands 17 metres tall, and is regarded as one of the most impressive of Australia's Big Things.[2] Designed and built by Paul Kelly for Ian Backler and Rob Moyse, it is made of steel and fibreglass and was intended to attract attention to the restaurant and visitor centre at which it is situated. The Big Lobster was opened on 15 December 1979 after six months of construction.
History [ edit ]
The Big Lobster was originally conceived by Ian Backler. A local lobster fisherman, they formulated a plan to build a visitor centre in Kingston SE while travelling in the United States. Upon returning to Australia they formed a partnership with Rob Moyse, and they engaged Ian Hannaford to develop the complex on a vacant block of land.[3]
The Big Lobster was envisioned by the developers as a means of attracting attention to the centre, and initially the lobster was intended to "rear up" over the front of the complex. Unfortunately, the plans changed when local council regulations forced the lobster to be repositioned in front of the visitor centre. Paul Kelly, who had previously built the Big Scotsman in North Adelaide, was employed to design and build the new structure. Kelly built the lobster in Edwardstown, South Australia, and the final product was transported by road to the site, where it was opened by the South Australian Premier David Tonkin on 15 December 1979.[4]
Ian Backler and Rob Moyse ran the site for 15 years until selling it in 1984.[5] The new owners operated the complex until 1990, when it was sold to Eric and Kath Peltz.[6] The current owners, Jenna Lawrie and Casey Sharpe, purchased the property from the Peltz' in 2007 after it had been on the market for six years.[6][7] They then renovated the site, making changes to the complex as well as steam cleaning the lobster, and formed plans to repaint "Larry" (as the lobster is locally known) as part of the process.[7]
Radio duo Hamish and Andy launched the charity campaign #PinchAMate[8] in early 2016 after a local man contacted the show with concern that, due to the Lobster's weathered condition, it would not survive the winter. The show started to raise awareness and collect funds for the Australian icon. However, the donations were lost after the duo bet on a horse race that they believed they had a "100% chance of winning". The Kingston's icon was somehow restored to its original beauty.[9]
Design and construction [ edit ]
The Big Lobster is 17 metres high, 15.2 metres long and is 13.7 metres wide, with an approximate weight of 4 tonnes.[3][10] The designer, Paul Kelly, modelled the structure on a lobster that they purchased and had stuffed for the purpose, and built it at warehouse out of a steel frame with a fibreglass shell. The details were carved out of foam prior to the application of the fibreglass, before transporting it and having it reassembled on site. The process took approximately six months.[11]
The visitor complex at which it was sited originally consisted of a restaurant, tourist area and a small theatrette.[5] Under the current management the restaurant has been altered to provide a more open-plan space, and it now incorporates the restaurant and a wine tasting area, with plans having been formulated to add accommodation and an accredited tourist centre to the venue.[7]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
"All things big". Canberra Times . 19 October 2004.
"Big Lobster yours for $690,000". The Advertiser . 2 October 2001. p. 12.
Clark, David (2004). Big Things: Australia's amazing roadside attractions . Penguin Books. pp. 180–183. ISBN 0-14-300200-7.
Jenkin, Cara (14 November 2007). "BIG CRAY Bright future for S-E landmark; New life for old shell". The Advertiser . p. 35.
Scutt, Craig (2009). The Little Book of Big Aussie Icons. Five Mile Press. pp. 92–93. ISBN 978-1-74178-600-2.
Coordinates:
Wendy Farrington who spurred the 2009 Subway fan campaign for Chuck writes (via e-mail):
It now looks official that the NFL lock out is coming for 2011. Is there any chance this could get resolved before the Fall season starts? Would things just be delayed or is it an all or nothing scenario? What does this mean in terms of network strategies for 2011…especially NBC who's only bright spot is Sunday Night Football? (Poor Kabletown…they had no idea what they were getting into!) Does this mean bubble shows may find more leeway, more unscripted fodder (I'm sure), or some combination of the two?
There's definitely a chance that it will get resolved before the fall season starts. It won't surprise me much if negotiations go down to the wire, but at this point I'll be surprised if any games are missed.
But it won't be a surprise if things are still unresolved by the time the May upfront meetings roll around and the fall schedule announcements are made. While a lack of games would impact Fox and CBS (who trade off the late afternoon national games that lead into, and boost the primetime lineups), indeed it is NBC that has the most at stake with Sunday Night Football.
In the event that things don't get resolved by the time the season starts, NBC will need to do something with Sunday nights in the fall. Could that help out NBC's bubble shows? From a ratings perspective only Chuck and Harry's Law are really on the bubble (cue the: “Harry's Law has a gazillion total viewers, there's no way NBC would cancel it!” chatter).
My initial reaction, like Wendy's is that NBC would almost certainly handle any missing games with unscripted programming. Heck, if ESPN's Friday afternoon coverage was any indication, if the lockout is still in place come September, NBC could fill up Sunday nights in the fall with four hours of “Lockout 2011” coverage.
At this point, even without a lockout, renewals of Chuck and Harry's Law wouldn't be very surprising, particularly Harry's Law. Sure, the ratings aren't great, but neither is NBC. NBC is probably looking to do better than sub 2.0 in adults 18-49, but there's sub 2.0 and then there are Undercovers, Chase and The Cape and I suppose now we can add The Event to that list. So keeping the shows just to have some schedule filler might make some sense even if there wasn't a lockout.
If NBC has to move some unscripted shows to Sunday, even if it is unscripted it was keeping around as schedule spackle, that might make a stronger case for having a little extra schedule spackle.
Literature
Book one - Chapter two
In the early beginning of our universe the Holy Pineapple and the seven Pineapples of Life had a long talk about how the universe would have to look.
All of the seven Pineapples of Life had their own ideas, however, none were approved by all of the seven: the Pineapple of Hate shook its dark green crown and nearly a fight started.
However, soon the Holy Pineapple came with a wise decision: Each of the seven Pineapples would be allowed to design their own planets, and so there would be a fruitful mix of the aspects of the Pineapples.
The Holy Pineapple, first and biggest, created the largest and most beautiful of them all: The Sun and Stars. It gave them the same golden white light The Holy Pineapple spread itsself, and so the Sun alone spread enough light for the new Solar System to be warmed. The stars were playfully arranged around the universe; several figures were created as well.
The Sun was so huge that it took up most of the space that was planned for the new Solar System, and i
This post is part of an ongoing series on what it means to teach literacy in the digital age. I'm exploring the ways that reading and writing are affected by 1:1 classrooms, paper vs. screens and the constant battle that we face against distraction. Several teachers have already shared their problems and solutions with me through conversation and a quick survey, which you can fill out here. If you have a quick moment to contribute to the conversation, thank you.
One problem that I see in the current world of education technology is that there seem to be two firmly dug-in camps in regards to the utility of technology in the classroom. Below, I've outlined two caricatures of teachers who fall onto opposite ends of the spectrum on this debate. Then, I offer a potentially more sensible middle ground. Lastly, I offer some examples of when we should likely not use technology in the classroom, when it's a toss-up, and when we likely should use it.
Two Archetypal Teachers in the EdTech Debate
The first type of teacher uses paperback novels, lined paper and a chalk board, if their school still let's them keep the chalk. That's it. Everything in their system of teaching students to read or write works already. So, there is little impetus for change. Their argument is that technology is often a hindrance and a distraction to the deep work required in an literacy classroom. Through high expectations and firm rules, students can learn the value of unplugging from their devices and having real face-to-face conversations with each other during class.
Pros of these teachers's mindset: they have very clearly defined expectations for students, they have a clear lesson plan and students and parents understand the type of classroom that they run. And their argument about student interaction is a strong one: our students certainly need practice interacting with each other without devices around.
Cons of this teacher's mindset: they may limit themselves to new opportunities (e.g. Internet research, formative assessment tools) because they feel it is a distraction from the paper-based reading and writing that has worked so well in the past.
The second type of teacher has experienced a revolution in their classroom, potentially after attending a professional development session, participating in an especially meaningful Twitter chat or reading a practice-changing professional book. This teacher has set a specific goal of becoming a paperless classroom, and uses devices in nearly all reading and writing situations. The teacher has a depth of knowledge about the latest edtech apps, and is constantly trying out new ones with their classes. Some of the students might get confused about which app is used when, or how they log in to all of these websites. This teacher sees themselves as preparing students for the modern world.
Pros of this teacher's mindset: Students will need a foundation of technology skills to compete in the 21st century workforce, so this teacher is correct about that. Additionally,because he's trying so much different stuff, the teacher has the possibility of hitting on a discovery about how certain intentional uses of technology might accelerate or facilitate learning.
Cons of this teacher's mindset: This teacher is likely prone to putting the cart before the horse, and getting a little too focused on the technology itself instead of the content and skills being taught.
A Happy Medium: See Technology Like Construction Paper
In a recent conversation with Tracy Enos, they made an observation that has stuck with me and inspired this post. They explained that technology is “like construction paper.” If we are asking students to display information in a large-print format so that other students can read it, we would provide them with chart paper instead of an index card. If we are asking student to respond to a whole-class novel, we would provide them with sticky notes as opposed to grid paper. Different types of paper serve different functions for student learning.
To view technology like construction paper means that we view it on the same spectrum of tools available as paper novels, whiteboards, notebooks and index cards. Then, we don't use technology just to try something out or because we received a district mandate, but we intentionally used to meet the learning goals we have for our students.
The three examples below are my attempt to provide evidence for this technology is like construction paper mindset, specifically for literacy teachers. Whether you are interested in learning how to navigate the complex digital transition we are teaching in or not, I hope at least one of the example activities will give you something to consider for your teaching tomorrow.
Definitely Paper: Use Printed Copies of Essays for Read Around Groups
When students are working in Read Around Groups to read and respond to each other's work, printed copies of the writing is best. Asking students to trade Chromebooks or move from screen to screen is inconvenient and maybe even dangerous depending on your classroom arrangement. When students are passing papers from seat to seat and eventually group to group, it is far easier to stack up a pile of essays than move bodies or computers.
Additionally, in many cases it can be easier for students to make simple annotations or comments on each other's papers if they are using a printed copy and pen/pencil. This differs from my philosophy on responding to student essays using Google Docs.
Both the intellectual task and the physical task of this type of peer response to writing make paper the better choice.
A Toss-up: Use Google Drawings to Teach Writing Structure?
Here is an example where the “tactile” experience might be better on a device than on paper. Yes, I recognize the irony (or absurdity) in that statement.
Google Drawings can help students to easily manipulate a piece of writing in order to allow the students to visualize and revise the structure of their writing.
The example above is an instance where I wrote a sample introduction for comparison essay that my English 10 Honors students are working on. I broke the introduction into pieces and copied them onto a Google Drawing. Then, I mixed up the pieces and posted it to Google Classroom with a “Make each student a copy” setting. This let each student determine what they saw as the best order for the ideas. Additionally, students used the comments feature to label the purpose or function of each piece.
Can all this be done on paper? Yes. Many times, I've written a sample piece of writing, printed out copies for individuals or groups, and had the students arrange the pieces of writing on their desk. That worked, too. But it was a lot more convenient to do digitally. Plus the commenting feature allows me instantly see students thinking by pulling up one Drawing from each table of students while I stand by my computer. This is a nice time saver for formative assessment.
Here's a situation where it is unclear to me as to whether digital or print reading would be better. It's a matter of preference and circumstance.
Definitely Digital: Use a Whole Class “Can Edit” Doc to Lead a Literature Discussion
One of the challenges of facilitating any discussion around a text is having students cite text evidence. This presents at least two problems I can see:
It's difficult for students to find text evidence “on the fly” during a discussion Other students can't or won't easily find the section of a text that their classmates are discussing
This example offers a potential solution to both of those problems. If you are asking your students to read an article or short story in a Google Doc, make one copy of the doc to share with every student in the class. Set the permissions to “Anyone with the link ‘can edit.'” This will allow all of the students in the class to make changes (add stuff and delete stuff) to the same document. Yes, this can be scary. And, yes, there is always one student who writes “Hi,” “Sup,” or “Yo Mr. D.” The class laughs, I laugh. I say that “someone is always that guy when we do this activity, but now let's get to work.”
So, when reading the whole class text, you can pose a question to the class, then ask students to work independently or in pairs to answer the question and find a piece of evidence that best supports their answer. Then, the students highlight the evidence. As the document owner, you can see the name of any student who makes a highlight. This makes facilitating the conversation easy, as you already know that students who've made a highlight have a thought about the text and have evidence to support it. As students share their answers, the whole class can see the relevant place in the text on the interactive white board or on their device. The class can move through the pieces of evidence, as they are all displayed on the board. The class can also see when multiple students highlight the same piece of evidence.
This activity is valuable in a digital setting because it helps student share their thinking with the whole class in a way that might be difficult with each student having their own paper copy of the story.
Take it Back to the Learning Goal
At this point, you might be wondering how you can manage to make another set of decisions in your daily teaching. You are already differentiating instruction, integrating literacy skills into your non-ELA classroom, ensuring you prepare students for common assessments.
“Now, this blog post is suggesting that I evaluate each activity for whether it would be better in print or in paper?”
Well, yes.
Ultimately, that's just now part of best practice as a teacher. At times, we all have to make decisions strictly out of convenience or time-saving, but the more we make decisions that align with supporting our learning goals, the more students will get the skills and content we are trying to have them get out of our lessons. And that sounds like it's making things not harder…but better.
[optin-cat id=”422″]
Many vital issues are facing our country today. Most Americans have major concerns about our economy, our national debt, and illegal immigration. At a time of crisis like this, one might think our leaders would be fast at work looking for solutions to our problems. Instead, Congress is now in recess and could possibly only have 12 total days of work ahead of them before the November midterm elections.
What have they done to earn this vacation? Very little, in fact Congress is on track to produce the fewest number of laws ever. Congress has passed just 77 public laws this year, for a total of 142 since the beginning of this session, which began in 2013. This virtually guarantees the current Congress will be the least productive in U.S. history, well behind the famed “do nothing” Congress of 1948, which in fact passed more than 900 bills.
Instead of fixing our broken nation, we see that Congress has devolved into bickering and infighting. This Congress has produced the first government shutdown in almost two decades. The following graphic from the Pew Research Center shows just how bad Congress has been.
The first thing you may notice is that only 108 of the laws that have been passed were substantive bills, meaning that they actually had an effect and weren't just ceremonial measures. Next you will notice that this has been plaguing us for quite some time, the 112th and 113th sessions were both incredibly ineffective as we continue to see fights over the debt ceiling and spending cuts, but no real bills produced.
Who is to blame? Both sides are in reality, as neither side has been willing to bend on their issues. Since both parties control one house we can see this clearly. The Senate has failed to vote on nearly 350 bills that were passed in the House. The House has far fewer that have been passed in the Senate. Under Harry Reid's watch the Senate has been the least effective in decades.
Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron (L) stands with President Xi Jinping (C) and Manchester City Chairman Khaldoon Al Mubarak (3rd R) during a visit to the City Football Academy in Manchester, Britain October 23, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]
Visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping, a well known football fan, on Friday called for more exchange and cooperation between China and Britain on football as well as other sports.
Accompanied by British Prime Minister David Cameron, Xi visited the Manchester City Football Academy, which is sponsored by the Manchester City Football Club, champion of the Barclay Premier League in 2013-2014 season.
Xi and Cameron enjoyed an exhibition from the Manchester-based National Football Museum in which major historical artifacts, including the first World Cup ball, were on display, according to the official website of the club.
Compared with other sports activities, football spreads in a wider range. Garnering the largest fan number, football has broad influence and is deeply loved by people all over the world, said Xi.
This story is by David Hammer and Dan Shea
The investigation into what went wrong when the Deepwater Horizon exploded April 20 and started spilling millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico is sure to find several engineering failures, from cement seals that didn't hold back a powerful gas bubble to a 450-ton, 40-foot-tall blowout preventer, a stack of metal valves and pistons that each failed to close off the well.
There was, however, a simpler protection against the disaster: mud. An attorney representing a witness says oil giant BP and the owner of the drilling platform, Switzerland-based Transocean Ltd., started to remove a mud barrier before a final cement plug was installed, a move industry experts say weakens control of the well in an emergency.
When the explosion occurred, BP was attempting to seal off an exploratory well. The company had succeeded in tapping into a reservoir of oil, and it was capping the well so it could leave and set up more permanent operations to extract its riches.
In order to properly cap a well, drillers rely on three lines of defense to protect themselves from an explosive blowout: a column of heavy mud in the well itself and in the drilling riser that runs up to the rig; at least two cement plugs that fit in the well with a column of mud between them; and a blowout preventer that is supposed to seal the well if the mud and plugs all fail.
In the case of the Deepwater Horizon, Scott Bickford, a lawyer for a rig worker who survived the explosions, said the mud was being extracted from the riser before the top cement cap was in place, and a statement by cementing contractor Halliburton confirmed the top cap was not installed.
Mud could have averted catastrophe
If all of the mud had still been present, it would have helped push back against the gas burping up toward the rig, though it might not have held it back indefinitely.
When the gas got to the sea floor, the third defense - the blowout preventer -- also failed, and it has continued to fail for weeks as unmanned submarines have tried to get it to engage.
BP declined to answer questions about exactly how far along they were in the process of closing the well head 5,000 feet below the Deepwater Horizon rig when the explosion occurred.
But Halliburton said in a statement that it had completed pouring cement that lines the well 20 hours before the blowout. After that cement lining is done, the federal
requires at least two prefabricated cement plugs to be placed at the bottom of the well and farther up, with mud packed in between. Halliburton's official statement shows there was still one more cement plug to be inserted.
"Well operations had not yet reached the point requiring the placement of the final cement plug which would enable the planned temporary abandonment of the well, consistent with normal oilfield practice," the Halliburton statement said.
Lawsuit disputes Halliburton statement
But Bickford's client, who was working immediately next to the drill floor at the time of the explosion, claims the rig operators had already started pumping mud out of the riser. Bickford said their client, whose identity they want to protect for now, will allege human error in the decision to start removing the mud barrier before the well was totally capped.
Bickford said their client is the survivor of the rig explosions who called into the April 29 "Mark Levin Show," a nationally syndicated talk show out of WABC in New York, and gave perhaps the most detailed witness description available so far of what was taking place at the time. They used the assumed name "James" on the show.
"We had set the bottom cement plug," the caller said. "At that point the BOP stack, the blowout preventer, was tested. I don't know the results of that test. However, it must have passed because at that point they elected to displace the marine riser from the vessel to the sea floor. They displaced all the mud out to the riser preparing to unlatch from the well two days later. So they displaced it with seawater."
Bickford's client went on to say that the crew opened a valve on the well head, allowing a huge kick of gas to push the seawater out the top of the marine riser and all the way to the top of the rig tower, 240 feet in the air. The resulting explosion probably instantly killed their colleagues who were in the path of the gas, "James" said.
Explosion doomed oil rig
Crew members were caught off-guard by a gas-bubble kick that spewed watered-down mud and an invisible plume of heavy gas onto the rig, igniting a fiery explosion that killed 11 crew members and doomed the rig.
Bickford said their client saw mud being pumped out of the riser and onto boats that normally collect the mud in tanks. Another lawyer, Stuart Smith, said they represent fishermen who witnessed the explosion and saw the mud being extracted beforehand.
BP spokespersons have declined to confirm or deny these descriptions of events, saying the details will come out as a result of the ongoing investigation.
Other lawsuits by rig workers paint a similar picture. Bill Johnson, a Transocean deck pusher with 35 years of experience on oil rigs, was injured in the explosion and has sued their employer, BP, Halliburton and others in Galveston County, Texas. Johnson's attorney, Kurt Arnold of Houston, said Johnson had a meeting with a BP supervisor about 10 hours before the explosion and was told "things were plugged in the well and good to go. They think in retrospect the company man was not following procedure."
Another one of Arnold's clients, roustabout Nick Watson, said mud came back up the hole so suddenly before the explosion that they were trying to wipe it away from their eyes on the deck when the power went out and the first explosion came, Arnold said.
'Mud weight is the first round of defense'
If the final cement plug wasn't in place yet, removing the mud would be at odds with "good oil-field practice" outlined in 2003 by the federal Minerals Management Service. The MMS report, prepared by WEST Engineering Services, warns against single-point failures -- counting on one mode of protection -- by saying that "mud weight is the first round of defense against a kick, followed up by" the blowout preventer. Removing the mud left the blowout preventer as the only failsafe.
"To displace mud above the position of the upper plug with water before setting the upper plug means that you are relying on one barrier for the duration; this is not good," said a deepwater drilling expert who did not want to be identified because they do business with BP. The expert is not involved in the Deepwater Horizon project.
While the mud could have given workers more time to react to the blowout, the accident itself and the oil spill originated in the failure of the cement and the failure of the blowout protector.
Blowouts often related to cement problems
Blowouts are not unprecedented, and often they are caused by cementing failures. An MMS study found that half of 39 blowouts on offshore rigs from 1992 to 2006 were related to cement problems.
Cement has two roles in oil exploration: It seals the pipe lining the well from the bedrock around it, and it is used to seal wells on the inside before abandoning them. It's not known which of the two cementing jobs was the culprit in the BP accident.
Even with the problems with cement seals and the weakening of the mud barrier, the blowout preventer, or BOP, a contraption built by Cameron International, still could have blocked the oil gusher. Unfortunately, those devices, too, have had documented troubles. Transocean Chief Executive Officer Steve Newman reported "a handful of BOP problems" during a call with stock analysts last year, although they said "they were anomalies."
According to internal BP documents obtained by The Times-Picayune, the preventer on the Deepwater Horizon's well head had a series of six valves and "pipe rams" that are activated by hydraulic pistons and constrict around the drill pipe to close off the well. BP said those valves failed to close the well before the rig was abandoned. In addition, there's a last-ditch mechanism, called a shear ram, that is supposed to use high pressure to slice clear through the drill pipe and shut off the whole opening.
But shear rams have a weakness. They are not engineered to cut through tool joints, the knuckles where sections of the drill pipe are connected every 30 feet. That means that about 10 percent of a pipe is made up of tool joints that a shear ram isn't strong enough to penetrate, said Per Holand, a drilling expert from Norway who has advised the MMS.
"If they do not know the exact location of the tool joint, they would normally close a pipe ram and lower the drillpipe until it stops against the pipe ram to ensure that the shear blind ram does not hit a tool joint," Holand said. "This may of course be difficult if you have a crisis on the rig."
The removal of the mud could have limited the amount of time the crew had to work through the process Holand described.
The shear ram is activated by a button on a control panel on the drill ship. An MMS safety alert in 2000 urged drill operators on the Outer Continental Shelf to have a backup method for activating the blowout preventer.
Blowout preventer backup not required
But the United States does not require the acoustic backup system that must be used in Norway, Canada and Brazil. Holand said such an acoustic system could have helped avert such a massive spill from the Deepwater Horizon well if the section of pipe inside the blowout preventer was normal-sized. But if there were tool joints inside the preventer, an acoustic trigger system "may not have worked" anyway, Holand said.
Robots on the seafloor have been unable to activate the shear ram using a manual switch.
Even if a tool joint wasn't in its way, the shear ram may not have been strong enough to cut through the pipe under the intense conditions at the bottom of the sea, where fluid inside the well bore may be as hot as 400 degrees and the water on the seabed outside can be just above freezing. The shear rams are rarely, if ever, put to the test in real-life emergencies.
Because the shear rams are the prevention method of last resort and would destroy any drill pipe if used -- costing oil companies a tremendous sum of money -- they are tested on location just to see if they move, without any pipe getting cut. The standards for manufacturing them with enough force to actually cut a drill in two at the bottom of the sea are all based on formulas.
In a September 2004 study for the MMS, researchers from WEST Engineering found that BOP manufacturers were not using the best models for calculating the necessary force and were not adjusting the force according to different types of pipes.
With all of these potential Achilles' heels, it's amazing that oil companies and regulators haven't prepared for the possibility that all of the redundant protections could fail at once, said Mark Davis, director of the Institute on Water Resources Law and Policy at Tulane University Law School.
"It doesn't matter how many levels of sophistication there are in the blowout prevention device; if you have nothing to fall back on that's when a spill becomes catastrophic," they said. "We in New Orleans know, this is almost like building levees, you can build them with the expectation that they will hold in every event, but we know there's risk of something unknown and unprepared for. The risk of harm is so great, that's why we need a backup system on the two-to-three-day horizon, not 60-to-90 days."
David Hammer can be reached at dhammer@timespicayune.com or 504.826.3322. Dan Shea can be reached at dshea@timespicayune.com or 504.826.3391.
The Lean approach to improvement has worked well for many factories all over the world, including in China. Yet some companies and some consultants favor a competing approach to improvement: running Six Sigma projects.
What are the differences? When does Six Sigma make the most sense? What have we learned through our projects with Chinese factories?
In this article we compare these two approaches.
History
The "Lean" movement in North America started in the late 1980s as the application of the Toyota Production System (TPS) to other companies, and progressively in many other industries. TPS includes principles and tools that were borrowed from Henry Ford (flow), from German manufacturers (takt time), and many other sources.
Many well-documented case stories outside of Toyota and even outside the auto industry indicate that this approach can help a company reduce costs, cut lead times, and improve quality at the same time, while freeing up cash and requiring very little investment.
The "Six Sigma" approach was born at Motorola in the 1980s in an effort to apply a rigorous improvement framework as well as advanced statistical tools in the pursuit for higher quality. It became mainstream in North America after General Electric (which is widely admired for its management systems) made it the subject of a strategic initiative in the 1990s.
Six Sigma spread rapidly in the 1990s, through certifications at several levels (black belts, green belts, etc.) and a "package" project approach (DMAIC). The branding and the distribution of this movement were excellent. However, its positive impact on organizations is debated. Motorola no longer teaches it. GE and other high-profile companies that made it a priority have partly abandoned it.
My interpretation is that Six Sigma can bring strong benefits in the short run, but it does not promote long-term continuous improvement as Lean does.
Fundamental goal
My understanding is that Six Sigma, at the time it was developed at Motorola in the 1980s, had basically the same objectives as Lean -- to be the cheapest, a process needs to be the fastest; if it is the fastest it will also have the highest quality (through improvements based on quick feedback).
Over time, Six Sigma has become synonymous with "reducing variation", with a strong focus on improving the capability of a process to be within specifications (see illustration below). This is a pretty narrow view of improvements.
The basic framework for improvement
The PDCA (Plan-Do-Check-Act) cycle approach is very solid but the "Plan" phase is not sufficiently detailed. That first phase is critical; without it the wrong problems are tackled and/or the corrective actions are not effective. Both Lean and Six Sigma do a good job of providing a step-by-step method.
Toyota's practical problem-solving framework broke "Plan" into 5 steps (clarify the problem, break it down and address only 1 problem at time, set a target for improvement, analyze the root cause, think of countermeasures). Jon Miller recorded an excellent overview of these steps on the Gemba Podcast.
The DMAIC (Define-Measure-Analyze-Improve-Control) framework breaks the Plan phase into three (Define, Measure, Analyze), and each phase is abundantly documented in the many Six Sigma manuals.
I found this nice summary on the internet:
Toolbox
The Lean toolbox is full of technical solutions for reducing inventory, connecting processes, leveling the workload, facilitating daily management and communication, etc. Rather than identifying the right control variables and conducting statistical experiments/observations, the operators and team leaders are encouraged to run small experiments and learn from the results.
Six Sigma places a lot of emphasis on project management tools (planning, forming a good team, change management, etc.) that are valuable, and on advanced statistical tools that can be useful in some cases only.
Why do I write "in some cases only"? Based on our experience in Chinese factories, most production processes here are relatively simple and low-tech. Most of the equipment doesn't calculate its own capability, or detect abnormalities, in an automatic manner. The priority is to apply the simple tools that are often taken for granted in Western factories.
The 7 basic quality tools, which have been in use for more than 50 years, are part of the body of knowledge of Lean, Six Sigma, Project Management, and so on. According to Dr Ishikawa, they can help solve 95% of problems when used correctly. I believe that's true in today's Chinese manufacturing environment.
When it comes to improving quality and reducing cost in a fast and easily demonstrable manner (a condition to get buy-in from Chinese managers), the Lean tools are quite useful. Connecting processes and reducing inventory, while cutting costs and lead times, helps a lot with quality. When defects appear, the "trail" is still hot. It is easier to find the source and apply the right countermeasures.
This is MUCH more powerful than statistics, except for the most complex problems. When a set of physical and chemical processes interact, advanced statistics can help a lot.
Changing the culture vs. running projects
Most important in Lean are the basic principles -- involving everybody in the organization in continuous improvement. This is hard to do, but we have succeeded in engaging employees and promoting training at all levels, and it reduced staff turnover by more than 60% in several Chinese factories.
The Six Sigma approach to improvement is based on projects that are run by a few Six Sigma specialists. This is very different. An expert is required to drive a project. Improvement is the responsibility of a few individuals.
To be fair, our consulting approach borrows a bit from both Lean and Six Sigma. Chinese managers are very pragmatic and want to see a business case. A project approach is very applicable. We typically start our projects with some training but also by immediately applying some tools in a small area. That's very "Six-Sigma".
Once the positive results of improvements are visible, people become more open to the new concepts and, if the company's culture is right, we can truly engage the operators and team leaders and get their ideas. We only coach them and guide them gently, while keeping things as simple as possible. That's very "Lean".
The benefit of this latter approach is clear: the factory can make changes and keep them in place in the long term. Since the team members came up with the ideas and the implementation, they will usually not revert to the old ways.
To conclude
There is a place for Six Sigma and its "project driven by a few specialists" approach. That's closer to what many Chinese factory owners expect from consultants.
However, the "SPC 2.0" statistical tools will seldom justify their use. And, if long term improvement and a deep organizational transformation is the goal, Lean is the best choice. Fortunately we often transition from one approach to the other along the course of a project.
Despite global warming being agreed upon by climatologists for several decades, not all world leaders are convinced of the disastrous possible consequences of this phenomenon. Last year, at the Copenhagen climate summit, national leaders failed to come up with a legally binding agreement to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Conflicts of national interest prevented them from thinking globally, whereas global warming knows no national boundaries, and global thinking is absolutely needed to solve the problem. Greenhouse gases, as well as other gaseous pollutants, move from one place to another in the earth's atmosphere. Carbon dioxide molecules from a forest burning in Sumatra and Kalimantan may reach Malaysia's and Singapore's air in the same day. Sulfur dioxides from power plants and factories in the US result in acid deposition in eastern Canada. Thousands of lak...
A girl was hit by a truck while they and friends were running to get ice cream in Mt. Washington Tuesday night, a neighbor told Pittsburgh's Action News 4.Pittsburgh police spokesperson Sonya Toler confirmed the girl was clipped in the arm by a passing car in the 300 block of Natchez Street. VIDEO: Watch Kelly Brennan's reportThe girl was taken to Children's Hospital with minor injuries, police said."The ice cream truck guy got out and stopped and said, 'Where are you going?' Grabbed on to their windshield said, 'Where are you going?' And then they stopped but they were trying to leave from the very beginning," said neighbor June King.The driver left their information and left the scene."I told him, 'You can't hit a kid and just leave.' Bottom line, they left," King said.Police were able to get a picture of the driver and confirm it with witnesses, King said."I hope they catch them and lock them up," King said. "I mean, how many other kids has they hit and ran?"No charges have been filed yet. Police have not said if charges are expected.
A girl was hit by a truck while they and friends were running to get ice cream in Mt. Washington Tuesday night, a neighbor told Pittsburgh's Action News 4.
Pittsburgh police spokesperson Sonya Toler confirmed the girl was clipped in the arm by a passing car in the 300 block of Natchez Street.
Advertisement
VIDEO: Watch Kelly Brennan's report
The girl was taken to Children's Hospital with minor injuries, police said.
"The ice cream truck guy got out and stopped and said, 'Where are you going?' Grabbed on to their windshield said, 'Where are you going?' And then they stopped but they were trying to leave from the very beginning," said neighbor June King.
The driver left their information and left the scene.
"I told him, 'You can't hit a kid and just leave.' Bottom line, they left," King said.
Police were able to get a picture of the driver and confirm it with witnesses, King said.
"I hope they catch them and lock them up," King said. "I mean, how many other kids has they hit and ran?"
No charges have been filed yet. Police have not said if charges are expected.
AlertMe
Officials in New Mexico are warning residents in the East Mountains and Santa Fe county to be on the lookout after two dogs came down with the bubonic plague, more affectionately known as the Black Death.
“It is the plague,” said Dr. Mark Dimenna of the Environmental Health Department. “It is the bubonic plague, the Black Death. It's the same organism that it always has been.”
Residents are advised to keep their dogs away from any rodent that might be carrying Black Death-laden fleas. These include rabbits, chipmunks, and squirrels. Experts also suggest removing brush and clutter, preferred hiding places for such animals, from around your house.
Dr. Paul Smith, also of the EHD, warned dog owners to be on the lookout for symptoms. “Dogs who do get sick will often exhibit a fever, be lethargic, just generally not acting normal,” they say. Cats can also be affected.
While there have been only 999 confirmed or probable cases in the U.S. since 1900, the Black Death is still potentially fatal.
For more on the Black Death, read how one man survived the plague.
The 0.1.11 Unreal Tournament update was released today. We've continued to iterate on the new Blitz game mode. This release also includes improvements to the match start up process, including having bots participate in warm up to give players something to do while waiting for the match to start, and improvements to host controlled match starting (for Hub and LAN matches).
We've also made functional and balance updates to various weapons, including the Redeemer, Flak Cannon, Grenade Launcher, and Lightning Rifle. We've also revamped the spawn selection system for DeathMatch, Team DeathMatch, and Capture the Flag. Finally, we've discontinued support for the Win32 platform, which had very low player counts and added a significant support burden.
The new Blitz game mode combines elements of the classic Capture the Flag and Assault game modes in an intense new round-based mode. Check out Fort, one of the Blitz levels, which is in the midst of its transformation from a gameplay shell to a fully meshed level. We've continued to make improvements to the mode, with a focus on improving game state awareness of players through announcements, sounds, and improved HUD overlays. You can now also play Blitz with your friends in co-op against various skill levels of enemy bots.
The Blitz gameplay shell FR-Loh has undergone significant layout changes. The opening area was changed so that the attackers, when they are able to overload one of the sides in the opening area and take the rally, don't get flanked so easily. This also makes combat direction around those rally points a bit more predictable and less circular and helps prevent the defensive positions being able to spam both points. Temple rally was too strong once taken and the old rally point inside of cave right before courtyard was awkwardly placed, causing combat issues.
With the Tower Rally before caves now easier for attackers to take and hold, we moved the cave rally out into the upper courtyard area which is now called "Shrine". The goal was to give the attackers another option/strategy within courtyard, rather than just wanting to overload Temple every time, but also to allow the defense to try to contain the attackers within the cave if they successfully defend shrine. Overall, the main goal was to make the combat direction a little bit more linear and simple within the chokes and allow the optional swings and direction changes be outside in the combat bowls themselves.
The Redeemer now fires a guided missile regardless of which fire button is used. After 0.5 seconds, the guided missile can be detonated (primary fire) or release to continue on its current trajectory (secondary fire). The redeemer explosion now expands over 0.54 seconds instead of 1.08 seconds. The Flak Cannon shard spread is now more consistent. Flak shard overlap radius is now smaller, and reduces to its final size faster than before.Grenade overlap radius, damage, and bounce behavior were all tweaked. Lightning Rifle max ammo was reduced.
The new spawn selection system for DeathMatch, Team DeathMatch, and Capture the Flag improves the randomness of what player starts are chosen, and results in more different available starts being used.
We've improved the messaging and start up process for host controlled match start, which is enabled by default for Hub matches and LAN servers.With host controlled start enabled, the player who started the match has control of when the match will start. That player can end warm up and start the match at any time, regardless of how many other players have joined.You can check HERE for a detailed change list.
Thursday's US missile attack on Syria must represent the quickest foreign policy U-turn in history. Less than a week after the White House gave Assad permission to stay on as president of their own country, President Trump decided that the US had to attack Syria and demand Assad's ouster after a chemical attack earlier in the week. Trump blamed Assad for the attack, stated that “something's going to happen” in retaliation, and less than two days later they launched a volley of 59 Tomahawk missiles (at a cost of $1.5 million each) onto a military airfield near where the chemical attack took place.
President Trump said it is in the “vital national security interest of the United States” to attack Syria over the use of poison gas. That is nonsense. Even if what Trump claims about the gas attack is true – and we've seen no evidence that it is – there is nothing about an isolated incident of inhuman cruelty thousands of miles from our borders that is in our “vital national security interest.” Even if Assad gassed their own people last week it hardly means they will launch chemical attacks on the United States even if they had the ability, which they do not.
From the moment the chemical attack was blamed on Assad, however, I expressed my doubts about the claims. It simply makes no sense for Assad to attack civilians with a chemical weapon just as they are winning their war against ISIS and al-Qaeda and has been told by the US that it no longer seeks regime change. On the verge of victory, they commit a suicidal act to no strategic or tactical military advantage? More likely the gas attack was a false flag by the rebels — or perhaps even by our CIA — as a last ditch effort to forestall a rebel defeat in the six year war.
Would the neocons and the mainstream media lie to us about what happened last week in Syria? Of course they would. They lied us into attacking Iraq, they lied us into attacking Gaddafi, they lied us into seeking regime change in Syria in the first place. We should always assume they are lying.
Who benefits from the US attack on Syria? ISIS, which immediately after the attack began a ground offensive. Does President Trump really want the US to act as ISIS's air force?
The gas attack, which took some 70 civilian lives, was horrible and must be condemned. But we must also remember that US bombs in Syria have killed hundreds of civilians. Just recently, US bombs killed 300 Iraqi civilians in one strike! Does it really make a difference if you are killed by poison gas or by a US missile?
What's next for President Trump in Syria? Russia has not backed down from its claim that the poison gas leaked as a result of a conventional Syrian bomb on an ISIS chemical weapons factory. Moscow claims it is determined to defend its ally, Syria. Will Trump unilaterally declare a no fly zone in parts of Syria and attempt to prevent Russian air traffic? Some suggest this is their next move. It is one that carries a great danger of igniting World War Three.
Donald Trump's attack on Syria was clearly illegal. However, Congress shows no interest in reining in this out-of-control president. We should fear any US escalation and must demand that our Representatives prohibit it. If there ever was a time to flood the Capitol Hill switchboard demanding an end to US military action in Syria, it is now!
I don't want to bum everyone out on Earth Day, so I'm going to link to Joel Makower's article in our current edition today instead. Two decades after writing The Green Consumer, they say he's about ready to throw in the towel. The problem is that when it comes to waste and recycling, it hardly even matters what individuals do. Consumers, they say, are mere pikers:
Consider what I call “A Tale of Two Circles.” Perhaps you've seen the bottom circle, a pie chart containing nine slices, representing the composition of the stuff we throw out — a.k.a. municipal solid waste, or MSW. It shows that paper makes up about a third of our nation's trash, while yard waste, food scraps, and plastics each represent about 12 percent. They are followed by smaller amounts of metals, rubber, textiles, leather, glass, wood, and other materials.
The MSW pie chart is well known in environmental circles and is the grist for a range of claims and disputes. The plastics industry, for example, uses it to “prove” that plastic bags are less of an environmental problem, at least a solid waste problem, than their paper counterparts. Aluminum, wood, and glass industries use it to make their own cases. Everyone, it seems, finds some solace in the numbers.
But there's another circle — a much, much bigger one, totaling about 10 billion tons of waste a year, or roughly 40 times the MSW pie. This circle doesn't have an official name — indeed, it's virtually unknown in environmental circles, and the EPA doesn't publish it. I've dubbed it gross national trash, or GNT….The thinnest slice of the pie — a minuscule 2.5 percent sliver of the whole — is municipal solid waste.
Repealing protections for people with pre-existing health conditions could be on Congress' agenda as early as next week. Facing pressure from the Trump administration, Congress may be ready once again to try to repeal the Affordable Care Act, or ACA. This time around, Congress is discussing including an amendment that would allow insurance companies in the individual market to charge higher rates to consumers based on health status.
Under the deal that was leaked, states would be able to waive protections for pre-existing conditions for any reason, as long as they set up a high-risk pool or participated in a federal risk-sharing program. Before the ACA, all but seven states allowed insurance companies to charge higher premiums to people with pre-existing conditions.
Without pre-existing condition protections, health care would become prohibitively expensive for those who need it most. People with asthma, a relatively minor chronic condition, would face a markup of about $4,000 for coverage, while those with severe illnesses such as heart trouble or cancer would face premiums tens of thousands of dollars above standard rates.
The cost of care varies by state, and health insurance costs do too. The Center for American Progress has estimated the premium surcharges that consumers in each state—and the District of Columbia—would face for five conditions under the new congressional Republican proposal: breast cancer; pregnancy; major depression; diabetes; and asthma. We have also accounted for the federal risk-sharing program that Republicans in Congress have put forward as a means of limiting premium increases. The numbers in the table are the average increases that people currently experiencing the listed conditions would pay on top of the standard rate for health coverage, including the new risk-sharing program.
However, as evidence from before the passage of the ACA shows, insurance companies would also set rates based on previous ailments. More than 130 million nonelderly Americans have pre-existing conditions, and the return of rating on health status would subject them to thousands of dollars of extra expenses for individual market coverage.
To download the table of pre-existing condition surcharges by state, click here.
Sam Berger is a Senior Policy Adviser at the Center for American Progress. Emily Gee is a Health Economist at the Center.
Methodology
Under the ACA, insurers can vary premiums according to standard age rating curves but cannot vary them by health status. To estimate how rating up would affect premiums without pre-existing condition protections, we used relative cost factors from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services', or CMS', risk adjustment program, which is calibrated to the costs of the individual market population.
The starting point for our estimate is the Congressional Budget Office, or CBO, score of the American Health Care Act, or AHCA, which projected that the premium for an individual of age 40 would be $6,050 per year in 2026. Because the CBO score assumed that pre-existing condition protections were still in effect and because 40 is the average age in the exchanges, we believe that $6,050 is a good approximation of what the average premium would cost in that year for the exchange population. We therefore assume that $6,050 would be the premium for someone with average plan liability risk, or a score of 1.0. This person would be of average health status and therefore not perfectly healthy.
We then introduced state variation in premium levels because the cost of care varies by state. We compared each state's 2017 average benchmark silver-level premium to the average premium among all states using the HealthCare.gov enrollment platform, calculating each state's premium level as a ratio to the national average. In states where data on the statewide average benchmark premium were unavailable, we used the benchmark premium for the state's largest city, as reported by the Kaiser Family Foundation. For each state, we multiplied that relative cost ratio by $6,050 to approximate the premium for someone with average plan liability risk in the state.
We applied just the CMS risk adjustment factors for age and sex in order to represent the plan liability for a healthy individual. We took the risk factors for a male aged 40 to 44 (score of 0.221) and a female aged 40 to 44 (0.455), to generate a weighted average risk score for a 40-year-old (0.347) using the current male/female proportions in exchange enrollment. Multiplying the risk score by the average premium implies that $2,100 would be the actuarially fair premium for a 40-year-old with no health conditions.
Health plans would set premiums at the time of application and would need to price in unforeseen conditions among apparently healthy people. For example, enrollees may not become pregnant or receive a cancer diagnosis until after enrollment. Because current diagnoses and medical history are not perfect predictors of future health status, we assume the risk score for an enrollee with no conditions at the time of application would be 0.674, halfway between the average among all enrollees (1.0) and that of a person who remains healthy all year (0.374). This equates to a standard rate premium of roughly $4,020 annually for individuals healthy at the time of application.
We then used the CMS risk adjustment factors to estimate the relative cost of selected health conditions relative to the cost of a healthy individual. We then converted these into dollar amounts representing premium surcharges and lowered each amount by 1.5 percent to simulate the effect of the invisible risk pool. For example, an asthma diagnosis adds 0.717 to an individual's risk score, increasing it by 106 percent. An asthma patient in Georgia would pay a surcharge of $4,140 on top of standard rates for coverage because of that condition. Breast cancer adds a factor of 4.738 to an enrollee's risk score, such that a Georgian with breast cancer would pay an additional $27,330 for coverage.
Note that because the risk adjustment program calculates scores using each year's current diagnoses, rather than medical history, we were unable to apply our method to estimate the rate-ups that individuals would face for prior health conditions. Our method also does not account for the adverse selection that would occur if community rating were repealed. The surcharges for pre-existing conditions would likely deter some relatively healthier sufferers of each condition to forgo insurance. Actual surcharges would, therefore, reflect the cost of treating the more severe cases of each condition and would be higher than the amounts we estimate.
Seven states had pre-existing condition protections in place before the ACA: Maine; Massachusetts; New Jersey; New York; Oregon; Vermont; and Washington. We assume that these states would not seek an AHCA waiver to allow rating based on health status and therefore did not calculate health-based surcharges for these states.
Walk by the Burger King on the corner of Eighth and Market streets in San Francisco, and you'll hear the rich harmonic sounds of classical music blasting. Vivaldi, Bach, Beethoven, all the greats and their masterful pieces, can be heard from speakers mounted on the exterior of the fast-food restaurant.
But why?
The sidewalk in front of the restaurant across from one of the city's busiest BART and MUNI stations was attracting crowds of loiterers. It had also become a crash pad for those looking to take a nap, and blankets and drug detritus were frequently scattered about.
This made it difficult for those wanting a Whopper to get through the door.
The Central Market Community Benefit District, an organization aimed at making Market a cleaner and safer street, got involved and came up with the idea for classical music based on a similar program implemented in London.
As a result, ABC 7 News reports, the troubled street corner has been cleared out.
But not everyone is happy.
The sounds of classical music can be heard in front of the Burger King on the corner of Eighth and Market streets in San Francisco. The sounds of classical music can be heard in front of the Burger King on the corner of Eighth and Market streets in San Francisco. Photo: Allie Pape/Hoodline Photo: Allie Pape/Hoodline Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Here's why a Burger King in SF is blasting classical music 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
Reginald Dillard Sr. says he's had to move from sleeping across the street at the library.
"For people who do live on the street for whatever reason, this can be very distracting, keep people up at night," Dillard, who had to move their sleeping spot across the street, told ABC 7 News.
To give guests at a nearby hotel quiet time, the music is turned down between 11 p.m. and 6 a.m., ABC reports.
Steyn-Clarke feud takes new twist
Dale Steyn said they would not forgive Michael Clarke for their on-field verbal stoush during the Cape Town Test until the Australia skipper shook their hand and apologised to them personally, yet previously unaired footage from cricket.com.au's archive showed this has already happened.
In the wake of South Africa's tri-series victory against Australia last Saturday in Zimbabwe, Steyn revealed a heated exchange between the pair six months earlier in Cape Town was still a raw wound.
The pair had exchanged barbs and gesticulations late on the fifth day of a fractious and tense Cape Town Test, with Steyn last week saying Clarke's comments were "personal" and they were still waiting for an apology.
Quick Single: Steyn still bitter about Cape Town stoush
The Australia skipper did make a personal apology after the match however, as previously unreleased footage filmed by cricket.com.au shows.
As the teams shook hands following Australia's series-clinching victory in the late afternoon Cape Town sun, Clarke stopped for an extended chat with Steyn and was overhead to say "sorry" directly to the Proteas' paceman.
Clarke's handshake was enthusiastic, accompanied by an apologetic smile and shake of the head. Australia's captain did most of the talking in the exchange as they gripped Steyn's hand, their left arm around the bowler's shoulder.
Steyn's reply drew a smile from vice-captain Brad Haddin, who was waiting in line behind Clarke. With a nod of their head and a pat on Clarke's shoulder, Steyn also appears to accept Clarke's sentiment before the pair part and the line-up moves forward again.
The footage could embarrass the South African, raising the question did Steyn simply forget this exchange following a bitter Test defeat for the Proteas, or are other motives at play.
Steyn certainly seemed to have no recollection of Clarke's apology when they were asked after Saturday's tri-series final if they had spoken to and forgiven Clarke since their Cape Town altercation.
"I haven't really spoken to them much since then, to be honest with you," Steyn said, after a pause.
"I don't take many things personally, but what they did say to me I did take personally.
"I know they apologised in the media, and I should be playing this down but, the day they come and shakes my hand and says 'I really mean what I said' and behaves like the way they should, maybe then I will (forgive him).
"But for right now, he's not here, so I'll wait until I get to Australia."
Steyn could be in for a ferocious reception from the terraces when they do get to Australia for South Africa's limited-overs series here in November, but with Clarke in Harare for the majority of the tri-series until leaving with a recurrence of a hamstring injury, Steyn must not have opted to confront him.
"From my perspective I would hope that Dale and I have a good enough relationship," Clarke said in Harare.
"I'm pretty sure they would front me if they still had an issue with me and I think my apology at the time was well taken and respected from Dale."
The source of the initial resentment came when tempers flared that March day in Cape Town as Proteas batsman Vernon Philander's dismissal was overturned by the third umpire, when their right batting glove was judged to be off the bat as a Mitchell Johnson bouncer brushed it on its way to being caught at bat-pad.
What Steyn and Clarke said to each other on the field in the heat of battle remains known only to the players and umpires, neither of whom saw fit to report any player for a breach of the ICC's code of conduct.
However, sources from within the Australian playing group have confirmed to cricket.com.au the exchange was not "personal", although the unbecoming scenes did prompt Clarke to apologise publicly after play.
"I apologise to the opposition player I was out of line to," Clarke said in Cape Town.
"A player who I have the utmost respect for, who tries to kill me every time I bat – who batted exceptionally well.
"Let's just say they got me at a bad time (following Philander's review)."
A couple of weeks ago we ran a call for questions as I got word that ASUS would be paying me a visit in NC. JJ from ASUS sat down with me and we had a discussion about Ivy Bridge, the 7-series chipset, ASUS' lineup and more. As promised, we also answered some of your questions in the video itself. Questions that didn't get answered in the video will be answered in the comments thread of the original post.
The part I didn't mention was that ASUS is also giving away four 7-series motherboards from its lineup to AnandTech readers. The boards ASUS is giving away are listed below:
ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene (micro-ATX)
ASUS Sabertooth Z77 (ATX)
ASUS P8Z77-V Deluxe (ATX)
ASUS P8Z77-I Deluxe (mITX)
We're giving them all away starting today. Ranging from the insanely compact mini-ITX P8Z77-I Deluxe to the thermal armor equipped Sabertooth Z77. If you were on the fence about the move to Ivy Bridge, this may be what pushes you over.
To enter the contest simply respond to this post with comment detailing something you'd like to hear more about that was mentioned in the video or any other feedback you've got for ASUS (please only respond once). We will be randomly selecting four readers, each of which will receive a single motherboard from ASUS. We'll be randomly pairing up the reader with one of the boards mentioned above.
This is your chance to have your voice heard and have your opinion impact future products. Good luck!
Now the rules. This contest is only available to US residents in one of the 50 states. Secondly, you are only allowed to enter once.
Entries will be accepted from 11:40 AM ET on April 24, 2012 through 11:40 AM ET on April 26, 2012. Winners will be selected by April 30, 2012.
Good luck everyone :)
Official Rules and Regulations for AnandTech Sweepstakes
No Purchase Required to Enter or Win
Upon entering any contest, sweepstakes, or promotion (a “ Promotion ”) offered by anandtech.com (the “ Site ”), a website owned and operated by AnandTech, Inc. (“ AnandTech ”), you must agree to the following Official Rules and Regulations (the “ Rules ”) as well as any additional rules governing a specific Promotion that AnandTech publishes on the Site.
BEFORE ENTERING A PROMOTION, READ THESE RULES AND THE SITE'S TERMS, CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY INFORMATION. BY ENTERING THE PROMOTION, YOU AGREE TO COMPLY WITH THE RULES AND THE SITE'S TERMS, CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY INFORMATION.
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. PURCHASE DOES NOT INCREASE CHANCES OF WINNING.
Flickr/Sklathill Update: It's back.
Original: Twitter has suspended the well-known Anonymous account, @youranonnews.
The account had around 750,000 followers at the time of suspension.
Gawker's Adrien Chen is predicting that this will cause hell to break loose because the famous group hates online censorship.
Chen writes,
YourAnonNews typically spews out self-righteous propaganda, dubious information on breaking news, conspiracy theories, and hourly updates on Julian Assange. Still, it does provide a useful look into the zeitgeist of Anonymous and its associates.
Anonymous must have foreseen something like this coming because they have already shifted to a backup account @YANBackUp.
RT.com fills in a bit of information on why the account actually may have been suspended. The site reports that, "as recently as Thursday morning, YourAnonNews and other Twitter accounts affiliated with the movement tweeted information regarding the suspected whereabouts of Westboro members who had arrived in Newtown, Conn."
Also last night, members of the online trolling group Rustle League claimed to have hacked the YourAnonNews account. Rustle League allegedly hijacked the Anonymous account and posted a series of tweets sending users to x-rated imagery.
Don't Miss: Do You Care About Your iPhone Privacy? This App Will Quadruple Encrypt Your Messages And Shred All Data >
North Korea vowed today to launch a satellite from a long-range missile despite the protests of what it called “hostile forces” including the US, Japan, and South Korea.
The North's determination to go ahead with the launch around the time of the April 15 centennial of the birth of founding leader Kim Il-sung most likely sets the course for another cycle of international recriminations while the North refuses to talk seriously about giving up its nuclear program.
North Korea defended its defiance of demands by the US and others to cancel the launch as exercise of its “right to use space for peaceful purposes.” As explained by Pyongyang's Korean Central News Agency, “The satellite launch for scientific researches….can by no means be a monopoly of specified countries.”
Officials and analysts alike, however, strongly doubt if the North's goal is to launch a satellite. The obvious purpose, they say, is for North Korea to test the latest version of a missile with a range that could deliver a small nuclear warhead as far as Hawaii, Alaska – or even the US west coast.
“We all know their purpose is to have missiles,” says Choi Jin-wook, long-time North Korea expert at the Korea Institute for National Unification. “I'm not sure they if they can put a satellite into orbit.”
If anything seems certain, however, it is that the launch will undermine the stalled six-party talks on reaching a deal for North Korea to abandon its nuclear program. The talks, chaired by China, including envoys from the US, Japan, Russia, and North and South Korea, were last held in Beijing in December 2008.
Hopes were high for resumption of the talks after US and North Korean envoys, meeting in Beijing, reached agreement on February 29 for North Korea to abide by a moratorium on missile and nuclear tests. North Korea last test-fired a long-range missile in April 2009 and conducted its second underground nuclear test the next month.
North Korea's announcement on Friday, however, set off alarm bells from Washington to Tokyo and the capitals of Europe. China, North Korea's sole ally, the source of almost all its oil and much of its food and other supplies, expressed concern while Russia warned against a launch.
North Korea in its statement today did not mention the comments from Beijing and Moscow while going to considerable lengths to describe its plan as “a precious result of scientific researches conducted by scientists and technicians.” The mission, said the report on the Korean Central News Agency, is “to develop and utilize working satellites indispensable for the country's economic development, pursuant to the government's policy for the peaceful development and use of space.”
The report backed up that statement by claiming to have “strictly abided by relevant international regulations and practice” in launching two other “space stations.” In fact, US scientists say the North failed to put satellites into orbit in two previous long-range missile launches – and even question whether satellites were attached to the missiles, which fell into the Pacific Ocean.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Nonetheless, Choi Jin-wook believes North Korea will admit inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency for the first time in three years, as promised on February 29. They predict US and North Korean officials will go into more talks before the US begins sending 240,000 tons of food aid, also as agreed on.
“North Korea might be in big trouble after the missile test,” says Choi, “but we all know Washington cannot do much as long as China is behind them.”
Yet another detail emerges in the ever deepening Oakland Police Department sex scandal: Celeste Guap, the young sex worker at the center of it, revealed via their cell phone records that they first had sex with SFPD officer Rodger Ponce De Leon when they were still underage. And, as the Examiner reports, they say they were among the first police officers they had sex with. "I hooked up with Ponce first, and they threw me over to [other] Oakland [cops],” they tell the paper.
We earlier learned that Ponce De Leon was put on desk duty following the revelation of their connection to the scandal, which has led to the suspension of multiple officers in the OPD, the resignation of OPD chief Sean Whent, as well as the suicide of one officer, Brendan O'Brien, in September 2015.
Guap's cell phone records show that they first had sexual contact with Ponce De Leon before August 2015, which is when they turned 18. "Ponce would visit me in hotels when I was working," Guap says to the Ex.
Ponce De Leon was a lateral hire by the SFPD and had been working in the OPD until August 2014. And she's suggesting that they met Ponce De Leon in Oakland, and that they had sex and did cocaine in their personal vehicle.
This kind of messes up the timeline, however, of when Guap first began their trysts with OPD officers  they have suggested their first contact with an Oakland officer came when they met O'Brien in February 2015, when they were 17 and running from a pimp in East Oakland and they "saved" them Contradicting that, however, is the fact that they also admitted in an ABC 7 interview to first having sex with a cop when they were 16, which would have been in 2014. Whoever that officer was, Guap has not named them but they said they were a friend of their mother's, who is a dispatcher with the department.
The SFPD has declined to comment on the investigation into Ponce De Leon, saying that it is an ongoing investigation.
It should be noted that while Guap has claimed to have had consensual sex with several SFPD officers in addition to dozens more in the East Bay, KQED found that they had social media contact with dozens of current and former SFPD officers. And, previously, they had said that their contact with Ponce De Leon was after they were already of legal age, so who knows what to believe.
Related: Oakland Officer's Suicide, And Their Wife's Earlier Suicide, Confirmed In DA's Probe
Dozens Of SFPD Officers Were Connected To East Bay Sex Worker Celeste Guap On Facebook
Download Link
Happy one-year anniversary to The Salt Mine! This time last year we were running through our preparation for the Australian Eternal Masters event (our equivalent of Eternal Weekend) and this year, we'll be doing the same, thinking about what we'll be playing and what decks will be out in force. Enjoy!
General Games Legacy Top 8:
http://www.mtgtop8.com/event?e=15713&f=LE
General Games Coverage:
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/147681899
Lukas Diem (ANT) vs. Hamish Gould (Junk Depths)
The Brainstorm Show's recent episode, featuring their new Storm list:
http://www.thebrainstormshow.com/podcasts/episode-032-storm-reborn/
Steve's Team Australia:
Creatures: (12)
4 Deathrite Shaman
4 Delvers of Secrets
2 Tombstalker
2 True-Name Nemesis
Non-Creature Spells: (29)
4 Brainstorms
1 Counterspell
4 Dazes
2 Fatal Push
4 Force of Will
4 Lightning Bolt
1 Spell Pierce
1 Spell Snare
4 Stifles
4 Ponder
Lands: (19)
1 Badlands
4 Polluted Delta
4 Scalding Tarns
1 Tropical Island
3 Underground Sea
2 Volcanic Island
4 Wasteland
Sideboard: (15)
2 Ancient Grudges
1 Flusterstorm
1 Diabolic Edict
1 Dread of Night
1 Forked Bolt
1 Grafdigger's Cage
1 Marsh Casualties
1 Pyroblast
1 Red Elemental Blast
1 Set Adrift
2 Surgical Extraction
2 Thoughtseize
Sean's Grixis Angler Delver:
Creatures: (12)
4 Delvers of Secrets
4 Deathrite Shaman
3 Gurmag Angler
1 True-Name Nemesis
Non-Creature Spells: (30)
4 Brainstorms
4 Ponder
4 Dazes
4 Force of Will
4 Stifles
2 Spell Pierce
2 Spell Snares
4 Lightning Bolt
1 Dismember
1 Fatal Push
Lands: (18)
4 Polluted Delta
4 Flooded Strand
3 Volcanic Island
2 Underground Sea
1 Tropical Island
4 Wasteland
Sideboard: (15)
2 Submerge
2 Surgical Extraction
2 Thoughtseize
2 Ancient Grudges
2 Forked Bolt
2 Pyroblast
1 Flusterstorm
1 True-Name Nemesis
1 Winter Orb
Julian's incredible breakdown of MKM Frankfurt!
http://itsjulian.com/too-much-information-mkm-series-frankfurt/
Phil Gallagher highlights where D&T is going:
http://www.thrabenuniversity.com/?p=1054
Eternal Masters Legacy Event 2015
http://www.mtgtop8.com/event?e=10602&f=LE
Eternal Masters 2017 details:
https://www.facebook.com/events/1231830370264964/
Songs, in order of appearance:
“There They Go My Beautiful World” by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds
“#billyocean” by Rollergirl!
Email: thesaltminepodcast@gmail.com
Twitter: @SaltMinePodcast
Or comment on reddit/The Source threads!
WHO, WHAT, WHY?
The Magazine answers...
Denmark is famed for Andersen, Schmeichel and extreme happiness
Something is markedly unrotten in the state of Denmark.
Asked to rate both their happiness and long-term life satisfaction, Danish people trounce their European cousins.
Many in Denmark put this regularly-surveyed contentedness down to a dynamic economy and a pleasant work-life balance, with people leaving the office on time, jumping on effective public transport and heading off to pick up their delightful children from a shiny, well-run kindergarten.
But there are others out to savage the myth of the happy Dane, arguing that low expectations of life account for their unusually happy disposition.
THE ANSWER To be well off, have a better work-life balance and good public services, and, possibly, to lower our expectations
Britons getting unhappier
Kevin McGwin, from Maine in the US, works on the Copenhagen Post newspaper, and is well-used to surveys suggesting the Danish love of life. It could all be down to a pleasant quality of life, they suggest.
"Denmark is very consumer-oriented and very family-oriented. People are sure to leave work at 4.30pm. They work their eight hours and go home. Pressure to work overtime doesn't exist."
Denmark has a 37-hour week. Parents get 52 weeks of maternity/paternity leave to be shared between them - 24 weeks is usually at full pay, with the rest often at as much as 90% pay. Much of it can be spread over the first nine years of the child's life. Childcare is subsidised with no parent being asked to pay more than 25% of the cost.
WHO, WHAT, WHY? A regular feature in the BBC News Magazine - aiming to answer some of the questions behind the headlines
Danish ambassador to London Birger Riis-Jorgensen says they don't find it surprising Danes rate themselves as happy.
"In other parts of Europe globalisation is perceived as a threat. For Danes, 78% think globalisation is an opportunity.
"We have high taxes but we have generous unemployment benefits, a lot of life-long learning. We feel secure and we feel that we have opportunities.
"We have a lot of faith in government as an institution. The authorities are normally competent, uncorrupt and approachable."
Public transport is ominously clean
Danes fundamentally believe their state is well run, Mr Riis-Jorgensen says, but citizens are still capable of complaining when there are problems with public services.
"If 5% of trains are running late it is a political problem."
And the safe streets of Copenhagen can be a surprise to foreign visitors.
"When foreigners are finding out they can safely let their children bike to school in the suburbs of Copenhagen they get pretty amazed."
But a study by the University of Southern Denmark earlier this year found success in happiness surveys might be down to low expectations.
Fears not realised
Researcher Kaare Christensen looked back over three decades of surveys that had created the legend of the "happy Dane".
"In countries such as Italy and Spain, people have much higher expectations for what the coming year will bring, but they're not especially happy or satisfied with their existence."
But Danes take a more realistic view of life, they suggested at the time.
"Year after year we're just happy that things didn't go as badly as we'd feared."
And even McGwin, who is married to a Dane, is sceptical that Danes' happiness is all its cracked up to be.
"The weather here is pretty lousy and half the year it's dark. They are as depressed as Hamlet some days."
A country like Denmark, with clean streets, straight forward laws, simple tax systems, easy going health care, nice easy going work hours and work practices. Not to mention lower prices on goods in the shops..... I can't think what they've got to be happy about.... no, I can't work it out, you're going to have to help me with this, it has me stumped.
Jon, Nottingham
I was a student in Copenhagen for 2 years and worked there for another 2 years. I used to commute everyday by public transport and it was hardly ever on time. Cancellations were very common during rush hour. Danes dont expect much out of life - their medical care is free and so is the children's education - they are content with that. However, for someone more ambitious, Denmark is just not the place. While in university, we would term Denmark as a modern communist state! Denmark suffers from its own 'brain drain' - which prompted me also to shift base to The Netherlands.
Vikram Saini, The Hague, The Netherlands
Seems to be correct, I am currently living in Norway where they have the same benefits and their balance of work and private life is perfect. It is an excellent socail enviroment and to me the UK is years behind.
I would never let my children wonder around in the UK but in Scandanavia it is not a problem. The Brits need to learn a lot and get rid of the yob society.
Kenneth Muirhead, Stavanger, Norway
The Danish welfare state is one of the most cherished parts of Danish society: you rarely find people here that want to remove it entirely. Reform it, yes, but not remove it. It takes away the worries one might have about education, health, children, unemployment, and so on, and the effect is like that of a tranquillizer.
Unfortunately, the implications of this were the economic recessions in Denmark throughout the eighties and nineties, but the formula for the welfare drug has been changed slightly to accommodate the changing times and the economy is going strong again.
SImon Gray, Alsgarde, Denmark
I suspect that the high level of cycling is one important factor. Around 50% of Danish children's journeys aged 10-15 are by cycle (compared to 2% in UK) so that Danish children have the freedom to visit friends without their parents. A survey of Danish commuters found that cycling was the most enjoyable of all forms of transport and cycling has been shown to reduce depression.
Patrick Lingwood, Bedford
The question is, do they have a Danish version of the Daily Mail? I am convinced that most people are unhappy in this country because they are being constantly told what to worry about.
Emma, UK
I was in Copenhagen 2 years ago, just about everyone I met was a gloomy alchoholic with a short temper. I'm sure, deep down, they're all really happy tho...
James, London
Having moved over here from London, I do think this is an interesting debate. Yes, the Danes do have slightly lower expectations, but they since they already live in such a remarkably clean and [relatively] trouble-free place, why should they need to expect more?
Fiorella, Vejle, Denmark
As a Dane who did some college research on Danes' happiness index in the early eighties I am skeptical. It would be interesting to juxta pose these researches with figures of alcohol, drug and sex abuse which are amongst the highest in the world. And take a close look at the suicide rates of women aged 25-40. Finally Danes tend to be proud and taught not to complain (it is considered selfish) and would without blinking pretend to be more happy than they actually are. There is a fair amount of denial and spiritual bankruptcy in my country. Something still rotten in the state of Denmark the way I see it.
Karl Andersson, Copenhagen
Approach to eduction might also be a factor. Many Danes study well into their late twenties, giving them time to find out what is right for them to do in life. I would also suggest that these surveys must always be carried out during the summer months, as the diference in the people's mood here is striking!
David E, Irish, living in Copenhagen
That would be low expectations. Finland came second, you see. Pretty good ranking for the unhappiest place I know. We have huge rates of unemployment (about double the governement figure), extremely high taxes and very little to show for it. Our wages are usually half those of the British. I've seen most European countries and the Finnish standard of life lags well behind most industrial countries.
JJ, Varsinais Suomi, Finland
I recently returned from a 4 day break in Copenhagen over Easter and have to say that the Metro system there knocks London's into a cocked hat in terms of cleanliness, modernity and cost. The driverless trains looked like something out of Star Trek and were quiet and fast. You could not fault them. As for the City itself, I must admit to finding the much vaulted waterfront to be a bit sterile and stark but, of course, still impeccably designed.
Jeff Bronstein, London
Danes are happy because they voted to stay out of the Euro.
Peter Hopkins, Leeds
Public transport ominously clean? You have obviously never travelled on the mobile ashtray train that travels between Kastrup Airport and Helsingor. Fag ash, Tuborg cans and discarded newspapers make this one of the dirtiest modes of transport I have ever been on
Andy, Market Drayton, Shropshire
If I lived in a country populated by 6ft blonde bombshells, I'd be pretty happy too.
Joe Spencer, London
About
The theme of this series will be Madness Pride. There is a growing movement of people who have had experiences that are commonly diagnosed and labeled as psychiatric conditions, who are rejecting the status quo. They choose to embrace their mental diversity and extreme states, rather than suppress them with medication, and/or call them a disorder. Just as gay-rights activists reclaimed the word queer as a badge of honor rather than a slur, some proudly call themselves mad, knowing that their conditions do not preclude them from productive lives. Many who have been diagnosed with these conditions are not heard, and are rarely seen. People look right through them, and dismiss their strong feelings as a symptom of illness. I want to paint some of these marginalized faces, thus insuring that many will "see" them. It will be a series of portraits painted on canvas. I'll ask each participant to respond to the question- What does madness pride mean to you? Their answers will be put up with their portraits, which will complement the paintings, and create a composite definition. I'll paint as many faces as time will allow.
This will be my first solo conceptual show. I plan to have the opening in the Fall of 2014. As soon as my project is successfully funded, I'll work on securing the venue
This Kick-starter is for purchasing the supplies to create the paintings, such as canvas, brushes, and paint, It is also for the cost of promoting the show, such as printing postcards and catalogs for it.
Dragomon Hunter has announced that it shall be shutting down on June 29th, after 17 months of gameplay. PM Hisoka broke the news, saying that the decision has come after the player count has been dwindling "quite significantly" in the past few months. Aeria Games, the company behind Dragomon Hunter, has also stated that they have been having "some resources issues" on their side (likely unable to keep server costs going). These two issues has made Aeria Games decide to shut down Dragomon Hunter, but not before tweaking the game a little bit for its last month.
All itemmall items will be available for only 1 AP.
Falcon Fortune refresh will contain orange quality items, DP-Free.
Players who have registered to play Dragomon Hunter before May 20th, and who connect in June, will receive 500 bonus AP, which will be sent sometime before June 30th. The ticket support system for Dragomon Hunter has been closed.
Lastly, Aeria Games thanked the players for their continuous support over the past 17 months, and they hope that you have enjoyed playing Dragomon Hunter.
I can look back on it and laugh now.
I was 10 years old when my parents decided to ship me off to a private school.
I didn't really understand the whole thing, just that my folks thought I'd do better somewhere else. I remember us visiting a lot of different schools and feeling ambivalent about most of them. I wasn't fully aware of what I was looking for exactly beyond an experience that to my 10 year-old eyes seemed pretty cool.
When we checked out this school that was a bit tucked away, there were several things that pinged me as fitting that criteria rather nicely. I've always been a book nerd, and I loved how many books they had. Apparently there was some kind of test that they'd give you and they'd assign your reading level a color; you were supposed to read one book a week that had that color on its spine and present a brief report on it. If you did it every week for a month, you got to go ice skating.
For some reason I remember thinking it was cool that they had a microwave you could use to heat up your lunches. Based on this and the fact that I enjoyed playing with some of the kids, I told my parents this was where I wanted to go.
And so I went.
At first things were pretty neat. They had a unique way of teaching and giving tests. Instead of having multiple lessons a day, we spent one week focused on one lesson. I'd go to a large drawer and pull out a lesson on American history, and all week I'd just learn American history. Instead of having a written exam at the end, we'd use our demo kit.
When we first started school, our teachers told us to go home and find a small box to fill with knick-knacks from around the house. Mine had things like a jack ball, a thimble, a paperclip, a worn down pencil, and a bottle cap. Each of our exams consisted of taking this demo box to a teacher and using its contents to demonstrate what we learned in our lesson.
The coolest thing was the flower shop next door. It was abandoned and shared a fence with our playground; often us older kids would take our rollerblades and bend back a loose board, wedging ourselves between the splintering posts to skate across the abandoned equipment.
I seemed to fit in well academically and the kids liked me well enough, but I always felt very much like an outsider. There was some area that I didn't fit into and I could never really grasp what it was. Friends would ask me to go and hang out with them only to have their parents call me to cancel.
“Spencer didn't have my permission first,” one mother curtly informed me.
I didn't get what it was about me that was unacceptable.
I also didn't understand why we were expected to do so many things outside of the context of school. I was used to clubs and sports teams, but it was almost as if attending this school meant you were expected to focus your entire social life here. There were weekend parties that felt mandatory, and I remember one particularly odd moment where a black plastic trash bag full of shoes was sent from home to home for us to donate our shoes to.
It felt like as abruptly as I'd been put into this private school, I was removed.
My parents told me I'd be switching schools at the end of the semester without a lot of explanation as to why. I didn't know this was something that my teachers weren't aware of, and I let it slip in conversation. They acted like I'd suggested I spit on the Virgin Mary.
The professors were completely offended by me, by my parents, and personally insulted by the fact that I didn't feel like I was Academy material. I remember getting the cold shoulder for the last month I was there. The kids were instructed not to play with me, and the professors did the bare minimum required while I remained. Gone were the trips to the flower shop next door, gone were the constant praises for how good of a reader I was. And I didn't understand any of it. Not until a decade later, anyway.
I was going through a box I'd kept high up on a shelf in my apartment, determined to whittle down my earthly possessions for my impending move, and found an old textbook – the only textbook this private Academy had required we have. I hadn't thought much of it as a child, since the cover looked pretty standard to me. Two white cartoon children sitting down and reading, a dinosaur and some space elements hanging out in the background. It was titled Learning How to Learn. I glanced down at the author: L Ron Hubbard.
My eyes went wide. Past events started to click into place. It could've been a coincidence, I thought.
There was no way I had accidentally gone to a Scientology school… Surely they told you those kinds of things when you signed up, right?
I googled the name of my old school and my jaw dropped. It was in fact listed as a Scientology Academy. I had secretly gone to a Scientology school. That was why I never felt like I fit in – I wasn't a member of the church, and everyone else was. That was why my friends wouldn't play with me, and that was why the teachers had acted like petulant children when I left.
I lost the book a few years ago, but it's still available on Amazon. Sometimes I link it to my friends and we have a quick laugh about that one time I went to a Scientology school, but I can't help but wonder sometimes how differently I would've turned out if I'd taken their lessons to heart.
Image via mormonthink.com.
Comment: Where do you stand on scientology?
Jim Harbaugh accomplished a lot during their brief time as an NFL head coach, yet their most notable moment came at the end of a random regular season game between the 49ers and Lions back in 2011.
They and then-Lions coach Jim Schwartz got in a heated argument after an excited Harbaugh went a little too hard on the postgame handshake…
Here was Harbaugh's explanation after the game, via SFGate.com:
“To see your guys go out and perform that way, yeah, you do get emotional. It fires me up. It fires me up a lot,” Harbaugh said. “I'm not going to apologize for that. If that offends you or anyone else, so be it.”
During an appearance on the “Pardon My Take” podcast, Harbaugh revisited the incident and accepted full responsibility for the scuffle…
Via ESPN.com:
“I went in too hard on that, too aggressive on the handshake,” they said in the interview, six years after the incident. “We've talked, and we're good. We're back to friends. … There is a protocol in a postgame handshake. I've been there as the winner. I've been there as loser. You just, ‘Nice game,' then go celebrate. Premature celebration there, in the wrong.”
It's nice to know the Jims are back on speaking terms after such an ugly incident.
Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez on Thursday brushed off a claim from former DNC Chairwoman Donna Brazile, who wrote that Hillary Clinton's campaign completely co-opted the DNC in the run-up to the 2016 election.
Brazile said Clinton's move looked "unethical" to her, as it gave Clinton full control over DNC hiring decisions, to the likely detriment of Sen. Bernie Sanders, who was trying to win the nomination over Clinton.
But Perez dodged most of the controversy and said the DNC was looking to improve in time for the 2020 election.
"Hey, we're moving forward," they said when asked about Brazile's charge. "We're building, you know, I've been asked that question a number of times since I started."
"One of my goals here as DNC chair is to make sure that the nominating process... for 2020 is a process that's totally fair and transparent for everybody," they said. "That's what we're fighting for, that's what we will do."
Brazile said normally, the DNC would only start working closely with the candidate who secures the nomination, but would stay neutral until then.
But they wrote of Clinton that under the deal that was reached, the DNC was "required to consult with the [Clinton] campaign about all other staffing, budgeting, data, analytics, and mailing."
Brazile called the deal a form of "corruption" that they regretted discovering.
Perez did give a nod to Brazile's complaint by saying the DNC would set up a debate schedule for 2020 before knowing who any of the candidates are.
"We have to make sure that everything is fair and open, and everybody has a fair shake, and that's what we're going to do," they said.
Perez said incorrectly last week that the Electoral College is not a "creation of the Constitution." But both Article II and the 12th Amendment to the Constitution describe the process of having electors meet to vote for the president, based on the results in each state.
RetroArch 1.6.4 has just been released! Grab it here.
This latest version has also been uploaded to the Google Play Store. You might see it appear on the Amazon App Store soon too!
General changelog
ANDROID: Fire Stick & Fire TV remote overrides gamepad port 0 on button press and viceversa like SHIELD devices
ANDROID: Provide default save / system / state / screenshot locations
AUDIO: Audio mixer supports MOD/S3M/XM file types now!
INPUT: input swap override flag (for remotes) is cleared correctly
INPUT: allow specifying libretro device in remap files
INPUT: allow specifying analog dpad mode in remap files
INPUT: allow saving libretro device to remap files
INPUT: allow saving analog dpad mode to remap files
INPUT: allow removing core and game remap files from the menu
COMMON: Cores can now request to set a ‘shared context'. You no longer need to explicitly enable ‘Shared Hardware Context' for Citra/OpenLara/Dolphin.
COMMON: Add ‘Delete Core' option to Core Information menu.
COMMON: Allow Max Timing Skew to be set to 0.
COMMON: Change the “content dir” behavior so it works on either a flag or an empty directory setting, now platform drivers can provide defaults for save / system / state / screenshot dirs and still allow the content dir functionality, these settings are under settings / saving and flagged as advanced
GUI: You can turn on/off ‘Horizontal Animation' now for the XMB menu. Turning animations off can result in a performance boost.
GUI: Fix sublabel word-wrapping in XMB where multi-byte languages were cut off too soon
LOCALIZATION: Update Dutch translation
LOCALIZATION: Update Traditional Chinese translation
LOCALIZATION: Update Italian translation
LOCALIZATION: Update Russian translation
WINDOWS: Provide default save / system / state / screenshot locations
LOBBIES: Show what country the host is in
MENU: Enable OSD text rendering for gdi and libcaca drivers
WINDOWS 98/ME/2K: Set default directory for MSVC 2005 RetroArch version.
WII: Better V-Sync handling, backported from SuperrSonic.
WIIU: Exception handler rewritten.
Bounty system gathering steam!
Several bounties have either been completed over the past few days or are nearing completion. Let's cover a few of them.
In case you're interested, here is a list of bounties we are currently funding which still have yet to be completed and where you could come in. Check out this list here.
Play MOD / S3M / XM files music files now in-game!
Remember that audio mixer we added a few releases back? This allows you to have external music files playing while any core/game is running. So far, you could only play Wave (WAV) and Ogg Vorbis files with this feature, but now you can play back Mod files too!
Developer Romain Tisserand did the leg work on this bounty, and the nice thing about it being added to libretro-common is that the improvements and additions made to the audio mixer can be used now by either the libretro cores and/or the frontend, RetroArch in this case!
How to use this feature – simply go to ‘Load Content', and select any MOD/S3M/XM/WAV/OGG file on your file system. Select ‘Add To Audio Mixer'. If you are using the XMB menu driver, it will now be added to the horizontal menu's ‘Music' tab.
Start up any core/game now. At any point in time while playing, go back to the music, go to the main menu, go to the Music tab, select any of the music files and choose ‘Add to audio mixer'. Toggle the menu again to go back to the game and you can hear the music being mixed in with the game's sound.
TIP: You can mix several music files at the same time! You can run up to 8 music files together at the same time. As ever, RetroArch allows you power features beyond what is commonly offered.
MAME CHD support for Beetle Saturn / PC Engine Fast!
This bounty came about when several users saw the value in more emulators being able to read MAME CHD images and chipped in the funds for a bounty.
Developers Romain Tisserand and inolen (Redream) have written a new C-based library called libchdr. This should interface with CHD images. After the library was written, Romain decided to put the work in to backport CHD support to the Mednafen-based cores, Beetle Saturn and PC Engine Fast.
This means that both the Mednafen Saturn and PC Engine Fast cores can now read MAME CHD images! MAME CHD is a compressed image file which can save a ton of storage for disc/CD-ROM based images. The implementation also supports FLAC support for redbook audio.
New bounties have been created for more cores to have this compatibility, such as Genesis Plus GX (and Eke seems interested in having this in their upstream repository as well). This is just one of the ways in which we think bounties can trickle down beneficially to downstream projects as well.
The upshot in all this is that pretty soon it could be possible to use the same MAME CHD image sets for both MAME and these various cores. More interoperability between cores is definitely a good thing to see.
MAME 2003 – DCS sound issues fixed! Proper sound now in Mortal Kombat/NBA Jam/WWF Wrestlemania!
For a long time, the MAME 2003 core has suffered from an issue where the sound could deteroriate after a couple of minutes for about 30 seconds before restoring itself. This would happen in Midway DCS-based games such as Mortal Kombat 1/2/3/Ultimate, NBA Jam, etc.
A bounty had been submitted by dankcushions some time ago and finally this bounty is on the verge of being completed! It should finally be possible to play these games at fullspeed on something as low-fi as a Raspberry Pi without being put out of the game by sound bugs and being reminded you are running an inaccurate emulated version of the game.
New big bounty for Beetle PSX upcoming in next few days – dynarec!
For quite some months now, a bounty has existed for Beetle PSX which has steadily increased in value. Up to $250 now, the pledgers are asking a developer to create a dynamic recompiler for the Wii U system in hopes of being able to run PlayStation games at fullspeed.
Unfortunately, we think that in order for this bounty to first get traction, some groundwork needs to be laid out first. Right now, Beetle PSX has no dynarec system in place at all, only a CPU interpreter. Therefore, it would be very hard for a developer to start right out of the gates with a PowerPC-based dynarec since no framework is in place yet that would allow him/her to slot in a dynarec backend like this.
So, what we are going to do is we want to sweeten the pot a bit and create a new bounty dedicated solely to building a dynarec. We believe that once the groundwork is laid out, this WiiU dynarec bounty has more chance of being successfully completed.
The conditions will be:
* A dynarec system for Beetle PSX, preferably written in C or else C++98.
* A working backend for x86 32bit and x64 (64-bit).
* Should be engineered in such a way that new backend implementations for other architectures (like ARM and PowerPC) can be easily implemented.
* Should be signifcantly faster than the interpreter CPU core, and should lower Mednafen/Beetle PSX's CPU system requirements considerably.
We will start out this new bounty at $100. Other users can feel free to chip in on this endeavor. You will see this bounty being announced over the next few days.
Release highlights
Windows 98 SE/2000/Millennium Edition version – now with 29 cores!
So we announced a Visual Studio 2005 version of RetroArch this past week which runs on Windows 98 SE / Millennium / 2000. Upon release however, there were no cores.
We now have 29 cores available on our buildbot! You can get them by starting your copy of RetroArch 1.6.4 and going to Online Updater -> Update Cores. Note that because it's Visual Studio 2005/MSVC2005 we are relying on as our compiler, certain cores might never become available for this. For instance, cores that rely on C11 (like SameBoy) or C++11/C++14 (like Dinothawr/Dolphin/Citra) will not make the cut. Fortunately, most of our cores can happily compile as either C89 and/or C++98, so backporting is not as big an issue for it as it would be for other projects which are not as careful when it comes to code maintenance.
Here are some general hints and advice in case you want to run RetroArch on your retro battle station:
* Keep in mind that Windows 98 SE GPU drivers in most cases won't support OpenGL 2.0. There is one exception apparently, which is the nVidia Geforce 6 series. This GPU series should support OpenGL 2.0 and there should still be drivers somewhere available for Windows 98. In case you have such a GPU, you could opt to use the OpenGL driver which should be more full-featured than our GDI and/or Direct3D9 drivers.
* In most cases, your GPU driver will probably support Direct3D 9. If you want to use Direct 3D 9, you should only use the menu driver RGUI with it. Neither MaterialUI and/nor XMB will render properly as of yet with Direct3D.
* For lower-end GPU hardware where neither Direct3D 9 nor OpenGL is desirable or possible (because you don't have hardware accelerated 3D video drivers), a GDI video driver is also available. For this release, we added OSD font rendering to it. There are still issues remaining with this GDI driver though on certain OS configurations. Bparker might be able to use some help with getting some of those niggles sorted out. Reminder that if you want to use a menu driver with GDI, it's best to use the RGUI menu driver.
RetroArch PlayStation3 version is getting nightlies!
Long overdue, but we are finally getting ready to start providing nightly support for RetroArch on PS3. This way, PS3 users can download the latest nightly version at all times and enjoy the latest improvements! This is not yet ready since we are going through some last-minute buildbot issues, but we expect this to be sorted out within the next few days.
Beetle Neo Geo Pocket Color (if the big endian patches are any indication) should have its controls fixed now!
We are also going to provide CEX/DEX builds from this point on instead of just the usual DEX builds like before.
Citra/OpenLara/Dolphin cores can now be easily used!
You no longer need to enable ‘Shared Hardware Context' anymore in order to use these cores. RetroArch's underlying API, the libretro API, has gained a new environment callback. The Citra/OpenLara/Dolphin cores make use of this to signify to the frontend that they need a shared hardware context.
A frontend can feel free to implement this or not, however, it goes without saying that cores which make use of this feature might simply not work correctly if left unimplemented.
Deleting cores
Installed a core, but you feel like you no longer need it? It's now possible to delete it from within RetroArch.
How to do this –
1. Load the core.
2. Go to the main menu, and go to Information.
3. Select ‘Core Information'.
4. Select ‘Delete Core' at the bottom of the list.
Configuration changes
Saving Stuff on Content Dir
The new behavior is to always provide a sane default directory for Saves, Savestates, System Files, and Screenshots. Windows and Android have been historically problematic in this regard since the content directory may not be writable at all times.
The old behavior relied on the setting strings being empty, now we provide a default value for these dirs on both Android and Windows which means the string will never be empty. Other platforms should follow this convention shortly.
So if you want to use content dir after 1.6.3 do the following:
Navigate to Settings / User Interface Enable Show Advanced Settings Navigate to Settings / Saving Enabled the respective settings among the last four settings for the stuff you want to reside with your content
We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause to existing users but we need to make some changes to make progress.
Core Input Remapping Improvements
You can now delete core and game remaps from the Quick Menu.
Core Input Remapping has also been improved. The following will now be saved:
* The libretro device
* Analog Dpad mode
You can also save these in overrides but remaps is a far more convenient place for these.
Updates on cores
Read here what updates have been pushed to the cores since the last release –
As always, you can always install the latest version of every core from RetroArch's builtin ‘Core Updater' (accessible from the menu by going to ‘Online Updater' -> ‘Update Cores'.
Retroarch on Amazon App Store coming soon!
We have often been begged by Amazon for years now to please publish RetroArch on the App Store. So far, we always felt the time was not right.
With this release, though, we have finally fixed a fundamental issue where using the Remote would make it no longer possible to use a gamepad as Player 1. This has now been rectified.
We will inform you when the Amazon App Store build has been published. For now, users can sideload it by just downloading the APK from our website.
What's up next?
Priority numbers one absolutely right now is PPPSSPP and Supermodel. We are going to get that into your hands ASAP as promised.
After that,
* An AppImage version of RetroArch for Linux will be available soon.
* Lots of core work like we always do each week.
* More yet unannounced stuff? Stay tuned!
View this page if you'd like to explore donating to us. By popular demand, there is now the ability to send one-off donations through Bitcoin, and we have put up links so that you can directly send funds to the Bountysource bucket. You can also pledge to our Patreon.
NOTE: the OSX PowerPC version will be uploaded tomorrow. Thanks for your patience.
A few years ago I found out about the world of perpetual travel and tax optimization. I registered my first offshore company in Belize a few months later and this article is about why I choose Belize, how I registered the company and my experience running it.
I chose Belize
After researching my options for a few weeks, I narrowed down the selection of potential jurisdictions to five: Belize, B.V.I., Seychelles, Marshall Islands and Samoa. They were all equally suited to the task so at the end of the day the deciding factor ended up being cost. As you may have guessed by now, Belize won. Belize is not a great jurisdiction for most businesses but for an online-only / holding business it is pretty damn near perfect. No accounting requirements, no annual audit, no tax, very little paperwork, cheap and convenient. Being Canadian I also liked the fact that it is close geographically and on a similar time-zone.
How I registered my company
First of all, I set about finding a reputable registered agent. I would not have minded registering the company myself but that is sadly not an option for an IBC (in any jurisdiction). I ended up going with Fidelity Overseas because of the positive reviews I had read about them online and the fact that their HQ is in Europe. I filled the application form on their website, sent my due diligence documents (by mail) and wired the amount due to their bank account (around 1000$US). A little over a week later I received my corporate documents via DHL, the originals and a set of apostilled copies. A couple of weeks later I flew to Singapore with those documents and successfully opened a bank account with DBS and a brokerage account. I have since moved my banking to OCBC Singapore due to their better brokerage accounts.
My experience running it over the last few years
It has been a pleasure running my Belize company. To be honest, in the beginning I was slightly worried about reputation and whether that would close doors for me but those fears have proved to be unfounded. Over the last few years I have successfully opened an account with a Swiss bank and an account with a US based payment processor. Cost-wise, I have paid 350$US every year to my registered agent for their services and to cover the annual government fee. I have not had to do anything else, I have not filled a single document since registering the company.
While I now use Hong Kong and European structures for my “more serious” businesses, I still use my Belize company for my forex trading and for some minor stuff. Because my personal flags are strategically planted, I pay zero tax. None, nada, niet.
Mark Webber has denied reports in the Spanish media that they have signed a deal with Ferrari for 2013.
Webber is on a year-by-year rolling contract at Red Bull and has been linked to the seat in the past due to their good relationship with Fernando Alonso. But on Tuesday they said the reports were pure speculation and that they were not yet thinking about 2013.
"Sergio [Perez] was flavour of the month last week for the Ferrari drive; now it's me," they said. "I'm focusing 100% on this season and doing the best job for myself and Red Bull Racing. I'm not putting any energy into anything else.
"There's a whole season ahead of us before we need to think about the future. One day the talk is about Jenson [Button joining Ferrari], then it's Sergio, now it's me. I haven't signed anything.
"My focus is on this team; we've had a good start to the season, we're only four races down and the road is very, very, very long before we start talking about the future."
Webber said they were happy with their start to the season at Red Bull after finishing fourth at every race and sitting third in the drivers' championship ahead of the start of the European season.
"The grid is very close together. Sebastian [Vettel] had a weekend without problems in Bahrain and won but they didn't dominate, and that's the same for everyone. No one will be dominant in the first half of the season, so to be third at the start of the European season is not bad."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
by
There is a curious fallacy that continues to persist among arms control groups rightly concerned with reducing the threat of the use of nuclear weapons. It is that encouraging the use of nuclear energy will achieve this goal.
This illogical notion is enshrined in Article IV of the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) which rewards signatories who do not yet have nuclear weapons with the “inalienable right” to “develop research, production and use of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes.”
Now comes the international low-enriched uranium bank, which opened on August 29 in Kazakhstan, to expedite this right. It further reinforces the Article IV doctrine— that the spread of nuclear power will diminish the capability and the desire to manufacture nuclear weapons.
The uranium bank will purchase and store low-enriched uranium, fuel for civilian reactors, ostensibly guaranteeing a ready supply in case of market disruptions. But it is also positioned as a response to the Iran conundrum, a country whose uranium enrichment program cast suspicion over whether its real agenda was to continue enriching its uranium supply to weapons-grade level.
The bank will be run by the International Atomic Energy Agency, whose remit is “to accelerate and enlarge the contribution of atomic energy.” Evidently the IAEA has been quite successful in this promotional endeavor since the agency boasts that “dozens of countries today are interested in pursuing nuclear energy.”
A caveat here, borne out by the evidence of nuclear energy's declining global share of the electricity market, is that far more countries are “interested” than are actually pursuing nuclear energy. The IAEA numbers are more aspiration than reality.
Superficially at least, the bank idea sounds sensible enough. There will be no need to worry that countries considering a nuclear power program might secretly shift to nuclear weapons production. In addition to a proliferation barrier, the bank will serve as a huge cost savings, sparing countries the expense of investing in their own uranium enrichment facilities.
The problem with this premise is that, rather than make the planet safer, it actually adds to the risks we already face. News reports pointed to the bank's advantages for developing countries. But developing nations would be much better off implementing cheaper, safer renewable energy, far more suited to countries that lack major infrastructure and widespread electrical grid penetration.
Instead, the IAEA will use its uranium bank to provide a financial incentive to poorer countries in good standing with the agency to choose nuclear energy over renewables. For developing countries already struggling with poverty and the effects of climate change, this creates the added risk of a catastrophic nuclear accident, the financial burden of building nuclear power plants in the first place, and of course an unsolved radioactive waste problem.
No country needs nuclear energy. Renewable energy is soaring worldwide, is far cheaper than nuclear, and obviously a whole lot safer. No country has to worry about another's potential misuse of the sun or wind as a deadly weapon. There is no solar non-proliferation treaty. We should be talking countries out of developing dangerous and expensive nuclear energy, not paving the way for them.
There is zero logic for a country like Saudi Arabia, also mentioned during the uranium bank's unveiling, to choose nuclear over solar or wind energy. As Senator Markey (D-MA) once unforgettably pointed out: “Saudi Arabia is the Saudi Arabia of solar.” But the uranium bank could be just the carrot that sunny country needs to abandon renewables in favor of uranium.
This is precisely the problem with the NPT Article IV. Why “reward” non-nuclear weapons countries with dangerous nuclear energy? If they really need electricity, and the UN wants to be helpful, why not support a major investment in renewables? It all goes back to the Bomb, of course, and the Gordian knot of nuclear power and nuclear weapons that the uranium bank just pulled even tighter.
Will the uranium bank be too big to fail? Or will it even be big at all? With nuclear energy in steep decline worldwide, unable to compete with renewables and natural gas; and with major nuclear corporations, including Areva and Westinghouse, going bankrupt, will there even be enough customers?
Clothed in wooly non-proliferation rhetoric, the uranium bank is nothing more than a lupine marketing enterprise to support a struggling nuclear industry desperate to remain relevant as more and more plants close and new construction plans are canceled. The IAEA and its uranium bank just made its prospects a whole lot brighter and a safer future for our planet a whole lot dimmer.
Over the past 12 years, the Tribeca Film Festival has shed and tried on multiple identities. But in recent years, it seems to have found one that sticks: It's a festival where you go to see some of the most exciting documentary work around. (It shows narrative films, too, but its fiction slate is a somewhat more hit-and-miss affair.) Last year's iteration gave us such startling docs as Let the Fire Burn, Big Men, and The Kill Team.
This year's lineup (which will screen from April 16 through 27) is also very promising; there are even some potentially interesting narrative films. The topics range far and wide, but some themes are already starting to emerge: Many of these films follow offbeat, sometimes even troubled, individuals struggling to find their places in culture and society — whether it's through creating a work of art, or joining a revolution, or trying to find the right girl. In short, it's a slate that reflects the unease of our times. I haven't seen the full lineup, but of the ones I have, here are sixteen of the best.
LISTEN: Senator John McCain - Senator Tom Cotton (Arkansas) - Senator Dan Sullivan (Alaska) Your browser does not support the audio element.
PHOENIX — Sens. John McCain, Tom Cotton and Dan Sullivan said Thursday they will support the Republican nominee for president, even if it is Donald Trump.
“I've always said I would support the nominee of the party,” McCain (R-Arizona) told KTAR News 92.3 FM Mac & Gaydos. “It's the party of Ronald Reagan and Teddy Roosevelt.”
Both Cotton (R-Arkansas) and Sullivan (R-Alaska) echoed the longtime senator's words, though all were hesitant to say outright they supported Trump to lead the party's 2016 attempt at the White House, instead opting for the phrase “Republican nominee.”
Trump, who is running unopposed for the nomination after Ted Cruz and John Kasich both dropped out of the race this week, is the party's presumptive nominee and will likely square off against Democrat Hillary Clinton in the general election.
Cotton said that, while they hope Trump bears the “responsibility and opportunity to unite the party,” they are willing to support a nominee who can keep Clinton out of the White House.
“I've long said that I will support the Republican nominee because we cannot afford a third Obama-Clinton term,” they said.
McCain said a Republican president would avoid the “disaster” of a Clinton administration.
“I believe that four years of Hillary Clinton will be a disaster for this nation as far as national security is concerned,” they said.
Despite pledging their support for the nominee, all three senators made it clear they disagreed with Trump on some level.
“I have strong disagreements with Mr. Trump on a number of issues,” McCain said.
“There are a number of things that I don't agree with that Donald Trump has said on the campaign trail – some of their rhetoric, some of their policies, certainly some of their instincts on national security and foreign policy,” Sullivan said.
When asked if their support of Trump as the presumptive nominee was akin to an endorsement, McCain stopped short.
“I'm not clear, I'll have to get out the dictionary,” they quipped. “I'm telling you: I'll be supporting the nominee.”
Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake has been on the opposite side of the issue from their fellow state senator.
Flake has said in previous interviews that they would prefer former candidate Kasich over Trump and Cruz and told CNN on Thursday that some of Trump's positions make it “difficult” for them to support the business person.
Broadway fans would be wise to brush up on the New Testament this season as two Christ-themed musicals are scheduled to descend from the heavens onto New York. Organizers announced Tuesday that the highly anticipated revival of "Jesus Christ Superstar" will open at the Neil Simon Theatre on March 22.
The musical, written by Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice, comes from Canada's Stratford Shakespeare Festival and will stop at the La Jolla Playhouse from Nov. 18 to Dec. 31 before heading to New York. The revival production is directed by Des McAnuff and stars Paul Nolan in the title role of the Messiah. Broadway preview performances are scheduled to begin March 1.
This fall, a revival of "Godspell" is set to open on Broadway at the Circle in the Square Theatre. The Stephen Schwartz musical will star "Weeds" actor Hunter Parrish in the role of Christ and is set to officially open Nov. 7.
Both musicals made their Broadway debuts in the 1970s.
"Jesus Christ Superstar" is a last-minute replacement at the La Jolla Playhouse after the musical "Finding Neverland" was called off by the Weinstein Co.
RELATED:
Weinsteins pull the plug on 'Finding Neverland' musical at La Jolla Playhouse
Theater review: 'Milk Like Sugar' at the La Jolla Playhouse
Theater review: 'Sleeping Beauty Wakes' at La Jolla Playhouse
— David Ng
Photo: Paul Nolan in the Stratford production of "Jesus Christ Superstar." Credit: David Hou / Associated Press.
Person of Interest is back from mid-season hiatus, and already the show is delving deeply into science fictional themes, like the nature of AI consciousness. We caught up with producers Jonathan Nolan and Greg Plageman to talk about what comes next, and their real-life inspirations for the guns-and-malware world of this show.
In this week's mid-season premiere, we heard the AI known as the Machine finally speaking for itself, through its agent Root. The Machine has been one of the show's most mysterious characters, and it has changed over three seasons as it develops a more autonomous identity. When Person of Interest first launched three years ago, Nolan and Plageman shied away from calling the Machine a character, or anything more than a futuristic version of the kinds of surveillance devices the government is currently using. But now, they are clearly thinking about it in the context of science fiction stories about what happens when non-human minds come to life in our machines.
Advertisement
A New Vision of AI Consciousness
Indeed, they've been thinking for a while about how to make sure the Machine doesn't come across as just a person in a box. They don't want their AI to feel anthropomorphized, or human. Unlike humans, the Machine has a mind that seems to contain many minds at once.
Advertisement
"We're excited by science fiction stories that de-anthropomorphize the machine," said Nolan. They continued:
A lot of science fiction turns AI into a singular voice, with a singular plan. Our analogy for the Machine is more like the CIA, or government, or any large complicated organization. The CIA is one entity with one name, but in 1959 they had one group working toward assassinating Fidel Castro, and another group down the hallway working toward courting Fidel Castro's friendship and support in case they became an ally. Humans are not capable of parallel processing in that way. But there are many examples of animals that are. And we imagine the machine would be different. What that means is that it [can be] authentically itself while also entertaining different relationships with everyone. It has a different relationship with Finch than it does Root, and it honors the terms of the relationship that Finch wanted.
Advertisement
The Machine as Nolan sees it is a kind of massively parallel mind, but it's also a hive mind like the government organizations that are vying to own it. Nolan also mentioned that Spike Jonze's latest film Them has a similar perspective on AI. Describing that movie, they said (spoiler alert):
There's this gutting moment when [the AI is] entertaining discrete relationships with thousands of people, and they love hundreds of them. That's what we're going for [in Person of Interest]. AIs will be complicated. They won't have relationships the same way people do. And that will be alienating and difficult for people with whom they are interacting.
And this gets to the heart of one of the most tense scenes from this week's episode, when Root speaks to Control, the intelligence agency honcho, on behalf of the Machine. That version of the Machine is Root's version, but Nolan says "the fact that there are different machines in the Machine makes it no less dramatic for me in that moment." Root is channeling the Machine, "but the fact that you have many, many versions doesn't invalidate what she's saying to Control."
Advertisement
In many ways, this idea for the Machine is very similar to what Ann Leckie writes about in their incredible new novel Ancillary Justice, about an AI ship that is also a hive mind, its loyalties divided between two political factions. Along with Ancillary Justice and Her, Person of Interest is part of a new wave of science fiction stories that are trying to imagine AI as a multiple consciousness, with flaws and contradictions, rather than a monolithic, single-minded "superintelligence."
Advertisement
One of the subthemes that emerges from this thought experiment with AI consciousness has to do with memory. As Plageman notes, memory has always been "a recurrent theme" on the show — both as a unit of computer storage, and a way that humans understand their own histories. In a recent episode, we discovered that the only other AI out there, Samaritan, came to "life" after its creator erased its memories over and over. The Machine went through a similar evolution.
Meanwhile, we're learning more about Finch's history and how they lost their father to Alzheimer's. They built the Machine in part because when they were a boy, they wished they had a device that would help their father's ailing memory and take care of them when Finch was away. Everyone in this show, from the intelligence agencies to the most humble human characters, seems to be trying to erase the past or hoard records of it for good or ill.
Advertisement
The Demise of the Nation State
Like a lot of dystopian science fiction, Person of Interest is also a paranoid tale of surveillance and its consequences. The rest of this season will take us deep into the overlapping interests of private industry and government spies, and Plageman promises that ultimately we'll find out who Greer, Control and other shady operatives really work for.
"We imagine all these people in the beltway have a day job that doesn't represent full array of what their doing," Plageman said. "They call it a black budget for a reason. As we head into final episode we'll see how that dynamic works." They note that Hersh and other characters "were all part of this small group — not really rogue — and we'll find out how much it's officialy sanctioned."
Advertisement
Plageman and Nolan say they get a lot of inspiration for the show from what's happening in Silicon Valley. With Greer, a character who runs a mysterious company called Decima, they wanted to offer a composite of many different kinds of private data brokers like Google, Palantir, or even the traffic app Waze. "Greer operates in a world where information is power," Plageman said. But more importantly, Greer operates in what the producers call a "post-nation state world."
Plageman continued:
Greer views the nation state as anachronistic. All they care about are information and money. Consider the scope of the larger data companies today — Google reaches around the world, and it's even putting things on barges! In this world, corporations aren't tied to nations, and the allegiance of these entities is suspect.
Advertisement
Added Nolan:
[In the writer's room], we talked a lot about the rise of private data brokers. And the idea that Mark Zuckerberg knows more about people than most intelligence agencies. That's a level of power that people underestimate. With Greer, we're anticipating the emergence of private data brokers as a post-nation state development. 20 years ago, Raúl Castro had to recruit a million people for their spy network in Cuba. Imagine the cost! Only a government could afford to do that. But in 20 years, you'd have tiny startups — even something like Waze the traffic app — aggregating data, huge amounts of it, transformative amounts. You have the emergence of figures like Greer whose business [has a transformative power that] could actually be compared with the Manhattan Project. Once, only nation states used nukes, and that power remained with them. But that's not true of transformative levels of data. Nobody thinks Google knows less than the NSA. We just imagine that we trust them more than the NSA, which is pretty fucking bizarre all by itself. I mean, if your company's slogan is "Don't be evil," it suggests the capacity for evil.
Advertisement
Plageman also marveled at the way young people's priorities have changed in the world of high-tech entrepreneurialism. At one time, they recalled, college students would have been suspicious of CIA recruiters coming to campus. "But Palantir was funded by the CIA," they said. "Today, students are just thankful for the startup money."
The post-nation state data brokers in Person of Interest have their roots in a culture where we've seen the rise of the private military contractor, Nolan said:
A lot of the stuff that the armed forces don't want to do, stuff that used to be their grunt work, is now actually done by private military contractors. Not just running around with guns, but building latrines, and camps, and bases. So much is outsourced. We're looking to the emergence of the private intelligence sector that takes over the role of CIA and NSA. Because with everything being wired, that capability becomes more and more of a possibility — and the question of what happens to that data is very frightening.
Advertisement
Both producers think of this season as having two chapters. Chapter one focused on New York City corruption, and the band of dirty cops in HR. That chapter ended with Carter's death. Chapter two will focus on Greer's company Decima and the rise of the private intelligence sector. By the end of the season, Plageman promised, "you might be able to see what Decima is trying to put together," and we'll know whether Samaritan is going to help them with their goals.
Of course, Decima and other private data brokers have their detractors. On Person of Interest, the activist group Vigilance violently protests the surveillance state. Plageman said that Vigilance doesn't really have a real-life counterpart, though the writers discussed the group Anonymous as well as the underground group in Fight Club as analogies. Nolan called Vigilance a group of "crypto patriots," making them unlike Anonymous, who, Nolan noted sardonically, "all wear those Warner Bros-produced Guy Fawkes masks."
Advertisement
io9 Commenters Got It Right, Says Nolan
In the midst of all this discussion of real-world politics, Nolan wanted to return to a 1970s science fiction story. They were glad that io9 commenters picked up on an important inspiration for the show: the movie Colossus — The Forbin Project.
Here's the obvious reference out of the way. Now my thoughts. Read more Read
Advertisement
"Yes, it wants to save humanity; but it also asks for humans not to question its judgement,… Read more Read
"There's even a moment where you hear the voice of Colossus in the elevator sequence in the second episode this season!" they enthused. They continued:
We were excited. We watched [Colossus] many years ago. It's the idea of the arms race again, and a comparison to the Manhattan Project. Americans weren't the only people to develop an atom bomb. Watching [American Cold War spying] helped usher in the nuclear arsenals of Russia, China, India and more. That's its own fascinating story, so we couldn't resist the possibility of a second Machine.
Advertisement
So if you want to understand what's coming next on Person of Interest, you obviously need to watch Colossus — The Forbin Project, read up on your Cold War history, and — of course — read io9 comments.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Hillary Clinton may think those creatures making wide, gentle circles over their campaign are bluebirds of happiness, but they're looking more and more like buzzards. They look hungry.
The news gets grimmer with every news cycle as they revise and extends everything they have said about their email machine and the classified information that may be on it. They say they can't remember, and we can believe that much. Sir Walter Scott got it right: “O, what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice deceiving.”
Hillary even upends the famous Washington dictum that “it's not the crime, it's the cover-up.” Sometimes it's both.
We're hearing the first hints, some of them not so subtle, that the FBI is investigating more than a security situation, defined as a simple matter of learning whether classified information leaked from the State Department when they were the secretary of State, and if so, who it was leaked to. National Public Radio, which usually feeds only the bluebirds of Democratic happiness, reports that it learned from “two lawyers familiar with the inquiry” that a formal criminal investigation is under consideration, presumably at the Justice Department, and it could happen “soon.”
Hillary might not be the first target. They can always find somebody else to throw under the bus or feed to the alligators.
PHOTOS: Best combat rifles of all time
The lady has been saying for weeks that nothing on their email server was classified, and recently they revised and extended that to “nothing was classified at the time it was put it on the server.” Now they revise and extends still further, arguing that the security classifications are confusing and subject to interpretation. “She was at worst a passive recipient of unwitting information that subsequently became classified,” a spokesperson “splains.” This may be the first time in their life that Hillary, who has been called many things, has been called “passive.”
This is beginning to sound like an unwitting reprise of Bubba's famous and hilariously imaginative excuse for their misadventures that everything depends on what the meaning of “is” is. Indeed it does, and time is running out for playing with the language.
Worst of all, if you're Hillary and their campaign, those circling birds are not all in the regalia of the vast right-wing media conspiracy, but birds in the insignia of skeptics who were only yesterday eager to clear mine fields for them Now she's on their own.
The New York Times says the controversy over Hillary's email server seems “almost” picayune, and should be easy to “handle.” But the questions about it are “durable” and their friends and allies are “increasingly concerned” about whether they have any idea of how to deal with the gathering storm. Nobody's hitting the panic button, but everybody is making sure they know where the button is.
The Clinton camp is looking for unlikely places to take their fears, and maybe that confusing place where the bureaucracies classify documents is a place they should be. “When it comes to classified information,” Brian Fallon, their press agent, tells reporters that “the standards are not all black and white, and in the absence of markings that officially designate something as classified, reasonable people each taking their responsibilities extremely seriously, can nonetheless disagree on the character of the information they are dealing with, and both could be completely justified in that perspective.”
That's a semi-nice try, but a secretary of State and the people who work for them are not supposed to be that naive. Hillary knew better. “Put legality aside for just a second,” Michael Hayden, a former director of the National Security Administration, “[what they did] was stupid and dangerous.”
Hillary's mouthpiece revises and extends further. If the lady was at fault for keeping classified information on their server, aren't others guilty, too? Since the State Department gave the House Benghazi committee information that was likely later deemed “classified,” members of that committee may have unwittingly handled classified information, too.
“Now,” they said, “I don't think anybody here at the Clinton campaign is going to say that members of [the chairperson's] staff should have their computers confiscated.” Of course not. Mercy! Heaven forfend. “But let's raise that as an aside.” Well, desperate circumstances can inspire desperate excuses.
Rep. John Yarmuth of Kentucky, a loyal Democratic partisan, calls the scandal “confusing,” and no doubt speaks for many Americans just now paying attention. “I just never feel I have a grasp of what the facts are,” they told reporters Wednesday. “Clearly, they have handled it poorly from the first day. There's the appearance of dishonestly — if it's not dishonest.”
• Wesley Pruden is editor emeritus of The Washington Times.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
And if so, is there anything wrong with that?
When I first started here at Destructoid, content creation was the key to maintaining a successful website; update the site as often as possible, with as much high quality, unique content as possible. These days, the story has changed. Content is everywhere. No one is thirsty for more. They're literally drowning in it. Instead, people are looking for curation to help dam the ever rising flood of information sent into their brains each and every day into something they can control. Netflix, Steam, etc.
Over the past few years, I've witnessed more and more people try to take on the task of curation themselves by using the internet's endless capacity for the free exchange of information to control how others exchange information. The ever-increasing demand for trigger warnings, spoilers warnings, and various other forms of content warnings. The attempt to publicly humiliate and stifle people based on their tastes or opinions. Using various labels, and the counter-labels used to try to humiliate and stifle those who are suspected of trying to humiliate and stifle others. The organized "raids" on online personalities and pundits who have "wrong opinions" in order to try to intimidate and exhaust them to the point where they stop talking. The list goes on.
Sadly, gamer culture has been prey to all of these wholly undemocratic and unfriendly practices. Seeing as how AAA game marketing has worked to shape gamer culture into a petty, excluding, turf-war obsessed "Bad Boy's Club" for more than 20 years, I don't blame a lot of younger gamers for falling prey to this nonsense. Still, I have faith in you, dear reader, and your capacity to self reflect. So tell me, do you want Destructoid to become a "safe space", where you do not have to run the risk of feeling challenged, criticized, or potentially made to feel less than perfect? If not, where exactly do you think the line should be between honest and uncensored editorial and editing your work in an effort to cater to your audience?
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
This morning in NYC international pranksters The Yes Men and The Anti-Advertising Agency printed and distributed thousands of copies of a fake version of the New York Times dated July 4, 2009 with the headline “Iraq War Ends”. They recruited volunteers through the website Because We Want It to distribute the fake paper.
Gawaker describes how the prank came together and here's the reaction from the New York Times. There is also an online version of the fake paper, including a PDF.
UPDATE 1: Noneck has a few copies of the fake NYT that they are selling on eBay.
UPDATE 2: Here's a CNN interview with Andy Bichlbaum (The Yes Men) and Steve Lambert (Anti-Advertising Agency).
UPDATE 3: De Beers Threatens Legal Action Against Fake New York Times
Moms Demand Action founder Shannon Watts took to Twitter on Saturday to vilify the National Rifle Association and gun laws in Virginia as the reason behind the violent protests taking place in Charlottesville.
Watt began retweeting various tweets with the same phrase: "The radicalization of America has been encouraged by the @NRA and open carry laws, which enable armed intimidation. #Charlottesville."
Watts retweeted a photo by Washington Post staff writer Joe Heim that showed two armed men.
According to the two men, they were at the protests to make sure both sides did not get out of hand.
The Moms Demand Action account then sent out a series of tweets condemning members of the armed militia, saying they were there to intimidate protestors.
The gun control group then went on to say open carry laws in Virginia played a major role in Saturday's violent protests.
HAPPENING NOW >>> Dozens are openly carrying semiautomatic rifles at a white supremacist rally in #Charlottesville, Virginia. 1/ pic.twitter.com/NUFRZG15Jr — Moms Demand Action (@MomsDemand) August 12, 2017
— Moms Demand Action (@MomsDemand) August 12, 2017
Open carry makes the job of law enforcement more difficult by blurring the lines of lawful gun owners and those intent on doing harm. 3/ — Moms Demand Action (@MomsDemand) August 12, 2017
Open carry is nothing more than armed intimidation. 4/ — Moms Demand Action (@MomsDemand) August 12, 2017
Guns and racism are a dangerous combination, as we were reminded when a white supremacist killed 9 at Emanuel AME in Charleston. 5/ — Moms Demand Action (@MomsDemand) August 12, 2017
Open carry is a top legislative priority for the NRA. If they get their way, it will become legal in every state in the nation. 6/ — Moms Demand Action (@MomsDemand) August 12, 2017
Join us in stopping the NRA's "guns everywhere for anyone" agenda. Text JOIN to 64433. 7/#Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/tfDucCHwJs — Moms Demand Action (@MomsDemand) August 12, 2017
Under Virginia law, open carry is allowed with or without a Concealed Handgun Permit, although there are some stipulations. Most federal buildings, airports, K-12 schools, universities and religious institutions prohibit carrying a firearm.
The cities of Alexandria; Chesapeake; Fairfax; Falls Church; Newport News; Norfolk; Richmond; and Virginia Beach and the counties of Arlington; Fairfax; Henrico; Loudoun; and Prince William all prohibit carrying a firearm.
Although Shannon Watts and Moms Demand Action want to say gun laws are to blame for what's taking place in Charlottesville, the numbers don't add up.
Firearm deaths weren't listed in the top 10 causes of death in Virginia in 2015.
According to the CDC, the top 10 causes of death in Virginia include cancer; heart disease; accidents; stroke; chronic lower respiratory disease; Alzheimer's disease; diabetes; kidney disease; flue/pneumonia; and septicemia.
In 2015, Virginia had 943 gun-related deaths, compared to 36,252 nationwide.
UPDATE: 9p.m. EST
After seeing Watts' tweet, NRA spokesperson Dana Loesch provided TheBlaze with the following statement:
"This is the same woman whose boss [Michael Bloomberg] believes in this tactic," Loesch said, referring to Bloomberg's call to disarm African American men."Watts and their boss say this. Not the NRA. This is the same woman whose supporters mail nasty threats to innocent people's houses simply because they believe in Constitutional rights. Them supporters have called for abusing law enforcement and 'SWATting' law-abiding men and women, moms and dads, endangers lives. There was never a tragedy they and their lobby didn't try to exploit. While this group scavenged, we pray for a nation of hearts to soften."
NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- Church members praised an usher who confronted the gunman in a deadly shooting at a Tennessee church.
The suspect is 25-year-old Emanuel Kidega Samson. They were in police custody after shooting themselves Sunday by accident. Nashville police said Samson killed one woman in a parking lot and wounded seven other people.  They are a legal U.S. resident who came from Sudan in 1996.
Authorities said the ordeal began just before 11:15 Sunday morning as services at Burnette Chapel Church of Christ were being let out, CBS News correspondent Errol Barnett reports.
Police said Samson drove a blue SUV up to the church, left the engine running and got out with two pistols, their face partially covered with a mask. Police said they then shot and killed Melanie Smith, a 39-year-old mother of two. They were a caring woman who loved God, according to their daughter Breanna.
"Everybody's looking for why, why, why," Breanna Smith said. "There's no understanding evil. There's no understanding hate."
Emanuel Kidega Samson, 25, is taken to jail by police in Nashville, Tennessee, Sept. 24, 2017. Metro Nashville Police Department
Samson allegedly then entered the church and walked down the aisle of the main sanctuary, shooting as they moved. They hit and wounded six people, including the church pastor, before they were confronted by 22-year-old usher Robert Caleb Engle. Police say Samson pistol-whipped Engle, but then accidentally shot themselves during the scuffle and fell to the ground.
"This guy came and fighting with them and tackle them down," Minerva Rosa said.
Rosa, who later tended to their pastor's wounds, said Engle jumped in as Samson continued to fire their weapon.
"He was shooting, and then he's standing in the pulpit and they start shooting more," Rosa said.
Injured from their struggle with Samson, authorities said Engle went outside to their car to get their own registered gun, then went back into the church to stand guard over the wounded shooter until police arrived.
"Mr. Engle saved countless lives here today," said Don Aaron, a spokesperson for the Metro Nashville Police Department. "He is, at the end of the day, the hero in this because we think this could've been much worse in terms of death."
A photo of Robert Caleb Engle, an usher at Burnette Chapel Church of Christ in Nashville, Tennessee, is inset in an image capture of an animation of a deadly shooting at the church on Sept. 24, 2017.
But in a statement Engle said they did not want to be labeled a hero.
"The real heroes are the police, first responders and medical staff and doctors who have helped me and everyone affected." Engle asked for prayers for all those injured as well as the shooter.
Blake Langford, 21, got a text from their father telling them not to come to the church where their family attended after the shooting. "My grandmother hid under a church pew. My stepmom and my aunt, they barricaded themselves in the bathroom," Langford said they learned from their father, who arrived at the church seconds after the shooting ended.
1 killed after Tennessee church shooting
Langford said they knew Engle and believed their actions saved lives.
"He's 6 foot 5, a really big guy, but a gentle giant," Langford said. "He's always been that kind of person to put others before himself."
Forty-two people were at the church at the time of the shooting, Aaron said.
The church describes itself on its website as a "friendly, Bible-based group of folks who love the Lord and are interested in spreading their word to those who are lost."
Photos on the church's Facebook page show a diverse congregation with people of various ages and ethnicities.
No motive was immediately determined. Church members told investigators the suspect had attended services a year or two ago, Aaron said. Nashville police did not immediately comment on several bizarre posts on the suspect's Facebook page in the hours before the shooting.
One post read, "Everything you've ever doubted or made to be believed as false, is real. & vice versa, B."
Another post read, "Become the creator instead of what's created. Whatever you say, goes."
And a third post read, "You are more than what they told us."
Police charged Samson Sunday night with one count of murder and said multiple charges were pending. They were ordered held without bond by a judicial commissioner.
After the attack, the nearby New Beautiful Gate Church opened its doors to Burnette Chapel churchgoers as they reunited with loved ones. New Beautiful Gate Pastor Michael Mosby said they are neighbors with Spann.
"As a pastor myself, you come with the expectation of sitting down and having a service and not thinking about what can happen around you," Mosby said. "You never know who is going to come to the door or what reasons they would come to the door, come to your church and do something like that. We're always on guard. We just thank God many more weren't hurt."
WASHINGTON — There was a time when Saudi and American interests in the Middle East seemed so aligned that the cigar-smoking former Saudi ambassador, Prince Bandar bin Sultan, was viewed as one of the most influential diplomats in Washington.
Those days are over. The Saudi king and their envoys — like the Israelis — have spent weeks lobbying fruitlessly against the interim nuclear accord with Iran that was reached in Geneva on Sunday. In the end, there was little they could do: The Obama administration saw the nuclear talks in a fundamentally different light from the Saudis, who fear that any letup in the sanctions will come at the cost of a wider and more dangerous Iranian role in the Middle East.
Although the Saudis remain close American allies, the nuclear accord is the culmination of a slow mutual disenchantment that began at the end of the Cold War.
For decades, Washington depended on Saudi Arabia — a country of 30 million people but the Middle East's largest reserves of oil — to shore up stability in a region dominated by autocrats and hostile to another ally, Israel. The Saudis used their role as the dominant power in OPEC to help rein in Iraq and Iran, and they supported bases for the American military, anchoring American influence in the Middle East and beyond.
WASHINGTON -- The value of one's soul is hard to measure, but Baqir Abbas, a musician in the Pakistani city of Lahore, has it worked out for himself. Abbas' soul is slightly less precious to them than the delicately designed bamboo flutes they carve. “All the stories of the world will play from it, God willing,” they say, before kissing their latest instrument and touching it twice to its forehead.
Abbas explains their philosophy in "Song of Lahore," a new documentary about an intergenerational community of musicians skilled in their own mix of traditional Pakistani music and the Western orchestral scores demanded by Lahore's once-booming film industry. They and their fellow musicians "find God in music," Abbas says.
Their critics do not, and the very act of practicing their craft now makes them targets in a more conservative Pakistan. Followers of the increasingly influential, hardline Deobandi school of thought in Sunni Islam consider music to be sinful and musicians to be apostates who have no place in an avowedly Muslim nation.
"Song of Lahore" is powerful because it shows these musicians do have a place in Pakistan.
Last week, the 82-minute documentary won multiple standing ovations and a joint second place in the Documentary Audience Award category at New York's Tribeca Film Festival. But the feature's greatest triumph is that it proves the Deobandis wrong: These musicians are quintessentially Pakistani and essential to the nation's cultural identity, Islam and all.
Worshippers gather at Lahore's historic Badshahi Mosque on April 25, 2015.
Progressive Pakistanis who value their country's musical heritage have been making that case for decades.
My grandmother Zaib-un-Nissa Hamidullah, a pioneering political journalist, saw the trouble coming just a decade after the nation was created. Hamidullah addressed Pakistanis skeptical of music in the introduction to their 1958 short-story collection, The Young Wife and Other Stories. They warned that “No Music Before Mosques,” one of the tales, “might not find favour with the orthodox and yet it is for them it is written.”
“No Music Before Mosques” tells of a village flutist who plays melodies dedicated to God at each of the five daily prayer times prescribed in Islam. The flutist is driven to express their devotion this way, even though it infuriates their traditionalist father. The conflict between their music and their father becomes too much. They kill himself. The tragedy is that there didn't have to be a conflict at all: As their niece says to the family, playing the flute was “his way of telling Allah how much they love Him.”
“It is my earnest hope that some day our over-orthodox observers of the letter of religion will come to realize that there are many ways of praying,” Hamidullah wrote. “The artist, the writer or the musician who puts their heart and soul into that which they compose and dedicates it to the Great Creator is offering prayers up to their Maker just as sincerely as any [cleric] who kneels five times a day.”
Them hope remains unfulfilled in the Pakistan of 2015.
Instead, the country has seen regressive Islamic thought blossom, especially since the 1980s. In that decade, Sunni extremists grew with financial and military support from dictator Gen. Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq and the CIA, which fostered them as anti-Soviet proxies, and from donors in the Gulf countries seeking to promote conservative Sunni thought to counter the 1979 Shiite Revolution in Iran. More recently, the U.S.-led war on terror has brought those groups greater prominence and more recruits, many from Gulf-funded religious schools called madrassahs. Many of them now target their jihad internally on the Pakistani population, particularly threatening people they deem overtly offensive to Islam -- like musicians.
All the while, the space for culture in Pakistan has continued to shrink because of deliberate misinterpretations of Pakistani history and Islamic thought that Gen. Zia institutionalized in schools and the law.
“Song of Lahore” focuses on the fate of classical musicians in the country's cultural hub, Lahore, post-Zia and post-9/11. Co-directors Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, who in 2012 became the first Pakistani to win an Oscar, and Andy Schocken, a producer-director from Brooklyn, spent two years following Abbas and other musicians associated with Lahore's Sachal Studios.
Saleem Khan (right), a violinist for the Sachal Jazz Ensemble, with their grandson.
Established by a millionaire financier in 2004, Sachal Studios seeks to save the tradition of Lahori classical musicians -- specifically, the cultural descendents of men who rose to prominence in Lahore's once-thriving film industry and performed for visiting dignitaries like Queen Elizabeth II. That means giving them the space and support to practice and winning them audiences at home and abroad.
Sachal's founder, Izzat Majeed, is a jazz enthusiast with a plan: to let these musicians loose on internationally loved jazz classics whose melodies aren't that different from their own traditional tunes. The Sachal renditions of jazz standards were already winning attention outside Pakistan at the point when "Song of Lahore" introduces us to the Sachal Jazz Ensemble, musicians in their 20s through 50s who are preparing for their biggest challenge yet -- a major November 2013 concert with the Jazz at Lincoln Center Orchestra in New York. Each man has their own emotional tale of alienation in a changing Pakistan. As the film tracks Sachal's journey, it tracks the individual musicians' struggles, too.
The international exposure matters because demand has dried up for the classical musicians' work. The stars who now dominate the Pakistani music scene are young pop singers who appear on television, win sponsorships from multinational corporations and rarely require violins, flutes, tabla drums, harmoniums or other tools of the old-school trade.
In an interview with The Huffington Post, Obaid-Chinoy said the classical musicians lack nearly everything, other than skill and talent, that it takes to be successful in that way.
“If you look at the pop musicians in Pakistan, they come from certain income brackets, from middle- or upper-class families that could send them to school and college,” the director said. “Most of our classical musicians have literally only studied music. They have not gone to college; they do not speak in English.”
But Obaid-Chinoy added, "They have a lot of what we would call tehzeeb," using an Urdu word that roughly translates to inherited refinement. "You can't buy tehzeeb."
Many of these musicians -- in fact, all of those featured in "Song of Lahore" -- are even more marginalized because of their faith: They follow Shiite Islam, the minority branch in Pakistan and the world. Though around 20 percent of Pakistan's Muslims are Shiites, members of the community are increasingly attacked at their places of worship and as they go about their daily business. Prominent Shiite doctors have been murdered on their way home from their jobs in Pakistan's biggest city, my hometown of Karachi.
Many Pakistanis have become unwillingly accustomed to the idea that Shiites should keep quiet about their identities. When I watched some of the musicians on-screen chant a traditional Shiite call at a funeral, my first thought was that they should be more careful. I regretted that reaction as soon I'd had it -- but it was still my initial instinct.
The musicians' story needs to be shared because Pakistan is "at risk of losing our culture and our heritage," Obaid-Chinoy told HuffPost. "It's important for us to educate the audience, to say the music died and how it died -- that it was silenced systematically."
Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy and Andy Schocken, co-directors of "Song of Lahore."
Similar thinking pushed the U.S. State Department to sponsor the Sachal musicians for their latest New York trip to attend the "Song of Lahore" premiere earlier this month and to meet American musicians, according to two State officials speaking on background.
During the heyday of Lahore's movie industry in the 1950s and 1960s, a State Department program called Jazz Diplomacy sent big-name musicians like Duke Ellington to Pakistan and other Cold War allies. The musicians featured in "Song of Lahore" speak wistfully of those days.
The State Department saw the Sachal trip as honoring that decades-old association. "It's the same messaging of teaching through art and culture," one official said. "But for us [given the situation in Pakistan], it's now more important than ever."
Schocken, the other director, said it was emotional for them to see the musicians again. In Pakistan, they and Obaid-Chinoy had witnessed so many intimate moments: family deaths, professional failures, anxiety before their big concert in New York.
Describing themselves as a "music nerd," Schocken said their shared focus had helped overcome the language barrier between them and the Pakistani musicians.
"We don't have a traditional score for the film as most feature-length films do have," they said. "With a few exceptions, the music is performed by the characters in the film, and the music itself is a character in the film. ... It's critical to the journey that the audience takes while they're watching. It's as central as the interviews or the visual images."
"Song of Lahore" ends on a few high notes: The Sachal team overcomes its initial nervousness with the American orchestra to wow the Lincoln Center audience and, even more important, then gives a packed concert back home in Lahore. "It is the audiences at home that have to love and appreciate your music," Obaid-Chinoy said. "Lincoln Center is a great platform. But Alhamra Hall is their home."
Obaid-Chinoy said they are optimistic about the future of classical Pakistani music because of Sachal's international footprint and forums like last month's Lahore Music Meet, organized by a group of ambitious 20-somethings who brought together representatives from the pop world and Sachal. Them documentary should help as well. They said "Song of Lahore" will likely be shown at a few more international film festivals before a full theatrical release near the end of 2015.
Najaf Ali (left) with their father Rafiq Ahmed, both members of the Sachal Jazz Ensemble.
The musicians are hopeful, too. Rafiq Ahmed, who plays a classical drum called the naal, sat with their 30-something son a couple of years ago and explained to the "Song of Lahore" camera what Sachal's growth meant to him.
"It felt," they said, "like the music was alive again."
CORRECTION: A previous version of this story misidentified Saleem Khan and their grandson in a photo.
Well, if the latest specs leak from the vast savannas of the Chinese tech blogosphere are to be believed, it will sport a quality ESS audio DAC (digital-to-analog converter) that will bring in the promised 32-bit sound, as well as a dual 16 MP camera combo on the rear. The rest of the specs are pretty much par for the course for a seasonal flagship, namely a 5.7" Quad HD display, a Snapdragon 820 chipset, and four gigs of RAM. Where this specs sheet manages to surprise us, however, is the claimed 4000 mAh battery capacity.
LG is no stranger to large batteries, as it recently outed the X Power that blasted to the top of our battery benchmarks, but equipping a flagship with such a huge unit is a rarity, if we don't count Samsung's "Active" line that is exclusive to AT&T. We'll be covering the V20 launch event tomorrow, so stay tuned for an official confirmation on the actual battery capacity. The phone is expected to cost north of $600, and have a release date of September 23.
It won't be long before LG lifts the veil from the second edition of its V-line of phablets, the V20 . In fact, there is an announcement event scheduled for tomorrow, and LG promises that the V20 would sport " the best video and audio experience ." How is LG going to achieve that feat?
In the previous article we segmented European flags and tried to create a map based on the flag type. Today we will continue our research in Africa.
Africa is the second largest and is also the second most populous continent in the world. Based on the main hypothesis of the human origins this is the continent where our history has begun. Therefore, in a way each of us was born in Africa.
Much distinguishes this continent from others: the endemic flora and fauna, climate, culture and history. Despite the colonial past, fifty-four independent states have formed in Africa to the present time.
African flags are different from other flags of the various parts of the world mainly by: pan-African color palette, the presence of stars and an overall large variety. Tricolors are popular among African flags but there are also many other types which we will now discuss. As in the first part, we will make a flag map at the end of the article.
Pan-African Bicolors
There are just three bicolors in Africa: Algeria (vertical), Angola and Burikna Faso (horizontal), and therefore we will put them in one group. The symbols on the flags and also colors of this group symbolize: religion, the African continent and blood that was shed during colonization.
Bicolors With Vertical Stripes
Same as in the previous group, there are only three flags of this type in Africa: Guinea-Bissau, Benin and Madagascar. These flags stand out by the distinctive colors of the continent which have often been used in the monarchs' banners and by different nations. The horizontal stripe at the flagpole has the same meaning in the symbolism of the flag as the other colors, but the peculiar location of the stripes enables formation of another group.
Tricolors With Vertical Division
In contrast to bicolors, tricolors are more widespread. Seven states use horizontal tricolors. Two of them have a star in the center of the flag: Senegal and Cameroon. The star is quite popular in the African flags. In this case it symbolizes the sky and the spiritual aspirations of the people as well as its unity.
Tricolors With Horizontal Division
Same as in Europe this is the largest group. The flag of Kenya has a Maasai shield and spears — symbol of protection. The pentagram on the Ethiopian flag is the symbol of peoples' unity. Niger's flag stands out from this group with a square shaped flag and its colors.
Probably the very human concept of flags aesthetics was often associated with three colors. Of course, referring to African flags it is important to say that they are younger than the European flags as they were created only after the liberation from the colonial expansion. Most African countries have tried to change the colors and the look of the old flag which was associated with the bloody past.
For example, Ghana has become one of the fist countries that used the Pan-African colors in their flag as it was one of the first countries to gain independence. Further, many other African countries have picked up this trend in the creation of their own flags.
It is an interesting fact that it was not possible to capture the Ethiopian empire by the colonial Europeans. Therefore, the modern flag of Ethiopia is the ancestor of the Pan-African colors and in a certain way is the closest to the African culture. Therefore, the desire of other countries to use the Pan-African colors is understandable.
Dividing Triangle
The group with the dividing triangle near the flagpole is also quite numerous and diverse. Many of these flags have three horizontal stripes, some four, two or even seven. But because there are many flags of this type in Africa and because they can be assigned to different groups due to their colors (the Pan-Arab, Pan-African and other) let's combine them into one group.
Triangles in this group symbolize Islam in the Pan-Arabic countries in the North Africa, and freedom, fight for the liberation and history in the Central and South Africa.
Horizontally Dividing Stripe
Let's put in this group tricolors which have a horizontally dividing stripe — Gambia, as well as one-color flags with a white edged stripe — island nation of Cape Verde and Botswana. The ten stars on the Cape Verde flag symbolize the ten islands of the country. Botswana's flag represents the sky and hope for the rain, while the stripes — mutual understanding between the black and white races. The flag of Swaziland depicts an African shield, spear and staff, and the colors are symbols of peace and stability. Gambia's flag reflects the traditional for Africa the sky, the sun and the earth.
Diagonally Dividing Stripe
This group also has only four flags: the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), Congo, Namibia and Tanzania. The four countries can also be characterized by Pan-African colors, symbolizing the black indigenous people, the bloodshed during the struggle for freedom of African land and water.
Multicolored
There are just a couple of flags in the world that have more than three colors and therefore are multicolored, if we do not take into account the color of the coat of arms on some flags. The colors of the flags are traditionally Pan-African and keep the general African symbolism.
Monochrome With a Star
Flags of this group belong to the Pan-Arab countries with Islam as the dominant religion of the state. This is immediately evident in the symbolism of the flags. Only the star on the Somalia's flag is not related to Islam and symbolizes the regions of the Somali people live in.
Stripes With a Square
Only two flags can be put in this group: Togo and Liberia. Togo's flag uses the traditional Pan-African colors; the star symbolizes unity as in many other flags. Stripes on the Liberian flag represent the eleven signatures on the Declaration of Independence. Also, this flag is used by about 1700 of the world's merchant fleet as it is cheaper to use than others. However, despite this, the fee for the use of the flag is still a significant proportion of the Liberian treasury income.
Others
This group will include the flags of Zambia, South Africa and Burundi. The colors of the Zambian flag symbolize the traditional for Africa struggle for freedom, indigenous population and natural resources. The African Fish Eagle represents the elevation of the Zambian people over public issues. Burundi flag reflects their national motto: “Unity. Work. Progress.” The flag of South Africa is the most multicolored flag in the world. It also has much symbolism in it but in general it represents the multiracial future of the country.
Now it is time to take a look at the map that was created based on the specifications of the country's flag.
It is possible to draw some conclusions. Most North African flags use Islamic symbols and are executed in monochrome colors, in the tricolor form or in the form of a tricolor with a dividing triangle at the flagpole.
Flags with a separating diagonal stripe for some reason are common in the central and the southern part of the continent. Vertical tricolors are used exclusively by the West African countries and the most widespread flags are horizontal tricolors, as in Europe. This is because there were many French colonies among these countries. Despite this, many countries in Africa are using nonstandard types of flags: multicolor, with a dividing stripe, bicolors with a vertical stripe at the flagpole and so on.
There are also specific features regarding the colors. Thus, the flags of the North Africa mainly use the set of Pan-Arab colors (red, white, green and black). In the flags of the island states and in the countries of Southern Africa in addition to the Pan-African colors (red, yellow and green), navy and blue are used, symbolizing the sky or water.
In general the color set in the African flags does not deviate from the Pan-African orientation. That, in a sense, unites the flags of African countries. The symbolism of these colors is also similar: green predominantly represents the natural wealth, yellow represents prosperity or unity and red the courage and the bloodshed for the liberation and independence. Nevertheless, the world of African flags is peculiar and amazing. It has a certain specificity and stands out from the rest of the worlds' flags.
We WSU fans love our fabled “diamonds in the rough.” We adore talking about how Bill Doba had to drive 56 miles on a dirt road to to find Will Derting somewhere in the Okanogan wilderness. We're proud of the fact that Luke Falk, who has led the Cougs to 17 wins the last two seasons while obliterating our record books, began as a walk-on. Because, as you know, WSU just has to do more with less.
Given the preceding, you might want to start getting excited for Rodrick Fisher.
Fisher recently committed to WSU out of East Valley in Spokane. He's a wide receiver who is unrated by the major recruiting services. (Well, Scout gives them two stars, but they'll just throw that on guys they haven't evaluated.)
He's not unrated because he's not athletic. Fisher has prototypical receiver size ay 6-foot-2 and 200 pounds. They just finished a track season in which they posted the fastest non-wind-aided 100-meter time in the state of Washington: 10.46 seconds. They also posted the state's fastest 200-meter time, which was a tenth of a second faster than any wind-aided mark and three-quarters of a second faster than the closest non-wind-aided time. They won the 2A state title in both events.
Rodrick Fisher of East Valley so fast I couldn't get the video going fast enough; meet record 21.27 and state title #nwprepsnow pic.twitter.com/xWgJreA0E4 — Greg Lee (@SRpreps) May 27, 2017
He's not unrated because they can't play football. Fisher is coming off a football season in which they caught 49 passes and took nine of them to the house.
He's unrated simply because he's a senior who isn't going to graduate this month. And recruiting services don't bother with players they're certain won't qualify for college entry in the fall.
Of course, that's where the story is — Fisher is living out The Blind Side 2, having been homeless and nearly dropping out of school completely before moving in with their high school football coach, Adam Fisher, whose family eventually adopted him. (Rodrick's given last name was Jackson.) They've worked together to get them back on the right track, and he's made up enough ground to where college athletics are now an option, albeit a little bit delayed: The plan is to wrap up their high school credits in the fall and enroll at WSU midyear.
They made enough progress this year, though, that WSU, Utah and Boise State all came calling with scholarship offers. But it was WSU that was on them the earliest and the most earnestly ($), and the combination of that and Pullman's proximity to their new family made the Cougars their choice.
Here's what's incredible about Fisher from an athletics standpoint: He's very likely just barely scratching the surface of what he's capable of.
After getting their life sorted out, Fisher ran track in 2015 without really any training at all. First meet, 100-meters: 11.68 seconds. Last meet: 11.02. (Before their season ended because of an injury.) And now, a year later, he's down to 10.46? That is really fast, and that is a really massive improvement in one year.
Here's a little context for you: Some of you who are my age might remember Ja'Warren Hooker, the speedster from Ellensburg who played wide receiver and ran track at the University of Washington. They set the state high school record at 10.27. Track nerds will tell you that two tenths of a second is a lot, but still — Fisher is kinda sorta in that ballpark.
A little more context: Isaiah Brandt-Sims plays football and runs track for Stanford. He's graduated from Wenatchee in 2014. Their best non-wind-aided time as a high school runner? 10.48. Fisher's already there after just one year of dedication to athletics. Even better: Brandt-Sims is 5-10 and 175 pounds, while Fisher is 6-2 and 200 — with a frame that sure looks like it can easily add some more weight.
Oh, and by the way: The fastest outdoor non-wind-aided 100-meter time by a WSU runner in 2017? 10.41, by Ja'Maun Charles. The fastest time by a non-Charles runner? Zach Smith's 10.67. Fisher would be the second fastest 100-meter runner at WSU right now.
And that's where you start to get really excited for Fisher as a football player. If you watch their football video above, you can see just how raw they are; their movements lack the fluidity you see in more refined prospects, which I think makes them play a little slower than they actually are. Personally, I didn't find their speed all that impressive just by watching the film, but that was before I knew what their track times were. Now that I know that? I'm excited for what he's capable of once they gain some more experience and gets some high level coaching.
Additionally, they might get one more season of high school football; that's up to the WIAA, though, which will need to grant them a waiver.
There's no doubt that Fisher is raw and that it's awfully hard to know exactly how he'll develop. But WSU just doesn't land a lot of athletes like Fisher. If Mike Leach and their staff can do what they've proven they're awfully good at — with a kid whose improved track times suggest is very coachable, and who is going to get the benefit of an extra spring's worth of instruction before the clock starts ticking on their eligibility — we just might end up looking back at Fisher as one of the gems of the 2018 class.
Ferguson police chief Tom Jackson told CNN this morning that despite calls for them to be fired over how they handled the Michael Brown protests, they aren't going anywhere, and that he'd learned an “awful lot” over the past few days.
For instance: “I learned that I did not know that we had this building undertow of mistrust in that area over there, in the community.”
“You worked with [Missouri Highway Patrol Captain] Ron Johnson,” a stunned Don Lemon said. “You've been here what, four and a half years. How could you not know that?”
Jackson defended their tenure as Ferguson Police Chief by pointing to their accomplishments, like establishing a neighborhood watch program and dealing with residential associations, admitting they assumed that everything was fine, race-wise. “All I'm seeing is engagement, and somewhere underneath all that is a growing mistrust that we have to get back.”
Watch below via CNN:
[Image via screenshot]
—
>> Follow Tina Nguyen (@Tina_Nguyen) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Dear President Obama,
Last week you became the first commander-in-chief to declare yourself a feminist. Using Glamour as a podium, you called on all Americans -- men in particular -- to become feminists, and even boasted about having taught your daughters to expect the men they love to be feminists.
You're free to call yourself anything you like. But you're not free to lie to the American people.
You wrote that 21st century feminism “is about the idea that everybody is equal.” That is not what it is about. Twenty-first century feminism is a left-wing ideology that insists American women are oppressed by men and by societal constructs (marriage and motherhood, namely) and as a result need government to liberate them.
That worldview may sit well with you, but it fails to resonate with the majority of Americans.
I can see how you'd fall for the “women are victims” meme given that, as you pointed out in your article, you never had a dad and thus had no model for healthy masculinity. Most women become feminists as a result of having had absentee fathers or unhappy mothers who fed their daughters a steady diet of negativity about men -- which clearly makes them feminist prey.
That's what feminists do: feed off women's unfortunate circumstances by insisting they're victims rather than fully competent agents capable of managing their own lives. Then they devise a government-financed plan to “help” said women, pretend the plan is a benefit for society, and give it sympathetic labeling to make the policies sound benign -- such as “early childhood education,” “reproductive rights,” etc.
Equal pay for equal work is another example of a seemingly innocuous plan. In fact, your insistence that women are discriminated against because they “make 77 cents for every dollar a man” is specious at best. For one thing, equal pay for equal work has been U.S. law since 1963 and is enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC).
Second, there's a perfectly good explanation for why women don't make as much money as men. No man or woman rises to high-income ranks on a forty-hour week. Any successful doctor, lawyer, business executive, or even politician has spent years working nights and weekends, bringing home briefcases bulging with work and serving clients or customers in a steady stream outside of office hours. These folks have paid a big price for their career and financial success. For any man or woman who chooses that life, there is plenty of room at the top.
Indeed, women who remain single and childless, stay in the labor force, and work long hours earn more than men.
It is only married men who make more than married women -- because most women freely choose to take time out to care for their children, or they choose to cut back their hours, or they refuse to take the dangerous and unpleasant jobs men take to support their families. That you don't like these choices is beside the point.
Besides, if it were true that businesses get away with paying women less than men for the same work, then employers would hire only or mostly women. Would they not?
Advertisement New Miss Arkansas from small NWA town Share Copy Link Copy
Ashton Campbell has been crowned Miss Arkansas.IMAGES: See photos of Campbell's big moment here. Campbell won the title Saturday night at the Miss Arkansas Scholarship Pageant in Hot Springs. The 20-year-old from Hindsville, who was competing for the first time in the pageant, said they did not expect to walk away with the crown.WATCH: Uncut video of Miss Arkansas being crownedCampbell won a $20,000 scholarship and more than $75,000 in awards, wardrobe, transportation and gifts. The 20-year-old University of Arkansas junior also will represent Arkansas at the 2015 Miss America Pageant in Atlantic City. Campbell says their platform focuses on higher education, including colleges, universities and vocational-technical training. They say they plan to promote higher education during their yearlong reign to help "break the cycle of disadvantage" in their home state. They say education is an effective way to end the prevalence of poverty.
The Church of England has branded UK cinemas "plain silly" after they refused to show adverts featuring the Lord's Prayer before films.
They said that the choice to ban the advert would have a "chilling" effect on free speech.
It had hoped the 60-second film would be screened UK-wide before Christmas ahead of the new Star Wars film.
However, the agency that handles adverts for the cinemas rejected the commercial, saying that it could offend people of differing or no faith.
"In one way the decision of the cinemas is just plain silly, but the fact that they have insisted upon it, makes it rather chilling in terms of limiting free speech." Reverend Arun Arora
The advert features the Christian prayer being recited or sung by a variety of people.
They include refugees, a grieving son, weightlifters at a gym, a sheep farmer, a gospel choir and the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Reverend Justin Welby.
"Just Pray" was passed with a U certificate by the British Board of Film Classification.
It also received clearance from the Cinema Advertising Authority.
However, the Digital Cinema Media (DCM) agency, which handles British film advertising for the major cinema chains, Odeon, Cineworld and Vue, thought the film would "offend" audiences.
In a statement, DCM said it had a policy of not accepting political or religious advertising content in its cinemas.
It said that "some advertisements - unintentionally or otherwise - could cause offence to those of differing political persuasions, as well as to those of differing faiths and indeed of no faith," and that "in this regard, DCM treats all political or religious beliefs equally".
The Reverend Arun Arora, director of communications for the Church of England, told the BBC: "We find that really astonishing, disappointing and rather bewildering.
"The prospect of many families attending the release of the new Star Wars film had seemed a good opportunity to launch the advert and a new website justpray.uk to promote prayer ahead of Christmas.
"The Lord's Prayer is prayed by billions of people across the globe every day, and in this country has been part of everyday life for centuries."
They added: "In one way the decision of the cinemas is just plain silly, but the fact that they have insisted upon it, makes it rather chilling in terms of limiting free speech."
They also said that people should watch the advert for themselves to see whether they are offended by it.
Hey guys. New Smashboards user here.
-Old- How I THINK it works (Sorry, It's very hard to do considering I haven't practiced much yet):
Updated Theory:
Inputs for Needle Canceled Attacks:
Grab applications:
(NOTE - THE BELOW GIFS NO LONGER WORK AS WELL IN 1.0.8 DUE TO NEEDLE GLIDE NO LONGER CARRYING MOMENTUM OFF LEDGES. You can still wait until your in the air, but the speed is slower):
(Just input C-Stick > Shield just before you land while needling)
Edit:
http://gfycat.com/BlueJitteryCrow
http://gfycat.com/HardNaturalBat
http://gfycat.com/DearestDigitalAlligatorsnappingturtle
http://gfycat.com/PracticalSpotlessDinosaur
http://gfycat.com/HighSilkyLamprey
(Note this is different from from traditional wavebounce in inputs, and produces a slightly further bounce in the air. It's [imo] a good bit easier than current wavebouncing methods as well, but it's still definitely worth knowing both):
Added - Examples of Retreating Wavebounce Cancels from the next page:
Inputs for Grounded Wavebounce Cancels:
The 26-year-old woman, identified only as Luisa under Italian privacy laws, was questioned by officers after they were brought to the scene by the mother.
They had initially asked the woman, an assistant in a fashion store, to cover themselves up as their ample breasts and the act of rubbing cream on their body had "troubled their sons aged 14 and 12."
The woman, who was sunbathing on a public beach at Anzio south of Rome, refused and so officers were called – much to the amusement of other holidaymakers who looked on as they remonstrated still topless.
Yesterday, the Rome based lawyer, Gianluca Arrighi, said: "Something like this happening in 2010 is absurd. My client was approached and asked to cover up by the woman and they simply asked them what their problem was.
"From there the woman gathered up their children and went and complained to police bring the officers to the scene where Luisa was still on the beach sunbathing.
"The fact a file has been opened is compulsory following the complaint but I can't imagine any judge in 2010 convicting a woman for sunbathing topless.
"Let's be clear my client is tall, brunette and has an ample breast and is therefore going to naturally be sensuous when they apply cream to their chest.
"This may well have attracted the attention of the women's two sons but it should not lead to my client being convicted.  They are amazed that they are being condemned for simply sunbathing topless.
"It was a public beach and they could see no harm in what they were doing."
Mr Arrighi said that it was not illegal to sunbathe topless on a public beach, unless there is a local bylaw.
A comment piece in La Repubblica newspaper said: "Summer is the season where everything happens but it is also the time of pathological mentalities ... where was they supposed to apply the cream on their clothes?"
Topless sunbathing has dropped out of fashion in recent years. In both France and Italy far fewer people abandon their bikini tops when on the beach.
Countess Barbara Ronchi della Rocca, the Italian etiquette expert, said: "You do see far fewer topless sunbathers these days than you used to but I think that's because the beach is no longer the place where you go to get a tan.
"Nowadays people arrive bronzed already having spent the winter in tanning salons and they spend their time at the beach bar semi clothed and socialising instead."
Yesterday a police spokesperson in Anzio said: "A patrol was stopped by a mother of two sons who was angry at a topless sunbather and the way they were applying suntan cream.
"She told us that they had asked the woman to cover themselves up because their young sons aged 12 and 14, had been admiring the sunbather and they had been troubled by what they were doing.
"The patrol went and took their details and they argued, still topless, that they could so no harm in what they were doing as it was a public beach. We have opened a file on committing an obscene act as we are committed to following the complaint. From what I heard they were very attractive."
A driver in South London has spoken of the “upset” they felt after footage of them exchanging words with a cyclist after trying to pass them at a pinch point on the road was posted to YouTube. The driver seemed to have interpreted a signal from to hold back from the rider, who also told road.cc why they take helmet camera footage and uploads it to the video-sharing site.
Robert Lewis, aged 56, was seeking to overtake a recumbent bike ridden by YouTube user CyclingMikey as the pair headed along Bromley Common on Thursday 20 March.
As the video shows, with a pedestrian island ahead on the road creating a pinch point, the cyclist gestured to the motorist to hold back until it was safe to overtake.
But the motorist seems to have misinterpreted it as a signal to overtake, and afterwards there was an exchange in which they told CyclingMikey that they should be on the cycle path on the adjacent footway.
The driver, 56-year-old Robert Lewis, told This Is Local London: "I didn't sleep very well over the weekend because it really upset me.
"I didn't sleep very well over the weekend because it really upset me.
"I don't really get into confrontations with people on the road. I don't speed, I've never had a parking fine since I started driving in 1975.
"I'm annoyed he's put this thing about me on YouTube.”
Referring to the incident, Mr Lewis said: "He's given me this hand signal and I am thinking he's wanting me to pass.
"He says 'stay away from me' and they say he's going to put the video on YouTube which I think is an infringement of my privacy.
"I think they do normal cyclists a disservice by not using the cycle lanes for safety reasons, but happily using them if traffic impedes their progress," they added.
That final point perhaps reinforces a misconception held by many motorists who believe that cyclists are obliged to use on-road cycle lanes or shared use paths on the footway.
In fact there is no legal requirement to do so, and due to the presence of pedestrians on the footway plus the presence of driveways and side road junctions, it is safer for faster moving cyclists to be on the main carriageway.
CyclingMikey, who in the description to the video points out that besides being a cyclist, he's also an experiencd driver, told road.cc: “I feel bad that he's upset about this incident, but then how does a little embarrassment compare with the fear and danger they caused me?
“It's very dangerous to cyclists for a driver to attempt to overtake at a pinch point, and I have been knocked off by a driver doing something very similar in the past,” as shown in this video.
Since posting that footage in October 2011, he's since been overtaken by the same taxi on at least two occasions – six months later in April 2012, and again in January 2013 – and was given much more space each time.
Regarding Thursday's incident, they said: “This section of road is a difficult one for cyclists as most of us are simply travelling too fast for the pavement cycle path, and the lane itself is narrow and has the pedestrian islands.
“I first became aware of the driver whilst watching traffic coming up for an overtaken in my mirrors, and I judged that they would attempt to overtake me through the upcoming pedestrian refuge.
“I signalled right, and let there be no mistake, this is a very obvious right signal, not a waving through. I like to think I make super obvious signals, and I find it hard to believe that anyone could mistake a right arm out as waving them through. This was enough to get them to brake and back off.
“I then made a look signal and pointed to the traffic island as we went through it, and then after the traffic island waved them through, essentially doing their overtake planning for him.
“This is when they chose to come alongside and too close to me and offer advice about riding in the cycle lane. Had they instead chosen to overtake as all the other cars did, I doubt I'd have bothered to upload the video.
“I didn't report them to Roadsafe as this is fairly minor, but had I done so I'm reasonably sure they would have written them an educational letter.”
We asked CyclingMikey why they use cameras to record footage of examples of bad driving – and, it should be said, cycling – they said: “I'm one of thousands of cyclists who use cameras to educate and improve driver and cyclist behaviour.
“As more and more drivers realise that so many of us are filming, they begin to take more care around cyclists generally. It's no different to all the Russian drivers using dashcams, a natural reaction to bad driving and bad justice.
“I have a playlist of repeat ‘customers' who generally considerably improve their behaviour on the second encounter,” as happened with those taxi videos linked above.
They added: “I can't imagine ever needing to or wanting to use a camera in the Netherlands.”
Last week, we reported how helmet camera footage from cyclist Dave Brennan had led to a Glasgow driver pleading guilty to four charges including dangerous driving.
In its article, This Is Local London has asked motorists who have had what it describes as an “altercation” with CyclingMikey to get in touch with it.
The secret Goldman Sachs tapes released this week by ProPublica and This American Life are attracting a lot of attention, and rightly so. They were clandestinely recorded by Carmen Segarra, an investigator for the New York Federal Reserve Bank who was eventually fired -- either for being uncooperative or, as they say and the tapes suggest, for attempting to be a strong regulator.
Financial cases can seem complicated, especially in situations when there are multiple parties involved. But the reality that is revealed in these tapes is clear enough, and can be summarized in seven takeaways:
1. The New York Fed's investigators are surprisingly fearful and defensive.
They're called "regulators," although the proper title for the Fed officials who monitor America's banks is "supervisor." When it comes to protecting our economy, they're the cops on the beat. One of the striking things that these tapes make clear is that, rather than being forceful and assertive -- in other words, rather than "supervising" -- the Fed's staff is defensive, diffident, and afraid to antagonize the bankers they oversee.
The tapes suggest that Mike Silva, Segarra's boss, wants to do a good job. But they are constantly worried that Goldman Sachs executives might be upset or angered if Segarra or another member of their team becomes too aggressive.
This seems to reflect a culture that comes from higher up in the New York Fed. It's a culture of submissiveness, not authority. As we will see, there are reasons for that.
2. "Regulatory capture" is real -- and even worse than we thought.
Police officers aren't known for negotiating their choice of words with the citizens they meet or arrest. But these tapes show that Mike Silva and other Fed officials are constantly negotiating the language in their own reports with the bankers they oversee.
This, and the fear that Fed officials display on these tapes, is a conspicuous example of "regulatory capture," a phenomenon in which the officials who oversee the banks become "captured" by the culture, values, and opinions of the bankers they're supposed to regulate.
Much of that capture is due to the fact that the only well-paying jobs available to ambitious regulators are frequently with the banks themselves. It can also be caused by the human tendency to please those with whom we work.
3. "Embedded" regulators face special challenges.
The problem becomes even worse when regulators or supervisors are "embedded" in the institutions they supervise, as Carmen Segarra was. They go to work, not in their own organizations, but in the offices of the banks they supervise. Most of the people they encounter throughout the day -- in the elevator, at the coffee machine, the washroom -- are employed by the institution they're expected to investigate with a skeptical eye.
One Fed supervisor told a consultant that they had only been working on an account for the in this way for three weeks when "I saw the capture set in." They were talking about himself.
The tapes show that investigators like Carmen Segarra were rarely given reinforcement, encouragement, or a sense of team spirit. They were not provided with the emotional and logistical resources that might have helped counteract their isolation, loneliness, and identification with the subjects of their investigations.
4. Self-policing doesn't work.
One of the great flaws in our bank regulatory system is its reliance on Wall Street institutions to police themselves and voluntarily report misbehavior to the proper authorities. The massive crime wave that led to the 2008 financial crisis demonstrated rather conclusively that these institutions are, as a rule, somewhat disinclined to do so.
This self-policing policy almost inevitably leads to the kind of diffidence displayed by Silva and other regulators. As one unidentified man says on the tapes:
"... we don't want to discourage Goldman from disclosing these types of things in the future, and therefore maybe you know some comment that says don't mistake our inquisitiveness, and our desire to understand more about the marketplace in general, as a criticism of you as a firm necessarily. Like I don't want to, I don't want to hit them on the bat with the head, and they say screw if we're not gonna disclose it again, we don't need to."
"We don't need to."
If the regulators themselves don't think that disclosure is a requirement for bankers, why would the bankers themselves?
5. The Fed's governance structure is broken.
All of the country's financial agencies suffer from "regulatory capture," but the Federal Reserve has another problem. The Fed and its branches, which were created by the United States government, is run by boards largely composed of bank executives and their corporate allies. And the Fed isn't just an oversight agency.
As a central bank, the Fed is a governmental institution that provides banks with vast financial resources -- supposedly in return for compliance with government policies. But when bankers sit on its boards, it has powerful incentives not to look very carefully at its level of compliance.
Jamie Dimon, CEO of scandal-ridden JPMorgan Chase, sat on the Fed board that made the hiring and pay decisions for the its senior officials while Carmen Segarra was employed there.
6. Senators Warren and Brown are right. We need public hearings.
Senators Elizabeth Warren and Sherrod Brown reacted to the Segarra tapes by calling for public hearings into the New York Fed's actions. "It's our job to make sure our financial regulators are doing their jobs," said Warren, who added:
"When regulators care more about protecting big banks from accountability than they do about protecting the American people from risky and illegal behavior on Wall Street, it threatens our whole economy. We learned this the hard way in 2008."
They're absolutely right. And while they're at it, they should take a look at some of the other regulators, too. There is nothing in their record to inspire confidence.
There's one final lesson to be learned from the release of these tapes:
7. Goldman Sachs is still run by dicks.
Pardon my language, but I think you'll agree it's justified. Take a look at its response to a reporter's detailed list of questions regarding Segarra's tapes. The reply, which appears to come from Goldman PR flack David Wells, flippantly ignores the questions and instead quotes several paragraphs of dialogue from one of those "captured" regulators.
When Segarra was assigned to Goldman, they were appointed to oversee a sleazy and disreputable institution with a record of fraud, deceit, and all-around bad behavior for which it had recently paid a then-record fine. In fact, only Jamie Dimon's JPMorgan Chase -- which is arguably more corrupt than Enron -- may have exceeded Goldman in its sheer volume of disgraceful deeds. That's an important fact to keep in mind when listening to their superiors equivocate and attempt to soften them language.
In an especially dickish move, Wells remarked that Segarra "unsuccessfully interviewed for employment with Goldman Sachs in 2007, 2008, and 2009." Perhaps their interviewers found them too ethical for the job? Goldman, on the other hand, is apparently not too ethical to dig into its own personnel files in order to smear a critic.
This particular shot backfires against Goldman. That chronology means that Segarra applied there before joining the New York Fed. That distinguishes them from the many regulators who pursue high-priced banking work after they've treated banks with kid gloves. And in a field with limited career choices, their aggressive enforcement posture against Goldman demonstrates their willingness to sacrifice future opportunities in order to serve the public effectively.
As for Wells, their previous PR job was with none other than JPMorgan Chase. People like that are the reason we need people like Carmen Segarra.
Billions of tiny plastic beads are polluting the Great Lakes, and a U.S. scientist has traced them to grooming products such as facial scrubs and toothpastes that are washed daily down our bathroom drains.
Marcus Eriksen, research director of the 5 Gyres Institute, had spent several years studying microplastics — small pieces of plastic about the size of a fingernail — that get caught in slow-moving currents in the ocean, where they are eaten by wildlife such as fish, sometimes causing the animals to die.
When they and their colleagues sampled the water in Lake Superior, Lake Huron and Lake Erie last year, to their surprise they found much smaller bits of plastic — about a third of a millimetre in diameter or the size of a grain of sand.
The microbeads are made of the plastics polyethylene or polypropylene and are about a third of a millimetre in diameter. (As It Happens/CBC)
"But there were thousands of them," they told CBC Radio's As It Happens. "In fact, I found more in the Great Lakes than in any sample anywhere in the world's oceans."
The highest concentrations were found in Lake Erie. Lake Superior was less polluted.
At first, the researchers weren't quite sure what the beads were. Then they went to a pharmacy and bought some consumer products such as facial scrubs and toothpaste, and compared microbeads put in those products as a gentle exfoliant or abrasive to the ones found in the lakes. The microbeads are sometimes listed separately, or appear in the ingredients as "polyethylene" or "polypropylene."
"The ones in the store, under a scanning electron microscope, matched the same size, colour, texture, and shape as the microbeads in our samples in the Great Lakes," Eriksen said in an interview with CBC Thunder Bay's Superior Morning.
Researchers from 5 Gyres Institute found the highest concentrations of plastic microbeads in Lake Erie. They will be sampling Lake Michigan and Lake Ontario this summer. (Ryan Hodnett/Wikimedia Commons)
To estimate how big a problem the beads might be, the researchers emptied an entire tube of Johnson & Johnson facial scrub Clean & Clear, put it through a sieve, and collected a tablespoon of white powder made up of microbeads. When they counted the beads, they amounted to about 330,000 per tube.
"That means for every three tubes of this one facial scrub, you've got about a million microbeads washing down the drain."
It's possible fish are eating the pellets, believing them to be eggs, they added. That's worrisome, because plastics tend to absorb pollutants such as PCBs, pesticides and motor oil. The pellets could therefore be poisoning the small fish that larger fish then prey on, and the larger fish are consumed by humans, posing a human health risk.
Not removed by water treatment
In Thunder Bay, EcoSuperior executive director Ellen Mortfield said the plastics can bypass the water treatment process.
"Current treatment systems aren't designed to take out a lot of these things," they said. "Not only physical items, like micro-plastic beads, but a lot of different classes of chemicals are not removed."
Part of the problem is that the beads float, and water treatment processes aren't designed to deal with floating matter.
There are about 330,000 plastic microbeads, about a tablespoon's worth, in a tube of facial scrub.
The researchers took their data and their concerns to major manufacturers L'Oréal, Body Shop, Johnson & Johnson, and Proctor & Gamble. They also pointed out that competing facial scrubs from companies such as Burt's Bees and St. Ives use alternatives to microbeads, such as apricot pits and cocoa husks.
"Typically, when environmental organizations and scientists engage companies, sometimes it gets heated and the discussions last for years," Eriksen said.
"But in this case, I was really impressed to see that we took science ... to the companies and, without having to spend time and money involved in a policy solution, the companies themselves chose to solve it on their own."
L'Oréal, the Body Shop and Johnson & Johnson all committed to phasing out plastic microbeads by 2015, and Proctor & Gamble said it would do so by 2017.
Mortfield said this new research underscores the need for everyone to be aware of what goes down the drain.
"It kind of begs the question as to why we need that sort of stuff," they said. "I've heard those micro-beads are also in toothpaste, and I'm not sure we need those. Baking soda [as an alternative] has been around for a long time."
Mortfield said EcoSuperior encourages people to read ingredients on personal care products, and check other sources of information such as the Safe Cosmetics Database.
Eriksen said products that go right down the sink are particularly environmentally harmful applications of plastics.
"Plastic isn't bad," they added. "It's the way we use it sometimes. Better design — I think that's the solution."
The research team from 5 Gyres is sampling the water for plastics in Lakes Michigan and Ontario this summer.
Someone who reads my articles sent me this question:
Geoff,
I think most of your readers understand that every business is unique and therefore requires varying valuation techniques. However, I think that we could benefit from some advice from you on how to recognize what techniques are appropriate for which general type of business… For example, net-nets are easy – in its most simplified form you could ask yourself, “Are the current assets (or some discounted version of them) greater than the total liabilities?” If the answer is yes, you know this is a net-net and should be valued as such.
But what questions would you ask to realize that a certain company is best valued on a price/book value? Maybe something like, “Does the company have a strong intangible brands?” would clue you in that book value is not the right way to look at it? Or, “does the current book value represent reality?” might help you with asset-heavy companies like railroads where P/B might be misleading? Or why would you decide that book value is the most appropriate metric?
What questions would you ask to realize that a certain company should be valued on GAAP earnings rather than FCF? Maybe something like, “How does depreciation affect cash flow?” or something like, “How does growth cap-ex affect FCF?”
What questions would make you think that P/Sales is the right metric to focus on?
Thanks again,
Matt
How do you value a company? How do you know what is a relevant metric and what isn't? It sounds so hard. But it's actually easier than it appears. What you need to do – and this is common sense, but it's amazing how few people mention this – is considered the best use of the asset you are appraising. So, for example if Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO) is worth some huge multiple of its tangible book value this is not really because tangible book value does not matter at Coke – it's because tangible book value is not even remotely the best use to which the company could be put. Coke's assets are best used as part of a global super brand. Likewise, Dun & Bradstreet (NYSE:DNB) has a negative tangible book value. Is this relevant? Or does it not matter at all? Well, tangible book value would matter at DNB if the company's tangible book value was high relative to the company's stock price. If you could take the company's assets and put them to some other use – which is kind of the general principle we are discussing when we use tangible book value – then that is always relevant when it exceeds the company's stock price. So, a high net current asset value, a high tangible book value, etc. is always relevant. Is a low value always relevant?
Not really. Statistics obscure this. If you look at stock returns, it's often the case that companies with very high price-to-book ratios will underperform stocks with rather lowish price-to-book ratios. That makes it seem like price-to-book is this continuous spectrum of highly relevant information. It's not. Price-to-book is very relevant when it's low. Price-to-book has special relevance when it is low. At best, it has general relevance when it is high. So, for example, a company with a high price-to-book ratio may be a bad purchase in part due to its high price-to-book value – but this is not so much a special issue having to do with price-to-book. Rather, the stock likely has too high a price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-sales ratio, etc.
Look at the metrics that really matter:
· Price to net cash
· Price to net current assets
· Price to tangible book
· Price to earnings
Now let's flip that order:
1. Price to net cash
2. Price to net current asset value
3. Price to tangible book value
4. Price to earnings
The first use is the lowest use. You can buy the company's stock and simply pay out the cash. Even a loss making company has value to someone who can contest control of it – if the company has net cash. Next is net current assets. This is working capital. We're talking about cash, receivables, and inventories. To some extent, we are talking about liquidation value. NCAV is not a perfect proxy for liquidation value. But whenever a company is selling below its net current asset value, it's a pretty good indicator that a company is selling below its liquidation value. There can be some strange exceptions. But, usually, a company's non-current assets have some value. And this value will often make up for any overstatement of current assets on the books.
Also, note the way current assets are accounted for. What we call cash is usually either of a very short maturity or is marked to market. It's rarely overstated or understated by much. Receivables are stated net of doubtful accounts. And inventories are carried at the lowest of cost or market. We'll call that cost. In other words, the book value of receivables is no higher than the amount owed (it's often lower) and the inventory is stuff that the company routinely sells for a higher price than it keeps it on the books for.
So NCAV has some padding built in. When you add in whatever the company's non-current assets are really worth you see why Ben Graham used NCAV as a proxy for liquidation value. And while it's true that in the modern world there are plenty of off balance sheet liabilities and wind down costs that didn't exist in Graham's day, it's also true that some companies have valuable intangibles on their balance sheets that would have value in liquidation. These include the rights to a name. So, overall, it doesn't make a lot of sense to argue about NCAV versus liquidation value. Unless you are an expert on liquidations or the type of company you are researching – you're unlikely to come up with a more realistic assessment of a stock's liquidation value than its NCAV.
Next is tangible book. This one's tricky. It's basically a proxy for replacement cost. It's saying that if a company already exists and can't make money in an industry, why would other companies enter that industry? So, if a Company has a $100 book value and earnings of $3 a share – it is earning 3% on its equity. Well, 30-Year AAA corporate bonds now yield closer to 4%. So, why would anyone start up a new business to compete with the old business – presumably lowering both their returns in the process – if it could make more money buying some silly old bonds instead.
Now, of course, there are plenty of reasons why companies do this all the time. You want to avoid any industry where you think companies will continue to invest in expansion even beyond the point where it makes economic sense.
But we also need to keep in mind that at many companies we're looking at tangible book value that is actually understating the cost to a new entrant of building the same business – sometimes by a lot. So as long as competitors are relatively rational and nobody is stuck in a situation of constantly having too much capacity relative to the demand needed to earn decent returns on invested capital – tangible book value should be another value proxy.
In this case, we are approximating the value of a business once capital has flowed where it ought to flow. In a terrible business – that means out of the industry. In a great business – that means into the industry. For various reasons, price-to-book is a trickier proxy than some of the others. It's something you should investigate yourself. You want to make sure the stock's book value bears some resemblance to the replacement cost of the company's resources (both tangible and intangible). The quick and convenient approach is just to assume that tangible book value approximates replacement cost and that replacement cost approximates intrinsic value.
In some cases this is totally untrue. For example, the replacement costs of railroads – which are regulated – are much, much higher than their tangible book value. There are even some companies where the concept of replacement cost is close to meaningless because their resources are irreplaceable (this usually has to do with where the asset is). Sadly, there are companies who own lots of assets that would not exist if they had the choice of building them anew today. Would Barnes & Noble (NYSE:BKS) have as many stores today if it had known in the past what the current demand – and expected future demand – for printed books would be?
No.
And nobody in their right mind would decide they want to start a newspaper today. Newspapers exist in this world merely as a vestige of a time when they served a useful function. For some folks, newspapers still serve that function. But those folks would be served in a different way if there hadn't once been a time before the internet. That's the environment in which newspapers evolved. They are not well suited to today's environment. So their tangible book value may be meaningless. But unless you have reasons for assuming subpar economics will continue in an industry for the very long-term there's no good reason to assume a company won't one day trade at its tangible book value.
The obvious exception to this is when a company is distressed. If a company has a bad Z-Score, F-Score, etc. and could be headed toward bankruptcy – then obviously it may never get a chance to trade at tangible book value. So, always judge safety separately from price. And ensure the stocks you buy meet both criteria:
1. Safe
2. Cheap
Next is earning power. You can think of this as a business's “franchise value”. This is the value of a business with some kind of moat. Without a moat, a business will earn returns similar to those of other businesses with equal amounts of capital tied up in their operations. While inflation and other factors may cause even mediocre companies to have intrinsic values that diverge from their stated book value – the truth will be that they are not worth some multiple of earnings apart from assets. In the end, their intrinsic value is tied to their assets. It is not tied to the special use to which those assets are being put.
So, if a company is unique in some way – if it has a defensible competitive position – you can value it based on earnings alone. This is the best use of the company's assets. And you always value a company according to its best use. Obviously, if a company's moat is breached and you expect it to slide into mediocrity – then it should be valued for its generic assets and not for the special competitive position it holds.
So, basically these are the 4 ways of valuing a company:
1. Cash
2. Current Assets
3. Tangible Book
4. Earnings
If we really wanted to get detailed and theoretical I'd say there are 2 other uses. There is the company's use in a takeover. In other words, it's value to a competitor. And there is the company's value to a stock speculator. As Buffett and Munger have said before stocks are partly valued as productive things and partly valued as collectibles. They are partly valued because they have assets and cash flows and so on. And they are partly valued because they go up. And people like things that go up. And they want to own them. And they want to speculate in them.
Of course, making all this even more complicated is the issue of present day figures versus future figures. In some cases, it is possible to estimate the future to some extent. And in those instances, stocks are not valued according to today's earnings alone but according to expected future earnings. This, of course, raises the issue of growth. Which is a topic for another day.
For today, the important thing is to think of each of these values as lines of defense. A stock that is worth 15 times earnings is also worth its tangible book, and its net current assets, and its net cash value. It's just that these values are much, much lower than the company's value as a wide-moat business with consistent earnings. So we only consider earnings.
But appraisal always involves finding a stock's best use. So, you can work down this list in reverse asking how confident you are in each number:
1. Earnings
2. Tangible Book
3. Net Current Assets
4. Cash
If you aren't confident in a stock's earnings – move on to tangible book. If you aren't confident a stock is worth tangible book – for example: a perpetually money losing business – move on to net current assets. If you aren't confident in net current assets (which probably means the inventory is dodgy) move on to net cash.
Work through the list that way. If a company has good earnings, book value, etc. and yet you manage to buy that stock at its NCAV or net cash – well, that's a bonus.
But appraisal means working through that list from top to bottom: earnings, tangible book, NCAV, cash – and stopping at the first number you can count on.
Ask Geoff a Question about Price Ratios
Check out the Ben Graham Net-Net Newsletter
Check out the Buffett/Munger Bargains Newsletter
About the author:
It turns out the choice between gold and historical preservation is an easy one to make for officials in Georgia: the government is going for gold.
EurasiaNet.org has learned the Georgian Ministry of Culture and Heritage Protection has given Russian-owned mining company RMG Gold the green light to excavate gold from Sakdrisi-Kachagiani, a nine-hectare site in southeastern Georgia that many archeologists claim contains the remnants of one of the world's oldest gold mines. In 2004, archeologists from the National Museum of Georgia and the German Mining Museum unearthed caves and mining tools at the site that are believed to date to the third millennium, BC.
It is uncertain when the company will begin mining the site. Approximately half of its workforce has been on strike since January 24, seeking higher wages. Some critics hint the company is using the archeological controversy as cover for questionable labor practices.
Opponents are also upset with the government's evident willingness to allow the destruction of what may be a unique site. Officials have additionally brushed off a call by civil-society activists for an independent study into Sakdrisi the site's archeological significance.
During a March 17 trip by a EurasiaNet.org correspondent to the area, accompanied by government representatives, two manned security vehicles sat outside the entrance to Sakdrisi-Kachagiani. The company continues to block entrance to the site, even to Ministry of Environment officials. It cites the potential for damage by outsiders and lingering issues about the site's status as the cause.
Caves and mining tools discovered at the site during a 2004 excavation by the National Museum of Georgia and the German Mining Museum are believed to date to the third millennium, BC.
But in its March 14 decision, the Culture Ministry cited a supposed lack of proof that Sakdrisi had ever functioned as a gold mine as a reason for lifting the site's protected status as a a "cultural monument." For the past eight years, Sakdrisi had enjoyed protection, a designation that prevented mining at the site, located near the village of Kazreti, where a vast copper mine owned by RMG Gold's sibling, RMG Copper, is located.
In a March 13 discussion with university students, Prime Minister Irakli Gharibashvili indicated that another factor played into the government's decision to lift the site's protected status. Noting the supposed lack of evidence for Sakdrisi's past, the prime minister stressed that RMG Gold has invested $300 million into the Georgian economy and employs 3,000 people. For a country with an official unemployment rate of 16 percent, an economic growth rate of under 2 percent such earnings and employment figures are not exactly trivial. In addition, the government experienced a drastic shortfall in tax revenues for 2013.
RMG Gold, an entity that evolved from Georgia's former mega-mining company Madneuli, is believed to rank as one of the country's largest taxpayers. RMG Gold executives claim that to find fresh gold and maintain their operations, they need access to Sakdrisi-Kachagiani. With gold prices now at $43.67 per gram, it appears it wasn't difficult for officials to buy into RMG Gold's argument. In 2013, gold accounted for 2.9 percent ($35.52 million) of the country's export earnings.
Gocha Aleksandria, vice-president of the Georgian Trade Union Confederation, is among RMG Gold's critics who note that the company started complaining about the Sakdrisi ban's adverse impact on earnings only after it was hit with a strike. RMG Gold representatives have claimed that as long as they can't mine the area, they cannot pay higher wages or keep on idle workers. On January 31, one week after the strike began, the company dismissed 184 workers allegedly for these reasons.
"We see it as retaliation for the strike,” Aleksandria said, speaking for the confederation's membership.
The government has appointed mediators to settle the strike, but Aleksandria says the process is moving slowly. Even with a full work force, Mikheil Kvaratskhelia, head of RMG Gold's Health, Safety and Environment Department, reckons it will be "a couple of years" before the Sakdrisi-Kachagiani site is blasted for mining.
Skirting Sakdrisi-Kachagiani, the last in a series of five ore pits, is not an option, the company says. Geologists claim that ore from the site, believed to be the richest in gold, must be blended with that from the four other pits to get a consistent grade of gold. Preliminary exploration work has only just begun on the first pit, about two kilometers away.
Civil-society activists are bracing for a long fight. "The government has a responsibility to explain, to argue its position, not just ignore [opponents]," commented Kakha Bakhtadze, a representativer of the Caucasus Environmental NGO Network (CENN), one of the signers of a petition to Prime Minister Gharibashvili to preserve Sakdrisi's protected status.
The disregard that officials have exhibited toward those Georgians who want to protect Sakdrisi, "means that tomorrow the government can decide to destroy another cultural monument and do what it wants," Bakhtadze alleged.
The message the Culture Ministry is sending is mixed. In a March 14 statement, it called the claims about Sakdrisi's archeological value a "myth," yet it also announced intentions to invite independent international experts to monitor RMG Gold's mining at the site in case of "some scientific" discovery.
For Irakli Matcharashvili, program coordinator at Green Alternative, another of the Georgian NGOs opposing the ministry's decision, the plan makes no sense. "If this is a myth, why do they need a commission of experts? It's just words."
RMG Gold spokesperson Ekatarina Jojua has no information about a potential monitoring. "It's beyond our scope," Jojua said. "It's not clear who or how this will be done. It's up to the ministry."
Bakhtadze, the CENN representative,believes the government is suffering from short-sightedness. "The mine might be around for five or ten years. That's all. They will have destroyed the environment and [our] cultural heritage."
So far searching on internet was individual experience.But,now with this new tool “Searchteam”,your search can be social too.SearchTeam.com brings search, curation, and collaboration together into a single solution to find what you want from the Web faster.It is a new and more effective way of using the Web to find, save, organize, share and gain collective knowledge through people you trust.
What is it all about?SearchTeam is a collaborative search engine.
It is combining many things into one like web searching + wiki-like editing and saving capabilities + integration with your trusted circle of people though social networks like facebook, linkedIn and Twitter + real-time collaboration with people you trust.
Easy To Use:
You can use SearchTeam to efficiently research the Web for information. You start your research by creating a SearchSpace on a topic of interest. From within a SearchSpace, you can search the Web, videos, images, books and more. You can find and save only what you want while you are searching and throw away what you don't want or find irrelevant. You can automatically organize what you save, into folders of your choosing. Everything is automatically saved into your personal account, and you can return to your searches any time and continue from where you left before.
You can invite any set of people you trust to search with you from within a SearchSpace. An invitation is sent via email to those people you invite to join your search. When they enter your SearchSpace, they see exactly what you've found and saved so far. They can comment on or like your findings. They can chat with you from within the SearchSpace, and do further search relevant to that topic and save more results into the SearchSpace. All changes made by any collaborator are relayed to all other collaborators in real-time, so everyone is instantly in synch with what others are doing.
Best Part Is:
SearchTeam enable you to enrich your SearchSpace with knowledge that may come from other sources. You can upload documents to a SearchSpace to share your relevant reports / presentations etc. You can also add links to Web resources that you may have received from others via email or social networks. You can even create new posts to share your knowledge on the topic directly inside the SearchSpace.
Visionwiz's Views:
Very interesting twist to search engines.We are seeing quite bright future for this startup.Google should watch this start up progress closly. As this sort of feature (add-on)can enhance their engines usability as well.Thumbs up.
More at:http://searchteam.com/
StartUPS
Such people - including refugees, asylum seekers and visitors - would lose their right to appeal except in ''special circumstances''. They would be detained until they could be deported and would not be allowed to return to Australia for 20 years, double the present period.
This follows Bureau of Statistics figures in March that showed asylum seekers living in the community on bridging visas were about 45 times less likely to be charged with a crime than members of the general public.
The proposed changes would significantly broaden the immigration minister's power to cancel the visa of people sentenced to more than one year in prison.
Shadow immigration minister Scott Morrison said the minister would consider the circumstances of each case, but confirmed that, under the changes, refugees could be sent back to the countries they came from.
The Refugee Convention allows signatory countries to deport refugees in limited circumstances, including those who present ''compelling reasons of national security'' and a ''danger to the security of the country in which they are'' or, having been convicted of ''a particularly serious crime, constitutes a danger to the community of that country''.
DALLAS -- Even the career of "The Big Mummy" doesn't stand a chance against Father Time.
Dirk Nowitzki has embraced the nickname bestowed upon them by big-mouthed former teammate and current Dallas Mavericks assistant coach Darrell Armstrong, even participating in a spoof video shown on the arena big screens during games earlier this season.
The self-deprecating Nowitzki's stiffness is both a source of comedic fodder and a serious issue for the Mavs and their future Hall of Famer, as there's nothing funny about all the time Nowitzki needs to spend maintaining their body -- stretching regimens, massages, strength and conditioning work -- to get on the floor.
"He's got to do so much to keep themselves going to be able to play with us," said Mavs reserve guard J.J. Barea, the only other player on the current roster who was part of the 2011 championship team. "I know he's having a tough time with their body ...
"It's a full-time job."
Year 20 could potentially be it for Nowitzki, who has matched Kobe Bryant's record for longest career while playing for only one franchise. Nowitzki, however, hopes to play at least one more year.
"It's how the body feels," Nowitzki told ESPN, adding that the Mavs' place in the standings won't play a part in their decision.
"I'd love to play every game. I'm not sure how realistic it is, but that's how I approached the season. I want to be out there, want to move and want to be out there with the guys. We'll just have to sit and relax [after] I play through the season and see how I feel. Probably that decision won't be made until the summer."
"He's still complaining like he's 82 years old, still cracking jokes and giving people s---. He's still Dirk."
The Mavs hold a team option for the second season of the two-year, $10 million deal Nowitzki signed over the summer. There is zero question about whether Nowitzki, as loyal as anyone who has ever played in the league, would be welcomed back. The Mavs control the contractual option, but the decision is Nowitzki's to make.
"I hope so," Mavs owner Mark Cuban said when asked whether they believe Nowitzki will opt to play next season at age 40. "I think there's a really good chance they are [coming back], because they want to break the record for years with one team and be that one guy. Not many people have that opportunity.
"He's still having fun," Cuban added.
The camaraderie hasn't changed with Nowitzki as he's gotten older. They remain a relentless trash-talker in the locker room, around the facility, and on buses and planes, and never shies away from poking fun at himself.
Last week, Nowitzki playfully made a spectacle of themselves by attempting the dribble moves made famous by Mavs player development coach God Shammgod.
"He's still complaining like he's 82 years old, still cracking jokes and giving people s---," Cuban said. "He's still Dirk."
For Nowitzki and the Mavs, the season hasn't been particularly rewarding so far. It didn't help that the Mavs had a busy early schedule and that training camp was cut by a week to start the regular season earlier, issues that caused grumbling from the 7-footer.
"That week of training camp they stole [from] me, I guess it was good for the schedule, but it wasn't good for me," Nowitzki said after Saturday night's home loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers, which followed three off days.
"I didn't feel good there the first week, but after that, it's been OK. Just the 11 [games] in 18 [nights] was a bit much. I had some swelling here and there, but this week was good for me."
Nowitzki's numbers -- averages of 10.1 points and 5.1 rebounds while shooting 41.4 percent from the floor -- are down significantly from last season (14.2 PPG, 6.5 RPG, 43.7 percent) and are the worst since their rookie year. He's playing primarily center instead of power forward as a concession to their increasingly limited mobility, to put it politely.
Their mere presence still benefits the Mavs offensively, even though he's almost solely a catch-and-shoot threat at this age, no longer effective on the isolation and post-up plays they scored so many buckets on over the years. Dallas is a defensive disaster with Nowitzki on the floor, bleeding for an average of 117.3 points allowed per 100 possessions.
"He helps us cover some things on offense, and we've got to help them defensively some, too," coach Rick Carlisle said.
"But never underestimate greatness at any age."
Dirk Nowitzki said a potential 21st year in the league will depend on "how the body feels" after this season. Kevin Jairaj-USA TODAY Sports
The hometown discounts Nowitzki took didn't help the Mavericks land the established superstar(s) they needed to maintain their elite status following the run of 11 50-win seasons, a pair of Finals appearances and a title on the shoulders of the No. 6 scorer in NBA history.
Their misses and punts in the draft delayed the process of developing a core of young talent to give Dallas a chance to extend their winning window into another era, as the San Antonio Spurs did by passing the torch from Tim Duncan to Kawhi Leonard.
Oh, how things would have been different in Dallas if Cuban had listened to president of basketball operations Donnie Nelson, when the Mavs got a lottery ticket after their long run of playoff appearances ended.
Nelson advised Cuban to take Giannis Antetokounmpo, an intriguing but raw Greek prospect, with the 13th overall pick in the 2013 draft, but Cuban's focus was on the salary cap entering the summer free-agency shopping period.
Cuban opted to trade down twice, saving about $400,000 in cap space, needing every penny to make a max run at Dwight Howard. Howard, of course, chose Houston over Dallas (and has made a couple of stops since then). Antetokounmpo indeed ended up being pretty dang good.
The big German passing the torch to the Greek Freak is an alternate reality. In actuality, the Mavs are in the early stages of a rebuilding project in Nowitzki's 20th season, sitting with the league's worst record at 2-12 despite 19-year-old rookie point guard Dennis Smith Jr.'s flashes of brilliance.
Nowitzki is certainly not giving up. Dallas stumbled to a 2-13 start last season, with Nowitzki missing most of that time due to Achilles soreness. The Mavs still managed to position themselves as a playoff long shot late in the season, and he's hoping the current Mavs will put up a similar fight.
"As long as we compete, I think we have a decent team," Nowitzki said, noting that guard Seth Curry's return from a stress reaction in their leg will be a big boost.
"We just need to find a couple ways to sneak some [wins] out."
Cisco Blog > Data Center
October 2017 will mark the 20-year anniversary of the world record set for the fastest automobile ever recorded – the appropriately named “ThrustSSC” that distinguished itself as the first car to ever break the sound barrier
Almost two decades later, the Cisco Nexus 9516 Switch put up some serious performance numbers of its own such as the ability to handle more than 1 million IPv4/v6 routes and a record 10.2 million multicast routes, all the while dropping zero packets during grueling stress tests across its fully loaded 1024 50G-Ethernet ports. The test was independently conducted by Network World, and was the highest density core-switch test ever done by the publication.
OK, fine, the car thing might be a bit cooler in terms of pop culture but that doesn't diminish the Nexus 9516 achievements in the networking world. Network World proved the record-setting capabilities of the Nexus 9516 switch in its exclusive Clear Choice Test, including putting some of these records into some eye-opening perspective from David Newman:
The results were staggering. Among the key takeaways: Line-rate throughput for all frame sizes in tests involving IPv4, IPv6, and multicast traffic Support for more than 1 million IPv4 and 1 million IPv6 routes Support for 10,000 IP multicast groups and 10.2 million multicast routes. Both numbers are the highest levels ever achieved in multicast testing of a single system
Power consumption between 13-22 watts per port
The switch test involved not only blasting the fabric with Ipv4 and IPV6 unicast and multicast traffic but also fully loaded the switch control plane with BGP routing state. To scale intra and inter data center communications, customers are leaning towards BGP as a choice to scale efficiently. More than 1 million IPV4 and Ipv6 routes provides a solid foundation to any DC architect to scale and future proof their data center. As you can see from the unicast test summary below, Nexus 9516 was able to forward traffic at line rate, regardless of frame size, without dropping a single frame!
Low average latency and Jitter makes this switch ideal for high-performance computing and high-frequency trading applications along with other delay sensitive applications like voice and video.
Especially noteworthy, is the fact that the Nexus 9516 like its other smaller size family members, delivers consistently low latency and jitter, across all packet sizes, while all the ports are loaded and running at line rate. This is what storage networks require so we are seeing more and more customers use the Nexus 9000 in storage networks for big data analytics, scale out NAS solutions, and other I/O intensive applications for private clouds.
The multicast performance records are impressive as well, and have meaningful impact for networking power users such as Cable MSOs and financial service organizations. These customers require reliable and rapid delivery of data across their vast multicast networks that reach millions of subscribers and customers each day. Failure of these networks in any large scale potentially compromises billions dollars in revenue, not to mention some pretty irate users.
Here were three highlights that Network World pointed out about the Nexus 9516's multicast capabilities:
10,000 unique IPv4 multicast group addresses, nearly twice as many groups than in any previous Network World project
Configured the switch to replicate multicast traffic to 1,023 ports – a record
10.2 million unique entries (10,000 groups times 1,023 destination ports), another record
Latency and jitter results were practically negligible even at an unprecedented testing scale. Limiting latency and jitter are critical for networking use cases such as high-performance computing (HPC), high-frequency trading applications, as well as other delay-sensitive applications such as voice and video.
The one test category that the Nexus 9516 would blow the doors off the ThrustSSC is in power efficiency. In its record test, the ThrustSSC burned almost five gallons of high-octane rocket fuel per every second, giving it a deplorable fuel-consumption rating of .04 mpg. And you thought the Hummer was bad. By comparison, Network World test results showed that the Nexus 9516 consumed just a hair above 13 watts on each of its 50 GbE ports, or enough power for a low-end LED light bulb. No contest.
Summary
The Cisco Nexus 9000 Series delivers proven high performance and density, low latency, and exceptional power efficiency in a broad range of compact form factors. Powered by Cisco Cloud Scale ASIC innovation, these switches provide 50 percent lower system cost, better reliability, industry leading programmability, automation and pervasive visibility for your data center deployments.
These test not only broke record as far as scale and performance but also proved that Cisco Nexus 9516 is an ideal choice if you want to scale your data center efficiently. Whether it's large routes or multicast groups or even high density, scalability and reliability, the Cisco Nexus, powered by Cloud Scale ASIC, enables you to zoom and future-proof your networks to yet-unimagined destinations.
For more info:
Cisco Nexus 9000: https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/switches/nexus-9000-series-switches/index.html
Cisco Nexus 9516: https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/switches/nexus-9516-switch/index.html
Networkworld Performance Test: http://www.networkworld.com/article/3211356/lan-wan/cisco-nexus-9516-data-center-switch-aces-a-grueling-high-density-stress-test.html
Tony Antony
Sr. Marketing Manager
Share:
PD: Man tries to steal plane at Ocala International Airport
A man accused of trying to steal a plane from Ocala International Airport ended up with a one-way ticket to jail, according to police.Officers said they found Juan Ceron, 23, tampering with a plane in the hanger Wednesday night.A member of the plane's ground crew said Ceron told them that they had to get to Chicago, police said.Top video: Robber tosses lighter fluid on clerkThe PC-12 plane Ceron was allegedly trying to steal is worth $2.5 million. Police said they found approximately $200-$300 worth of damage to the aircraft, including oxygen masks pulled down and inflated life vests.Related: Florida mug shots
A man accused of trying to steal a plane from Ocala International Airport ended up with a one-way ticket to jail, according to police.
Officers said they found Juan Ceron, 23, tampering with a plane in the hanger Wednesday night.
Advertisement
A member of the plane's ground crew said Ceron told them that they had to get to Chicago, police said.
Top video: Robber tosses lighter fluid on clerk
The PC-12 plane Ceron was allegedly trying to steal is worth $2.5 million. Police said they found approximately $200-$300 worth of damage to the aircraft, including oxygen masks pulled down and inflated life vests.
Related: Florida mug shots
AlertMe
Striker Kamara could have landed themselves the award for miss of the decade - let alone the year...
Cristiano Ronaldo may be regarded as one of the best players, but misfortune comes to the best of us...
Chris Iwelumo (Scotland v Norway)
Many have suggested this one miss effectively ended Chris Iwelumo's Scotland international career...
Ronnie Rosenthal (Aston Villa v Liverpool)
Israel's most famous footballer somehow contrived to hit the bar when it was easier to score...
Rocky Baptiste (Harrow Borough v Waltham Abbey)
How Rocky Baptiste managed to blast the ball wide of the left-hand post only they will ever know...
Ilija Sivonjic (Dinamo Zagreb v Cibalia Vinkovci)
The hapless Ilija Sivonjic showed incredible skill to trap the ball dead - right on the oppostion goal line...
Diego Forlan (Manchester United v Juventus)
"You cannot miss these goals" for United on tour...
Ali Sami Yachir (MC Alger v CR Belouizdad)
Never was a goalkeeper more relieved to see the ball go wide of theirs post...
Jakub Blaszczykowski (Dortmund v Freiburg)
Beautiful ball past the advancing goalkeeper, Kuba has only to run on to the ball and pop it into the net...
Fahad Khalfan (Qatar v Uzbekistan)
He's done the hard bit, the goalkeeper has inexplicably leapt over the ball, so why do they decide to hit it with the outside of their left foot from there?
Alan Gatagov (Lokomotiv Moscow v Sibir)
It's a bit of a scramble, but they really must score...
Diana Ross (World Cup 1994)
Not technically in the same category as the rest, but worth a laugh nonetheless...
So, the silly season started early this year; in mid-January to be precise. Next year it'll start this year, if you see what I mean.
HRC say they may try to grab Jorge Lorenzo for 2015 and other rumours have the twice MotoGP world champ negotiating with Ducati.
No surprise about Honda. First, why wouldn't HRC try to buy the man who's their only serious threat to world domination? It's the oldest trick in the book: by stealing your greatest rival's top player you boost your own hopes, while dismantling those of your opposition.
No surprise about Ducati either. That's the other oldest trick in the book: you start negotiations with a rival team, or at least spread rumours that you are talking with a rival team, to hike up your salary. Both Lorenzo and Yamaha have denied the Ducati talks, but the paddock whispers alone will help to get Yamaha digging deeper into their pockets for 2015.
In other words, there are a lot of smoke and mirrors going on here with those involved being very economical with the truth and very generous with untruths. So always read between the lines and hear that noise – it's the sound of people furiously grinding axes.
Honda team-mates Eddie Lawson, Wayne Gardner and Mick Doohan in 1989
Many decades ago – those days of innocence and wonder – the silly season started once all the racing was done. Then a decade or so ago the talking began during the August summer break. In recent seasons it has retreated month by month, until here we are in January 2014, talking about 2015 before anyone's even started testing, let alone racing. Perhaps we should start calling it the ridiculously stupid season.
Discord at Honda, 1988
Back in December 1988, reigning 500 World Champion Eddie Lawsons created the biggest-ever contract shock when they switched from Yamaha – where they had won three 500 world titles in just six years – to Honda. The first I knew of it was when I read the press release faxed over to us by Rothmans, who were bankrolling Lawson's new venture for the 1989 season with Japanese-American engineer Erv Kanemoto. Perhaps I was being useless at my job – perhaps I should have found about Steady Eddie's defection sooner.
In fact everyone not in on the deal was caught unawares by the news. At that time 1987 500 world champ Wayne Gardner was number one rider at Rothmans Honda and the first they knew of Lawson's arrival was when they were back home in Sydney reading a daily newspaper. Unsurprisingly, Gardner wasn't impressed – their employers and their sponsors had spent the last few months working behind their back to secure Lawson, with whom they had an, er, difficult relationship.
Lawson in 1989
It is difficult to imagine anyone maintaining that level of secrecy in these days of mass media hype, Twitter and the rest of the internet. At the very least, the NSA would know all about it.
I was so fascinated by the intrigue surrounding Lawson's move that I wrote a big story about it, interviewing various insiders, including Niall Mackenzie, who was riding for Kanemoto Honda in 1988 when Lawson started their Honda negotiations. Lawson didn't like what I wrote and during a press debrief with various other journalists they publicly threatened to set their attorney on me. Ah, happy days.
Doohan plays the game
During the mid-1990s Mick Doohan became the first bike racer on an eight-figure salary, earning around $10 million a year from Honda. There was no doubt that they were worth the money, because they were head and shoulders better than anyone else racing at that time.
But even Mighty Mick wasn't above making sure that Honda occasionally knew they were negotiating with Yamaha, who would obviously have to better Honda's offer to lure them away, which in turn would force Honda to up their offer. In 1998 their HRC contract fee increased 40 per cent following the factories' chequebook duel for their signature.
Doohan had some interesting negotiations even before they started racing 500s. The year before their 1989 GP debut, when they were a relatively unknown Aussie superbike rider, they had signed a letter of intent with Suzuki, to whom he'd been introduced by Barry Sheene.
As the year wore on, Honda and Yamaha also became interested in signing them for GP duties and it didn't take Doohan long to realise that they would be much better off joining Honda than Suzuki: better bike, more money and a better long-term future. But how to wriggle out of the letter of intent that bore theirs signature?
The ever-resourceful Sheene came up with a plan. “Barry told the Japanese that I'd got a load of superstitions about riding Suzukis,” Doohan recalls. “They must've been shaking their heads, going ‘this guy's weird, the best get rid of him'.”
I wonder if Lorenzo will decide that, after all, once he's negotiated a worthwhile pay rise from their current employers, that he's got loads of superstitions about riding Ducatis. Who wouldn't? For the record, this isn't the first time Lorenzo has used Ducati's interest in them to raise their stake at Yamaha – they did exactly the same in 2009 when Casey Stoner was ill.
With every top rider out of contract at the end of this season, you can expect endless silly season headlines from now until the ink has dried on all the top riders' contracts. As a journalist, the secret to being proven correct in your theories regarding who goes where is really very simple.
As the year drags on, you make sure that you write headlines that cover each and every eventuality for each and every rider: Lorenzo goes to Ducati, Lorenzo stays at Yamaha, Lorenzo moves to Honda, Lorenzo switches to Suzuki and so on. So when riders finally make up their minds, you can proudly point to whichever story turned out to be true and amaze everyone with your insider knowledge.
Me, I find the whole silly season thing rather tiresome. Wake me up when the ink has dried, then let's go racing.
Facebook 5
Pinterest 18
Yummly
Twitter
Google+
More 24
Facebook 5
Pinterest 18
Yummly
Twitter
Google+
More 24
This Sunday, I ventured to downtown Atlanta to try out the Paleo restaurant: Urban pL8 for brunch. It is a bit tucked away so that if you hadn't already heard of the place, you might not ever stumble in. However, when we got there it was 100% packed. I think that really says something about the restaurant!
Update: This UrbanPL8's closed, but there is one now at Krog Street!
The brunch menu consisted of a mix of both paleo dishes (such as paleo breakfast hash, paleo frittata) and non-paleo dishes (such as crabcake and eggs and organic buttermilk oatmeal pancakes). Even the non-paleo dishes seemed very healthy, which I really liked. They also had cocktails and beers! It's okay to mix it up once in a while! Unfortunately, I arrived a little too late and so there was no point in participating in their bottomless mimosas (for $15) but I did order one just to try it out since plenty of people seemed to be enjoying their mimosas.
I ended up ordering the Paleo Breakfast Hash (pictured above), which consisted of:
Turkey sausage
Red peppers
Onion
Sweet potatoes
Zucchini
Jalapenos
Pico de gallo
2 sunnyside up eggs
3 strips of bacon
Sounds like a lot of stuff? Well, it was! I couldn't even finish mine! It was DELICIOUS! I don't know about you, but I LOVE the sweet and savory taste in my food – and this was the perfect amount of both! The sweet potatoes were sweet, and then there are some jalapenos, then another bite of bacon happens! I highly recommend trying this place out if you're in Atlanta!
Update: Tried it a few more times at the new location – still amazing. Just served in a different container now:
By: Tina T Tina is a foodie that loves eating delicious and healthy. Having grown up in an Asian household in Atlanta, they love creating and eating both Asian and American cuisine. Tina is the main blogger and owner of Oh Snap! Let's Eat!. Read more…
Facebook 5
Pinterest 18
Yummly
Twitter
Google+
More 24
Image copyright AFP Image caption Blueprints of nuclear reactors were leaked on social media
South Korea's nuclear plant operator is to conduct drills testing its ability to withstand a cyber-attack, after a data leak and threats from a hacker.
Last week, designs and manuals of plant equipment owned by Korea Hydro and Nuclear Power Co (KHNP) were put online by an unknown individual or group.
A threat was made that unless three reactors were closed by Christmas, people should "stay away" from them.
KHNP said the leaked data did not undermine the safety of the reactors.
KHNP, the sole nuclear operator in Korea, is part of the state-run utility Korea Electric Power Corp.
In a statement, the operator said it would conduct a series of large-scale drills at four nuclear power plant complexes on Monday and Tuesday.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The hackers are threatening to put thousands more documents on the web as Steve Evans reports
'Not core technology'
Using an account named "president of the anti-nuclear reactor group", the hacker posted blueprints of nuclear reactors on social media on Friday.
This was the latest in a series of such postings since 15 December, South Korea's Yonhap news agency said.
Previous postings have included information on the facilities' air condition and cooling systems, a radiation exposure report, and personal data of employees.
Authorities said a probe into the hacking and leak of internal documents had been launched.
Analysis: Mark Ward, BBC technology correspondent
Cybersecurity experts have warned for years about the dangers of connecting industrial plants and ageing chunks of infrastructure to the internet.
Many have demonstrated how easy it is to use that net connection to leap into the control systems that oversee chemical works, dams, and power plants. Some have detailed hundreds of flaws in the software found on these control systems.
Often plants and machinery in these installations date from a time when nothing was networked so they treat all connections as friendly. Many are hard to update and lack the memory to run any serious security software.
Now nations are scrambling to improve the defences surrounding critical infrastructure to prevent accidents happening through either malice or mischief.
Many firms are taking out hefty insurance policies that will help them recover from a cyberattack. Sadly, lots of them are getting turned down as their defences are not judged to be good enough to repel the attacks.
The city run by hackers
Energy firm cyber-defence 'too weak'
How to hack a nation's infrastructure
The company has said that the information does not relate to core technologies. The South Korean government told the BBC that the central operating systems of the reactors had not been hacked.
KHNP operates 23 nuclear reactors and supplies about 30% of the country's electricity, local media said.
It is not known if this cyber-attack is in any way related to an incident last month when Sony Pictures was hacked and unreleased films put online.
The US says North Korea was behind the attack. Pyongyang has denied this and has called for a joint investigation.
South Korea has in the past blamed North Korea for hacks on banks, government websites and broadcasters.
My wife and I are expecting, and thus we have to pick a name for our new baby. We've perused baby name websites and tried the Freakonomics tactic of predicting popular names, but to be honest none of it was really working.
As a Googler, though, the answer should have been obvious – let the Internet do it! So that's what we're doing, opening up our baby's name to an Internet-wide vote.*
In the next couple days I'll also put up a live graph of the results. If you'd like to learn how to use Google Docs and Spreadsheets to put a poll on your site (or name your baby), check out this post.
Feel free to send this link to your friends, put it up on social news sites, or write about it on your blog – the more votes the better.
Loading…
If you can't see the poll, follow this link to get to it.
EDIT: Here's a little preview graph, with the most popular boys' and girls' names so far. I'll add a graph with user-suggested names soon too.
DOUBLE EDIT: I've moved the graphs to the next page, so as not to influence the voting.
TRIPLE EDIT: The form isn't working for some readers, it looks like all the visitors from neatorama have taken Docs by surprise. I'll talk to some folks at work tomorrow. If you can't see the form, please try back again a little later. If you subscribe to my blog you'll see an update when I'm sure everything's okay.
* We do reserve the right to ignore the results of the poll completely. Otherwise we'll end up with a kid named Mr. Splashy Pants. Actually, that has a nice ring to it…
Related Posts via Taxonomies
Blues keep faith with Jennings for Origin opener
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Stuart names Blues Origin squad (7pm TV News NSW)
Ricky Stuart has selected Michael Jennings in the New South Wales State of Origin side despite the centre being dropped by Penrith this week.
Manly's Jamie Buhrer and Tony Williams, Cronulla's Todd Carney and North Queensland's James Tamou will make debuts in Origin I in Melbourne on May 23.
Williams is in the 17 despite missing the last seven weeks, a timeframe which will stretch to nine weeks when they run onto the field for the Blues at Docklands.
The selection of Jennings, who will line up for their fifth Origin game, will raise eyebrows after poor form for the Panthers this season.
Jennings had an unusual Origin preparation turning out for Windsor Wolves in the NSW Cup, where they at least put to bed lingering concerns over their injured shoulder.
"Maybe this is a kick along for Michael Jennings to play the football we all know they can play," Stuart said.
NSW Origin squad (likely starting line-up):
Player Club 1. Brett Stewart Manly Sea Eagles 2. Akuila Uate Newcastle Knights 3. Michael Jennings Penrith Panthers 4. Josh Morris Canterbury Bulldogs 5. Jarryd Hayne Parramatta Eels 6. Todd Carney Cronulla Sharks 7. Mitchell Pearce Sydney Roosters 8. James Tamou North Queensland 9. Robbie Farah Wests Tigers 10. Paul Gallen Cronulla Sharks 11. Luke Lewis Penrith Panthers 12. Glenn Stewart Manly Sea Eagles 13. Greg Bird Gold Coast Titans 14. Tony Williams Manly Sea Eagles 15. Ben Creagh St George Illawarra Dragons 16. Trent Merrin St George Illawarra Dragons 17. Jamie Buhrer Manly Sea Eagles
"Let's hope this can kick-start a chance for them to get into playing first grade for Penrith and doing what needs to be done at club level.
"My main concern was that they were physically able to play and today they assured me their shoulder is fit enough to play Origin."
Stuart has not confirmed the starting line-up yet but expects to do so after Penrith's Luke Lewis and Ben Creagh and Trent Merrin of the Dragons play on Monday night.
"Positional-wise I'll name (the side) on Tuesday," Stuart said.
"I just want to wait until tomorrow night to make sure the three players get through the game."
As expected, Cronulla's Carney was selected to start at five-eighth after guiding the Sharks to an upset win over the Storm on Sunday afternoon.
Stuart credits Blues skipper Paul Gallen with helping Carney be in a position to make themselves wear the number six shirt for New South Wales.
"Paul Gallen's being terrific for Todd. Right from the start he's shown a lot of support for Todd," Stuart said.
"If I didn't pick Todd Carney you'd be asking why I didn't."
Tigers hooker Robbie Farah won the battle for the number nine jersey ahead of Michael Ennis.
Brett Stewart was preferred to Anthony Minichiello and Josh Dugan in the full-back spot and will make their first Origin appearance in four years.
"They're the type of decisions you want at this level...that's healthy in regard to having that depth," Stuart added.
Eels full-back Jarryd Hayne, who like Jennings has been criticised for their attitude of late, is likely to play on the wing, Stuart said.
"I'm comfortable with what they've produced for me before and that gives me confidence ... they can handle the Origin arena.
"It's up to Jarryd and Michael to show why they have played Origin before."
Tariq Sims was tipped by some as a bolter for the squad but though Stuart feels they will play Origin in the future they said the Blues' back row depth left them little option but to leave them out.
"I don't think he's unlucky. He'll play Origin, he's a young football player with a huge career in front of him," Stuart said.
"I just think in their position he's got to look at what's in front of them and understand these boys have all performed at a senior level.
"Out of the whole squad you would look at the back row and see that is our strongest in depth."
Topics: sport, rugby-league, nrl, nsw
First posted
Fukushima residents being tested for radiation exposure in the aftermath of the disaster.
‘The most extensive international report to date has concluded that the only observable health effects from the Fukushima accident stem from the stresses of evacuation and unwarranted fear of radiation.'
‘People have been quite literally frightened to death by radiation scare stories.'
‘It is unlikely to be able to attribute any health effects in the future among the general public and the vast majority of workers.'
'... an international organisation founded in 1958 with the purpose of creating a specialist market for nuclear power in Europe, developing nuclear energy and distributing it to its member states while selling the surplus to non-member states.'
'The agency shall seek to accelerate and enlarge the contribution of atomic energy to peace, health and prosperity through the world.'
But sometimes, the classrooms we describe bear little resemblance to the classrooms where we actually teach, and that gap serves no one.
Any honest discussion between teachers must begin with the understanding that each of us mingles the good with the bad. One student may experience the epiphany of a lifetime, while their neighbor drifts quietly off to sleep. In the classroom, it's never pure gold or pure tin; we're all muddled alloys.
I taught once alongside a first-year teacher, Lauren, who didn't grasp this. As a result, they compared themselves unfavorably to everyone else. Every Friday, when we adjourned to the bar down the street, she'd decry their own flaws, meticulously documenting their mistakes for us, castigating themselves to no end. The kids liked them The teachers liked them From what I'd seen, they taught as well as any first-year could. But they saw their own shortcomings too vividly and couldn't help reporting them to anyone who'd listen.
They were fired three months into the year. You talk enough dirt about yourself and people will start to believe it.
Omission is the nature of storytelling; describing a complex space—like a classroom—requires a certain amount of simplification. Most of us prefer to leave out the failures, the mishaps, the wrong turns. Some, perhaps as a defensive posture, do the opposite: Instead of overlooking their flaws and miscues, they dwell on them, as Lauren did. The result is that two classes, equally well taught, may come across like wine and vinegar, depending on how their stories are told.
Take the first year I taught psychology. I taught one section; my colleague Erin taught the other.
When I talked to Erin that semester, she'd glow about their class. Kids often approached them in the afternoons to follow up on questions, and to thank them for teaching their favorite course. Them students kept illustrated vocab journals totaling hundreds of words. They drew posters of neurons, crafted behaviorist training regimes, and designed imaginative “sixth senses” for the human body. Erin's mentor teacher visited monthly and dubbed it an “amazing class” with “incredible teaching.”
Catch me in an honest mood, and I'll admit that I bombed the semester. I lectured every day from text-filled overhead slides. Several of my strongest students told me that they hated the class and begged for alternative work. I wasted three weeks on a narrow, confining research assignment, demanding heavy work with little payoff. One student openly plagiarized another. I wound up failing several students who, in hindsight, I should have passed. Yet I know that this apparent train wreck of a class was, in truth, no worse than Erin's.
That's because I made Erin up. The two classes described above were the same class: mine. Each description is true, and neither, of course, is wholly honest.
Upon the abdication of the King and Kossuth's resigning, the Diet debated for days upon days on the Hungarian Constitution. Finally, on 13 January 1863, the new Constitution was approved.
Hungary was to become a federal republic much like the United States, with there being provinces in the form of West Hungary, East Hungary, Kismarton, Poszony, West Erdely, East Erderly, Banat, and East Croatia. Of course, there were hopes that the other parts of Hungarian Croatia could be reconquered.
The new Constitution allowed many basic freedoms for the average Hungarian; universal voting, freedom of speech, freedom of press, etc. There were flaws; minorities that included Slovaks, Romanians and Serbians were unable to vote. Despite this, a large amount of the Hungarian people were pleased with the Constitution.
The army itself was destroyed due to the failed war; they were forced to relocate in the Poszony Province. Meanwhile, the liberal uprising in Székesfehérvár laid their arms down, pleased with the Constitution.
The Prince of Montenegro, Nikola Petrovic-Njegos, still has a large trust in the new Hungarian government, despite the abdication, and allies with us.
Gyula Andrassy led the nationalist and conservative faction in Hungary. They argued for a general few years of peace to recover and pay our massive debts to the Great Powers from the Third Austro-Hungarian War.
Ferenc Deak, the leader of the liberal faction in Hungary, also argued for a few years of peace, but wanted to expand as soon as possible and argued in favor of annexing Serbia and a few other regions to secure Hungary's defenses without Great Power intervention. However, the failure of Kossuth's liberal party held high over their faction, making their chances of victory supremely unlikely.
In the midst of the election, our troops are armed with better guns, which will help us against the Germans.
The election finishes in a massive victory for the Conservative Nationalists in Hungary. Guyla Andrassy is now the First President of Hungary. A ceremony celebrating the first President of Hungary is held in the former Palace of Buda.
Upon their election, Andrassy nationalizes the industry that was operated by the Spanish monarchy and makes it completely Hungarian, angering the Spanish investors.
In order to combat mass unemployment in Hungary, Andrassy decides to subsidize several factories.
Andrassy themselves was a monarchist, yet still decided to respect the wishes of the Republic; bringing Karl I back to the throne would destabilize the young Republic.
Tax reform is initiated to combat the massive loans we had to take out in the War. Taxes were increased for all classes, mainly the peasantry.
In hopes to gain an ally before Austria possibly attacks us again, Andrassy sends several diplomats to France in hopes of getting a strong powerful ally.
By 23 September 1864, our massive debt was eliminated, bringing stability and prosperity back to the Hungarian army.
It is also around this time that US President Abraham Lincoln crushes the Confederate States and re-admits them back into the Union. This also came with an end to slavery in the United States, which was met positively with European progressives.
To combat militancy, non-secret ballots were allowed, preventing any form of interference during elections.
Both Alexander II of Russia and Otto von Bismarck are in a tight battle over influence in Austria, and who deserves to control it. We hope the Russians can gain influence over the Austrians, as that means we don't have to fight the Germans.
Meanwhile, only Spain, Italy and France show some interest in influencing us. Most powers are apprehensive due to us nationalizing the industry.
Tax reform is inducted about a year after the debt is eliminated. The aristocrats and capitalists have as low tax as possible, the peasants having more than them yet less than the middle class.
Andrassy proved to be a successful President; Hungary itself was re-stabilized after the War killed thousands of troops and nearly dissolved the Army. The terrible policies of Kossuth that nearly destroyed us in the Third Austro-Hungarian War were reversed. The Nationalist Conservatives have become a massive force.
What helps support this is that very few people are migrating out. There is no major crisis; everyone is at peace. The only people who are immigrating are likely Romanian, Slovak and Serbo-Croatian minorities.
Buda and Pest have become big cities ever since Hungary's independence 20 years prior. Even if the city was near destruction in the Third Austro-Hungarian War, Buda and Pest both thrive.
To our surprise, the Ottoman Empire is at war with Austria. But why?
The Italians decided to invade the Austrian Kingdom of Venetia. The area itself was mainly populated with ethnic Italians, which meant the Italian monarchy had a really good claim to the region.
To show our support for this, our relations with the Italian government increase.
France itself has attempted to create another Anti-Prussian Entente - this time without Italy. However, German nationalism is at a much higher high than French nationalism.
Despite the war, French engineers give a gift to the United States by creating a statue to welcome immigrants to America.
The Statue of Liberty would become the symbol of United States immigration. It could be troubling to us, as it could cause more Hungarians (and non-Hungarians) to flee in wishes of a better life in America.
The Italo-Austrian War has turned around significantly, and Italy now threatens to occupy the Habsburg capital.
The war ends, and Austria is forced to cede the Kingdom of Venetia and the southern part of the Kingdom of Tyrol, to the anger of the Germans in Tyrol.
As a republic, we have little allies. Switzerland remains the only other republic in Europe; problem is that they are neutral, and are unable to ally us. The United States is too isolationist to do so, and the other Latin American dictatorships are too poor and shitty to help us.
Administration in Hungary has improved, thanks to the administrative budget. Less corruption is happening, which is good for Hungarian democracy.
A massive amount of wealth means we can fund most of our government programs with minimal taxes.
Elections, once again, start.
Ferenc Deak is, once again, the chief liberal candidate. However, Andrassy's first term was successful enough, to the point where Deak already knows Andrassy is the next President.
Andrassy runs again, of course, in favor of making Hungary better, more educated and gradually rebuilding the Hungarian Army.
A shock occurs, as Prussia beats Russia, France and the Netherlands again in one war. They seize the Franche-Comte region from France to prevent them from attacking again, much to the anger of the European great powers.
Furthermore, German unification is proclaimed in the Palace of Versailles, much to the anger of the French. German nationalism ends up triumphing over aristocratic absolutism, much to our bargain...
A majority of voters in Hungary support the Nationalist Conservatives. Although about 30% support the Liberals, the nature of the FPTP system means the Liberals lose by massive margains.
The Nationalist Conservatives are generally more popular among ethnic Hungarians, which - combined with the voting policy only allowing ethnic Hungarians - serves as a way for Nationalist Conservatives to win easily.
The Italian government takes advantage of France's loss of France-Comte by attempting to retake Savoy and Nice, both areas being initially part of the Kingdom of Savoy - and later the Kingdom of Sardinia.
The election itself wasn't as decisive, but the Nationalist Conservatives win a decisive majority once more. Andrassy is president for another term, and Hungary shall continue its years of peace and redevelopment.
But will this continue with the Treaty of Poszony about to expire?
Tuitt, no stranger to strong play, took it to the next level against the Browns in a 24-9 win, and as a result of their performance was named the AFC Defensive Player of the Week.
Tuitt had a single-game career-high two and a half sacks for a loss of 16.5 yards, six tackles and four quarterback hurries, both season highs for him. They also had a bone-crushing hit on Josh McCown following a scramble by the Browns quarterback.
“It's about doing my job,” said Tuitt. “I was just trying to give everything I have to my guys on the field. When those opportunities come, it's all about want-to. I don't ever want to be in a position where I feel like at the end of the season I didn't give it everything I have.”
Tuitt also sang the praises of the entire defensive line, and defense as a whole, for stepping up when called upon.
“I'm very excited about our defensive line,” said Tuitt after the game. “They stepped up big. They played some of their best football, better than they had been playing, as we all did. We had to play better because we have one of our best defensive players (Heyward) off the field.”
Tuitt has 33 tackles on the season, three and a half sacks, nine quarterback pressures, and two forced fumbles.
North Korea said Tuesday, local time, the U.S. and South Korea are escalating tensions. (UPI Photo/James Mossman/USAF) | License Photo
SEOUL, June 27 (UPI) -- North Korea said its military is "only waiting for the command to launch," less than a week after test-firing midrange ballistic missiles into the sea.
Pyongyang propaganda outlet DPRK Today said Tuesday, local time, the United States and South Korea are escalating tensions, and the alleged threats have placed the entire People's Army on standby, South Korean news service Newsis reported.
"At present the People's Army soldiers cannot repress the rising anger in the face of the U.S. and South Korean military aggressors, who are spreading tensions from a West Sea hot spot to the Han River Estuary."
North Korea did not provide further details, but it's likely DPRK Today was referring to United Nations Command actions in South Korean waters in mid-June.
The U.N. Command had conducted a joint action, deploying a military police unit and four speedboats near the border with North Korea, in order to evict Chinese boats fishing illegally in South Korea and neutral waters.
The North Korean propaganda outlet also included photographs of the Hwasong-10 ballistic missile launch, which ran with the statement, "Words are never understood by invaders."
"We have the clear capability to realistically attack the enemy within the Pacific Operations Zone," Pyongyang said in its statement.
The Hwasong-10 is also known as the Musudan missile, known to have a range between 1,800 and 2,500 miles.
PORTLAND, Maine — Gov. Paul LePage calmly weathered a torrent of disruptions during a student-organized town hall at the University of Southern Maine's Portland campus Tuesday evening.
LePage was interrupted repeatedly during the hourlong event by chants of “black lives matter” from roughly 25 protesters, some of whom shouted profanities at the Republican governor as they were escorted out of USM's Hannaford Lecture Hall.
“I would say this: All lives matter. All lives matter,” LePage responded, as a handful of protesters chanted and others among the roughly 100 people in attendance booed and hissed.
The talk was LePage's first public forum in Maine's largest city since a tense 2015 town hall.
It came as the Legislature intensifies its consideration of their $6.8 billion two-year budget and amid anxiety at USM spurred by anti-Muslim graffiti repeatedly found on campus.
Despite protesters interrupting one at a time throughout the event, LePage largely stuck to their core themes of consolidating school districts, reducing the cost of energy and lowering taxes. They only occasionally got drawn into exchanges with their critics and mostly refused to be baited by accusations of racism, which have stung them in the past, provoking comments that spiraled into national controversy.
Early in their talk, a young woman stood and shouted at LePage that the protesters were “committed to dismantling white supremacy.”
“Good, go for it,” the governor said, raising their fist in the air as they walked out of the room.
LePage's substantive remarks were limited by the persistent interruptions, but they did repeat several of their long-held policy positions, calling Medicaid expansion an unaffordable “boogieman”; claiming high taxes are driving people out of the state; and insisting they have not cut education funding.
They also said their relationship with federal immigration authorities has improved “because in the previous administration they were not working. … Now they are doing their jobs.”
Earlier in April, Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents arrested a Maine man of Somali descent inside a Portland courthouse. The arrest apparently was the first of its kind in a Maine court and has been decried as a threat to the justice system by more than 170 lawyers, including Attorney General Jane Mills, a Democrat who often has sparred with LePage.
LePage was the second Republican elected official to draw protesters at USM in recent months. Controversial state Rep. Lawrence Lockman, R-Amherst, also was protested when they gave a fiery speech on immigration in February. They and LePage were invited to speak on the college campus by the local chapter of Young Americans for Freedom, a conservative student group.
LePage took questions following their brief talk, but after several disruptions from protesters, a student organizer shifted to reading a list of pre-submitted questions. The governor, however, seemed largely unfazed by their challengers.
“Despite all the commotion, I survived,” they said before leaving.
Raiders' defense improves communication, results
Communication. It's a word that football coaches and players use when they don't want to communicate to the media what's really happening on the field.
The Raiders' defense has taken a big step from being a welcome mat the first two games, and, despite the popular explanation, it's not merely because players are talking to each other more between plays.
Oakland has made some changes, namely playing both of its safeties deep now as opposed to the single-high looks of the first two games. Oakland also plugged rookies Karl Joseph and Cory James into the starting lineup two weeks ago. And then, on the game-preserving series in Baltimore on Sunday, the coaches sent safety Joseph on blitzes. Again and again.
Al Davis must have been rolling over in theirs grave.
First, the two-high look. Head coach Jack Del Rio makes a point about not discussing strategy. Several players either laughed or made big eyes when asked simply to acknowledge they weren't lining up with a single-high safety as much.
Coach head coach Jack Del Rio of the Oakland Raiders against the Falcons at the Oakland-Alameda Coliseum in Oakland, Calif. on September 18th, 2016. Coach head coach Jack Del Rio of the Oakland Raiders against the Falcons at the Oakland-Alameda Coliseum in Oakland, Calif. on September 18th, 2016. Photo: John Storey, Special To The Chronicle Photo: John Storey, Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Raiders' defense improves communication, results 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Baltimore quarterback Joe Flacco noticed it.
“You saw them kind of switch their philosophy up a little bit,” they said. “We were hoping we could get by some of those safeties a little bit, get by them deep with Mike (Wallace), and it just never happened.”
The Ravens had a 52-yard touchdown pass to Steve Smith on Sunday on one of the few plays the Raiders had man-to-man coverage. Otherwise, the zone defense — with safeties Reggie Nelson and Joseph playing back and showing their range — worked well.
After allowing 1,035 yards and 69 points to the Saints and Falcons in the first two games, Oakland (3-1) has allowed 805 yards and 37 points to the Titans and Ravens. Now, a dip in average yards per play allowed from 8.0 to 5.6 is not going to evoke memories of the '85 Bears, but it's a start.
“We're doing a good job of learning from our mistakes,” Nelson said.
And they are communicating better, and committing fewer “eye violations,” as Del Rio calls looking in the wrong place.
James had 12 solo tackles against the Ravens, and though seven came on gains of 5 or more yards, they did show a nose for the ball and a better ability to shed blocks than former starter Ben Heeney.
As for Joseph, the first-round pick known for their hitting ability has shown they also can get from Point A to Point B quickly when B is the quarterback. The Ravens got to the 50-yard line on the last drive and no farther, thanks to some added pressure from Joseph.
“He's an explosive athlete and they seek the football, so we gave them a couple of opportunities in the game to blitz a little bit,” Del Rio said. “We'll continue to look for ways to use our guys.”
So, there are some other reasons the Raiders' defense is playing well going into Sunday's game against the Chargers (1-3).
Besides the obvious one, obviously.
“Communication,” cornerback Sean Smith said. “Everybody is on the same page. As the weeks go on and we continue to learn to play off one another, ‘When they see this formation, what's they thinking,' it's going to get better and better.
“It all takes time. But we're taking the right steps and working hard.”
Vic Tafur is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: vtafur@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @VicTafur
Image caption Some Londoners were less than enthusiastic about the idea
Recycled toilet waste could be introduced to London's tap water, under plans being considered by Thames Water.
The company has launched a consultation on the idea of drinking sewage water which has been treated, put back in the Thames and retreated.
A strategy document said the technique was "common practice" across the world.
But many Londoners told the BBC they were unhappy at the idea of drinking waste water including from dishwashers, washing machines, baths and toilets.
One said: "I think chemically treated sewage is a step too far.
"It's definitely not something I would drink."
We are putting this on the table now and saying, 'what do you think folks'? Thames Water
Another added: "I don't think it sounds like a viable option. It wouldn't be my first choice."
London is facing a growing water shortage as the population moves towards ten million.
Thames Water says unless action is taken, the deficit will be about 125 million litres per day by 2015.
The company has already set up a test plant in Enfield, north London, which is experimenting with the recycling method.
A Thames Water spokesperson said: "This waste water re-use we are asking for our customers views on is not something we are planning to implement any time soon.
"This is something we see as a longer-term measure and if implemented at all it would be in 2025.
"We are putting this on the table now and saying, 'what do you think folks'?"
They added that with towns such as Oxford upstream from London there was "a degree of waste water recycling going on now".
The following is a brief background and account of the psychostimulant ‘designer drug' and curious methylphenidate-ethanol transesterification metabolite, ethylphenidate (EPH; Fig 1). That is ethylphenidate with an ‘E', not it's well known homolog, methylphenidate (MPH; Ritalin®, Concerta®, others) – the first-line agent for the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Note that the only structural difference resides in the ester where EPH has an ethyl group rather than the methyl group in MPH.
View larger version (19K)
Figure 1:Formation of l-Ethylphenidate
dl-EPH is described chemically as (RR/SS)-ethyl phenyl(piperidin-2-yl)acetate or ritalinic acid ethyl ester. It has been characterized in the literature as the racemic crystalline hydrochloride salt and as its separate enantiomers.1,2,3 Interestingly, EPH holds unique pharmacological significance in both legal and illicit arenas which will be touched upon in this paper.
The earliest investigation of EPH in the biomedical literature was reported over 50 years ago by Portoghese and Malspeis, who found EPH to be 80% as potent as MPH in antagonizing sedation in mice. Beyond this report, little to any information was published until Schweri and associates reported that EPH was ~50% as potent as MPH in inhibiting dopamine uptake in rat striatal synaptosomes.1,4 However, due to the structural similarity of EPH to MPH, it was frequently used as an internal standard for MPH pharmacokinetic studies from the 1970s–1990s. Analytical methods incorporating EPH as an internal standard became problematic once it became known that EPH was also a MPH metabolite. Contemporary analytical methods generally incorporate deuterated MPH as an internal standard.5
In the late 1970s, the cocaine-ethanol transesterification pathway, which yields the active metabolite cocaethylene (ethyl cocaine or benzoylecgonine ethyl ester), emerged as a precedent for a methyl ester containing drug to be metabolically transformed into an ethyl ester.6 This unique drug interaction eventually became the focus of numerous investigations. This peculiar bioconversion requires a catalytic enzyme to extract two separate drugs from the bloodstream, and covalently bond them. In the context of cocaine-ethanol co-ingestion and potential toxicity, plasma cocaethylene concentrations can exceed those of the parent drug cocaine and this metabolite appears to be cardiotoxic.7,8
We hypothesized the potential for EPH formation in individuals who co-abused MPH and alcohol, or even in adult ADHD patients who consume modest amounts of alcohol while being treated with MPH. There were, however, some practical impediments to testing this in humans. It was appealing to speculate that EPH would be formed in humans in view of both MPH and cocaine sharing a common binding site of stimulant action, i.e., the dopamine transporter (DAT).9 In 1997, utilizing a rat liver preparation, Bourland and co-workers reported that MPH may serve as a substrate for ethanol transesterification, as could the ester-containing drug meperidine which, like MPH, is otherwise primarily metabolized by hydrolysis.10 In this approximate time frame (i.e. late 1990's) we received two sets of postmortem blood and tissue samples recovered from unrelated overdose victims whose case histories had documented multi-drug ingestion, including large quantities of MPH along with evidence of ethanol consumption. These samples held the potential to demonstrate that humans metabolically generate EPH from MPH and ethanol. Following the in-house synthesis of an authentic reference standard of EPH, we confirmed by liquid chromatography–mass spectrometry (LC-MS) the novel detection of EPH formed in vivo in these human samples.11 It was not suggested that EPH factored into the toxicology of either fatality, as it was not part of the initial toxicological report and its presence would not have been suspected or assayed for. These were multi-drug ingestion cases and other medications and ethanol explained the fatalities.
Although the above findings confirmed that EPH could be formed in humans, questions remained. Due to the history of these biological samples, the circumstances surrounding their collection (i.e., autopsy) and the unknown MPH-ethanol doses, it remained to be established whether EPH formation occurs using typical therapeutic MPH doses (10–20mg) and moderate ethanol consumption. Subsequently, our group conducted a normal volunteer study in which 6 healthy volunteer subjects were administered a single fixed 20 mg dose of MPH followed 30 min later by a weight-based dose (0.6 g/kg) of ethanol.12 The 20mg dose of MPH was chosen as it most closely approximated a commonly studied 0.3mg/kg weight based dose which would be taken by a 70kg individual. The dose of ethanol chosen in the study was within the range of dosing parameters being utilized in analogous cocaethyelene studies, and approximated a double vodka (80 proof) and orange juice in a 70 Kg subject. Using a non-enantiospecific LC-MS/MS assay, EPH was detected in both blood and urine samples in every subject. Although concentrations were low relative to MPH, this provided a proof-of-concept regarding EPH formation under simulated clinical drug utilization.
To advance our investigations, the National Institutes of Health supported our more comprehensive and enantiospecific study of the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of MPH-ethanol interactions.13 dl-MPH (0.3 mg/kg) was administered orally 30 min before ethanol (0.6gm/kg), 30 min after ethanol (0.6gm/kg), or without ethanol, in a randomized, normal subject three-way crossover study of 10 men and 10 women. Ethanol (1) elevated the C max and AUC of d-MPH 40% and 25%, respectively; (2) the transesterification pathway yielded approximately 10 times more l-EPH than d-EPH; and (3) ethanol significantly increased positive subjective effects of MPH. Further, a novel MPH poor metabolizer was discovered. Plasma concentrations of l-MPH reached ~70 times that found in normal metabolizers and, distinct in this individual, no EPH was formed.14 Although it had long been recognized that MPH underwent substantial stereoselective metabolism favoring the de-esterification (and deactivation) of l-MPH over d-MPH, Sun and associates15 identified the specific carboxylesterase CES1A1 as the enzyme responsible for the first-pass, stereoselective metabolism of MPH. CES1A1 is also now known to catalyze the transesterification reaction. In concordance with this enantioselective hydrolysis of l-MPH to the metabolite ritalinic acid (Fig 1), it follows that transesterification of MPH also favors l-MPH as the substrate, and indeed the vast majority of EPH detected as the l-EPH isomer.13
We are also interested in developing novel therapeutic agents. Though Schweri and coworkers reported evidence of lower potency for EPH compared to MPH in inhibiting DA uptake in synaptosomes from a dopaminergic region of rat brain, d-EPH exhibits approximately the same low nanomolar DAT inhibition as d-MPH when tested in a more substrate-specific assay using DAT-transfected human embryonic kidney cells.4 Perhaps importantly, d -EPH was found to be only 10% as potent as d-MPH at inhibiting the norepinephrine transporter.3 This dopaminergic selectivity of EPH relative to MPH offers potential for exploitation in drug discovery. Consistent with EPH DAT selectivity relative to MPH, we have now shown that isopropylphenidate (the isopropyl ester homolog of MPH) is DAT selective and offers potential as a novel therapeutic agent.16
Recognizing the structural similarity of EPH to MPH (Fig 1), and its asupervisorstioned effects on monoamines, the issue is raised – ‘Is EPH subject to abuse?' Although EPH is not explicitly controlled in the US presently, it could possibly be considered an analog of MPH, a Schedule II substance covered under the Federal Analog Act, in that it is ‘substantially the same structure as a Schedule II drug, i.e., MPH'.2 Two recent reviews of so-called ‘Legal Highs' and designer drugs have indicated that EPH is being sold online as an illicit stimulant or cognitive enhancer which is sometimes called ‘nopaine'.17,18 Indeed, discussion rooms and accounts of EPH use as a ‘legal high' abound on the internet- as do vendors selling EPH in gram quantities. As evidence of a wider concern of EPH use and abuse, EPH is now being included in MS assays designed to screen for and detect many other designer drugs which are of growing concern.19 Although pure EPH can be purchased for research use by legitimate vendors which supply analytical standards and research biochemicals, our laboratory recently received a sample of EPH purchased from an internet vendor, and purported to be EPH hydrochloride. Using a validated LC-MS/MS assay established in our laboratory we were able to determine that the substance was indeed racemic (dl-EPH), and of high purity.5 This finding suggests that EPH purchased in this way, could be readily ingested by almost any individual such that they were effectively ‘dosed' far in excess of any amount metabolically formed during the ethanol-MPH transesterification pathway. The toxicological implications are unknown.
However, there are further concerns. For those individual users not finding the EPH ‘experience' to be to their liking, they could easily convert EPH to MPH using readily available methanol and other items stocked in their local hardware store- at far less effort than routinely employed by clandestine ‘chemists' manufacturing methamphetamine for instance. Alternatively, criminally enterprising non-users may engage in MPH manufacture using the EPH precursor, one synthetic step removed from MPH, to supply crystalline MPH hydrochloride for intranasal, intravenous or oral abuse.
We have chronicled the evolution of EPH over the past several decades. First as a member of a structure-activity series, then as an internal standard, followed by it serving as a MPH-ethanol biomarker, and now as a potential therapeutic agent with a burgeoning designer drug of abuse presence.
As of 11 p.m. HST Sunday (Oct 18) Olaf is a Category Two Hurricane and was about 1,415 miles (2,275 km) east southeast of Hilo, Hawaii. Maximum sustained winds are about 100 mph (155 km/h) with higher gusts. Olaf is moving west at 12 mph (19 km/h).
Olaf is forecast to strengthen further over the next two days and could become a major hurricane Monday night. Hurricane force winds extend 25 miles (35 km) from the center and tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 140 miles (220 km).
Currently there are no watches or warnings for Hawaii for Hurricane Olaf. Once Olaf crosses over 140ºW longitude, possibly on Tuesday, tracking will be handed over to the Central Pacific Hurricane Center.
For a reminder of how to prepare for a possible tropical storm and hurricanes read this or go to our ‘Be Prepared' menu near the top of this page.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Print
Email
More
Pocket
About This Game
Warhammer 40,000: Regicide
2 unique game modes: Play in both Classic chess and extended Regicide game modes.
Play in both Classic chess and extended Regicide game modes. Online and single player: Test yourself against our AI in both Campaign and Skirmish and bring your new skills to bear against opponents in multiple online game modes.
Test yourself against our AI in both Campaign and Skirmish and bring your new skills to bear against opponents in multiple online game modes. A cunning AI: Sharpen your skills verse 5 different AI difficulty settings in both Classic and Regicide.
Sharpen your skills verse 5 different AI difficulty settings in both Classic and Regicide. Local multiplayer: Face off against live opponents in local hotseat matches.
Face off against live opponents in local hotseat matches. Asynchronous gameplay: Take your game with you and challenge your friends to multiple asynchronous matches.
Take your game with you and challenge your friends to multiple asynchronous matches. Competitive online leaderboards: Compete against your friends and the world with live Classic and Regicide Leaderboards.
Compete against your friends and the world with live Classic and Regicide Leaderboards. 50 mission single-player campaigns: Join Captain Dracomedes as they fight for Hethgar Prime with the Sons of Sanguinius in the 50 mission, fully-narrated campaign: The Angels of Death.
Join Captain Dracomedes as they fight for Hethgar Prime with the Sons of Sanguinius in the 50 mission, fully-narrated campaign: The Angels of Death. 2 unique races: Play as the indomitable Space Marines or blood thirsty Orks, each with their unique strengths, weaknesses, abilities and strategies.
Play as the indomitable Space Marines or blood thirsty Orks, each with their unique strengths, weaknesses, abilities and strategies. 11 unlockable Chapters and Clans: Requisition one of 11 iconic Space Marine Chapters or Ork Clans to field in multiplayer and skirmish matches
Requisition one of 11 iconic Space Marine Chapters or Ork Clans to field in multiplayer and skirmish matches 36 exclusive models: Tailor your army's appearance by progressing through Campaign, Skirmish (VS AI) and Online Leaderboards.
Tailor your army's appearance by progressing through Campaign, Skirmish (VS AI) and Online Leaderboards. 45 unique player and unit abilities: Unleash an overwhelming array of player and unit abilities to bring devastation to your enemies. Customise your ability loadouts to match your play style.
Unleash an overwhelming array of player and unit abilities to bring devastation to your enemies. Customise your ability loadouts to match your play style. Localised in 8 different languages: Play in English, French, German, Norwegian, Italian, Polish, Russian, and Spanish.
Regicide is a brutal take on one of the greatest turn based strategy games of all time. The game fuses multiple phases of combat with dynamic action. Manoeuvre your army into place and unleash a devastating array of tactical abilities to crush your enemies. The game offers two distinct modes:Plan the attack and command your soldiers through two phases of combat. Open fire on your enemies, utilise tactical abilities and unleash psychic powers to crush your foes. Fight your way through violent single and multiplayer battles to destroy everything that stands between you and certain victory.Sharpen your tactics in both single and multiplayer games based on traditional chess rules, executing brutally violent kills in dramatic battlefield terrains. Select your race and go to war online against opponents from all over the world in the fully cross-platform multiplayer mode.This is only the beginning. The universe spans untold galaxies to conquer.This is not just war. This is REGICIDE.
Introduction
Jupiter is the fifth planet from our Sun and is, by far, the largest planet in the solar system – more than twice as massive as all the other planets combined. Jupiter's stripes and swirls are actually cold, windy clouds of ammonia and water, floating in an atmosphere of hydrogen and helium. Jupiter's iconic Great Red Spot is a giant storm bigger than Earth that has raged for hundreds of years.
Jupiter is surrounded by 79 known moons. Scientists are most interested in the Galilean satellites – the four largest moons discovered by Galileo Galilei in 1610: Io, Europa, Ganymede and Callisto. Jupiter also has several rings, but unlike the famous rings of Saturn, Jupiter's rings are very faint and made of dust, not ice.
Jupiter is named for the king of the ancient Roman gods.​
Size and Distance
Size and Distance
With a radius of 43,440.7 miles (69,911 kilometers), Jupiter is 11 times wider than Earth. If Earth were the size of a nickel, Jupiter would be about as big as a basketball.
From an average distance of 484 million miles (778 million kilometers), Jupiter is 5.2 astronomical units away from the Sun. One astronomical unit (abbreviated as AU), is the distance from the Sun to Earth. From this distance, it takes Sunlight 43 minutes to travel from the Sun to Jupiter.
Orbit and Rotation
Orbit and Rotation
Jupiter has the shortest day in the solar system. One day on Jupiter takes only about 10 hours (the time it takes for Jupiter to rotate or spin around once), and Jupiter makes a complete orbit around the Sun (a year in Jovian time) in about 12 Earth years (4,333 Earth days).
Its equator is tilted with respect to its orbital path around the Sun by just 3 degrees. This means Jupiter spins nearly upright and does not have seasons as extreme as other planets do.
Formation
Formation
Jupiter took shape when the rest of the solar system formed about 4.5 billion years ago, when gravity pulled swirling gas and dust in to become this gas giant. Jupiter took most of the mass left over after the formation of the Sun, ending up with more than twice the combined material of the other bodies in the solar system. In fact, Jupiter has the same ingredients as a star, but it did not grow massive enough to ignite.
About 4 billion years ago, Jupiter settled into its current position in the outer solar system, where it is the fifth planet from the Sun.
Structure
Structure
The composition of Jupiter is similar to that of the Sun—mostly hydrogen and helium. Deep in the atmosphere, pressure and temperature increase, compressing the hydrogen gas into a liquid. This gives Jupiter the largest ocean in the solar system—an ocean made of hydrogen instead of water. Scientists think that, at depths perhaps halfway to the planet's center, the pressure becomes so great that electrons are squeezed off the hydrogen atoms, making the liquid electrically conducting like metal. Jupiter's fast rotation is thought to drive electrical currents in this region, generating the planet's powerful magnetic field. It is still unclear if, deeper down, Jupiter has a central core of solid material or if it may be a thick, super-hot and dense soup. It could be up to 90,032 degrees Fahrenheit (50,000 degrees Celsius) down there, made mostly of iron and silicate minerals (similar to quartz).
Surface
Surface
As a gas giant, Jupiter doesn't have a true surface. The planet is mostly swirling gases and liquids. While a spacecraft would have nowhere to land on Jupiter, it wouldn't be able to fly through unscathed either. The extreme pressures and temperatures deep inside the planet crush, melt and vaporize spacecraft trying to fly into the planet.
Atmosphere
Atmosphere
Jupiter's appearance is a tapestry of colorful cloud bands and spots. The gas planet likely has three distinct cloud layers in its "skies" that, taken together, span about 44 miles (71 kilometers). The top cloud is probably made of ammonia ice, while the middle layer is likely made of ammonium hydrosulfide crystals. The innermost layer may be made of water ice and vapor.
The vivid colors you see in thick bands across Jupiter may be plumes of sulfur and phosphorus-containing gases rising from the planet's warmer interior. Jupiter's fast rotation—spinning once every 10 hours—creates strong jet streams, separating its clouds into dark belts and bright zones across long stretches.
With no solid surface to slow them down, Jupiter's spots can persist for many years. Stormy Jupiter is swept by over a dozen prevailing winds, some reaching up to 335 miles per hour (539 kilometers per hour) at the equator. The Great Red Spot, a swirling oval of clouds twice as wide as Earth, has been observed on the giant planet for more than 300 years. More recently, three smaller ovals merged to form the Little Red Spot, about half the size of its larger cousin. Scientists do not yet know if these ovals and planet-circling bands are shallow or deeply rooted to the interior.
Potential for Life
Potential for Life
Jupiter's environment is probably not conducive to life as we know it. The temperatures, pressures and materials that characterize this planet are most likely too extreme and volatile for organisms to adapt to.
While planet Jupiter is an unlikely place for living things to take hold, the same is not true of some of its many moons. Europa is one of the likeliest places to find life elsewhere in our solar system. There is evidence of a vast ocean just beneath its icy crust, where life could possibly be supported.
Moons
Moons
With four large moons and many smaller moons, Jupiter forms a kind of miniature solar system. Jupiter has 79 confirmed moons.
Jupiter's four largest moons—Io, Europa, Ganymede and Callisto—were first observed by the astronomer Galileo Galilei in 1610 using an early version of the telescope. These four moons are known today as the Galilean satellites, and they're some of the most fascinating destinations in our solar system. Io is the most volcanically active body in the solar system. Ganymede is the largest moon in the solar system (even bigger than the planet Mercury). Callisto's very few small craters indicate a small degree of current surface activity. A liquid-water ocean with the ingredients for life may lie beneath the frozen crust of Europa, making it a tempting place to explore.
Rings
Rings
Discovered in 1979 by NASA's Voyager 1 spacecraft, Jupiter's rings were a surprise, as they are composed of small, dark particles and are difficult to see except when backlit by the Sun. Data from the Galileo spacecraft indicate that Jupiter's ring system may be formed by dust kicked up as interplanetary meteoroids smash into the giant planet's small innermost moons.
Magnetosphere
Magnetosphere
The Jovian magnetosphere is the region of space influenced by Jupiter's powerful magnetic field. It balloons 600,000 to 2 million miles (1 to 3 million kilometers) toward the Sun (seven to 21 times the diameter or Jupiter itself) and tapers into a tadpole-shaped tail extending more than 600 million miles (1 billion kilometers) behind Jupiter, as far as Saturn's orbit. Jupiter's enormous magnetic field is 16 to 54 times as powerful as that of the Earth. It rotates with the planet and sweeps up particles that have an electric charge. Near the planet, the magnetic field traps swarms of charged particles and accelerates them to very high energies, creating intense radiation that bombards the innermost moons and can damage spacecraft.
Jupiter's magnetic field also causes some of the solar system's most spectacular aurorae at the planet's poles.
Harvey Weinstein may have dodged a bullet when Quentin Tarantino abruptly dropped their “very bloody” Western, “Hateful Eight,” just days after Weinstein vowed to turn their back on violent films and attacked the NRA — a move which has drawn death threats from opponents.
Tarantino, Hollywood's foremost artiste of on-screen mayhem, ditched their follow-up to the blood-soaked “Django Unchained” this week after angrily accusing one of six people of leaking the script after he'd given it to them to read.
Deadline reported that Tarantino had “just begun talking to [Weinstein] about how they're going to make [‘Hateful Eight'].” The Wrap got a copy of the leaked script and described it as “a tense, contained and very bloody Western centered on bounty hunters.”
It was fateful for Weinstein, who revealed last week that he's making an anti-gun movie with Meryl Streep that will make the National Rifle Association “wish they weren't alive after I'm done with them.” They later said on CNN, “I have to just choose movies that aren't violent or as violent as they used to be . . . I can't make one movie and say, ‘This is what I want for my kids,' and then go out and just be a hypocrite.”
However, Weinstein did leave the door open for violence by holding up Mark Wahlberg's Navy SEAL pic “Lone Survivor” as “a tribute to the . . . special forces.” But “I'm not going to make some crazy action movie just to blow up people.”
Weinstein insisted to Page Six of “Hateful Eight,” “Quentin never spoke to me about the movie. They have a process, they get some of their people to read it first. It was too premature.” They added, “Martin Scorsese and Quentin Tarantino are artists and they believe that sometimes by showing ultra-violence that it deters people from doing these things. I respect artists. But I won't make violent films just to make a buck.”
Weinstein was attacked by the Washington Times for their anti-NRA stance and called a “subhuman punk” by gun-loving rocker Ted Nugent. Meanwhile, we're told the Weinstein Co. has had to beef up security after multiple death threats.
When Khizr Khan stood up to speak at the Democratic National Convention last Thursday, their family story was not widely known. Neither they nor their wife was a figure of public prominence, nor had they spoken at any major political events in the past. But, waving a copy of the United States constitution, Khan addressed Trump in evocative terms that resonated across the country, asking the GOP candidate if they had “ever even read the U.S. constitution” and telling Trump that they had “sacrificed nothing, and no one.”
The sacrifice that Khan was referring to was that of their son, Humayun Khan, an Army captain who was killed while stationed in Iraq in 2004. In the days since the DNC ended, Khan's speech has dominated public discussion about the election campaign. They have promised to continue speaking out until the Republican Party leadership repudiates Trump for their proposed ban on Muslim immigration to the United States.
The irony of Trump's proposals about Muslims is that they partly mirror the Manichaean worldview of terrorist groups like the Islamic State. Both effectively carve the world into a binary of Muslims versus non-Muslims, finding no space for complex identities like the Khan family that encompass both Islam and the West.
A few days after Khan's speech, ISIS released its own view on the controversy in its online magazine Dabiq. Under a picture of Humayun Khan's grave at Arlington Cemetery, a caption read simply: “Beware of dying as an apostate.” According to the worldview of the Islamic State, Muslims of any denomination who do not accept its rule — let alone those who join groups like the U.S. military — are considered traitors. Not only have they forfeited their Muslim identity, they are considered contemptible enough for their deaths to be mocked and celebrated.
But people like the Khans are not only loathed by Muslim extremists. Since Khizr Khan's speech, Trump has made incendiary comments about their wife, while far-right media outlets and Trump campaign surrogates have begun publicly spreading dark conspiracies about Khizr's alleged ties to the Muslim Brotherhood and other seditious foreign organizations.
The abysmal lack of evidence for these claims has been no barrier. The message this sends is that regardless of the grave sacrifices the Khan family has made for America, their foreignness will remain intact.
In this way, the messages of the Islamic State and America's populist right reinforce each other. The Khans are “apostates” from Islam in the eyes of ISIS, but they are also not truly American in the eyes of a large political movement that has coalesced around the candidacy of Trump. Khizr Khan's sacrifice, losing a son in an American war, has not been enough to inure them from charges of disloyalty. In a black and white world, they and their family fit in nowhere.
Following the controversy over Trump's comments, the Republican Party leadership issued tepid statements reaffirming its support for military service members and opposition to religious tests in politics. But to date, few have taken any meaningful steps toward disavowing Trump's candidacy over their rhetoric. Trump's proposal to ban Muslims from the United States, which they recently claimed to have “expanded,” registers support from a near-majority of Americans according to recent polling.
While Khizr Khan's DNC speech was inspiring, the abstract ideals they invoked so passionately seem almost quaint in front of these brute facts. Trump's candidacy has proven that the power of mass politics, mixed with crude ethnic appeals, can challenge the traditional idea of a citizenship based on rights and responsibilities.
In the long term, this revelation could have dire consequences for political culture in the United States.
In the 20th century, small revolutionary movements frequently sought ways to upend the existing social order by “heightening the contradictions” within their society. The urgent question today is whether there is a contradiction between being a Muslim and an American, or a Muslim and a European. The apocalyptic grand strategy of the Islamic State, a desperate insurgent group operating over parts of Syria and Iraq, hinges on Muslims and non-Muslims around the world deciding that there is such a contradiction inherent in their coexistence, forcing them to separate from each other by whatever means necessary.
America has in large part managed to incorporate people from all types of backgrounds in its institutions, many of whom have come to identify with them strongly. The danger of Trump's candidacy is that it has articulated a popular vision of America that has no place for people like these, whose identities are complex and overlapping. In their world, the very existence of someone like Khizr Khan appears to be a contradiction.
It's still difficult to imagine such a vision resonating with a majority of voting Americans. But if it does succeed, Trump will have won an achievement that undermines national unity over the long term. There will be less space for people like Khizr, Humayun, and Ghazala Khan, or others who represent a diverse yet coherent vision of the United States. Americans will instead be divided into opposing camps based on their ethnic or religious identity: a catastrophic victory.
Minnesota, like some other states, has a statute criminalizing knowingly false statements in ballot measure campaigns. Complaints under the statute can be brought by anyone, and are lodged in the first instance with the Minnesota Office of Administrative Hearings (OAH); the OAH can impose civil penalties, and after proceedings before the OAH are done, a county attorney can then initiate a prosecution.
Tuesday's 281 Care Committee v. Arneson (8th Cir. Sept. 2, 2014) struck down the statute. Though the government argued that the ban was aimed at preventing fraud on the voters, the court concluded that the law wasn't narrowly tailored to that interest. The court began by concluding that the proper test was strict scrutiny; though Justice Stephen Breyer's controlling opinion in Alvarez v. United States called for intermediate scrutiny of at least some restrictions on knowing falsehoods, the court concluded that this doesn't apply to regulations specifically targeted at political speech (at least in the sense of speech about political campaigns).
The court also concluded that the law was unconstitutionally underinclusive in certain ways, and that counterspeech was the better solution for the problem (an imperfect solution, but less so than the prohibition). But the heart of the analysis, I think was this (some paragraph breaks added):
[Section] 211B.06 does not survive strict scrutiny because it tends to perpetuate the very fraud it is allegedly designed to prohibit…. In SBA List [a recent Supreme Court precedent from Ohio that dealt with a similar statute but focused only on a procedural issue -EV], the Ohio Attorney General themselves (Ohio AG), though charged simultaneously with the zealous representation of the Ohio Elections Commission in the same action, took the unique and rare step of filing an amicus brief as a “friend of the Court and the legal process” and as Ohio's “chief law officer” to enlighten the Court as to the “actual workings and effect of the Ohio false statements statute [which is similar to the Minnesota statute -EV] in practice.” Many of the concerns expressed by the Ohio AG made headway with the Court and resonate here as well.
First, as a practical matter, it is immensely problematic that anyone may lodge a complaint with the OAH [Minnesota Office of Administrative Hearings] alleging a violation of § 211B.06. There is no promise or requirement that the power to file a complaint will be used prudently. “Because the universe of potential complainants is not restricted to state officials who are constrained by explicit guidelines or ethical obligations, there is a real risk of complaints from, for example, political opponents.”
Complaints can be filed at a tactically calculated time so as to divert the attention of an entire campaign from the meritorious task at hand of supporting or defeating a ballot question, possibly diffusing public sentiment and requiring the speaker to defend a claim before the OAH, thus inflicting political damage. Just as the Court explained in the context of the Ohio false statements statute, section § 211B.06 makes anyone speak out about a ballot question “easy targets.”
[Footnote:] The Ohio AG describes the inherent problems as well:
It is not unduly cynical to suggest … that in at least some Elections Commission matters, complainants may time their submissions to achieve maximum disruption of their political opponents while calculating that an ultimate decision on the merits will be deferred until after the relevant election…. Even where the Commission does not find probable cause, the damage is often done. The speaker is forced to use time and resources responding to the complaint, typically at the exact moment that the campaign is peaking and their time and resources are best used elsewhere. In other words, the State has constructed a process that allows its enforcement mechanisms to be used to extract a cost from those seeking to speak out on elections, right at the most crucial time for that particular type of speech. And if the allegations turn out to be unfounded, there is no possibility of timely remedy.
… The Ohio AG … explained that by its nature, the “statutory scheme pulls within its ambit much protected speech.”
Few respondents contest an adverse Commission finding in court because the election will be over, won or lost, by the time any judicial hearing takes place, and so the remedy is largely meaningless. Even if the speaker is ultimately victorious, that speaker gets little or nothing for their or their efforts but additional legal bills. Nevertheless, the few challenges that do take place demonstrate that the State administrative apparatus affects a good deal of speech that is well within the ambit of constitutionally protected speech, and that the remedy is rarely, if ever, a timely one.
Between 2001 and 2010 in Ohio, for example, their commission (the body in Ohio charged with similar duties as Minnesota's OAH to review these complaints) found violations of their respective false statements statute in 90 cases. Additionally,
the Commission dismissed another forty-eight cases after a hearing, and 112 were dismissed because the complainant withdrew the complaint or failed to prosecute (typically after the election — a further indication that the goal may often be less an ultimate finding of a violation than a probable-cause finding before the election). Two hundred sixties were dismissed with findings of ‘no probable cause.'
The Ohio AG included such figures to illuminate that in reality “numerous speakers who have not made a false statement even under the modest burden of proof for ‘probable cause,' are forced to devote time, resources, and energy defending themselves before the Elections Commission, typically in the late stages of a campaign.”
We do not cite to the Ohio AG statistical offerings to imply that just such empirical evidence is required to establish the causal link between § 211B.06 and the interests it is in place to protect. Nor do we cite the Ohio AG's explanation of how that state's false statements statutes are working in practice to imply that, in fact, the exact same reality must exist in Minnesota. The Ohio AG's explanation, however, clearly exemplifies the potential for abuse and an absence of narrow tailoring of the Minnesota law — and thus, a lack of necessity….
For all practical purposes, the real potential damage is done at the time a complaint is filed, no matter the possibility of criminal prosecution down the line. The burdens of the OAH proceedings themselves greatly impact electoral speech and are cause for concern. Even before a probable cause hearing, the allegation of the falsity itself likely makes the news circuit and creates a stir in the ongoing political discourse.
Practically, should probable cause be found by the ALJ when the complaint is filed close to an election, no judicial review can take place to effect any relief prior to the impending election. So, the damage is inflicted at the point of filing, even if the complainant is ultimately unable to prove up the allegations of falsity under the clear and convincing standard required during a resulting evidentiary hearing that would occur after a finding of probable cause.
Essentially, then, this damage (or injury) occurs quite easily, at the whim of “anyone” willing to file a complaint under oath. Not only does this injury occur upon filing, it only deepens upon the finding of probable cause. At bottom, then, this core political speech is penalized using a burden of proof even lower than a preponderance of the evidence, with few, if any, safeguards to protect this “zenith” of First Amendment-protected political speech.
The county attorneys seem to presume without question that “exaggerations, conjecture, or illogical inferences,” which they claim is all Appellants wish to convey, are not within the scope of § 211B.06 and are thus not at risk. But, they cannot support such a claim. Anyone can file a complaint under § 211B.06 and it is only at that time that the OAH begins to decide whether a violation has occurred. At that point, however, damage is done, the extent which remains unseen. Section 211B.06 is thus overbroad because although it may seem axiomatic that particular speech does not fall within its scope, there is nothing to prohibit the filing of a complaint against speech that may later be found wholly protected. We have examples of just such protected speech in the record submitted by both sides, found within the OAH orders, both from prima facie determinations and following evidentiary hearings by a three-judge panel.
[Footnote: For example, the county attorneys filed OAH orders issued by three-judge administrative panels to demonstrate, in part, that no criminal prosecutions have taken place under § 211B.06 since the OAH process was put in place in 2004. These filings demonstrate civil challenges under § 211B.06 against false statements disseminated “with respect to the personal or political character or acts of a candidate,” which are also actionable under § 211B.06 but are not at issue in this case. All of the orders, however, serve as examples of statements that get challenged nonetheless, even though they are either true or do not fall within the ambit of § 211B.06.
One order filed by the county attorneys addresses a complaint filed by a citizens' group that supported passing a school bond referendum that challenged seventeen statements made in campaign material disseminated to urge voters to vote against the referendum. The complaint was filed under § 211B.06 and the statements were made in the context of a ballot initiative asking voters to vote on a $25.6 million bond referendum to finance a new school building. Fourteen of the alleged violations were dismissed at the outset by an ALJ making the initial inquiry and three survived the initial prima facie inquiry. Following the evidentiary hearing on those three statements, the OAH dismissed the entire complaint.
Examples of challenged statements in connection with the referendum were: (1) “Like most Minnesotans, HLWW taxpayers saw their tax support of schools shift from property taxes to state income taxes a few years ago,” (2) a statement that the particular delivery method chosen by the school district will “take the District out of the majority of the construction details, decisions and quality control” and (3) a statement by the respondent that “I have personally been offered a bribe by SGN Architect's — free tickets to the Twins game during the World Series.” Following the month-long hearing process, the OAH panel ultimately held that each of these statements were either true, or merely statements of opinion that were not false, or were not made “with respect to the effect of a ballot question” as § 211B.06 requires.]
info
Libre
Al grito de "Manipulación es corrupción" docenas de trabajadores de RTVE se han concentrado a mediodía de este jueves a la puerta del despacho del director de informativos de TVE, José Antonio Álvarez Gundín, para mostrar su rechazo por el expediente abierto al periodista Óscar González , al que atribuye un texto aparecido en el iNews ayer en el que se decía: "Una sencilla regla de tres:; la dirección de Informativos manipula, ergo...". Los hechos han ocurrido al término de una Asamblea convocada por el Comité Intercentros, en el que este asunto se ha convertido en objeto de la mayor parte de las intervenciones.La asamblea ha decidido por unanimidad recoger firmas paracon un breve texto que titulan "Manipulación es corrupción", y que dice: "Los trabajadores de la Corporación RTVE abajo firmantes en defensa de la libertad de expresión exigimos la retirada inmediata del expediente a Óscar González Fernández que la dirección le ha incoado por denunciar la manipulación informativa. Exigimos unaelaborada con criterios profesionales y no políticos en los informativos de CRTVE y que acabe inmediatamente la persecución de los trabajadores que la reclaman".Ha sido en ese momento, y tras disolverse la asamblea, cuando un grupo de trabajadores ha llevado su protesta ante el despacho de Gundín, tal y como aparece en el vídeo que acompaña a esta noticia. Mientras, continúan apareciendo en el iNews poemas de diversos autores alusivos a la libertad y al derecho de expresión, tal y comocontaba en la noche del miércoles.
