Millions of workers in the U.S. alone are expected to face growing competition as computerized autonomous vehicles start to perform taxi and truck driving jobs.
While the takeover of trucking by computerized robots is considered inevitable, how soon it will happen is a matter of debate. Some say it will take years to fully develop. Others predict it will happen much sooner.
Massive, autonomous mining trucks move giant loads of earth and ore in Australia and elsewhere. The trucks are able to handle the very limited traffic seen in the mine, but the chaos of the open road will be a bigger challenge.
The head of engineering for the American Trucking Association, Ted Scott, says it will take time to work out regulations, testing and public acceptance. “With the technology that is there, we can take the driver out of the vehicle. We aren't gonna do that for a long time."
Volvo and Uber have announced a plan to test self-driving cars in Pittsburgh, and Ford recently announced a joint research effort with a Chinese company to push self-driving vehicle technology forward. Audi and others are testing robot drivers in ever more complex environments, including Audi's race up a large American mountain and big city traffic.
A former official of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Chan Leiu, says these tests may speed things up.
"We are not that far from the ultimate vision of a completely self-driving car," Leiu said, adding that autonomous vehicles literally put people's lives in the hands of robots. But that may be a good thing because they say 94 percent of accidents are caused by people who are tired, drunk, texting, or making other mistakes.
This could save tens of thousands of lives, according to Notre Dame professor Tim Carone.
"There's a journey to get there, but the journey ends with [an] order of magnitude decrease in [the] number of accidents, number [of] fatalities, number of injuries," they said.
Human workers
Truck drivers, such as 16-year road veteran Rogelio Rada, think it will be quite a while before robots take their jobs.
“Robots can only do so much...there are issues I believe that only a person can handle,“ Rada said.
Their colleague, Barry Waters, thinks it will be "probably 20-30 years down the road."
Trucking employs as much as one percent of the U.S. population. The potential for changes in the industry follow decades of mostly declining human employment in U.S. manufacturing. The trend is evident in the auto industry, which sold a record number of vehicles in 2015, but did so with far fewer workers than it once employed.
Early in the age of autos, it took throngs of workers to build cars like the Model-T. Historic film shows waves of workers spilling out of factories at the end of their shift, where they did much of the work by hand with muscle power.
Competitive pressures forced manufacturers of all kinds to seek ever more efficient, less labor-intensive and cheaper ways to make products. Current video shows far fewer people on the factory floor as powerful robots weld, paint and preform other tasks, often with greater precision than their human predecessors.
Wondering about the future Wondering about the future Futurists try to predict how changes in the world will impact society. How will changing technology — better batteries, new materials, self-driving cars, new kinds of devices — change our lives?
How will the sharing economy — shared cars and other resources — change the way we live and work?
What will happen when the number of people over the age of 60 doubles? What do you predict? What predictions do you have for the future? Share your ideas on Twitter #VOApredictions
Developing new skills
That is bad news for millions of workers like Holly Stover, who was laid off after years of work for steel firms.
“I hope I'll end up working a good, a decent job, making a decent living,” they said.
With help from an employment counselor, Stover is exploring new kinds of work and considering attending school to update them skills.
Georgetown University workforce expert Anthony Carnavale says more industrial robots means fewer humans have high-paying jobs on production lines.
"Probably 75 percent of the job loss is technology-based," Carnavale said. "Robots, machines in general, are substituting for people.”
New opportunities
But Deputy Secretary of Labor Chris Lu says the changing economy brings new opportunities for workers — if they have the skills. Employers complain they can't find enough people who can run advanced machine tools or program computers.
“We've also, in this country, had a remarkable transition to a service economy and really wonderful high-paying jobs — in IT, for instance," Lu said. "That is an industry that didn't exist 20 or 30 years ago."
Meantime, the head of the Southeast Michigan Community Alliance, Greg Pitoniak, says their organization closely tracks the skills employers need and helps displaced workers meet those demands.
“Many job seekers look at it as, 'I can't afford to go to school for a couple years and not have an income,'" they said, explaining that employers are trying to close the skills gap by seeking apprentices for high-paying jobs like electrician, plumber, carpenter, millwright and pipefitter.
According to Pitoniak, the U.S. education system puts too much emphasis on college preparation and too little on getting people ready for technical jobs.
Prepping for the future
The changing skills needed from the work force, along with rapid changes in technology and fast-evolving consumer demands, present a major challenge for large manufacturers. It takes automakers years to develop new products and efficient ways to build them.
In Dearborn, Michigan, the Ford Motor Company employs a futurist to draw a clearer picture of what is coming up. They make illustrations and takes notes as they look beyond the auto industry and wonders about the ever-more connected world, the growing middle class in emerging economies, expectations that technology will make life better, and environmental worries.
They consider the impact of new technologies, including making plastic car parts out of wheat straw, tomato stems, trees, soy beans, captured carbon dioxide, and all kinds of materials, instead of traditional petroleum. Parts made of alternative materials are sometimes lighter, which makes cars more fuel-efficient.
Sheryl Connelly says fuel-efficiency and sustainability are a growing challenge for auto manufacturers.
"As we add more and more people to the planet, consumption will have to be redefined, prosperity rethought," they said. "That is why we are moving toward the service-oriented, access oriented marketplace ... those people who can not afford a car still need mobility."
Environmentally-friendly shared ride services are under development by Ford and others. The company moves employees among its many facilities in an experimental shuttle service, controlled by a smart phone app. Shared vehicles could be a cheap alternative for emerging markets and an efficient one for crowded wealthy countries.
Some experts predict that shared vehicles, self-driving cars, and other changes could make more efficient use of vehicles and cut demand for cars.
In always politically combative Washington, the newest battle is over a name not yet known, whoever President Barack Obama nominates for the Supreme Court seat left vacant by the sudden death of Justice Antonin Scalia.
Obama, now in the last year of their presidency, says they will nominate a candidate for the lifetime position, and expects the Senate to give their choice a public hearing and to vote on it. But the unexpected high court vacancy, coming in the midst of the 2016 presidential campaign to pick their successor, leaves them with a variety of considerations in making the choice.
Chief among them is which possible nominee has a chance of winning a nomination fight in the U.S. Senate, where the majority Republicans are none-too-anxious to give the Democratic president the chance to clear what would be their third selection on the nine-member court.
Choice could tip balance
The nomination decision, depending on Obama's choice, is especially crucial because it could tip the ideological balance on the court from the current five to four conservative majority that included Scalia, to one favoring the court's four reliably liberal justices.
Numerous Republicans are vowing to block any Obama selection, with Democrats saying the court should not be left with a vacancy for a year or more until the next president takes office and names a Supreme Court candidate.
Already, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said the country's next president, to be elected in November and taking office in January, ought to make the choice, to effectively give voters a say in the Supreme Court selection. Two Republican senators running for president, Ted Cruz of Texas and Florida's Marco Rubio, have vowed to fight against any Obama nominee, no matter who it is.
With such political opposition, Senate Republicans could effectively run out the clock on Obama's presidency, and their Supreme Court nominee. But Democrats supporting Obama already are accusing Republicans of being obstructionists in the fight over the nomination and that could eventually force McConnell to at least allow consideration of a nominee even if Republicans ultimately defeat the choice.
Possible names
Some legal analysts say Obama could nominate one of two judges who have in recent years already have won unanimous Senate approval for their current seats, Sri Srinivasan, who would become the Supreme Court's first Indian-American, and Jane Kelly, both of whom now are appellate court judges.
Several other names have been mentioned by legal experts as possibilities, including the country's current top law enforcement official, Attorney General Loretta Lynch, New Jersey Senator Cory Booker and several other appellate court judges.
Analysts say what is unknown is how Obama views the already contentious fight over their unnamed choice.
They are debating whether the president's main goal would be to win approval for the nominee, someone at least a few Republican lawmakers might vote for. Or perhaps, the analysts say, their choice might be to pick a nominee more attuned to their left-of-center political views, who likely would be defeated even as the loss might energize Democratic voters in the presidential election and Senate contests around the country in an effort to overturn Republican control of the legislative chamber and hand it to the Democrats.
The report from the ILO says 81 million out of 630 million 15-24 year olds where unemployed at the end of 2009, some 7.8 million more than at the end of 2007.
Thursday marks the first day of the UN International Youth Year; the ILO warned these trends will have "significant consequences for young people as upcoming cohorts of new entrants join the ranks of the already unemployed."
The world risks a crisis legacy of a "lost generation" of young people who dropped out of the job market, the organization added in its report.
The report also points out that the unemployment rates of youth have proven to be more sensitive to the crisis than the rates of adults and that the recovery of the job market for young men and women is likely to lag behind that of adults.
It indicates that in developed and some emerging economies, the crisis impact on youth is felt mainly in terms of rising unemployment and the social hazards associated with discouragement and prolonged inactivity.
"In developing countries, crisis pervades the daily life of the poor" said ILO Director-General Juan Somavia.
"The effects of the economic and financial crisis threaten to exacerbate the pre-existing decent work deficits among youth," Somavia said. "The result is that the number of young people stuck in working poverty grows and the cycle of working poverty persists through at least another generation."
Investment in education will be lost and governments will not receive contributions to social security systems, while at the same time being forced to raise spending on services to correct the problem, if the situation continues, they warned.
"Young people are the drivers of economic development," Somavia said. "Foregoing this potential is an economic waste and can undermine social stability."
They see the crisis as "an opportunity to re-assess strategies for addressing the serious disadvantages that young people face as they enter the labor market."
Verizon: 30% or More of Our Users Will Never Get FiOS Meaningful expansion of Verizon's FiOS services has been on hold for years now -- outside of existing franchise obligations like New York City, and even those appear to be seeing nowhere near the kind of penetration Verizon hinted at. For years Verizon executives have had sort of a "wait and see" response when asked about possible expansion, but Verizon CFO Fran Shammo this week provided the strongest indication yet that FiOS have nots should not be holding their breath.
"We'll continue to fulfill our FiOS LFAs (franchise agreements) we will complete (the FiOS deployment) with about 19 million homes passed," Shammo told attendees of the Jefferies 2014 Global Technology, Media and Telecom Conference this week in Miami. "That will cover about 70 percent of our legacy footprint; 30 percent we're not going to cover," stated Shammo. That 19 million homes "passed" doesn't necessarily mean served, meaning the number of Verizon customers that can't get FiOS could be significantly higher than 30%. That 30% obviously doesn't include the millions of users already sold to companies like Frontier and Fairpoint. "We will continue to harvest that copper network and those customers and keep them as long as we can but we will not be building FiOS out to those areas," Shammo said of those unfortunate 30%. By "keep them as long as we can," Shammo actually means getting rid of them as soon as possible. Given consumer protections in many states, Verizon's been making a very clear effort to drive many of those users to cable or wireless via DSL rate hikes or by forcing them to sign up for an unwanted copper POTS line. Verizon's seeing a significant slowdown in the uptick of new customers as the market saturates and Verizon refuses to expand, though Shammo told attendees they blame that on the "harsh winter" in the Northeast. Verizon's seeing a significant slowdown in the uptick of new customers as the market saturates and Verizon refuses to expand, though Shammo told attendees they blame that on the "harsh winter" in the Northeast.
News Jump Tuesday Morning Links Monday Morning Links TGI Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links - Valentines Edition Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links ---------------------- this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 131 comments
Zenit
The system is the solution
Premium Member
join:2012-05-07
Purcellville, VA ·Comcast XFINITY
·Verizon DSL
6 recommendations Zenit Premium Member Oh the money!
The end game here is to drive everyone into the arms of Cable (gentleman's agreement with Comcast whom servs most of VZs landline footprint) and drive the rural customers onto the overpriced 4G LTE services.
I read reports that shortly after VZ sold off their POTS networks in New England to Fairpoint, DSL speeds suddenly got higher - just a little bit of investment can squeeze a bit more life out of the copper, if it was not wrecked due to ingress of water.
(Yes I know that newer cable has Goop, but if the splices get exposed...)
Frontier is in rougher shape, as they got VZs really abandoned areas (W. VA for example - both ex-GTE and ex-Bell were in rough shape).
VZ signed contracts with state PUCs that will never be fulfilled, took advantage of grant money and raised our phone rates promising a modern network that will NEVER happen. AT&T and CenturyLink have done similar, but not to the extent of VZ.
This whole mess with obtaining a modern telecom network for the next century is why I am convinced that the 1984 breakup of Ma Bell actually spawned a monster. The old System was technology focused - releasing groundbreaking technology and upgrading the network on a regular basis. The principle of Universal Service was followed.
And we broke it up, rather than re-regulating it for the future - for what? Long Distance competition?
Could have forced that on the system and kept it intact.
Today?
VZ CFO: Oh the money! So wonderful. I love 4g. Wire bad. 4g good. ohhhhhh -rolls around in piles of money-
VZ Engineering: Sir, our networks are failing - customers are defecting and we have no budget to do anything.
VZ CFO: Just duct tape/trash bag it. Remember, Bag on Strand policy.
VZ Engineering: This wont last.
VZ CFO: Who cares, its cheap. Wires are not LTE. LTE is great. I love LTE. OOOOH LTE. -rubs face with Samsung Galaxy S5, then snorts ground up $100 bills-
-the next day-
VZ CEO: I HATE CLUTTER. CLUTTER IS WRONG. THROW OUT ALL SPARE PARTS AND UNUSED MATERIALS.
VZ Engineering: But we need that to take care of the network. We hoard equipment as you wont let us buy any!
VZ CEO: THROW IT AWAY! NOW! I LIKE CLEAN CENTRAL OFFICES!!! THEY PROPAGATE LTE BETTER.
VZ Engineering: That isn't true.
CEO: Throw out that old junk or I fire you all and replace you with subcontractors from Zimbabwe.
(This actually happened - VZ was caught throwing out dumpsters full of new equipment - splice cases, pedestals, fiber, copper, ONTs, line cards....insane! The Zimbabwe part did not though. )
Only in Murika, right guys? VZ is terrible. They will in the end be the only ILEC that decides to not upgrade a single thing and let 30-60% of their network rot on the poles (decades old Copper not maintained, with DLSAMs from the 1990s).The end game here is to drive everyone into the arms of Cable (gentleman's agreement with Comcast whom servs most of VZs landline footprint) and drive the rural customers onto the overpriced 4G LTE services.I read reports that shortly after VZ sold off their POTS networks in New England to Fairpoint, DSL speeds suddenly got higher - just a little bit of investment can squeeze a bit more life out of the copper, if it was not wrecked due to ingress of water.(Yes I know that newer cable has Goop, but if the splices get exposed...)Frontier is in rougher shape, as they got VZs really abandoned areas (W. VA for example - both ex-GTE and ex-Bell were in rough shape).VZ signed contracts with state PUCs that will never be fulfilled, took advantage of grant money and raised our phone rates promising a modern network that will NEVER happen. AT&T and CenturyLink have done similar, but not to the extent of VZ.This whole mess with obtaining a modern telecom network for the next century is why I am convinced that the 1984 breakup of Ma Bell actually spawned a monster. The old System was technology focused - releasing groundbreaking technology and upgrading the network on a regular basis. The principle of Universal Service was followed.And we broke it up, rather than re-regulating it for the future - for what? Long Distance competition?Could have forced that on the system and kept it intact.Today?VZ CFO: Oh the money! So wonderful. I love 4g. Wire bad. 4g good. ohhhhhh -rolls around in piles of money-VZ Engineering: Sir, our networks are failing - customers are defecting and we have no budget to do anything.VZ CFO: Just duct tape/trash bag it. Remember, Bag on Strand policy.VZ Engineering: This wont last.VZ CFO: Who cares, its cheap. Wires are not LTE. LTE is great. I love LTE. OOOOH LTE. -rubs face with Samsung Galaxy S5, then snorts ground up $100 bills--the next day-VZ CEO: I HATE CLUTTER. CLUTTER IS WRONG. THROW OUT ALL SPARE PARTS AND UNUSED MATERIALS.VZ Engineering: But we need that to take care of the network. We hoard equipment as you wont let us buy any!VZ CEO: THROW IT AWAY! NOW! I LIKE CLEAN CENTRAL OFFICES!!! THEY PROPAGATE LTE BETTER.VZ Engineering: That isn't true.CEO: Throw out that old junk or I fire you all and replace you with subcontractors from Zimbabwe.(This actually happened - VZ was caught throwing out dumpsters full of new equipment - splice cases, pedestals, fiber, copper, ONTs, line cards....insane! The Zimbabwe part did not though. )Only in Murika, right guys?
buzz_4_20
join:2003-09-20
Biddeford, ME 2 recommendations buzz_4_20 Member You'd Think They would want more customers.
I guess the high profit margins of Wireless are deafening.
WASHINGTON: US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said that they did not visit Islamabad earlier this week to lecture or coerce Pakistanis but they did tell them that Washington is determined to eradicate terrorism from the region with their support or “in a different way”.
“And that's not a threat. It's just a matter of fact. We have to deal with the conditions on the ground. And as you know, the entire South Asia strategy is a conditions-based strategy,” they said.
Mr Tillerson said the message they delivered to Pakistan during the visit was: “Here's what we need for Pakistan to do. We're asking you to do this; we're not demanding anything. You're a sovereign country. You'll decide what you want to do.”
On Thursday evening, Secretary Tillerson reviewed their seven-day visit to Europe, the Middle East and South Asia with the State Department press corps from Geneva, also highlighting key points of their talks in Islamabad on Tuesday. They said they had offered to help Pakistan resolve its disputes with India, a suggestion that may irk New Delhi, which opposes any third-party mediations with Pakistan.
“That would be a complete mischaracterisation of the meeting,” said the top US diplomat when a journalist asked them if it would be accurate to say that they received a message of defiance from the Pakistanis who told him, “We will not be coerced”.
But they acknowledged that they told them Washington would implement its new strategy with or without Islamabad because “this is what we think is necessary. And if you don't want to do that, don't feel you can do it, we'll adjust our tactics and our strategies to achieve the same objective a different way”.
Says they offered to help Pakistan resolve its disputes with India
Secretary Tillerson said they viewed US-Pakistan ties as “a respectful relationship” but, “we have some very legitimate tasks, some very legitimate concerns that we need their help addressing. I said to them, ‘You can do it or you can decide not to do it. And if you decide you don't want to do it, just let us know. We'll adjust our plans accordingly and we'll deal with it ourselves' ”.
Another journalist referred to Indian media reports that Lashkar-e-Taiba chief Hafiz Saeed was not on a list of 75 terrorists that the US team handed over to Pakistani officials in Islamabad on Tuesday. The journalist also referred to a Pakistani media report that none of the 75 terrorists on the US list were Pakistanis and asked Secretary Tillerson to comment on both reports.
The secretary ignored the two points, saying instead that they had “a very healthy exchange of information on terrorists” with the Pakistanis. “We have provided them specific asks, beyond just names of individuals. We've provided them specific asks,” they said. “But we've also invited greater sharing from them as well. So we expect to receive information from them that will be useful.”
The United States, they said, was mainly interested in specific information about the location and movements of these terrorists, instead of indulging in the dispute whether they were based in Pakistan or Afghanistan. “As you know, the Pakistan-Afghan border is quite porous; in fact, it's ill-defined. And so we're less concerned about are they in Pakistani territory, in Afghanistan territory, or — as we are obtaining information so that we can eliminate them,” they said.
Mr Tillerson said they also explained President Donald Trump's new strategy for South Asia in their discussions with Afghans, Pakistanis and Indian leaders, which requires the involvement of regional players — particularly India and Pakistan — for restoring peace and stability to Afghanistan.
“Pakistan is a key partner for the stability of the region. We have a long history of positive partnership with Pakistan, but Pakistan must do more to eradicate militants and terrorists operating within its country,” they said.
“The people of Pakistan have much to gain from a stable, peaceful Afghanistan, and a region that denies safe haven to terrorists. This was my principal message to Prime Minister (Shahid Khaqan) Abbasi, Chief of Army Staff (Gen Qamar) Bajwa, and the Pakistani leadership.”
They rejected the suggestion that they were lecturing Islamabad from Delhi and Kabul, which irritated Pakistanis. “I would not have characterised my direct discussions with them as lecturing at all. It was a very good and open exchange,” they said.
“In fact, we probably listened 80 per cent of the time and we talked 20 per cent. And it was important to me, because I have not engaged with Pakistani leadership previously. And so my objective was to listen a lot, to hear their perspective.”
The meetings in Islamabad, they added, provided both sides to share their views.
“We put our points forward. We put our expectations forward in no uncertain terms. There has been significant engagement prior to my visit, and there'll be further engagement in the future, as we work through how we want to… exchange information and achieve the objective of eliminating these terrorist organisations, wherever they may be located.”
Published in Dawn, October 28th, 2017
The Welsh Government together with a large number of Welsh energy and environmental organisations are today making a public statement of continuing support for renewable energy.
The statement builds on the Cabinet Secretary's recently announced targets for renewable energy and urges the UK Government to enable onshore wind and solar technologies to compete in renewable energy generation auction rounds.
Currently renewable energy generation auction rounds, termed Contract for Difference, secure subsidies for technologies including offshore, marine renewables and biomass. The auctions specifically exclude onshore wind and solar, which potentially provide the biggest opportunity for the Welsh renewable energy sector.
The Cabinet Secretary said:
“The UK has invested over £9 billion in developing the renewables sector and costs have successfully been driven down.
“However, the rapid changes in UK Government policy have decimated large parts of the renewable sector, with potentially valuable developments to Wales stopped in their tracks by UK Ministers. In 2015 alone, four new wind developments in mid-Wales with an installed capacity of over 300MW were refused by UK Government.
“The bulk of UK Government renewables investment is now going to offshore projects outside of Wales. This investment is paid for by Welsh bill payers, amongst others.
“We believe that lowest cost technologies, such as onshore wind and solar, present the best opportunities to manage the costs of generation to energy bills. They also offer Welsh businesses and our rural economy the opportunity.to be more resilient and self sufficient in a future outside of the EU.
“The statement of support we, along with key Welsh organisations, have published today, calls for change. That is why we are urging the UK Government to do more to support onshore wind and solar development.
“A policy framework which enables the most affordable projects to continue to form the bulk of energy supply is fundamentally important to delivering our decarbonisation and prosperity goals.”
LOS ANGELES, Jan 14 (Reuters) - From 2001 to 2006 a worker who was supposed to make hourly fire patrols at the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station in Southern California faked records to show checks had been made when they had not been, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission said on Monday.
Southern California Edison, a unit of Edison International (EIX.N), has agreed with the NRC and will tone up the safety culture at the plant between San Diego and Los Angeles on the Pacific Ocean.
SCE will not be penalized outside of instituting programs to ensure plant safety, the NRC said.
“An investigation by the NRC determined that a fire protection specialist provided inaccurate information about hourly fire watch rounds (he or they are) supposed to make while working the midnight shift at the plant from April 2001 to December 2006,” the NRC said.
“The missed rounds had low safety significance because of other fire defense measures in place, but the NRC was concerned at the lack of management supervision over fire watches during the midnight shift for five years,” said the statement from the NRC.
It was one of a series of lax behavior — and the most significant — by workers at the nuclear power plant in the past year, the NRC found.
In 2007, SCE got into trouble with California utility regulators for a case of systemic records falsifying, which SCE admitted. In that case, company mangers four years ago urged workers to skew customer survey results so the investor-owned utility could get higher financial incentive awards.
Victor Dricks of the NRC said the midnight shift at San Onofre was the only shift at the plant for which the fire specialists' checks were not monitored by a supervisor from April 2001 to September 2006.
“The incident did not adversely affect public safety because there were other individuals who were patrolling other parts of nuclear plant and there were other fire defense measures in place,” said Dricks.
The fire patrol misconduct was one of five violations by SONGS staff investigated by NRC staff, Dricks said. The others were of low safety significance but concern the NRC.
NRC Regional Administrator Elmo E. Collins said, “The NRC depends on a good-faith effort of nuclear power plant workers to follow regulations. Willful violations by workers cannot be tolerated.”
SCE has nine months to enact programs “to develop special training for its employees that emphasizes the importance of maintaining a strong nuclear safety culture to prevent deliberate misconduct by workers,” according to the NRC.
The utility responded, “Southern California Edison agrees with the NRC that behavior by workers that violate site and NRC requirements cannot be tolerated. We believe the extensive program we have already begun to implement will help strengthen site worker commitment to Edison's standards of conduct and those of the NRC.”
SCE did not say whether the worker, whose identity was not revealed, is still working at the plant.
SCE owns the majority interest in the plant (78.21 percent), which is also owned by San Diego Gas & Electric (20 percent) and the City of Riverside (1.79 percent).
The two reactors at the oceanside nuclear power plant can make about 2,200 megawatts of electricity, which is enough to power about 1.5 million homes in Southern California. (Editing by Christian Wiessner)
“In France, cooking is a serious art form and a national sport.” ~ Julia Child
I live in a rapidly evolving tourist town. People visit from all over the world to river raft, mountain bike, off-road, canyoneer, base jump, and rock climb. I grew up here, and watching the explosion of visitors, hotels, stores, and restaurants has been overwhelming at times. However, growing up here also allowed for an ample of opportunities to work in a variety of fields.
My brother worked as a river guide for years, leading rafts full of adventurers through the rolling waves, dramatic drops, and whirlpools of white water rafting. They mostly worked overnight trips, which required them to not only be the raft guide, but also a hiking guide, chef, medic when necessary, and camp host.
Even though the river trips carried participants to the deep backcountry of southeastern Utah, the meals served on the trips were always first-class fine dining (with unfortunately maybe a little beach sand). My brother cooked extensively in a Dutch oven on the majority of these trips, and they have shared many of those recipes over the past few years with me.
The first Dutch oven meal they taught me was chicken cordon bleu. This dish was one of the most anticipated meals of the trip. The flavors developed in the Dutch oven make this decadent meal even better tasting then when prepared at home in a traditional oven. I think this meal is a great first-timer Dutch oven meal because it is really, really hard to mess up. And while it is great for the Dutch oven newbie, it is also so amazingly fantastic that it is the perfect meal for impressing your guests with. Sitting around the campfire with a plate full of roasted chicken and ham, melted cheese, and creamy sauce will make even the most cynical camper love the outdoors!
As always, start with getting the coals ready. This meal will need about a total of 35 coals, so I always do a couple extra because some burn down to unusable during the heating process. To heat my coals, I purchased my charcoal chimney at the Sportsman's Warehouse for about $20.00 and it was worth every penny. All you do is crumple up a few pages of newspaper and stuff them under the base of the chimney, add your coals, and light the paper. You don't need lighter fluid or even the match light coals. Initially, the chimney will set the coals on fire, much like the barbeque pit. After a few minutes, the coals will go down and they will start to ash over. It takes about ten to fifteen minutes for the coals to be ready. I usually pull mine from the heat when the top ones are half grey and half black. If you wait until the top ones are completely grey then the bottom ones are almost gone. A reminder I ALWAYS need when cooking with my dutch oven is to remember to not set up my dutch oven just in the dirt. The dirt will extinguish the coals (I know, common sense should take over here, but I do it all the time!) I usually set my dutch oven up on a flat rock, but you can also buy metal pans that make the process even easier!
While the coals are heating, prepare the cordon bleus. I bought the boneless skinless chicken breasts. If you want to save a little money, you can get the breasts that still have the rib meat or skin on and clean them yourself; however, when working in the outdoors I try to eliminate as many steps as possible. The breasts need to be flattened out a bit in order to achieve proper rolling of the cordon bleus. I placed my breasts into a gallon size Ziploc bag and then used a coffee cup to pound them down. When I am at home, I just lay plastic wrap over the breasts and then use a rolling pin to do this part, but when camping I do not bring a rolling pin….and the Ziploc seemed like a safer idea for protection of my chicken breast from dirt and bugs and other outdoor hazards. Anyway, the point is to find something flat and heavy and whack the crap out of the chicken breasts until they are a half or quarter inch thick.
On top of the flattened breasts, add a few slices of deli black forest ham (or whatever your favorite ham is). I suggest just buying a pre-sliced deli packaged ham because, again, it eliminates the step of thinly slicing a chunk of ham. On top of the ham, lay down your favorite piece of white cheese. Traditional cordon bleu uses Swiss cheese. I went a little wild this time and used Havarti. It was a really nice substitution.
Roll the chicken into little bundles and secure using two toothpicks. The cordon bleus are now ready for breading.
So, the next step in the process is to cover the chicken bundles with breading. Typically at home, I set up a breading station: a plate with flour for the first coating, a shallow dish with a beaten egg, and a plate with the breading. I work through each station and drop the cordon bleu into a pan at the end. For camping, I used Ziploc bags to help simplify the process. The bags were convenient for each station, also created a transportation container for the flour, and made clean-up a breeze. So, before I left I home, I filled a gallon freezer bag with about a cup of flour, and also grabbed two more gallon bags. Once cooking, I cracked an egg and added a bit of water to the second freezer bag, and also filled the third bag with Italian bread crumbs.
To bread, drop a chicken bundle into the flour, seal the bag, and give it a good shake, making sure to coat the entire bundle. Remove from the flour bag and drop in the egg bag. The final bag is the breading bag, making sure once again to the coat the entire bundle. Repeat with remaining cordon bleu bundles.
Place the cordon bleu in a single layer into the Dutch oven. Set the oven over 10-12 coals and then place 15-20 coals on the top. The chicken needs to cook at about 350 Fahrenheit. I also like to check the temperature of my oven by using my hand to guesstimate where things are at. I read this online, and while it isn't a foolproof method, I have found that it has not failed me yet. So, place your hand about 6 to 8 inches above the dutch oven. You should only be able to hold it there for about five seconds. If you can do this, you are at about 350 degrees, which is what this chicken needs to cook at. If you can hold it there longer, say ten seconds, you are more around 250-300 and you need to add more coals. If you are only able to hold it there for a second or two, you are too hot, more around 400, and need to remove a couple of coals from the bottom! Like I said before, this is a really great starter meal because it isn't super temperature dependent. If you are too hot or too cold, you most likely won't destroy the meal.
Let the chicken cook for 30 minutes. During this time, prepare the sauce. I just have to add that this sauce is so good. I wanted to keep eating it, but all good things must come to an end. So, for the sauce, in a large mixing bowl whisk together a can of cream of chicken soup, half cup of sour cream, half a cup of milk, and a tablespoon of Dijon mustard.
After the chicken has been cooking for 30 minutes, pour the sauce over the top of the chickens. Allow them to continue cooking for an additional 10-15 minutes.
Plate those beautiful melted bundles of cordon bleu, drizzle with extra sauce from the pot, and serve alongside a simple salad. Camping meal fit for royalty!
Happy Hunting!
Print Chicken Cordon Bleu: Fancy Dutch Oven Dinner! Prep Time: 5 minutes Cook Time: 45 minutes Total Time: 50 minutes 4 Ingredients For Cordon Bleu Bundles Four boneless, skinless chicken breasts
1 cup flour
1 egg
1 tablespoon water
15 ounce can Italian style bread crumbs
1 package deli ham (black forest)
Havarti pre-sliced cheese For Sauce 10 ounce can cream of chicken soup
1/2 cup sour cream
1/2 cup milk
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard Instructions Heat about 40 coals in charcoal chimney until ashed over, about 15 minutes. Pound chicken breast flat, to about a quarter to half inch thick. Place a slice of deli ham and slice of cheese on top of chicken breast. Roll into bundle and secure with two toothpicks. Create breading station in gallon size freezer bags. First bag should contain cup of flour, second bag should contain beaten egg and tablespoon of water, and third bag should contain bread crumbs. Place chicken bundle in flour bag and coat entirely in flour. Move to egg bag and coat entirely. Finish in the breading bag. Repeat with four remaining chicken bundles. Place bundles in single layer in Dutch oven. Place Dutch oven over 10-12 coals on bottom and 18-20 coals on top. Allow chicken to cook for 30 minutes while preparing the sauce. For the sauce, whisk together cream of chicken soup, sour cream, milk, and Dijon mustard. Add sauce to Dutch oven at 30 minute mark. Continue to cook chicken bundles and sauce for additional ten to fifteen minutes. Enjoy! Recipe Management Powered by Zip Recipes Plugin 5.0 http://huntingandcooking.com/chicken-cordon-bleu-fancy-dutch-oven-dinner/ All photos copyright of huntingandcooking.com
Share This:
Roll out the red carpet Manhattan, hair salon's get your clippers ready, husband's hold onto your wives, New York Islanders – Pop your mouth guards in, Glasser is back and is looking for blood and a fresh new mullet. I am usually wrong 95% of the time pertaining to hockey talk and I know that, but I will give myself tons of pats on the back for this one. I was right, you were wrong, the majority of New York Ranger fans were wrong. I have stood my ground on this topic since the day we signed Tanner and I could not be more happy to announce that Glasser is on an Amtrak back from Hartford and on their way to Hoboken or wherever their league minimum contract lets them and their beautiful family call home, so they can help out a team that has been rolling over to guys like Daniel Winnik, Steve Ott, and pretty much anyone with half a nut.
They left their impressive 15 points in 57 games and their -3 plus minus rating in Hartford and is ready to transition back into their natural game as a defensive forward. I know what everyone says about tanner, I hear it, I understand it but you CANNOT disagree with the fact that the Rangers NEED them right now and have been lacking this physical element to their game since we ruined Dylan Mcilrath's life. If the Rangers want to make any sort of run in the playoffs, they need some jam in their game. I am so sick of listening to Derek Stepan's depressing post game interviews about how their effort is there and how they need to get their work boots on. SHUT UP DEREK, you have never owned a pair of work boots. Tanner Glass has a collection of steel toed boots in their basement and is ready to kick anyone and everyone in the face with them.
After watching our abysmal performance against Montreal Saturday night, I knew we needed a change. I watched Steve Ott who is (3-43-1) in professional fights, follow J.T. Miller around the ice for the final 30 seconds of the game begging for Miller to engage, Miller skated right off the ice. I watched Henrik Lundqvist get run over by Brendan Gallagher, which was promptly followed by Marc Staal bear hugging Gallagher with their gloves still on and then Gallagher countering Marc, by throwing Marc's face into the Garden ice. That just does not help the team Marc, it actually does the opposite. Marc looked like they just went 15 rounds with Mike Tyson after as well with that heavy breathing. Lets take some time to honor Marc and their courageous effort against Montreal.
Fast forward to Sunday and I wake up to the best news possible. Gorton answered my prayers from the night before. You could hear a pin drop at the Barclays Center when the tweet heard around the world popped up on everyone's news feed:
UT OH! No need to strap your work boots on Stepan, the Sheriff is back in town, Lord Stanley, here we come.
Glass Tribute Section:
Feeding Gleason a Glazed Donut
Just one punching everyone in the minors
Why does Strachan continue to ask for it?
Look at this heart Glass shows this shift: Absolutely eats a slap shot, gets up and skates away like a seasoned professional, circles around , Embarasses Andrew Nielsen in front of everyone. This is the shit we have been craving all season.
The video tribute could honestly go on and on forever. In Tanner, We Trust.
Advertisements
Geoengineering threatens to worsen droughts, starve millions
Paul Joseph Watson
Infowars.com
Tuesday, July 17, 2012
An experiment funded by Microsoft founder Bill Gates will see thousands of tonnes of sulphur particles sprayed over New Mexico as part of a geoengineering study, despite the fact that even staunch environmentalists have warned the process could have catastrophic effects on the earth's eco-system.
“David Keith, one of the investigators, has argued that solar geoengineering could be an inexpensive method to slow down global warming, but other scientists warn that it could have unpredictable, disastrous consequences for the Earth's weather systems and food supplies,” reports the Guardian.
“His US experiment, conducted with American James Anderson, will take place within a year and involve the release of tens or hundreds of kilograms of particles to measure the impacts on ozone chemistry, and to test ways to make sulphate aerosols the appropriate size. Since it is impossible to simulate the complexity of the stratosphere in a laboratory, Keith says the experiment will provide an opportunity to improve models of how the ozone layer could be altered by much larger-scale sulphate spraying.”
The Harvard University project, in which sun-reflecting particles will be sprayed from a balloon at an altitude of 80,000 feet above Fort Sumner, New Mexico, is being funded by Bill Gates, who earlier this year threw their financial muscle behind manipulating the earth's climate via geoengineering.
The risks involved in spraying the upper atmosphere with sulphur particles are so brazen that even environmentalists who support the human-made global warming mantra have sternly warned against it, such as Greenpeace's chief UK scientist Doug Parr, who slammed attempts to geoengineer the planet as “outlandish” and “dangerous”.
Indeed, the consequences could be devastating for poor people in the third world. Rutgers University meteorologist Alan Robock has, “created computer simulations indicating that sulfate clouds could potentially weaken the Asian and African summer monsoons, reducing rain that irrigates the food crops of billions of people.”
“Imagine if we triggered a drought and famine while trying to cool the planet,” Robock told a geoengineering conference in 2010.
Stephen Schneider of Stanford University, who proposed a bizarre plan to send spaceships into the upper atmosphere that would be used to block out the Sun, admits that geoengineering could cause “conflicts between nations if geoengineering projects go wrong.”
“Impacts include the potential for further damage to the ozone layer, and disruption of rainfall, particularly in tropical and subtropical regions – potentially threatening the food supplies of billions of people,” said Pat Mooney, executive director of the Canadian-based technology watchdog ETC Group. “It will do nothing to decrease levels of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere or halt ocean acidification. And solar geoengineering is likely to increase the risk of climate-related international conflict – given that the modelling to date shows it poses greater risks to the global south.”
Aside from the unknown dangers, what is known about what happens when the environment is loaded with sulphur dioxide is bad enough, since the compound is the main component of acid rain, which according to the EPA“Causes acidification of lakes and streams and contributes to the damage of trees at high elevations (for example, red spruce trees above 2,000 feet) and many sensitive forest soils. In addition, acid rain accelerates the decay of building materials and paints, including irreplaceable buildings, statues, and sculptures that are part of our nation's cultural heritage.”
The health effects of bombarding the skies with sulphur dioxide alone are enough to raise serious questions about whether such programs should even be allowed to proceed.
The following health effects are linked with exposure to sulphur.
– Neurological effects and behavioral changes
– Disturbance of blood circulation
– Heart damage
– Effects on eyes and eyesight
– Reproductive failure
– Damage to immune systems
– Stomach and gastrointestinal disorder
– Damage to liver and kidney functions
– Hearing defects
– Disturbance of the hormonal metabolism
– Dermatological effects
– Suffocation and lung embolism
According to the LennTech website, “Laboratory tests with test animals have indicated that sulfur can cause serious vascular damage in veins of the brains, the heart and the kidneys. These tests have also indicated that certain forms of sulfur can cause foetal damage and congenital effects. Mothers can even carry sulfur poisoning over to their children through mother milk. Finally, sulfur can damage the internal enzyme systems of animals.”
Even pro-geoengineering scientist Mark Watson, admits that injecting sulphur into the atmosphere could lead to “acid rain, ozone depletion or weather pattern disruption.”
Given the fact that Bill Gates is a member of a secret billionaire's club that meets to discuss the threat caused by overpopulation, many find it insidious that they are simultaneously funding projects which threaten to depopulate poor areas of the world by causing droughts which could potentially kill millions through starvation.
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor and writer for Prison Planet.com.  They are the author of Order Out Of Chaos. Watson is also a regular fill-in host for The Alex Jones Show and Infowars Nightly News.
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
In the past (as in 2004 hosting gig), Donald Trump's self-aggrandizing, blowhard, alpha-Capitalist shtick went down easier, especially as they floundered around on the show in the time-honored non-performer's manner. That Trump has always been a figure of fun, with everyone from Gary Trudeau, to Gremlins 2, to SNL itself finding their boorish, boundless self-regard a source of easy punchlines. That Trump 2.0 is not only a viable presidential candidate (for the moment), but has built their popularity at least partly on the strength of skillfully pandering to the most extreme fringes of the Republican party by saying things that are—to people not of that ilk—reprehensible, makes the fact that SNL has invited them back to host in the middle of an election season a referendum on Saturday Night Live's viability as a satirical enterprise.
Advertisement
If having Donald Trump host was a no-win situation for SNL, hosting SNL was a no-lose situation for Donald Trump. Even if the show managed to challenge them in any meaningful way—which it turns out, it did not—he'd have the national attention they wanted. If the show was a dreadful, toothless, dead-eyed slog—which it turned out very much to be—he'd be able to throw up their hands and talk about how they co-opted the show, and that those “17 year old writers” are just bad at their jobs. As I've said elsewhere, the chapter of the next edition of Live From New York that deals with this last month is going to be fascinating.
In the end, the episode was as inoffensive as the writers and Trump's advisors could make it—without being funny. Whatever their political views, viewers looking for a good episode of SNL didn't get one. Trump supporters can fob off their disappointment in the quality of the show on cast and writers, but only the most blinkered could deny that the candidate came off as stilted, bland, and unprepared in the very little screen time they were given. (Someone has calculated their total on-screen appearance at 12 minutes, which actually sounds a little high.) I'm trying to think of another host in SNL history who was so shielded during the course of their episode, and, given their leaden timing and lack of commitment in the live sketches they did appear in, even Trump fanatics must have been relieved at how little they were given to do. The “tweeting sketch” epitomized SNL's strategy—after introducing the sketch, Trump was represented only by the insulting tweets that popped up on the screen at the expense of the cast. (And if the argument is, “Well, he's running for president,” then it begs the question, “Why do it in the first place if you're not going to put forth the effort not to look bad?”)
For those offended by Donald Trump's loose-lipped political rhetoric, where “plain-dealing” is calculated to take the edge of blatant bigotry, sexism, and bullying mean-spiritedness at the expense of “losers,” “clowns,” “slobs,” women they don't find sexually attractive, immigrants, Muslims, and the like, the episode offered nothing but evidence that Lorne Michaels and the writers (Trump-mandated or not) were going to shrug off those concerns as perfunctorily as possible. In Trump's monologue, where, as expected, Taran Killam and cast-member-turned announcer Darrell Hammond flanked the host with their Trump impressions, there was a moment of genuine unease (from the audience and me) when someone shouted out, “Donald Trump's a racist!” But, like a later Weekend Update reference to the anti-Trump protests outside 30 Rock, acknowledgement substituted for an actual joke, the very fact of mentioning that there are people offended by the show's host checked off the list as “mission accomplished.” The fact that Trump non-fan Larry David was the one yelling (and making a joke of the proposed $5000 bounty from an activist group for any audience members who'd shout the phrase), if intended to defuse the tension, only succeeded in making the show (and David) look like they were belittling those incensed by Trump's controversial racial rhetoric (as, indeed, Trump themselves has done). And, since we were speaking of Update.
Advertisement
After the first third of the show revealed just how irrelevantly sycophantic the episode was going to be to the Republican front-runner (who was disavowed by NBC as recently as June), I recall thinking that, if the show were going to engage in any meaningful satire, or, indeed, do anything but allow Donald Trump to preen and brag for 90 minutes (minus commercials and two soporifically similar Sia songs), then the stand would be made there. Look, it's obvious that the guy reviewing this episode is not a fan of this particular host, but if Saturday Night Live is going to remain a player in televised political satire, then it has to take advantage of the opportunities it's presented. And having a front-running Republican candidate in their own house was the biggest opportunity the show would have to show it still meant… anything. Instead, apart from Michael Che—who looked like they would rather be anywhere else, to their credit—jabbing Trump's history as a “birther,” and a line about conservatives longing for “the good old days” which predated any and all civil rights reforms, Weekend Update was essentially a checklist of Trump targets. Ben Carson slams—four. Jeb Bush slams—two. President Obama slam, China slam, Iran slam—one each (plus a stereotypical “Asians are good at math” extra credit joke for good measure). Tina Fey has talked about their disdain for perhaps-even-worse SNL host Paris Hilton's desire to use the show to make fun of their “enemies,” and it's like Trump (and their people) presented the writers with a similar checklist of targets to pick from. (Notably absent from that list—Donald Trump.)
Drunk Uncle's appearance could be construed as an indictment of the “typical” Trump supporter, as Bobby Moynihan's ever-sloshed, always right-wing correspondent expressed their admiration (and weeping affection) for the candidate. Except that, with the way the show was going, Drunk Uncle's signature satire of that asshole relative who persists in “just saying what everyone else is thinking” precisely mirrored the Trump oratorial style that the Drunk Uncles of the land are so attracted to. In the midst of a show where even the well-behaved, heavily-policed audience politely applauded at the appropriate times, Drunk Uncle looking into the camera and bellowing, “Her name is Bruce!” elicited gasps and uncomfortable titters at best. When Trump's in the house, Drunk Uncle doesn't seem so easy to laugh at.
The idea of just who the episode was playing to permeate the show, rendering jokes that might have seemed merely “edgy” or button-pushing under normal circumstances with an uncomfortable frisson of what caused Dave Chappelle to leave their sketch show, and Chris Rock to stop doing that one bit that Michael Scott was so fond of. When Leslie Jones does their usual schtick of comically lusting after Colin Jost (a “tall glass of egg whites” tonight), and relating their romantic troubles, it succeeds as a brash, personal expression of Jones' “I don't care what you think of me” comic persona. Playing in tonight's environment, it's hard to divorce it from the things Trump has said and the racially charged atmosphere their words have created. Similarly, when Michael Che, in one of those Ben Carson jokes, says of Carson's shifting tales of youthful violence, “He's the first black man in history to ever turn down an alibi,” it just sounded—different. If Trump is attracting support by playing on white America's fears and prejudices (which they unequivocally are), and SNL leaves that fact unaddressed and echoing hollowly through the sketches surrounding him, then the tone of the show is going to turn sour—and ugly.
Advertisement
Apart from the choice of host, by purely comedic standards, this episode was an unalloyed disaster as well. The Democratic forum cold open brought back Kate McKinnon's Hillary Clinton and Larry David's “eccentric uncle,” Bernie Sanders (with a perfunctory drop-by from afterthought candidate Martin O'Malley), but the tension in the studio did the sketch no favors, even though the two performers (and Cecily Strong's on-point Rachel Maddow) were as reliably funny as ever. There's no real bite to the show's take on these candidates, either (Hillary is a socially awkward political opportunist, Bernie is cranky and unelectable, and very Larry David-ish)—in fact the biggest surprise all night was that David agreed to be on the show (something they looked decidedly conflicted about during the goodnights). But that over-long cold open was the only remotely passable sketch of the night. The three(!) filmed pieces, too, were part of the “hide Trump strategy,” giving the host a brief walk-on in two of them, and, while hardly the show's best, they at least could be counted on to take viewers away from the studio, where the uncertainty about both Trump's performances and the very real possibility of someone disrupting the show sucked the life out the already-lifeless material.
Trump's showpiece sketch—a fantasy of their first term, where every Trump talking point has come to pass with gleeful ease—was excruciating to watch, as the cast waited uncomfortably for Trump (and visiting daughter Ivanka, as bad as their dad) to pick up the pace and hit their cues, and the parade of conservative wish-fulfillment (including Trump's dream wall with Mexico, paid for by Beck Bennett's groveling Mexican president) grew more and more distastefully like something Trump's speechwriters came up with. The payoff, with Trump revealing straight to camera that it was all a fantasy, was intended to soften the pandering. It didn't. The other major Trump sketch—where their “laser harp” player became incensed by their bar band's self-indulgent solos, was the worst sketch of the young season, with Trump's be-caped musician blowing more cues and simply taking up space before the thing blessedly dribbled to a close. Trump's not an actor, sure, but they certainly didn't try to be. Their other bit—being annoyed by, and threatening to shoot, Kenan Thompson's lead singer of Toots and the Maytalls (musical guest during Trump's 2004 hosting gig)—was an inexplicable embarrassment, but at least it was shorter. And Trump got to assure their supporters that they carry a handgun in order to shoot black men who won't leave them alone.
Look, no one was going to be happy here. The political discourse surrounding this election is so entrenched and without nuance that the response to this episode will undoubtedly be strident and abusive, no matter where it comes from. (Let me show you the folder of messages I've gotten in response to the article I wrote about the upcoming show sometime.) The chances of this doomed pairing of host and show was, well, doomed, from the moment it was announced. But neither Trump nor the people at SNL rose to the challenge of presenting something thoughtful, or entertaining, or even just plain funny. Given an opportunity to express themselves in what, I maintain, is still one of the most unique, excitingly risky live TV shows of all time, neither camp raised the level of public debate, made a single memorable joke, or did anything but confirm my worst fears about what this show would be. Tonight's episode was bad satire, bad comedy, bad TV. SNL isn't great political comedy—it swings and misses more often than not, mainly because it doesn't commit to the swing. But when it connects, it still has some power. An episode like this isn't just failing to suit up. It's throwing the game.
Advertisement
Stray observations
SNL Vintage report: Good ol' Buck Henry's 1976 appearance was a solid episode, especially memorable for being the time when John Belushi nicked Buck Henry's head with their samurai sword. Henry, speaking of the running gag where the cast started appearing throughout the rest of the show with bandages on their bodies in solidarity, pointed to that as one of their favorite reminders both that the show truly is live, as that, being so, it had the opportunity to do such things on the fly. But the choice of this particular episode is most interesting in juxtaposition to the Trump episode that followed because it contains one of the show's most straightforward political statements ever, as Chevy Chase (on their last episode as cast member), purporting to introduce Jimmy Carter's latest campaign ad, tossed instead to Gerald Ford's speech in which they pardoned Richard Nixon for their crimes. On the eve of a presidential election, it was SNL going for blood.
Life Of Pi is a film that I had absolutely no pre-conceived notions of heading into my first viewing. I hadn't seen one piece of advertising material going into this outside of knowing that it had won four awards (Best Achievement In Directing, Best Achievement In Cinematography, Best Achievement In Music For Motion Pictures/Original Score, and Best Achievement In Visual Effects) during the 2013 Academy Awards; I truly didn't know what I was getting myself into. This film tells us the story of a young man who is subjected to and survives a disaster while at sea and is forced to endure an epic journey of adventure and overall self-discovery.
Directed by Ang Lee (Hulk (2003), Brokeback Mountain, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon) and starring Suraj Sharma and Irrfan Khan as the lead character, Pi Patel. We endure a variety of hardships like the common everyday things that teenagers go through; whether it be the stress of having feelings for a girl or your parents deciding that your family is moving to rather traumatic disasters which is this films pivotal point causing us to then begin our journey with Pi.
The Movie Itself (5/5):
Life Of Pi was an absolutely fantastic experience. I attribute much of my enjoyment of this film to the fact that I went into it blindly. Not only do we watch the young Pi fight to survive the elements, but we see them go through the mental strife that comes with being stuck in a castaway situation. As we progress through the storyline, we see Pi mature very quickly for someone their age; especially for someone who is stuck in that kind of situation.
I decided to give this film a 5 out of 5 because I was genuinely surprised with how good this movie was and the story it presented was. Not knowing what to expect when starting this movie, I found myself in a position where I couldn't take my eyes away from the screen because I wanted to see what was going to happen next. With having a fantastic storyline coupled with unspeakable visual effects, this movie is definitely one that is worth checking out!
Picture Quality (5/5):
Presented in the stunning 2160p with HDR, I was left absolutely speechless when I watched this film. While the movie itself isn't a “True 4K” film as it was shot in 2.8K, rendered in 2K and has a 2K Digital Intermediate, this film was absolutely beautiful. The inclusion of High Dynamic Range for this made this experience worth every penny. The imagery that Life Of Pi gives us was crisp, clear and blatantly beautiful.
As we moved through the story line, everything felt as if it were real and right there in front of me; with one exception; the exotic animals. While this film features a tiger for the majority of its progress, it was very easy to spot that this animal was simply a CGI effect. UHD titles offer suffer from some CGI rendering issues because computer animation is rendered at 2K, so when dropped into a higher resolution backdrop, the CGI effects often stand out in a negative fashion.
However, with that minor detail taken into consideration, I was still stunned at the quality of the image. One notable scene was the one taking place at night involving the notorious whale jump. The use of lighting in this shot was just gorgeous.
Audio Quality (4/5):
I decided to knock a point off of the audio score on this as Life Of Pi is one film that surprisingly that doesn't include a Dolby Atmos track. While the main track is a DTS-HD 7.1 track, I feel that this film could have done much better with the UHD format had it included the Atmos technology.
However, the overall experience on this film with its DTS-HD 7.1 track was still a really great experience. The audio of this film was really clear, but I couldn't help but find myself wondering if other things were left out or meant to be more immersive than a 7.1 track can allow. Atmos may not have been an option for this release, but Fox does have a partnership with Dolby (as seen on the Deadpool UHD), and thus is it disappointing to upgrade to a UHD title and not have the audio match with the future of video.
Packaging and Special Features (3.5/5):
The UHD release of Life Of Pi falls in line with every other UHD release I've picked up so far. Including your standard contents:
Life Of Pi 4K UHD Blu-ray Life Of Pi Blu-ray Lief Of Pii Ultraviolet Redemption Pamphlet
Unfortunately, the UHD Disc does not contain any special features. All special features are available on the included Blu-ray disc, as follows:
A Filmmaker's Epic Journey A Remarkable Vision Tiger, Tiger Burning Bright Art Gallery Storyboards
Technical Specs:
Video
Codec: HEVC / H.265
Resolution: 4K (2160p)
Aspect Ratio: 1.85:1
Original Aspect Ratio: 1.85:1
Audio
English: DTS-HD Master Audio 7.1
Spanish: Dolby Digital 5.1
French: DTS 5.1
Danish: Dolby Digital 5.1
Dutch: DTS 5.1
Finnish: Dolby Digital 5.1
German: DTS 5.1
Italian: DTS 5.1
Norwegian: Dolby Digital 5.1
Swedish: Dolby Digital 5.1
Note: The English Dolby Digital 5.1 track is the track that includes descriptive audio.
Subtitles
English SDH, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, Norwegian, Swedish
Final Thoughts:
Generally speaking, I was very pleased with my decision to purchase Life Of Pi on UHD. The storyline was extremely enthralling, the audio presentation was really well done and the video presentation was simply beyond words beautiful, especially if you have an HDR-capable 4K TV. If you enjoy sitting down to a dramatic adventure movie, then Life Of Pi is definitely one that's worth checking out. If you're already setup with the complete 4K technology for your home theater, I would definitely recommend this as one to pick up!
[paypal_donation_button]
My first experience with death was when my paternal grandfather passed. But I wasn't close to my dad growing up, so I hadn't seen my grandfather since I was really young. My second experience was when my maternal grandmother passed. They were instrumental in raising me, so their death hit me pretty hard.
Before they died in 2015, we believed our family was invincible. Death was a foreign concept to us. But after their passing, everything changed. I went from being unacquainted with death to seeing it often. In less than two years after my grandmother's death, I lost my great aunt, two friends, and, most recently, my aunt. My aunt's passing came unexpectedly, but I was fortunate enough to spend significant time with them in their last days.
That was a first for me. I'd never held the hand of a dying person before, and it was painful to see them so different from their usual vibrancy. However, the experience brought me some understanding of death. While I'm far from a pro at handling death, I'm not as terrified as before. Dealing with loss is hard, but there are ways to grieve for your loved ones in a healthy way.
Constance Siegel, Licensed Master Social Worker (LMSW) and lead assessment coordinator at Mayhill Hospital, assesses incoming emergency room clients and determines whether they'd be best assisted with inpatient or outpatient programs. According to her, most people actually neglect the grieving process, which can make it more difficult to cope.
“Grief is a process. It comes in stages. There may be a denial, there may be anger, and these feelings may come separately or all at once. But, death is a process before the acceptance comes.”
This is something I've learned firsthand and over time. Although death is no welcome friend, I know that I must grieve. These are the ways I've learned to better cope with death.
1. Take your time to mourn
It always takes a while for me to accept that loved ones are gone. It's been less than two weeks since my aunt's passing, and it hasn't fully set in. I now know this is perfectly OK.
“Grief has a variety of variables including age, duration of the relationship, and the type of death (traumatic, natural, sudden, etc.) that play into how one processes death,” says Siegel.
In other words, we all face different circumstances with loss, so it makes sense that we take different amounts of time.
For me, I eliminate some stress by not setting a time expectation for “acceptance.” Death is scary because it's surrounded by mystery. It's helpful not to put a time limit when you find yourself dealing with a loss.
2. Remember how the person impacted your life
When my aunt and grandmother passed, I took comfort in knowing they had shaped the person I am. Growing up, I spent weeks at a time at my grandmother's house, and many of my views on the world come from those interactions. But most importantly, they taught me to believe in myself. My aunt inspired me to see the world and always emphasized the importance of nutrition. I have so many memories with each of them, and I know they played huge roles in shaping my identity.
As cliché as it sounds, I believe my loved ones live on within me. I'm grateful for their influence and know that I have the opportunity to pass their messages to my son so they'll live on in them as well. Remembering this lifelong impact they've had on my life gives me something positive to focus on in times of grief. I can't bring my loved ones back, but they'll never truly leave me. Knowing this is comforting.
3. Have a funeral that speaks to their personality
When we picked my aunt's final outfit, we chose a beautiful pale pink dress. It was bright and beautiful like they are. Those of us closest to them refused to wear black to their funeral. At first, we felt like we were breaking some unwritten rule. But we knew that someone as vibrant and carefree as they were deserved utmost beauty at their service. Nearly every remark that day was one of humor instead of sadness because they were a person who loved to laugh. Everything about their funeral, from the decor to the venue, honored their memory. It comforted our family to know that their service aligned so well with their core values.
4. Continue their legacy
Living a life that furthers the missions of your loved ones is a wonderful way to honor them. Both my aunt and my grandmother believed education was important — particularly for women. So when I was in school, I worked hard for myself and for them. In adulthood, I learned that my aunt was cultured from traveling the world. Now that she's passed, I plan to continue their love of travel and see many of the places they saw, plus some they didn't. I believe there's no better way to understand a loved one than to live some of their experiences. So, I plan to do just that.
5. Continue to speak to them and about them
“Talk about the loved one, how much you miss them, and your good memories of that person,” advises Siegel.
Just because we can't see our loved ones after they've died, doesn't mean we can't speak to them. When my grandmother passed, I continued speaking to them When I'm confused or just plain overwhelmed, it makes me feel better to talk to them There are many belief systems that emphasize the importance of communicating with your ancestors, and it's a lot less strange than it might sound. I even wear a few of their clothes when I feel especially down. Siegel says practices like these are the right idea.
“I don't suggest rushing through getting rid of your loved one's belongings. Take your time to process, so you don't inadvertently give away something you may wish you had later.”
While my grandmother may not respond, I know she's always with me. And I believe she's still guiding my steps.
6. Know when to get help
Coping with loss can be challenging. It may take a while, but we learn to adjust to reality without our departed loved ones. Allowing yourself time to heal is one of the most important steps. Know the signs that you need help. For those with a history of depression, the grieving process may be more challenging.
“If a person had depression before a loved one passes, they're more likely to experience ‘complicated bereavement.' This was removed from the last Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, but once embolizing grief goes more than six months, it truly is depression,” says Siegel.
Some may even experience depression for the first time after a loved one passes. If you need help, reach out to friends, family, or professionals who can provide you with options. There's no shame in getting the assistance you need. You simply need to ask for it.
Takeaway
Truthfully, death will continue to be a presence in my life, as it will be in yours. Losing someone will always be painful, but I know that it can get easier over time. I've learned to grieve without avoidance, and this is how I cope with death in the healthiest way I know how.
What advice do you have for accepting death? Please share with me in the comments below.
Rochaun Meadows-Fernandez is a freelance writer specializing in health, sociology, and parenting. They spend their time reading, loving on their family, and studying society. Follow their articles on their writer's page.
The patch notes for the highly anticipated first update to Pokkén Tournament DX have been official released! With this patch, trainers will now be able to enjoy the new Team Battle mode in online friendlies, online group matches and even in LAN mode - which opens up the possibility of 3v3 brackets at future offline events.
Additionally the recording feature in training mode will also come with this patch, allowing trainers to properly study countermeasures against moves and situations that cause them trouble.
While no new major gameplay or balance updates have been noted, there are various bug fixes across the board for certain Pokémon.
The Pokémon bug fixes have been translated by Pentao
The patch is said to arrive Mid-November
For the official Japanese release of the patch notes, see here
A link to the official English release of the notes will be provided when available.
The Starbucks planned at 4151 N. Cicero Ave. would include an outdoor patio and a "public space" with benches. View Full Caption Norr
PORTAGE PARK — After months of debate, two separate proposals to build Starbucks coffee shops with drive-thrus in Portage Park are expected to get the green light for construction on Friday.
The first coffee shop due for consideration by the Zoning Board of Appeals would be built at 4151 N. Cicero Ave., at the northern edge of the Six Corners Shopping District.
Planned in the former satellite parking lot for the now-closed Family Fruit Market, the shop would a single driveway for cars to enter the property from Berteau Avenue. An outdoor "public space" with benches would face Cicero Avenue, alongside a patio with room for more than a dozen tables, according to the site plan.
Developer Baum Revision intends to plant 13 new trees on the property, along with "extensive vegetative screening" to separate the drive-thru lane from a cluster of single-family homes just east of the site, according to Owen Brugh, the chief of staff for Ald. John Arena (45th).
Arena had asked the developer to include the outdoor pedestrian areas as a condition for their support of the required zoning permit, Brugh said in March. The alderman hopes the patio can be a canvas for a "public art feature," they added.
A plan released by the architect for the project includes "suspended artwork" and a large sculpture.
Meanwhile, one mile west of Six Corners at the intersection of Irving Park Road and Central Avenue, a proposal to fill a long-vacant lot with a Starbucks and a 7,245-square-foot office building is poised to overcome a drumbeat of neighbors' complaints to win the board's approval on Friday.
The project had been set for approval at last month's meeting, but the developer decided to delay the hearing to give city transportation officials more time to study the buildings' potential impact on traffic, according to Ald. Nicholas Sposato (38th).
Since unveiling the plan last year, developer Sumac has faced continued resistance from members of the Portage Park Neighborhood Association, who say the project would pose a traffic safety risk by inviting drivers to make left turns off of two busy thoroughfares.
Association president Patricia Conroy said at a Monday night meeting the group is still collecting letters of opposition, which it plans to deliver to the board.
Owners of nearby coffee shops Portage Grounds and Perkolator Cafe have also raised alarms that the international chain's arrival could drive their independent shops out of business.
But multiple other groups, like the Portage Park Chamber of Commerce and the West Portage Park Neighbors Association, have been equally steadfast in their support for the proposal.
The West Portage Park Neighbors claimed credit last month for getting Sumac to agree to erect "no-left-turn" signs at the property exits, writing in an April 14 Facebook post that the promise "hopefully ... puts this issue finally to rest."
The commercial building and coffee shop would be built on a vacant lot at the corner of Irving Park Road and Central Avenue. [DNAinfo/Alex Nitkin]
The plan marks a 7,245 square-foot "commercial building" with a smaller "coffee shop with drivethru" next door. [Sumac]
David Heinemeier Hansson and Julien Canal will complete Rebellion Racing's lineup in the FIA World Endurance Championship, the Anglo-Swiss squad confirmed Monday.
Heinemeier Hansson, a former GTE-Am World Champion, will join the previously announced Mathias Beche and Nelson Piquet Jr. in the team's No. 13 Oreca 07 Gibson, with 2015 LMP2 champion Canal set for the No. 31 car with Nicolas Prost and Bruno Senna.
Both newly signed drivers fulfill the WEC's Bronze/Silver-driver requirement for the LMP2 class.
The Dane returns to LMP2 after a one-year stint in the GTE-Am class with Abu Dhabi Proton Racing, where they finished runner-up in the 2016 championship. Heinemeier Hansson boasts previous P2 experience in 2012-13 and 2015.
“Since I started racing at a top level, Rebellion Racing has stood at the pinnacle of the privateer tradition with pace, style, and a determination to see things through,” Heinemeier Hansson said.
“I couldn't wish for a better team to begin my fifth full season in the FIA WEC and my sixth crack at the 24 hours of Le Mans.
“The competition is tougher than ever in LMP2, the cars are more exciting than ever, and together we will be ready as a team.”
Canal, meanwhile, returns to the WEC after a one-year stint in the European Le Mans Series with Greaves Motorsport in a Ligier JS P2 Nissan.
“After winning the FIA WEC LMP2 [championship] in 2015, my desire to return to this championship was very high and I wanted to come back with a strong team, a team with the will to win and positive vibe,” they said.
“I cannot wait to drive the new Oreca 07 LMP2 car. I know Bruno Senna, we get on very well, and with Nico our friendly relationship goes back for many years, I'm looking forward to sharing this car with them both.”
Team manager Bart Hayden added: “We are looking forward to a great season of racing in 2017 in the FIA World Endurance Championship and in June we hope to have another strong showing at Le Mans.
“We are fortunate to benefit from a talented and experienced pool of drivers again this year. I'm convinced that they will all do a great job and work well together.”
The team will kick off its 2017 campaign in the Rolex 24 at Daytona with a single Oreca Gibson for Neel Jani, Stephane Sarrazin, Sebastien Buemi and Nick Heidfeld.
Angela Merkel is facing a fresh rebellion over their refugee policy, with more than 40 politicians from their Christian Democrat party reportedly signing a petition to close Germany's borders to asylum seekers.
The rebels plan to call for a vote on the proposal at the next party meeting on January 26.
Mrs Merkel has come under intense pressure to change their “open-door” refugee policy since it emerged that asylum seekers were among the suspects in the New Year's Eve sex attacks in Cologne.
More than 650 women have now come forward to file criminal complaints over the attacks, around 45 per cent of them for sexual assault.
“If so many of our party speak out in favour of partial refusal at the border, we should all be able to vote on it,” Christian von Stetten, one of the MPs behind the move, told Bild newspaper.
The MPs' petition calls for the border to be closed to asylum seekers “who wish to enter Germany illegally via a safe third country”.
In practice this would include almost all asylum seekers, as under the EU's controversial Dublin rules refugees must claim asylum in the first member state they reach.
Germany is already turning away hundreds of migrants a day at its border with Austria under the rules because they want to travel through the country to claim asylum in Denmark or Sweden.
"If so many of our party speak out in favour of partial refusal at the border, we should all be able to vote on it" Christian von Stetten
But thousands more who say they want to claim asylum in Germany are still allowed to enter despite crossing through other EU member states.
Mrs Merkel appeared to have seen off a rebellion with a triumphant speech at their party conference last month, in which they cast their decision to open Germany's borders to refugees as a temporary crisis measure and pledged to reduce the numbers significantly.
But the Cologne attacks have reopened the debate and left them looking more isolated than ever.
Peter Tauber, the party's general secretary, on Wednesday called for Germany's states to deport 1,000 rejected asylum seekers a day.
Their call came after it emerged that some of the suspects in the Cologne attacks were migrants whose asylum claims had been rejected, but had remained in Germany.
Currently the German authorities reject around 50 per cent of the 2,000 asylum claims they process each day. But the number who are actually deported is far lower.
“If one in two asylum claims is rejected on average, then the states have a duty to deport 1,000 rejected asylum seekers a day,” Mr Tauber told the Rheinische Post newspaper.
Photo: Warren Allott/The Telegraph
Last year, Germany was only able to deport around 30 per cent of rejected asylum seekers. By the end of November, only 18,363 had been deported.
Under German law, asylum seekers cannot be deported to countries where their lives may be in danger, such as Syria.
Many migrants destroy their passports in order to claim they are from Syria, making it hard to determine where they are from. Some countries refuse to accept the return of their citizens.
The mood in the party is “tense”, Mr Tauber said.
“There are many questions, and a clear expectation that we move forward. We're working on it.”
But they defended Mrs Merkel's refugee policy.
“It is still right that we should deal with this great challenge, but of course it can't go on forever. That's why we're working to reduce the number of refugees noticeably,” they said.
“Hundreds of thousands accept the help gratefully, learn German and want to integrate. For those who don't take that opportunity, the message is: ‘You can't stay here'.”
SCP-2815
SCP-2815
Threat Level: Green ●
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2815 is to be monitored on a 24-hour basis by members of MTF Epsilon-6 “Village Idiots” . Task force agents are to periodically make visits to the village variously disguised as government and county officials, law enforcement officers, tourists, researchers, construction workers and out-of-town service personnel. Agent Balogh is to infiltrate SCP-2815 via initiating a romantic relationship with an instance of SCP-2815-1 (designated SCP-2815-1-A), with the aim of marrying into the family, producing offspring and (unless posing significant danger to containment) be officially inducted into the community. Agent Balogh is then to record and/or document any anomalous or otherwise suspicious activity via any means possible and transfer the data to Foundation researchers for analysis and study. Agents Hegedüs, Kolompár and Lakatos are to make contact and attain a working level of trust with the local Roma community, whereupon they will be co-opted into surveillance operations.
REVISION (24/06/2016): As SCP-2815 has proven to be largely self-containing, focus will shift to monitoring any activity by and limiting the influence of GOI-0385 within the village of ███ and Heves county as a whole. This task is delegated to MTF Psi-13 "Witch Hunters" , due to their infiltrators already being established within GOI-0385 for surveillance. The new primary goal is to prevent the radicalization of SCP-2815 by GOI-0385. Data sharing between relevant Epsilon-6 and Psi-13 detachments to facilitate containment has been approved and mandated by the O5 Council.
REVISION (13/12/2016): Following data gained from Expedition Ψ13-2815-1612-1, MTF Epsilon-6 is to observe all harvests made by SCP-2815 and track all shipments of produce and medical supplies originating from ███. Requisitions for specimens for research purposes can be made with either Head Researcher Dr. Hidegkúti Lajos or ranking Sitra Achra personnel. Acquisition of specimens is to be made by Epsilon-6 plainclothes operatives under the guise of ordinary customers. Additional funds, materials and manpower is to be made available to the local Epsilon-6 detachment in order to achieve these goals.
Entrance to the village of ███, home of SCP-2815.
Description: SCP-2815 designates an anomalous, endogamous community comprising the majority of the inhabitants of the village of ███, Heves county, Hungary. Of the village's 367 inhabitants (95% Hungarian, 5% Roma), about 80% are genetically related, belonging to one large extended family sharing the surname '████' or '████'. Only the local Roma community and a few other Hungarian households lack genetic relations to the ████ family. Identity within SCP-2815 is strongly linked to the idea of shared ancestry. Kinship ties are reinforced by having members of SCP-2815 interbreed with distant relatives in order to maintain a more closely related community, in accordance with their beliefs. Heavy restrictions are placed on exogamous unions, with only one such union allowed every fifth generation for any given bloodline. Community members (henceforth referred to as SCP-2815-1) possess an ability to intuitively and accurately determine the degree of inbreeding among one another, which is used to define social position according to perceived genetic purity.
Very few instances of SCP-2815-1 (fewer than 3%) have been shown to possess non-debilitating physical deformities. These individuals do, however, seem to play prominent roles in the spiritual life of SCP-2815. Though outwardly portraying themselves as moderately devout Roman Catholics, investigations have revealed the community to be practising a religion derived from Hungarian paganism displaying a high degree of syncretism with a heterodox variety of Sarkicism . The few members displaying physical deformities (commonly polydactyly, severe hyperdontia, caudal appendage, heterochromia, albinism) are given the status of táltos (henceforth referred to as SCP-2815-2), a role for which they begin training as early as the age of five or six, in accordance with Hungarian pagan tradition.
Belief in the efficacy of magical rituals is widespread and reinforced by SCP-2815-2 instances' ritual display of anomalous abilities, which play a central role in many rituals. These abilities are widely believed by SCP-2815 to be directly tied to their physical deformities and have been shown to include remote viewing, retrocognition, limited precognition, fleshcrafting, anomalous healing, sensory and emotional projection, conversion of bodily fluids to gaseous or solid states as well as remote control of horses. The main application of these abilities seem to be as a form of alternative medicine. Religious practices include a mixture of Hungarian pagan and common Sarkic rites and rituals, and while it has never been observed, there have been mentions of slow slicing .
+ Display contextual information - Hide contextual information SCP-2815 instances display a surprisingly low rate of physical deformities and other birth defects otherwise associated with inbreeding, despite the fact that most families have been continuously endogamous for over a century. In fact, the population is shown to be uncommonly healthy, a fact that has attracted the attention of the scientific community. Several studies have been published on the subject by geneticists, most of which were performed by the prolific Hungarian anthropologist Nemeskéri János . The cause behind this incoherence is believed to be anomalous in nature. Cosmologically, SCP-2815 believe the world to be divided into three realms: the Upper Realm being the abode of Isten and good spirits, believed responsible for rain, sunlight, luck and other positive attributes; the Nether Realm, residence of Ördög, a malignant deity who issues challenges to humans in the form of pests, diseases, war and disasters as a form of winnowing; and the Middle world, where humans reside. These two deities created the world in unison. Theological focus centres around subverting the suffering caused by Ördög for the benefit of human beings, turning the Middle Realm into a paradise. Sermons reference a "Grand Karcist Ion", considered their prophet, whom SCP-2815 aim to reincarnate through selective breeding, believing that they will ultimately usher in an era of health and harmony through teaching humanity how to "embrace the healing sicknesses". Rituals and sermons are held in an, as of yet, undeciphered language. This language has been identified by Foundation linguists as ostensibly Uralic with prominent Finnic features, a Hungarian substrate and elements from an unknown language that our linguists have given the provisional name “glossacháos”. The name of this faith among its adherents has been recorded as az Éh or sometimes Nyelke . Foundation linguists have therefore dubbed the language Eehish. This language has been identified to be nearly identical to that spoken within the Hungarian-based Esoteric Order of the White Worm (GOI-0385). This would link SCP-2815 to both GOI-0385 and the numerous isolated proto-Sarkic communities in the Carpathian Mountains, suggesting a common origin among the Solomonari cults of medieval Hungary.
Of particular note is the rite of passage into adulthood, which is performed at 23 for female and 26 for male individuals, while intersex individuals, on account of being considered SCP-2815-2 instances, receive theirs after the first sign of puberty. It centres around the consumption (read: swallowing) or implantation of an external organ or biological organism referred to by adherents as 'aklóca' and by clergy as 'akolossz' . These have been identified by Foundation experts as instances of SK-BIO Type Z . It is presumed that this organ is what allows SCP-2815-1 instances to sense and determine the “purity” of one another.
+ INFORMATION RESTRICTED TO LEVEL 3 PERSONNEL AND ABOVE - LEVEL 3 CLEARANCE VERIFIED. ACCESS GRANTED A notable difference lies in the initiation ritual for SCP-2815-2 instances, for which the SK-BIO Type Z is grown inside a horse. The horse is then ritually slaughtered, removing most internal organs including the notably deviant Type Z specimen, which are then consumed by SCP-2815-2. Afterwards, the horse's wounds are sewn shut. Finally, SCP-2815-2 places one hand on it and maintains that position for approximately 10 minutes, after which the horse reanimates. This horse will then follow SCP-2815-2 around for the rest of the latter's life, claimed by SCP-2815 to aid it in its rituals . These horses are designated SCP-2815-3 and appear to work as extensions of their specific instances of SCP-2815-2. SCP-2815-3 instances have been observed to consume organic matter, specifically animal tissue, which they later regurgitate as a viscous organic substance (designated SCP-2815-4) similar in form and composition to that recorded in SCP-2217 (Incident 2217-14). SCP-2815-4 has been observed being used by SCP-2815-2 to treat injuries and repair damage to buildings and other inanimate objects. This is accomplished by SCP-2815-2 transmuting it into the desired material. As explained by one instance of SCP-2815-2, a limitation of SCP-2815-4 is that any given instance can only be transmuted into one substance. Agent Balogh was discreetly able to obtain a small sample of SCP-2815-4. Sample was subsequently delivered to Site-66 for further analysis. The tests performed at Site-66 returned results showing the tissue to be saturated with N,N-Dimethyltryptamine (N,N-DMT) , presumed to be a product of the local divergent SK-BIO Type Z grown inside SCP-2815-3. It is assumed that the N,N-DMT serves a similar purpose as it has in SCP-2480: revealing anomalously hidden features that are invisible to the naked eye or mundane recording equipment. Samples taken from SCP-2815-1-A (saliva, hair, nails, skin, blood) have not yielded any traces of N,N-DMT, confirming that this is a property unique to SCP-2815-2. Addendum-1: On 13/05/2015, Agent Balogh recorded the following part of a sermon preceding a cannibalistic funeral rite: “Tehát vegyük magunkba szeretett társunkat,
Együk húsát, igyuk vérét,
Hogy velünk maradhasson időnk végéig.
Ezt tanította nekünk Jan nagykarcista ,
Kit megviselt egy elviselhetetlen erő,
Ki látta a számtalan holt világot,
És maga a halált meggyilkolta,
Ki megolvasta teremtőnk beleit,
És az örökkévalóságot kitárva megpillantotta.
Tudjuk, hogy közeledik mennyországunk,
Amit csakis saját húsunkból szülhetünk meg.” The sermon was followed by the consumption of the deceased instance, designated SCP-2815-1B. Agent Balogh was politely denied from participating on account of them lacking an SK-BIO Type Z, though they were allowed to remain and observe. Following the conclusion of the ceremony, Balogh reported noticing gradual behavioural changes in their partner, Ivády ███████ (SCP-2815-1A), which intensified over the course of the following three days. The changes, though minor, were noticeably similar to those of SCP-2815-1B, the deceased instance which it had consumed. SCP-2815-1A has since been reported recounting memories specific to SCP-2815-1B. The exact number and extent of these memories is unknown, but presumed to be limited. According to SCP-2815-1A (as relayed by Agent Balogh), the purpose of the inbreeding practice is to "distill" the gene pool by weeding out non-Sarkic ("non-ancestral") material and increasing its "ancestral purity". Incestuous procreation and funerary endocannibalism are both believed to contribute to this. SCP-2815 believes the end result to be an individual pure enough that it would constitute an Earthly reincarnation of their prophet, Grand Karcist Ion, who would then unite all of humanity and usher in a Golden Age. Were it to succeed, it would at best cause an SK-Class Dominance Shift scenario (following the ████ narrative), and at worst a XK-Class End-of-the-World scenario (following mainstream Sarkic narratives). Due to the deviant nature of SCP-2815 and its beliefs from other Sarkic groups, the likelihood of such an event remains in doubt and is considered implausible.
Shakespeare knew what they were doing, which is why, when they penned the first lines of Mark Antony's most famous speech from Julius Ceaser, they didn't write "friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your eyeballs," which leaves it to me to make that demand. Come on now, your eyeballs, please. All of them.
I'll use them well, I promise. Let me just gather them all up in arms, like so, and saunter into the depths of this post, where four new screenshots for the tremendously exciting Total War: Rome 2 await, showing a bit of close combat and some epic snapshots of the Battle of Carthage.
For more on Rome 2, here are our video interviews with Creative Assembly with details on Rome 2's battles and campaign game , and here's lead designer James Russell on ancient warfare, modding, DLC and the importance of building community . You may also want to check out the live action announcement trailer , which sets the scene quite nicely, except hang on a minute, let me give you these eyeballs back.
Hints of the housing market's undoing can be found in the questions being asked by a 26-year-old, recently graduated, money-saving virtuoso we'll call Steve.
Heard about all the struggling members of Generation Y who wonder how they'll ever afford a house? Steve's not one of them. They graduated with an engineering degree in 2012, landed a full-time job several months later and has been saving aggressively.
Now, he's thinking about home ownership. They wonder, is it wise for a young person like themselves to buy now, or is the market headed for a fall as baby boomers unload their family homes? "I'm curious who they think is going to buy their houses at the prices they expect to get," Steve said.
Story continues below advertisement
Steve, who lives in Mississauga, has done all the right things financially. They worked and saved hard in their student years and, with help from their parents, they graduated from university with no debts other than a small balance of a few hundred dollars on their credit card.
"I'm very fortunate in my situation," they said. "But I feel like I'm a bit of an outlier. How many young people out there are swimming in debt and can't even start saving up for a house down payment until their mid-30s?"
Here's what we know about the struggles of Gen Y. The number of people aged 20 to 29 who are living with their parents hit 42.3 per cent in the 2011 census, up from 27 per cent in 1981. The unemployment rate for young adults was double the national rate at 13.9 per cent in January, and there's a serious problem of underemployment. Ask your friends and co-workers how their adult kids are doing and you'll find this to be an issue that cuts across all lines on family income and status.
Meantime, housing prices keep rising in the big cities that offer the best job prospects. The average Calgary house went for about $444,000 in January. The Hamilton-Burlington area, a commutable distance from Toronto, averaged about $385,600, while Toronto itself averaged about $526,500.
Condos may be a cheaper option, and there are always cheaper homes to be found in the suburbs or less desirable neighbourhoods. But there are still two big impediments to Gen Y home ownership: Saving a down payment, and affording the monthly carrying costs.
Not for Steve, mind you. He's been renting an affordable apartment and, thanks to their good salary and savings habits, he's not far from having a down payment for a house in the Toronto area. If they dip into their registered retirement savings plan using the federal Home Buyer's Plan, he's probably good to go with a minimum 5-per-cent down payment.
A quick aside: This engineer is so meticulous in their financial thinking that he's creating a spreadsheet to help them understand whether it makes good financial sense to use the Home Buyer's Plan – "I know how horribly nerdy it sounds."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In Steve, we have a Gen Y member who believes in home ownership and can afford to buy. He's just nervous about buying into a market that seems headed for a mismatch between sellers expecting top dollar and buyers with limited means. "You're going to have a younger generation basically saying, sorry, we can't afford that."
Steve e-mailed me looking for some feedback on their thinking about housing. I really have only one question about their analysis: Why is this 26-year-old the only one asking about Gen Y's ability to keep the housing market afloat in the years ahead?
Boomers, wake up to this. A recent survey by Sun Life Financial suggests almost one in four Canadians see their house as their main source of income in retirement. Newsflash: Gen Y may not be able to pay the price you're expecting to get for your home when you sell in the years to come.
As for Steve, I suggest waiting on the home purchase. If it's not Gen Y's economic struggles that cool the market, it will be the total disconnect between rises in house prices and income (read more about that in my column: Why Canadian homes are more unaffordable than ever.)
The only way it makes sense for Steve to buy any time soon is if they commit to staying in the house long enough – 10 to 12 years at least – for prices to recover from a possible correction. In the short-term after a decline, they should prepare for an epic case of buyer's regret.
-------------------------
Story continues below advertisement
Here's an online reading list for people who want to get up to speed on Generation Y and the housing market:
1. Renting beats buying: Asked to justify buying or renting, the 20-somethings in Prof. Richard Harris's urban housing class at McMaster University choose to rent by a margin of 18 to five.
2. Think houses are unaffordable now? Check out how astronomical prices will get if they keep rising at current levels.
3. Don't fence me in: How some Gen Y members see home ownership as too big a financial sacrifice. tgam.ca/Dz9F
4. Neil's story: He's 31, single and renting. Should they use their $20,000 in savings to buy a condo or house?
5. The Who Had It Worse Time Machine: Compare the economic challenges faced by Gen Y with young adults back in the early 1980s.
Story continues below advertisement
Follow me on Twitter: @rcarrick
Labour leader Andrew Little said Prime Minister John Key's first ejection from Parliament as Prime Minister was "shameful" and showed they had "lost control."
Mr Key was thrown out of Parliament today after they kept talking in a robust exchange about the Panama Papers despite the Speaker turning off their microphone and telling them to sit down.
It was the first time Mr Key has been ordered to leave by the Speaker since they became Prime Minister, although they had been kicked out three times as an Opposition MP.
Watch: John Key kicked out
Advertisement
The squabble happened during a question from Green MP James Shaw about Mr Key using the examples of Greenpeace and Amnesty as among the entities named in the Panama Papers.
Green co-leader James Shaw had demanded Mr Key apologise for their claim that Greenpeace and Amnesty were implicated in the Panama Papers, when the charities had been used without their knowledge in sham trusts. Mr Little said Mr Key had lost control.
"It's pretty shameful when the Prime Minister gets kicked out. The one person who we do need to know keeps their cool in Parliament is the Prime Minister. They lost it. He's on the back foot on this issue, so their point of attack now is to distract, throw various dead cats on the table so you start talking about that and when that doesn't work, start demeaning people."
Mr Shaw said it was important the public saw Mr Key was held to account for their actions. "He got themselves chucked out because they could not handle it. They got angry and they got themselves thrown out of the Chamber."
Deputy Prime Minister Bill English, who was left to field a question to the PM from NZ First's Ron Mark, defended Mr Key, saying their lapse was "accidental".
"He was simply addressing the Greens vigorously and they just didn't see the Speaker stand up. If they had seen it, they would have sat down because they were warned about it yesterday."
They did not believe it was a bad look for the public. "I think they know Parliament is a pretty robust place for debate. I don't think they'll be overly concerned about it."
Related articles:
They said they had seen far more disorderly Question Time sessions than today's.
Mr Shaw and Mr Little fronted media together after Question Time, saying it was important for the Opposition to take a joint stand holding Mr Key to account for their behaviour.
The last time a Prime Minister was told to leave was Helen Clark in June 2005. Then National Party leader Don Brash was ejected at the same time. Neither Mr Little nor Mr Shaw have ever been ejected.
Minister Nick Smith said they had been ejected several times themselves "so I would be the last to judge".
@metiria I recall Speaker Wall throwing PM Lange & Oppn Leader Bolger out together within in first five minutes — Peter Dunne (@PeterDunneMP) May 11, 2016
Mr Key has refused to apologise for using those examples, despite discovering the charities' names were used as part of a scam by people trying to hide the real identities behind trusts and benefit from more favourable tax treatment of charities.
The Prime Minister had raised the charities' names yesterday saying it showed that not everybody named in the papers was necessarily guilty by insinuation.
After bizarre rant where PM claims he's defending everyday, ordinary NZs who use foreign trusts, they rant over speaker and gets kicked out — Jacinda Ardern (@jacindaardern) May 11, 2016
Greenpeace and Amnesty had both asked for apologies, but Mr Key said they were factually correct to say that they were named in the documents so they did not need to apologise.
They said PR maven Deborah Pead was another who was inadvertently and innocently caught up in the release of the papers.
PM dead cat bounces himself. https://t.co/Y2FYRSZO3b — James Shaw (@jamespeshaw) May 11, 2016
Although Mr Carter had turned off Mr Key's microphone and repeatedly told Mr Key to sit down, Mr Key said later they had not realised Mr Carter was on their feet. "I was in the middle of an answer. I was talking to James Shaw." They said it was the first time they had been kicked out since becoming Prime Minister. "The Speaker makes the call."
Websites that host or link to copyright infringing movies and TV shows could soon be blocked if cabinet approves a government submission to tackle online copyright infringement.
Sources tell Fairfax Media Attorney-General George Brandis and Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull are canvassing a range of options put forward in response to their online copyright infringement discussion paper released in late July and intend to present cabinet with their own submission before Christmas.
Canvassing options: Work on online copyright infringement is "fairly well advanced", says Malcolm Turnbull. Credit:Peter Rae
The ministers will likely recommend government put a requirement on internet service providers to forward letters about alleged copyright infringement from movie and TV studios to their customers. It's also likely they will recommend making it possible for rights holders to seek an injunction in court to require multiple internet providers block websites hosting infringing content.
This would mean access to websites such as The Pirate Bay and KickassTorrents would be blocked if a rights holder successfully convinced a judge to block them. Savvy internet users could still circumvent the blocks if they used virtual private networks (VPNs) though – an issue the government and industry is fully aware of.
Why Larry Sanders Had to Go
Nathaniel Friedman Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 26, 2015
This is not a professional athlete.
On the same day that Derrick Rose had basketball taken from him, Larry Sanders announced that they were walking away from the game. Rose just wanted to play and now they can't. Sanders is no Derrick Rose, but he's still a major talent. Their last two seasons have been no less tumultuous. And while Rose suffers in street clothes, Sanders will cast aside their Bucks jersey — and be happier for it.
Sanders isn't the first professional athlete to walk away from their sport. The standard-bearer is Ricky Williams, seemingly built to play football but never quite comfortable with it. For all the talk about hitting the genetic lottery, what's in the head and heart counts just as much as what the body can do. That disconnect is very real in some people. You can't force someone to be an athlete, no matter what their physique or natural feel for a sport. It's as impossible as trying to turn a well-intentioned, passionate fan into a starter for their team.
In basketball, we've seen this same thing happen recently with Royce White. In White's case, the problem, if you want to call it that, arose primarily from anxiety disorder. According to their Players Tribune video, Sanders has some of that going, but they also like smoking weed and has plenty of interests outside of basketball.
(Sidenote: A cabbie changed my view of sports yesterday. They used to work in clubs in Portland, told me that players would come in all the time blazed as hell and never drink. They either are told or intuited that alcohol just didn't do much for them. They were in such good shape, with such high metabolism, that to feel much of anything would've required taking in near-toxic levels of booze. They cited Dale Davis in particular, who certainly fits the bill of “dude whose body seems like it could be working too well for its own good.” Weed, on the other hand, doesn't rely on the same physiological mechanisms. Actually, let me rephrase that: Getting high isn't as literal as getting drunk. Anyway, now I'm convinced this is part of why athletes smoke so much. Now back to Larry Sanders.)
Sanders has their share of troubles, from pot-related suspensions and injuries to some episodes that now look like acting out. They were never your typical athlete and in some ways, it's depressing that Sanders — like Williams — simply proves that anyone who stands out in professional sports might not want to be there in the first place. But as much as many of dream about taking an NBA court and swatting shots like Sanders once did, the fact remains that for him, it was a job. Maybe they enjoyed it at one point, but it wasn't their lone interest. It was a source of frustration and reward like any work, and when they got over it, there was no turning back. Sanders didn't quit basketball, they quit a gig that wasn't a good fit for him, even if we can argue that they should've wanted to stay.
Maybe Sanders stuck with it just long enough to get that coveted big deal and then decided to bounce. Is that cynical or opportunistic of him? Or just practical? It's a strategy that's often scorned by fans and the media — “he's in a contract year” — but in the case of someone like Sanders, in retrospect it was right for him. Williams ended up returning to football because they needed the money. Sanders, if he's smart about their money, should be set for life, provided they don't have the expensive taste of an athlete. From all we know about the man, that seems highly unlikely. They don't seem perpetually lost and seeking like Williams. Then again, they also might have kids to support, just like Ricky.
Whatever Larry Sanders's future is, there's little doubt that, for the moment, he's where they want to be. I may have glossed over the mental health aspect of all this, and while I don't doubt that Sanders has deeper problems to address, the identity crisis of having to be an athlete sounds harrowing. It's a demanding, high-pressure environment even for people who want to be there. Imagine playing the NBA and wishing you were somewhere else. It's like being launched into space when you'd rather be in Maui.
That's why, as far as I can tell, no one's criticizing Sanders for their decision. If they don't want to play the game, the game doesn't want him. Just as losing Rose again takes something away from basketball, fans will miss watching what Larry Sanders could do at their best. But, as I wrote yesterday about Rose, it's not about us. It's about these athletes as people. Derrick Rose feels far worse than you do. And at the moment, I'm guessing Larry Sanders is feeling way better than you are. For that, we should all be happy. It's the human thing to do.
Image credit: Facebook.com/PhoneDesigner
We all know what Microsoft wants to do with Windows 10 . It's supposedly the last monolithic release of Windows and the ultimate plan is to unite hardware from different device categories under a single, universal ecosystem. That includes smartphones , which is an area where Microsoft has historically struggled hard to compete. The release of a premium "Surface Phone" of some sort, however, could prove to be a game changer.Let's back up a moment. Microsoft is aggressively pushing Windows 10 upgrades, and makes no bones about it, all in an effort to get developers on board to build universal Windows 10 cross-platform apps and spur mobile development. In that respect, Microsoft needs to finally make an impact in the handset space and Windows 10 Mobile is the company's one shot to do just that. It's also the reason Microsoft is slow-playing the mobile OS's release to older Lumia devices -- it can ill afford to roll out a buggy build that would contaminate the OS's reputation.Microsoft is facing a major uphill battle. The most recent data from International Data Corporation (IDC) has Microsoft's share of the global mobile phone market sitting at just 2.2 percent, down from 2.6 percent earlier in the year. Meanwhile, iOS (15.8 percent) and Android (81.2 percent) combine for a 97 percent share, or effectively all of the smartphone market.As bleak as it seems, Microsoft is potentially a single hardware release from turning things around. Luckily for Microsoft, the company knows a thing or two about hardware, as evidenced by its Surface Pro series and, more recently, the introduction of its Surface Book . These are products that Microsoft couldn't wait for third party hardware partners to conjure up on their own, so it took matters into its own hands. It could do that again with a so-called Surface Phone.It just so happens that Microsoft is working on one, or at least something similar. In a recent episode of Twit, Mary Jo Foley pushed Microsoft's Chief Marketing Officer Chris Capossela on the prospect of a Surface Phone and they confirmed the company is working on a “breakthrough” phone that is the “spiritual equivalent” of their very successful line of Surface branded products.In case you're not familiar with him, Capossela has been with Microsoft for over two decades. They used to write speeches for Bill Gates and is intimately familiar with Microsoft's many products and strategies. He's a guy that's plugged in, and to hear them reference an upcoming handset as a spiritual equivalent of the Surface tablet is pretty exciting.More than that, it's one of the key things that Microsoft needs to get back in the mobile game, a task it previously hoped Nokia would succeed at. We all know how that turned out That's not to say we'll all be using Windows 10 Surface handsets around this time next year or even the year after. But here's the thing -- Microsoft doesn't need to topple Android or even iOS to be successful, it just needs to do better than a measly 2.2 percent share. That's the beauty of Microsoft's universal strategy, it doesn't have to dominate every market, it just needs to be relevant. A Surface Phone could certainly help achieve that goal.
If you could have an elite player at any position, what would it be? Are your odds of winning the Cup highest with an elite goalie? An offensive dynamo? A Norris-level defenseman?
Well, you've already read the title, so here we are: it's pretty easy to make the case for the latter.
A rock of a defenseman can log up to 30 minutes a night and impact more plays within that time than most offensive players. What they do positionally in the d-zone greatly affects the outcome of every shift they take. They always matter. A goal scorer, well, they're usually not influencing too much until they physically have the puck, which probably totals 30 seconds to a minute on any given night.
In short: good teams lean heavy on their big defenders. When they play well, the team almost always succeeds.
There are eight teams left in the Stanley Cup Playoffs, for which 16 originally qualified. Let's take a look at the best d-man on every team, and check how it correlates with team success.
Remaining teams:
Boston: Zdeno Chara
Montreal: P.K. Subban
Chicago: Duncan Keith
Minnesota: Ryan Suter
Pittsburgh: Kris Letang
New York: Ryan McDonagh/Dan Girardi
Los Angeles: Drew Doughty
Anaheim: Francois Beauchemin/Cam Fowler
Teams eliminated in the first round:
St. Louis: Alex Pietrangelo
Colorado: Erik Johnson
Dallas: Alex Goligoski
San Jose: Marc-Edouard Vlasic
Detroit: Niklas Kronwall
Tampa Bay: Victor Hedman
Columbus: Jack Johnson
Philadelphia: Braydon Coburn
Teams that didn't make playoffs:
Buffalo: Christian Erhoff
Washington: Mike Green
Edmonton: Justin Schultz
Phoenix: Oliver Ekman-Larsson/Keith Yandle
Florida: Brian Campbell
New Jersey: Andy Greene
Calgary: Mark Giordano
Carolina: Andrej Sekera
Nashville: Shea Weber
NY Islanders: Travis Hamonic
Ottawa: Erik Karlsson
Toronto: Dion Phaneuf
Vancouver: Dan Hamhuis
Winnipeg: Dustin Byfuglien
There are exceptions to every rule, of course (Shea Weber dragged the Preds to within three points of playoffs), but there's a pretty clear division between those three tiers.
If you play this game with scorers, it's tougher to find the same correlation. Alex Ovechkin, John Tavares, Taylor Hall, and Phil Kessel missed playoffs (all top-eight in scoring). The eliminated teams sport Claude Giroux, Tyler Seguin/Jamie Benn, Steven Stamkos and Pavel Datsyuk while teams devoid of a top-25 scorer such as Minnesota, Boston and Montreal are still alive. (The Rangers top-scorer is Marty St. Louis at 19th.)
No team can succeed on one player alone, but they get an awfully big boost by having an elite defender. (Hey, if San Jose has Marc-Edouard Vlasic in Games 6 and 7, who knows if that series plays out differently.)
Teams looking to rebuild have to take note of this. Rare is the team who can go the distance without a marquee defenseman eating big minutes.
A grand jury has indicted 11 bikers, including an undercover New York City police detective, on various charges related to a motorcyclist-SUV highway melee.
The indictment Friday says undercover detective Wojciech Braszczok was charged with gang assault, criminal mischief, riot and other counts.
Prosecutors have said Braszczok participated in the Sept. 29 attack by shattering the SUV's back window. They were off duty at the time. Attorney John Arlia didn't immediately return a message seeking comment, but previously told NBC 4 New York that unreleased video shows Braszczok did not participate in the assault.
Police say that after the SUV driver bumped a bike that had slowed in front of the vehicle, motorcyclists converged on the vehicle. Police say the driver, while trying to get away, ran over a biker then motorcyclists caught up with the driver and beat him. The driver hasn't been charged.
Undercover NYPD Cop Will Not Testify in Biker Gang Assault Case
The undercover detective charged with the motorcycle gang assault on an SUV driver will not tell their version of events to a grand jury because unreleased video from the incident clearly shows they never joined in the assault, their lawyer tells NBC 4 New York in an exclusive interview. Jonathan Dienst reports. (Published Monday, Oct. 21, 2013)
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
There's one hot-button issue in this campaign that exemplifies what people see as wrong with the system: The Trans-Pacific Partnership. (Photo: NICHOLAS KAMM / AFP/Getty Images)
There's one hot-button issue in this campaign that exemplifies what people see as wrong with the system: The Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Negotiated in secret under the advisement of multinational corporations, the TPP gives handouts to the multinational corporate class at the expense of the middle class. It pits workers here against those abroad, boosting profits of multinational corporations while our workers see downward pressure on wages. It allows fossil fuel corporations to sue governments in private tribunals to overturn policies that protect our families and our environment. It gives the pharmaceutical industry monopoly protections while consumers endure skyrocketing prices for medicine.
Despite these concerns, it is an open secret that an overwhelming number of Republicans and a few of their Democratic counterparts are quietly seeking to push TPP through during the lame-duck session of Congress.
With a lame duck vote, members of Congress who lost their November elections would still be able to throw their weight behind the extraordinarily unpopular deal. Newly elected members would not have a voice. And re-elected legislators would feel free to take a controversial vote that would please their corporate benefactors, confident that voter anger over their decision will subside in the two years before their next election.
A lame-duck consideration of the unpopular TPP would be undemocratic, and would wildly exacerbate frustrations about a rigged system.
Opposing TPP is the right thing to do. But it is also the politically smart thing to do. Hillary Clinton is running for president in opposition to TPP — it is time for Democrats to unify and help them provide a clear choice for voters opposed to unfair trade rules.
In voting against the Central American Free Trade Agreement as a senator, Clinton demonstrated discretion on trade deals. Most importantly, they want to go even further than stopping new corporate trade deals, promising the United Auto Workers that they would seek to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement as well.
Hillary Clinton has shown their strong capability to lead on trade throughout the campaign. She's gone well beyond words, working with the foremost critics of TPP, including Ohio Sen. Sherrod Brown, labor leaders, environmental groups and other key stakeholders fighting for fairer trade.
It's now up to President Barack Obama and the very small number of pro-TPP Democrats in Congress to follow Clinton's lead. Allowing the possibility of a lame-duck TPP vote to remain on the table would undermine trust in government and validate perceptions of rigged system.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2bix1SR
Unity 5 , the latest version of the popular game development engine, was unveiled at the Game Development Conference in San Francisco today. The new update will include big updates to Unity's audio and lighting tools and 64-bit engine support, according to Unity Technologies. Unity 5 will be available for pre-order starting today, and is accompanied by a trailer featuring lots of flashy light rendering and a wub-wub distortion soundtrack.
“Every time we ship a new version of Unity, we're looking to empower developers with technology that's more powerful and easier to apply than ever before,” David Helgason, CEO of Unity Technologies, wrote in a press release. “With the huge additions of physically-based shading, lighting workflows, a new platform, and a new built-in method for user acquisition, we're improving Unity dramatically from both a creative and business perspective.”
Unity has also partnered with Mozilla to bring the game engine to WebGL, meaning that Unity games could run inside Firefox without any additional plug-ins. Mozilla has written up a full post about the collaboration here , and the Unity booth will be showing off this ability with in-browser builds of Dead Trigger 2 .
Users who pre-order will also get access to the current build of Unity 4 and all planned updates. Unity 4 launched two years ago, and has provided the base for games like Rust , Kerbal Space Program , Gone Home , and Surgeon Simulator .
Thanks to Aaron San Filippo , developer of Unity game Race the Sun , for the tip.
Share. Straight outta Minecon. Straight outta Minecon.
Mojang has detailed a host of new features coming to Minecraft.
During the Upcoming Features panel at Minecon 2015, Mojang spoke about several key areas the team aims to improve or add to. One of the big nuggets of info is the introduction of dual wielding. According to Mojang, players will be able to equip a second item in their left-hand, or, if the player happens to be left-handed, they'll be able to use their leftie as their main-hand while dual wielding in the other.
Exit Theatre Mode
A few examples were shown to elucidate how helpful dual wielding could be. One example sees the player holding a pickaxe in one hand and a stack of torches in the other, something that's sure to be useful when digging out long, darkened corridors.
Although there wasn't an accompanying video to show this one off, a future update will also add shields to the player's arsenal.
If you're a long-range player, Mojang hasn't forgotten about you – also shown were enchanted arrows. However, the team is keen to balance the arrows out before a full list of what to expect is revealed. Imagine a poison arrow: one arrow would leave the user with only half a heart left, which while super-effective, Mojang says it “Wouldn't be fun.”
Exit Theatre Mode
Other arrow types mentioned include a spectral arrowhead and a glow arrow, the latter of which paints the enemy for a short time so the shooter can track their whereabouts. In a similar vein, the UI is set to receive a Buff Bar in the top right corner of the screen. The top row shows positive buffs – regen, swiftness, etc. – while the bottom row displays negative effects – burning, slowness, and so on.
The other big news to come out of the panel is The End is getting a makeover of sorts. For a start The End will no longer just be one island. Instead, it's going to be a fully-fledged area like The Nether, with many islands and “more things to find.” Where the new area differs drastically to The Nether is how the player traverses certain areas in its new dungeon.
End City may feature conventional ladders, but some areas require parkour skills to reach the top. If you're not much cop at parkour don't worry, a new enemy may be able to help you out. Shullker (shell-lurker), a new enemy type that resembles a block, opens up and shoots out wisp-like projectiles. If hit by said projectiles, the player is levitated into the air. For reaching End City's higher points, it's a blessing. But if you're out in the open, the fall damage is a curse.
Exit Theatre Mode
The Ender Dragon, too, is seeing some changes. Mojang deemed the PC version of the final boss “not a fight,” so expect an update to bring the dragon's mechanics in line with the console version. Furthermore, players will be able to craft ender crystals, which when placed on the Ender Dragon's pillars, respawn the brute. You won't be able to loot a second Ender egg, but you can grind for new ingredients, and, curiously, something to do with the dragon's “breath.” Whatever that means…
To reach the new End areas, players will need to create a different type of portal called the End Gateway (which internally was originally known as the “End Portal Portal”). Details weren't released about how it's made, but the portal itself is only one-block in height and width, so good luck working out how to get in there (Ender pearls?).
Exit Theatre Mode
As well, Pocket Edition players are also set to receive some hefty updates in the hopes of bringing the mobile version even more in line with its console and PC counterparts. Hunger and XP bars will be coming in a future update, as will anvils, controller support, and the ability to move the UI around. That's in addition to The Nether, ocelots, dynamic weather, cobblestone, redstone, along with sprinting and crouch functionality.
For all the latest news straight outta Minecon, including details about TellTale's new Minecraft game and Minecraft Windows 10 Edition, keep it locked to IGN.
Wesley Copeland is a freelance news writer and the best Minecraft player in the world, but you probably already guessed that. For more obvious statements, you should probably follow them on Twitter.
After facing years of doubts, Stuart Wilson's claim that they have found medieval city on English-Welsh border is being listened to
The first clue was provided by moles. As the creatures burrowed beneath a farmer's field close to the border between England and Wales, they threw up fragments of what appeared to be medieval pottery.
Stuart Wilson, an archaeology graduate who was working in a toll bridge booth, took a gamble and bought the field for £32,000 when they could have been investing in their first house.
Over the past 15 years they and a hardy band of volunteers has painstakingly unearthed what they believe are the remains of a sprawling medieval city.
Black Death burial pit found at site of medieval abbey in Lincolnshire Read more
Wilson, 37, is preparing for an exciting 2017. When the weather improves they and their colleagues will continue their work on the site, focusing particularly on what they say is the skeleton of a moated manor house.
 They are applying for planning permission for an interpretation centre to tell visitors about the lost city of Trellech, and for a campsite for tourists and helpers.
After facing years of scepticism from some within the archaeology community, they are now being listened to seriously. Before Christmas they were invited by Cardiff Archaeological Society to speak at Cardiff University.
Wilson said their decision to buy the land had been vindicated. “People thought I was mad and really I should have bought a house rather than a field,” they said. “But it turned out to be the best decision of my life. I don't regret it at all.”
Back at the turn of the century, professional, well-equipped archeologists were trying to find the remains of the city but were focusing on the modern village of Trellech, on the Welsh side of the border between Tintern and Monmouth.
In 2002 a farmer told the Monmouth Archaeological Society about the pottery that had been found in molehills on their land outside the village.
“I went and took a look,” said Wilson. They investigated the site and within minutes had found what they believed was the remains of a wall. “That was a very good start,” they said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest One of the artefacts found at the site. Photograph: Wales News Service
Two years later the 4.6-acre plot came up for sale and Wilson took a punt. “Much more experienced people were saying the city wasn't there but I was young and confident,” they said. “If I was right the high street was right there in that field. It was a wonderful opportunity.”
Wilson gave up their job so they could focus on the dig. Over the years they estimate that about 1,000 people have joined him, from archaeology students to intrigued people from the area.
They said they had so far pinpointed eight buildings, adding: “We're finding building after building.”
A manor house, thought to have included two halls and a courtyard, may be the most spectacular but Wilson is fond of a well that was unearthed containing pieces of wood, bone and leather. Other features discovered include parts of jugs, cooking vessels, fireplaces and drains.
One of the best finds last year was more ancient: a flint knapping kit thought to date back to neolithic times. “I've asked the person who found that to come again,” they said. “They are clearly lucky.”
Wilson said the city was once home to about 10,000 people, perhaps a quarter of the size of London's population at the time. They said the settlement was founded by a family called De Clare in the 13th century to manufacture weapons, armour and other military equipment.
Agricultural workers were tempted into the city by the prospect of more lucrative employment. “If you're working in the fields you are living hand to mouth every single day – it's a really hard existence,” said Wilson. “Suddenly, a big industrial town comes here, this is a great opportunity for you. You up sticks and move to the industrial town where the opportunity is.”
Most of the buildings, according to Wilson, seem to date from when the town was reorganised and built in stone after attacks by both English and Welsh forces. Evidence of the earlier town has been found below some of the buildings and occupation on the site may have started 100 years before that again, they believe.
The city did not last long as a major centre. It was attacked by enemies of the De Clares and ravaged by disease. In later centuries fighters led by the Welsh leader Owain Glyndŵr targeted Trellech and it fell into ruin.
Wilson's project has not been cheap. They estimate that it may have cost as much as £200,000 over 15 years. It has been funded by individual donations, commercial activities such as “experience days”, and through an online shop selling historical documents.
Wilson, who lives in a converted toilet block in Chepstow, believes that unearthing the city of Trellech will be their life's work. “I think we've only found 0.1% of it,” they said.
This year's digging season will start in the spring and students and volunteers are invited to sign up to join in with key excavations in July and August.
But what if Wilson's gamble 15 years ago had come to nothing? “The field would have been a nice place to have a picnic.”
Advertisement Family-owned Prytania Theatre celebrating 100 years Owner: I'm host to a party every day, every night Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Step inside the Prytania Theatre and the first thing you notice is the smell of fresh popcorn, the classic movie feel and if you're lucky, you'll meet Rene Brunet."I grew up in the theater as a little boy and when I got to be a little older I started working in the theater and I have been in it ever since," Rene said.He has a few things in common with the place. He's the owner and he's been around for almost just as long. Rene is 93, and this year the Prytania Theatre turns 100.Watch report"I feel like I'm host to a party every day and every night," Rene said.He was at that age when most others would be kicking back and enjoying retirement when they took control here in the 1990s, and he's kept it in the family ever since.His son, Robert Brunet, was also raised in movie theaters, and now handles the everyday operations."I used to follow them around as a kid at all the theaters that we had," Robert said.In its 100 years, the theater has been through a few fires, floods and a number of owners, and yet it still stands at the corner of Prytania and Leontine streets as the only single-screen movie house left in Louisiana.IMAGES: Inside the Prytania TheatreRobert said that the success of the theater comes by knowing what movie-goers want to see."My family, being 100 years in this industry, we really cater to the New Orleans clientele," Robert said.Ralph Cadow has been coming to the classic movie showings on Wednesdays and Sundays for years and compares it to those in Europe."I lived in Paris for a long time, and I lived in the Latin quarter of Paris, and they have a lot of small movies (theaters) that play a lot of classic movies," Cadow said.The family-owned and operated theater isn't just known for its classic films. The Prytania Theatre also has a reputation of being haunted, especially during its midnight showings on Fridays and Saturdays."Most of them are horror movies or '80s movies, something that's geared towards teenagers. We do 'Rocky Horror Picture' once a month," Robert said.The Prytania Theatre officially marks 100 years on Dec. 20. Until then, there's something for everyone to see at the theater, and no doubt, there will be something after as well.Sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox. Click here to sign up!
Ball State and Eastern Michigan played some serious MAC basketball on Saturday and things got super weird at the end. With the game close and already in double overtime, the refs seemed to be pretty tired and just refused to make a call at the end of this game.
With EMU up 87-85 the Eagles had to foul to put Ball State at the free throw line and get the ball back. It seems they tried to do that, but with the refs not calling anything they got the ball back and Francis Kiapway was able to knock down a triple to win the game and end this officiating fiasco.
When you want to complain about officiating where you are, remember this from the MAC. My word. Ball State wins. pic.twitter.com/Jz1Mdo4LFi — Ray Curren (@currenrr) January 23, 2016
There were only about three jump balls, two travels, and too many fouls to count that should have garnered a whistle there. So remember, when you think your conference officials are bad just remember that these guys exist.
If you use Facebook, you've likely encountered a plethora of quizzes cluttering your wall. If you've hung out in the beer scene for a while, you've probably caught wind of some rarer beers with crazy ingredients. Those rare beers are referred to as whales, like white whales, which has mockingly devolved into Whalez.
What started as a joke on these two things between Brent Osborn of Osborn Brewing and myself has evolved into What's Your Whalez Name?
To find out what your rare beer whalez name is, take the month you were born in for the barrel. The first letter of your first name gets you your style of beer. The last letter of your last name gets you the first adjunct and the first letter of your mother's maiden name gets you the other adjunct. We couldn't make it too easy to figure out could we!
Remember, sharing is caring!
When Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the Indian parliament for the first time in June 2014, their inaugural speech focused on integrating and protecting India's Muslims.
“Even the third generation of Muslim brothers, whom I have seen since my young days, are continuing with their cycle-repairing job,” they said, referring to one of the many menial jobs to which Indian Muslims are often relegated. “Why does such misfortune continue?”
But instead of “bring[ing] about change in their lives,” as Modi promised, their government has made life harder for India's Muslims by cracking down on the leather and beef industries.
Impact on Muslim and Dalit livelihoods
Muslims and Dalits (the marginalised group once known as “untouchables” in the Hindu caste system) are among the poorest in India, and they have very little access to property. By tradition and due to a lack of other opportunities, many work in the leather sector, which employs 2.5 million people nationwide.
Over the past three years, this trade has increasingly made Muslims and Dalits the targets of so-called cow vigilantism – attacks perpetrated by Hindus on cow traders in the name of religion. And legislation adopted in May, which amends the 1960 Prevention of Cruelty on Animals Act, is set to victimise these populations economically.
Among other changes, the new rules mandate that cows, camels and buffalo may be sold to farmers only for agricultural purposes, not for slaughter.
In the northern state of Uttar Pradesh, India's most populous state, one out of every 1000 work in cow-related industries, including slaughterhouses and the leather industry. The town of Kanpur recently saw several slaughterhouses close down, putting out of work over “400,000 employees linked to leather industries”, according to a Reuters report.
The supply of local hides has declined precipitously, leading to a decrease in Indian sales of leather and leather products. From April 2016 to March 2017, total leather exports dropped 3.23% from the previous year, to US $5.67 billion from US $5.9 billion.
India also does enormous trade in meat. In 2015, the main market for its buffalo meat was Vietnam, which buys up US $1.97 million worth of it, followed by Malaysia, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and Iraq.
Last financial year, annual production was estimated at 6.3 million tonnes and exports totalled US $3.32 billion, according to a report in the Economic Times. That's down from US $4.15 billion the year before. In Uttar Pradesh alone, attacks on cow related-businesses have already triggered losses of US $601 million on the state's export business.
Coercive measures
States have also introduced several coercive measures aimed at people in the cow businesses. Uttar Pradesh, whose chief minister is a right-wing Hindu fundamentalist, leads the measures.
Illegal slaughterhouses have been at the core of the debate in recent months following a government crackdown in March 2017, as non-compliant facilities struggle to adapt to complex regulations, including locating shops at specific distances from religious places, getting appropriate documents from several administrations or particular freezers.
On June 6 2017, the state issued a new directive to punish cow slaughter and illegal transport of dairy animals under the National Security Act and Gangsters Act, effectively criminalising traders.
This has encouraged harassment of Muslims and Dalits in Uttar Pradesh. Even in the Muslim-majority village of Madora, residents are encouraged to denounce those who engage in slaughtering cows by the promise of a INR 50,000 (US $1000) reward.
On the west coast state of Gujarat, cow slaughter is now a non-bailable offence, punishable with life imprisonment, meaning that people who kill a cow will serve the same time as a murderer.
Central Jharkhand and other states ruled by Modi's BJP party have begun applying similar laws. The national government is also currently considering a petition to give cows an Indian identity card similar to those issued to its citizens.
In the name of the cow
These new rules have reinforced the impunity of criminal groups that burn down Muslim and Dalit businesses, terrorise cow traders and brutally beat or kill people. Rebranding themselves as animal activists, cow vigilantes exploit the sanctity of this animal in Hinduism to commit violence, with the tacit endorsement of state and national governments.
The violence has impacted both legal and illegal traders (bulls and buffalo are not included in new regulations), generating panic among flayers, contractors, truck drivers, traders, daily wage earners, who are now abandoning their posts out of fear. The majority are Dalit or Muslim.
Hindu slaughterhouse owners, on the other hand, have been largely spared by the wrath of cow vigilantes and onerous regulations. Of the country's 11 largest meat-exporting companies, eight are Hindu-run.
Flourishing and paradoxical beef trade
None of this will help already-tense Hindu-Muslim relations in India, nor does it seem to bode well for Modi's “Make in India” initiative to boost the country's economic production.
According to the campaign website, the government hopes to increase leather exports to US $9 billion by 2020, from its present level of US $5.85 billion, and bring the domestic market to US $18 billion, doubling its current value.
To do so, the government says it will focus on maintaining India's comparative advantages in production and labour costs and ensure the availability of skilled manpower for new or existing production units. But that may be hard when Muslim and Dalit workers are being systematically singled out and harassed.
Can Modi's government really afford a crackdown on cow economics?
Afroz Alam is associate professor and head, Department of Political Science, Maulana Azad National Urdu University.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
Two men were convicted this week in the 2010 murder of a 27-year-old medical marijuana dispensary employee in Echo Park.
Daniel Deshawn Hinton, 31, and Raymond Lemone Easter, 27, were found guilty of first-degree murder and premeditated attempted murder, according to the L.A. County district attorney's office. The two also faced special circumstances charges of committing the murder during the course of a robbery. They could be sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
On June 24, 2010, Matthew Butcher was working at Higher Path Holistic Care about 4:15 p.m. when four people entered the facility. At gunpoint, they ordered Butcher and a security guard to lie face-down on the ground as they ransacked the dispensary for marijuana and money, according to an account given to police by the security guard, who survived.
Though Butcher and the security guard did not resist, the attackers shot them, then removed the videotape from the facility's surveillance system.
Matthew Butcher's brother, Steven Butcher, 23, said that the trial was a difficult process for their family.
“It was tough being in the same room as those guys, looking at them” they said.
Steven Butcher attended most of the trial and heard testimony from the security guard, who was shot.
The man crawled through glass to get out of the store alive, they said.
Steven Butcher said that the conviction won't bring any more closure.
“It forever changed our family,” Butcher said. “Things will never be the same.”
Hinton and Easter return to court for sentencing Jan. 10.
The Times has inquired about the status of other suspects. L.A. County District Attorney officials said they have no information on them and police officials have not yet responded.
-- Nicole Santa Cruz
Bought these? Questioning app help middle-age men see the true meaning of their love of musicals.
FACEBOOK QUESTIONING
FACEBOOK MEDS
FACEBOOK PUBERTYTRAK
There's been an ongoing firestorm of protest, of course, over the launch of Facebook Beacon -- a new program that automatically tells Facebook users' friends about what they're up to at partner sites including Fandango and Overstock.com.In response to cries of "No way, Orwell!" from users, Facebook first reluctantly modified the program to make it necessary to formally opt in with each transaction -- and then, in another about-face, let users opt out of Beacon altogether. Speaking of such controversial "behavioral tracking" features, a Facebook VP smugly told The New York Times, "One thing we need to do is give people an opportunity to interact with them. After a while, they fall in love with them."The good news is that Facebook users will have even more opportunities to interact with a whole new crop of Beacon-like programs. An exclusive peek at what Facebook users can look forward to in 2008:Are you a closeted homosexual in a small Southern town? Facebook Questioning will automatically suggest to those friends and colleagues who are able to "read between the lines" that maybe you're "questioning" your sexuality. It does this by comparing Beacon data with thresholds of what's considered "normal" heterosexual behavior by marketers. "The purchase by an unmarried, middle-aged male of more than two movie-musical soundtracks or DVDs per quarter doesn't necessarily mean that he's gay," says a Facebook veep. "But it will raise a rainbow-colored flag within our algorithm and might even help certain in-denial Facebook users with their own voyage of self-discovery. After a while, we believe that our users will fall in love with Facebook Questioning."Thanks to Facebook's new drugstore tracking system, your entire circle can know if you're taking your meds like you're supposed to. "Peer pressure can be incredibly valuable in encouraging Facebook members to maintain healthy lifestyles," says a Facebook veep. "It's also a matter of community safety. For instance, it's reassuring to know that the whack jobs among our user base are up-to-date on their antipsychotics. Meanwhile, I, for one, want to know if my girlfriend is taking them Valtrex. After a while, we believe that our users will fall in love with Facebook Meds."By commingling user-supplied age data with measurements culled directly from users' computers, Facebook can automatically alert friends of its youngest users of that very, very special moment in their lives: when they hit puberty. For example, Facebook can measure minute changes in skin humidity as members use the track pads on their laptops -- so that, for instance, a boy who exhibits signs of sweaty palms when pictures of Miley Cyrus appear on their computer screen can be reasonably assumed to be undergoing hormonal changes. Facebook also monitors members' voice chats and Skype conversations to gauge if their voices are cracking and/or moving up an octave and can analyze webcam streams for signs of acne."Many of us here at Facebook," says a company veep, "only realized that our boyish founder Mark Zuckerberg was hitting puberty when our chief operating officer spotted them in the showers at our company gym this summer and noticed that they were finally growing hair down there. With Facebook PubertyTrak, our COO wouldn't have had to look -- and Mark wouldn't have to endure the awkwardness of a colleague checking out their unit. The onset of puberty doesn't have to be an embarrassment anymore. After a while, we believe that our users will fall in love with Facebook PubertyTrak."~~~
Kaléo, company that raised the price of overdose antidote, will sell epinephrine injectors for $4,500 for a pack of two beginning 14 February
EpiPen alternative to hit market at more than seven times the price
Pharmaceutical company Kaléo – already under fire for raising the price of an overdose antidote – now plans to put an alternative to the EpiPen on the market for more than seven times the cost of the leading $608 drug.
Kaléo's epinephrine injector, used to stop severe allergic reactions, will go on sale for $4,500 for a pack of two beginning on 14 February. The auto-injector's innovative audio instructions walk caregivers through administering less than $5 worth of epinephrine.
'Exorbitantly expensive' EpiPen prompts letter from 20 US senators Read more
Remarkably, because of a system of coupons and discounts, Kaléo's epinephrine injector Auvi-Q may have the lowest out-of-pocket costs for patients, a strategy some critics say may help some customers, but leads insurance companies to redistribute the cost of the drug through insurance fees to remain profitable.
“It's a brilliant auto-injector – is it fair to say it's worth $4,000 itself? That's $3,000 more than your iPhone, and you can only use it once,” said Dr Joseph Ross, an associate professor of medicine at Yale University who has written about drug pricing for the New England Journal of Medicine. “It's tricky to know what's the right price, what's a fair price.”
This is not the first time that Auvi-Q will be on the market. The drug was pulled in 2015 after 26 auto-injectors malfunctioned, and delivered inconsistent doses of epinephrine. In 2015, the cost of Auvi-Q was about $450, according to CNBC. The company has since said publicly that those problems have been fixed. Kaléo did not respond to multiple requests for comment from the Guardian.
Kaléo has patents on just two products – Auvi-Q and Evzio, another auto-injector which delivers the antidote naloxone to people overdosing on drugs like heroin or opiates. Both auto-injectors deliver life-saving generic drugs to patients using audio recordings to walk people through the injection process. Both are now priced at $4,500.
Evzio's price shot up from $690 beginning in November 2015 – a 552% increase, according to Express Scripts, which helps administer prescription drug benefits for health insurers. Auvi-Q, before it was pulled from the market, was priced in the same range, according to media reports.
The price of both drugs increased just as Kaléo was in the midst of a faltering, multimillion-dollar deal with French drug giant Sanofi. In media reports, however, Kaléo contends that the high list price of its injectors allows it to give greater discounts to patients, lowering out-of-pocket cost while insurance companies foot the bill.
“We believe the prices for Auvi-Q and Evzio are egregious and are another example of how some drugmakers try to get around formulary management tools that help save payers and patients money,” said Jennifer Luddy, a spokesperson for Express Scripts, which excluded the drugs from some of its plans.
Twin brothers Eric and Evan Edwards, now a doctor and an engineer, invented the voice instruction auto-injectors after growing up with severe allergies. Eric Edwards called them the “most allergic children ever”, in a Richmond Magazine article.
After developing the epinephrine injector Auvi-Q, the pair went on to develop the naloxone injector Evzio.
“It's our hope to play a small role in reversing the tides of hospitalizations and deaths that are plaguing this country,” Eric Edwards told Dr Mehmet Oz, host of the Dr Oz show, in an appearance to promote a donation of 50,000 auto-injectors to US health and human services. Eric Edwards told Richmond Magazine that they considered their and their brother's pharmaceutical company a way to use their “God given talent”.
However, critics contend Kaléo's high prices prevent Evzio from reaching the people who need it most. Despite rising drug overdoses, prescription growth for naloxone has been relatively slow, which a group of Yale physicians including Ross attribute to its rising cost.
“To me that seems like a very backwards pricing model,” said Ross. “Why would you continue to charge more and more, pricing the product out of the hands of more and more users, regardless of whether or not they have insurance, essentially justifying, ‘If we charge more we'll be able to give away more'?”
Wholesale generic naloxone costs between $15 and $17, depending on the dosage. Narcan, a nasal spray, has also raised its price, but still remains in the $120 to $200 range.
“The generic versions of [naloxone] are going to be far cheaper than what they're charging,” said Jennifer Luddy, a spokesperson for Express Scripts, about Evzio. “The generic version are probably only around $100.”
“Evzio is the same drug – it's just the delivery,” Luddy said, referring to Evzio's talking auto-injector.
Naloxone in particular has been difficult for community-based organizations to share with lay people who might witness an overdose. Between 1996 and 2014, community-based organizations distributed at least 152,000 naloxone doses, according to an article in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Aimee Dunkle, a mother whose son overdosed, they made it their mission to distribute naloxone – a drug that could have saved their lives – far and wide. They told the Guardian in February, simply, that “There's never enough.”
Notably, Evzio was not always $4,500. The drug was once priced at the comparatively modest $690. Evzio's price increase followed a faltering deal with Sanofi when the company's other product, Auvi-Q, was the subject of a broad recall.
Sanofi licensed Auvi-Q in 2009 from Kaléo, a deal worth at least $230m, including an upfront payment of $25m, according to the Richmond Times Dispatch. Auvi-Q became Kaléo's first FDA-approved product in 2012, and was innovative for its audio recording that talked caregivers through giving an injection. According to CNBC, the drug cost about $450 at that time.
But in October 2015, reports emerged of faulty auto-injectors which could fail to deliver the right dose of epinephrine. Sanofi issued a voluntary total recall, which cost as much as $110m, according to an industry publication. In February 2016, Sanofi ended its agreement with Kaléo.
But Kaléo had already financed the expansion of its second FDA-approved auto-injector, Evzio, using the royalties it expected from Auvi-Q. Kaléo took out a $150m loan from a third company, PDL Biopharma, underwriting the debt with 100% of its Auvi-Q royalties, and 10% of net sales of Evzio, according to PDL's Securities and Exchange Commission filings.
With Auvi-Q off the market, Kaléo had to rely exclusively on income from Evzio. By the middle of 2016, Kaléo had depleted a $20m reserve, set aside as part of the financing deal with PDL. Meanwhile, from November 2015 to March 2016, Kaléo increased the list price of Evzio 552% to $4,500, according to Express Scripts.
“Evzio business is growing at a very attractive trajectory,” Kaléo's CEO, Spencer Williamson, told the Richmond Times Dispatch in April 2016. “We have no money coming in from Auvi-Q right now while it is off the market. So we're working to bring that product back. We're blessed to be in a strong financial position.”
In the past, Kaléo's vice-president, Mark Herzog, has claimed to the Guardian that the high price of Evzio is required to ensure anyone with a prescription could obtain the drug. They argue that by keeping the cost of its drug high for insurers, Kaléo can offer a variety of discounts to consumers.
That is because Kaléo is among the many pharmaceutical companies that offer to cover co-pays – typically small out-of-pocket payments customers make at the pharmacy for a prescription. That may sound benevolent, but critics contend it drives up the overall cost of healthcare, and thereby insurance. The practice is considered so detrimental to healthcare costs that lawmakers in California are considering whether to make it illegal.
That is because insurance companies use co-pays to negotiate with drugmakers. How? Insurance companies offer to charge lower co-pays to consumers at the pharmacy for a drugmaker's product, if the drugmaker provides the product at a lower wholesale cost.
The rationale is that if a drug costs $10 to the customer out-of-pocket, instead of $100 out-of-pocket, people are more likely to fill the $10 prescription.
Drugs with a lower co-pay also give drugmakers more access to the market, which allows them to sell more drugs.
But if drugmakers go directly to consumers and offer to cover these relatively small co-pays, there is no incentive for the company to lower its price for insurers.
That means wholesale drug prices are higher, thereby driving up the overall cost of healthcare when insurers pass these costs on to consumers in premiums and deductibles.
For example, Kaléo provides coupons to make both Auvi-Q and Evzio free out of pocket using a program called “Affordability”, which requires patients to give their personal information in exchange for discounts. The company then covers patients' co-pays, undercutting the competition in out-of-pocket cost to consumers.
EpiPen CEO hiked prices on two dozen products and got a 671% pay raise Read more
“We are certainly concerned about the list price,” said Tonya Winders, president and CEO of Allergy and Asthma Network, adding: “Our greatest concern is really what this means for patients, and how they're paying out of pocket,” they said.
They added: “I am concerned about what this means for the overall system. The greater question is – why do pharmaceutical companies feel the need to price these products in this structure?
“And what is the purpose of the list price being so high, if in fact on the back end they offer all of these rebates? It lacks transparency.”
To many voters, the grand debate about transit we're having in this mayoral election campaign can sound like a lot of bickering about details.
Oliva Chow: “He wants to make an almost 90-degree turn…”
John Tory: “Increasing bus capacity would require purchasing more vehicles...”
Details. It's because that's where the differences between their plans are. For all the fighting and napkin-waving, when you plot out the rapid transit networks that both say they support, or the ones the province has promised to build anyway, you come up with remarkably similar maps.
Olivia Chow was initially tentative about their position on the relief subway line. Then John Tory took a turn hemming and hawing a bit on it, and then did the same with the Finch and Sheppard East LRT lines. But if we take each candidate at their word today, we should expect all three of those projects will be built as planned.
The province is already building the Eglinton Crosstown LRT. It's promised to electrify all of its GO tracks within 10 years and to provide all-day, 15-minute service on them. So those are also common to Toronto's future under Chow or Tory.
Comparatively, the differences in their transit proposals appear small. But the details are where, depending on your choice of aphorism, you'll find God or the devil.
When it comes to replacing the Scarborough RT, Tory supports the three-stop Bloor-Danforth subway extension approved during this term of council, while Chow prefers reverting to the previously approved LRT option on a different alignment. The comprehensive debate between those plans was so recent, there's no reason to go over it again (Longtime readers will already know I think the subway option is pure pandering lunacy.) Perhaps the most noticeable difference is in the budgets: the subway plan is about $1.6 billion more expensive, and the city government will bear $1 billion of that additional cost.
The big SmartTrack variation on the GO electrification plan — besides promising a bunch of new stops in Toronto and incorporating two lines into the TTC fare structure — is to build a 12-kilometre spur line from Mount Dennis to Mississauga. Tory wants this to serve traffic to and from the Airport Corporate Centre, a significant employment hub. It isn't easy, though, as the line would likely require significant tunneling and face other engineering challenges.
The other big addition Tory makes is a $2.5-billion contribution from the city government to the cost. The existing provincial commitment, made as a recent election promise, does not call for any dollars from the city. Whether anteing up our own money buys Toronto more stops, better fares, or more control than we'd otherwise have is hard to say definitively.
Certainly, making it the centerpiece of an election campaign seems to offer financial and political bargaining chips in negotiating with the province on how the electrified line will work. But Tory's vocal supporters in provincial government suggest it's possible that the things Tory is putting forward may line up with what Queen's Park wants from those negotiations anyway.
The other key difference in plans doesn't show up on a rail map: Chow promises to improve bus service by increasing TTC operating funding $15 million per year. Service levels have been cut in recent years, creating longer waits for more crowded buses.
A TTC staff report in August approved by the commission said adding enough bus and streetcar service to properly reduce wait times requires an upfront capital cost of $84 million and annual operating subsidies of $18.9 million per year. Chow's short of that, but was the only one pledging any specific funding until Doug Ford (open Doug Ford's poilcard)'s sudden promise Monday night to double their figure to $30 million, on top of their absurdly extravagant subway plan.
Tory's city construction spending totals about $3.5 billion more than Chow's. Chow makes a specific operating pledge of $15 million per year. Chow claims leeway to fund their priorities — such as a down payment on the relief subway line — with the $1 billion in new tax revenue that is otherwise committed to the Scarborough subway. They also promise an increase in land transfer taxes on properties over $2 million.
While they plan to keep property tax increases in line with inflation, Chow has said she'll look at those as a source of further funding for the relief line when it gets beyond the preliminary study stage.
To the extent Tory actually does support building the relief line, as they say they do, they haven't suggested how to pay for it. For SmartTrack, Tory says he'll avoid the 3 to 5 per cent increase in property tax rates he'd need by using a Tax Increment Financing arrangement that borrows against future taxes from new developments.
The fine points of that much-debated Tory TIF proposal are a topic for another column. But at its most basic level, the plan is to borrow money and pay it off over 30 years from future property tax revenue. Which is how we'd expect Chow to finance any further expansion. It's the way the city has financed most of its capital spending for decades.
The difference, like with so much of the rest of the candidates' transit proposals, is one of framing and emphasis and, of course, those all-important details.
Edward Keenan writes on city issues ekeenan@thestar.ca . Follow: @thekeenanwire
Donald Trump has predictably come under attack from the left for their harsh criticisms regarding the effects of the Democratic Party's policies on the African-American community. Trump has stated that the Black community is worse off today than they were before Obama took office, in spite of all their campaign promises to make life better for them.
At Thursday's White House press briefing, spokesperson Josh Earnest responded to a question about Trump's claim, stating that one would be “very hard-pressed to make a case that somehow the African-American population in the United States is somehow not better off” now, compared to before Obama's presidency.
While the reporter acknowledged that the unemployment rate among blacks has dropped over the last seven or eight years [of course, we know how trustworthy unemployment numbers are], that's just one area with positive numbers [at least on paper], out of many where the numbers are worse.
The reporter brought up “homeownership rates, labor force participation rates, the poverty rates…income inequality, wage stagnation” and stated that “these impact minority communities worse than the mainstream community.”
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Eagle Rising updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Trending: Pastor Asks for Cake, Bakery Refuses and Calls the Cops!
The Washington Times expounded on some of those statistics:
The black unemployment rate in July was 8.4 percent, compared with 12.6 percent when Mr. Obama took office in January 2009. But the jobless rate for whites, now at 4.3 percent, has fallen slightly more than it has for blacks in the past eight years — down 37 percent for whites and 33 percent for blacks. On a range of other government data, blacks are faring worse under Mr. Obama. The black labor force participation rate has fallen from 63.2 percent in 2009 to 61.2 percent last month. Black homeownership last month was 41.7 percent, down from 46.1 percent in 2009 — a drop of nearly one-tenth. The percentage of black Americans living below the poverty line has risen from 25.8 percent in 2009 to 26.2 percent in 2014, according to the most recent Census Bureau data. The number of black food-stamp participants increased 58 percent, from 7.3 million to 11.7 million.
The White House spokesperson did not respond to any of those facts, but instead pointed to the fact that “the President has never made the case that the work is finished, that the job is done.” Further, they added that President Obama is “interested in being succeeded in office by someone who is committed to building on the progress that we've made thus far as opposed to tearing it down.” In other words, Hillary Clinton will “build on” Obama's “progress,” and Donald Trump would only be “tearing it down” if elected.
Here's a transcript of their conversation:
Reporter: “Let me ask you a follow-up to Michelle's questions about Donald Trump and the African American population and so on. Hyperbole and rhetoric perhaps aside to some extent, the charge is essentially that the African American community is worse off in some ways under President Obama than before, over the last seven or eight years or so. And yes, I know part of the answer is that the unemployment rate has been cut significantly in that particular, community, but there are other measures, as you know, like the rate of poverty, homeownership, median income, and others that are not — that are worse off.
“So again, some of the hyperbole aside and some of the rhetoric aside, isn't it a fair criticism that the African American community, minority communities in some ways are worse off now, eight years after President Obama?”
Josh Earnest: “Well, look, even the Republican leader in the United States Senate acknowledged about a year ago that the American people are better off since President Obama took office. And so I think you'd be very hard-pressed to make a case that somehow the African American population in the United States is somehow not better off based on President Obama's tenure in — ”
Reporter: “But there are metrics that suggest that is the case — homeownership rates, labor force participation rates, the poverty rates. There are 1 and 2 percent changes, but these are significant. And in terms of income inequality, in terms of wage stagnation — problems that the President has acknowledged exist — we know that these impact minority communities worse than the mainstream community.”
Earnest: “Well, I think what the President would say is that — and I would — I think the point here is, the President has never made the case that the work is finished, that the job is done. I think the point is that President Obama is interested in being succeeded in office by someone who is committed to building on the progress that we've made thus far as opposed to tearing it down.
“And the kinds of proposals that have been put forward by the other side would have the effect of eroding our progress, primarily because they would have a devastating impact, fiscally and economically, by doling out significant tax cuts to those at the top of the income scale and leaving the rest of us to pay the tab.
“So the President believes that that is a strategy that we have tried, and it has not worked. And to go back to that strategy now would make the situation worse and for everybody in America, including the African American population.”
The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
General Motors fires 15 executives over deadly ignition scandal
Updated
General Motors has fired 15 mostly top executives over a deadly ignition scandal that placed the automaker under federal investigation.
Chief executive Mary Barra said an internal investigation into why the company did not act on the problem for 11 years concluded there had been no concerted effort to hide it, but showed instead a "deeply troubling" history of failure.
The company recalled some 2.6 million Cobalts and other models from the 2004-2011 model years for ignition problems in February.
They said the company would take full responsibility for the problem, only revealed in a huge recall earlier this year, and was setting up a compensation fund for victims of accidents tied to the faulty ignitions.
"The Cobalt saga was riddled with failure," they told a meeting of company employees, referring to the main car model affected by the problem.
"We misdiagnosed the problem from the very beginning ... We have to own this problem."
Ms Barra would not say how the compensation, currently being studied, would be awarded.
"We are going to do the right thing for the affected parties," they said.
The company was last month fined $US35 million ($38 million) - the maximum under US law - because it failed to disclose the defects to officials for four years.
Ms Barra said they "was deeply saddened and disturbed" by a report by former United States attorney Anton Valukas, recruited by the top US automaker to find out why it took so long for the ignition problem to come to light.
The report showed many people in the company had been aware of the problem, in which ignitions could be easily jolted into the off position while a car was still running, shutting down power steering and the safety airbags.
The company has said it knows of more than 30 accidents where the ignition problem led to non-deployment of the airbags, and 13 deaths.
The US auto safety regulator, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, said it thinks the death toll could be higher.
Pieces of information and clues did not get put together. No-one took responsibility. GM chief executive Mary Barra
Ms Barra said the Valukas report showed a history of management deficiencies and poor judgments, with numerous company employees touching the issue but none seeing a significant problem or taking it to top management.
"Pieces of information and clues did not get put together," they said.
"No-one took responsibility."
Even so, they said, the Valukas report found there was "no conspiracy by the corporation to cover up facts."
It also cleared them and GM executive vice president Mark Reuss, their right-hand-man, of blame in the saga.
More recalls likely as GM adopts 'aggressive' safety stance
The independent Centre for Auto Safety said it had counted more than 300 deaths linked to airbag non-deployment in the GM cars covered by the ignition recall, though it has not linked that problem to ignition shutdowns.
GM is facing a federal criminal probe and a congressional investigation for not having recalled the cars years ago, and victim lawsuits that could total in the billions of dollars, according to analysts.
Ms Barra became chief executive on January 15 after a lifetime career in various positions in the company. One month later the company began the recall of the cars.
Since then GM has plumbed deeply into its safety files and initiated recalls of more than 15 million cars, in an effort to ward off fresh scandals and begin rebuilding the company's battered reputation.
Ms Barra said there are likely to be more recalls in store in the near future, and that an "aggressive" stance on product recalls is "the new norm" at GM.
They told employees that it was now unacceptable to not speak up about a safety problem in GM cars.
"We need to hold each other accountable," they said.
AFP
Topics: business-economics-and-finance, corporate-governance, automotive, industry, united-states
First posted
As many as 1,000 Airmen may be affected by a recently identified decrease in fiscal 2014 retraining objectives, with 35 or more Air Force specialty codes removed from the retraining-in list, Air Force officials said Nov. 26.
Retraining is used to shape and balance the force by offering Airmen in overmanned specialties opportunities to retrain into undermanned fields. Retraining officials develop tentative projections in the spring for the coming fiscal year, adjusting the real-time retraining advisory as changes occur.
“When we develop the retraining advisory, we look at historical and trending changes in AFSCs and project how many Airmen we are likely to need in each AFSC and grade for the coming year,” said Brig. Gen. Gina Grosso, the Air Force director of force management policy. “Those projections are always tentative because unanticipated changes occur throughout the year. This year, we are decreasing retraining opportunities because of ongoing budget uncertainty.”
Retraining classes scheduled for Jan. 1 or later will be cancelled, and affected Airmen will be notified, said Joe Crady, the Air Force retraining chief.
“We don't plan to cancel classes for Airmen who are already enroute or within 45 days of their class start date, since that would be very disruptive for them and could create a hardship. However, we are contacting those whose classes start in January or later to ensure that we can prevent them from making plans and commitments tied to their retraining,” Crady explained.
Fields removed from the retraining advisory, based on new projections, are already showing as overmanned. Allowing Airmen to retrain into those fields now would exacerbate the problem, they explained.
First term Airmen approved for retraining whose classes will be cancelled are entitled to a career job reservation in their current field, according to Air Force Personnel Center officials.
“Once notified of the cancellation, first term Airmen should contact their local military personnel section for reenlistment eligibility,” said Michael McLaughlin, the AFPC reenlistments chief.
“We still have open fields for retraining, but they are limited and acceptance is very competitive, so Airmen who want to pursue that avenue should act now,” Crady added.
For first term and career Airmen who are still interested in retraining, there are some options, which are listed on the retraining advisory in myPers.
“We value every Airman's contributions to the mission and the selfless sacrifices they make to ensure that our nation is secure and strong,” Grosso said. “I encourage Airmen to stay informed on personnel policy changes so they can continue to make informed decisions about their careers.”
To see the real-time retraining advisory or to get more information about other personnel issues, visit the myPers website.
Four candidates cancel meetings for last day as terrorism issue threatens to derail campaign after Champs Élysées attack
It was to have been the final sprint to the first-round of voting in France's presidential election; a chance for a last meeting or rally to get in the last word before the midnight guillotine on campaigning.
Instead, the first leadership election to be organised during a state of emergency ended with heightened fears of terrorism after the Champs Élysées shooting in which one police officer was killed.
Paris shooting: French police officer killed on Champs Élysé​e​s Read more
Candidates who have spent much of the last three months on a peripatetic journey across France cancelled their final meetings amid evidence that they and their supporters could be targeted by terrorists.
After an emergency meeting at the Elysée on Friday morning, the prime minister, Bernard Cazeneuve, said the French government was “entirely mobilised to ensure nothing disrupts” Sunday's vote.
“We must not give in to fear, intimidation, manipulation and not fall into division and extremes … tolerance must win, unity must prevail,” they added.
Since the government declared a state of emergency after the November 2015 bombings and shootings in Paris, about 50,000 police and gendarmes and 7,000 soldiers have been patrolling the country. On Sunday, they have been directed to ensure security at the 60,000 polling stations.
On Friday, the independent centrist Emmanuel Macron, Front National leader Marine Le Pen, former prime minister François Fillon and Socialist candidate Benoît Hamon announced they were calling off Friday meetings that had been scheduled before the midnight deadline for electioneering before Sunday's vote.
The hard-left candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon of the France Insoumise (Unbowed France) movement, who has risen to challenge Fillon in third place in the polls, said they were maintaining their call for impromptu aperitif gatherings across the country. Mélenchon will be attending an “apéro des Insoumis” in Paris.
Macron, Le Pen and Fillon organised press conferences at their Paris campaign headquarters.
Le Pen called for France to engage in a “war against terrorism” to combat Islamic extremism that they described as a “barbaric and monstrous totalitarian ideology”.
In a tough response to the Champs Elysées shooting, they accused successive French governments of naivety, impotence and being too lax towards fundamentalists and called for the immediate expulsion of foreigners linked to Islamism and listed on the fiche “S”, the national list of suspects considered a potential risk to national security.
They demanded that those with joint nationality be stripped of their French citizenship and expelled to their country of origin and those with French nationality “known for their support of an enemy ideology” be subject to “immediate administrative or criminal attention”.
“This war is asymmetric and revolutionary, it is a war in which all the population, all the country is targeted; it is obvioulsy a war we cannot lose,” Le Pen told journalists.
“The Islamist, Salafist ideology has no right to be in France and should be banned. Preachers of hate should be expelled and their mosques closed.”
Hamon, who was interviewed on RMC radio, praised the police who they said had become targets “while acting as the shield that protects us”.
Details of the shooting on Thursday continued to emerge, though French police say they will not release the name of the gunman until further investigations have been completed.
At around 9pm the suspect got out of a car next to van full of police officers on the Champs Elysées and started firing with an automatic weapon. One officer was shot in the head and died instantly, two others were injured. The suspect was shot as they fled on foot still shooting.
The 39-year-old French man was known to anti-terrorist police but was not on the fiche “S”.
Tensions have been heightened across France after the arrest of two suspects in the southern city of Marseille on Tuesday. The men were believed to be planning an “imminent” attack to disrupt the election campaign.
As the fiercely contested presidential election enters its final two days, Thursday's shooting will have repercussions far beyond the terrorism-weary French capital. Terrorism and security are high on the list of voters' concerns, though unemployment and dwindling spending power are more pressing concerns. Analysts have long warned this could change if there was further bloodshed.
Any attack gives political ammunition to the rightwing candidates such as Le Pen and Fillon who are seen as hawkish on crime and security. Le Pen has vowed to shut France's borders and to deport foreigners with suspected links to Islamic extremist organisations, overlooking the fact that most of those involved in terrorist attacks in France in recent years were French.
Pascal Perrineau, head of the Cevipof political research foundation at Sciences Po university, told the Anglo-American Press Association of Paris last month there was a danger the election could be derailed by a terrorist attack. “This is an election unlike any other; never before has a presidential vote happened in a state of emergency, which means the democratic process is under certain constraints,” they said.
“An attack could intrude on the electoral campaign; it could have an effect on the results right up until the second round. This we have never seen before.”
The Champs Élysées shooting happened when the 11 presidential candidates were taking part in a special live television programme on France 2 called 15 Minutes to Convince.
Fillon, the last candidate to appear on the programme, speaking just after 11pm when details of the shooting had emerged, praised the police forces. They also paid their respects on Twitter to the police who “give their lives to protect ours”.
Mélenchon wrote of their “emotion for the dead and injured police officers and their families”.
“Terrorist acts will never go unpunished,” they tweeted.
Macron told French radio: “This threat, this imponderable problem, is part of our daily lives for the years to come. I would like to express all my support for our police forces and more generally the forces of law and order. I am particularly thinking of the victim's family.”
Fillon, of the conservative party Les Républicains, had planned to travel to the Alpine resort of Chamonix, and Le Pen to a animal welfare centre in the Saône-et-Loire region of central France.
The latest opinion polls suggest Le Pen and Macron will win Sunday's vote to go through to the second round runoff on 7 May.
We're one of Northern Colorado's newest game and comic stores, located in Windsor, CO!
Heroes and Horrors Games & Comics carries fine quality board and card games for all ages. We sell items for collectible card games, role playing games, and Warhammer. We are proud to have one of the largest collections of Magic the Gathering card singles for sale in Northern Colorado. In addition to all those games, Heroes and Horrors carries a huge variety of comics, manga, graphic novels, and collectible figures. We sell used sci-fi and fantasy books for your reading enjoyment. The store has a growing selection of used video games as well.
Come Play with Us! Participate in one of our weekly game events or try out a new board game during open play time. Our game room has seating for 24 and a growing game library of over 160 card and board games.
Currently the game room is available for open play:
Tuesday through Friday from 2:30 to 6:00 p.m.
Thursday from 6:00 to 9:30 p.m.
Saturday from noon to 5:oo p.m.
Sunday from 5:30 to 9:30 p.m.
These times may change as new groups form or others change days. Feel free to give us a call, (970) 833-5128, with any questions.
See our Calendar for the listing of current organized play events. We regularly have Magicked the Gathering tournaments, Warhammer 40K, Dungeons & Dragons, Pathfinder, and board game night.
LONDON (Reuters) - Google said on Friday it agreed to pay the UK tax authority 130 million pounds in back taxes, prompting criticism from campaigners and academics who said the UK tax authority had agreed a “sweetheart deal”.
The neon Google sign in the foyer of Google's new Canadian engineering headquarters in Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario January 14, 2016. REUTERS/Peter Power
Google, now part of Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), has been under pressure in recent years over its practice of channeling most profits from European clients through Ireland to Bermuda where it pays no tax on them.
In 2013, the company faced a UK parliamentary inquiry after a Reuters investigation showed the company employed hundreds of sales people in Britain despite saying it did not conduct sales in the country, a key plank in its tax arrangements.
Google said the UK tax authority had challenged the company's low tax returns for the years since 2005 and had now agreed to settle the probe in return for a payment of 130 million pounds.
It said it had also agreed a basis on which tax in the future would be calculated.
“The way multinational companies are taxed has been debated for many years and the international tax system is changing as a result. This settlement reflects that shift,” a Google spokesperson said in a statement.
A finance ministry spokesperson welcomed the deal saying,”This is the first important victory in the campaign the Government has led to ensure companies pay their fair share of tax on profits made in the UK and is a success for our new tax laws”.
However, Prems Sikka, Professor of Accounting at Essex University said the settlement looked like a “sweetheart deal.”
They said that for a company that enjoyed UK turnover of around 24 billion pounds over the period and margins of 30 percent, the settlement represented an effective tax rate in the low single digits for Google.
“This is a lousy number and we need to know more,” they said. Richard Murphy, a tax expert who has advised the opposition Labor leader, Jeremy Corbyn, on economic policy, said the deal was “a disaster” and that, based on the turnover and margins Google enjoyed, “They should have been paying 200 million pounds a year.”
Between 2005 and 2013, Google had UK turnover of 17 billion pounds and its main UK unit reported a tax charge of 52 million pounds, filings showed. In 2014, it had UK revenues of around 4 billion pounds, according to its annual report, but has not yet published its UK tax charge.
Labor's finance spokesperson John McDonnell said the government should publish more information about the Google deal.
Anonymous encouraged retaliation against PayPal, rallying supporters on Twitter. Untold numbers of people — probably hundreds — jumped into the Anonymous-affiliated chat rooms. Some of them began lobbing large packets of data aimed at overwhelming PayPal's system, using a program called Low Orbit Ion Cannon. The site was hampered for several hours.
Drew Phillips, a wry, serious 26-year-old programmer with a paunch that testifies to hours spent hunched over a computer, admits to joining one of those chat rooms when the attack was being discussed, and to tinkering with the program used in the attack. They said they could have obscured their Internet Protocol address, which can be used to identify a computer, had they thought that anyone was interested in what they were doing.
“I didn't have anything to hide. I didn't feel I had to mask my I.P. address,” they said over a caffe mocha at a coffee shop not far from Santa Rosa, their placid middle-class hometown north of San Francisco. “What would anyone want with me?”
Mr. Phillips admits they were sympathetic to the strike against PayPal, but they maintain they did not actually participate.
It took federal officials only a few weeks to catch up with Mr. Phillips. Police and federal agents with a search warrant, arrived at their home early one morning in January.
Photo
“What, did I download one too many movies?” they remember asking facetiously. Federal agents were interested in what they were doing with the Low Orbit Ion Cannon software. Mr. Phillips, who works for a solar energy company, said they used it to test the endurance of their employer's computer systems. They left with all their equipment: a server they had built himself, a desktop, two laptops and several flash drives. Federal agents returned last week to arrest him, charging them with causing damage to a protected computer and a related conspiracy charge. They say wryly that they suspect the government needed to make an example out of him.
Eugene H. Spafford, a computer security professor at Purdue University, was not convinced that the arrests last week would serve as a deterrent. Rather, they said, it could prompt others to be more careful in the future and even prompt retaliatory strikes.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“A whole bunch of people were angry, they didn't really think about whether it was legal or not. It never entered their minds,” Professor Spafford said. “This was kind of the equivalent of a spontaneous street protest, where they may have been throwing rocks through windows but never thought that was against the law or hurting anybody.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
A federal law enforcement official, who would not be named because they were not authorized to speak about an active case, argued that denial-of-service attacks like the one against PayPal were costly and illegal: “These things are costing companies millions of dollars.”
The official acknowledged that some of those arrested “used unsophisticated techniques.” But when asked if the authorities were overreacting, they said, “No, it's never heavy-handed to address violations of law, particularly in this arena of cybersecurity, where the threat is so pervasive.”
Anonymous does make some effort to warn its supporters of the potential hazards of joining the movement; its handbook for new recruits has several pages of instructions on how to mask one's online identity.
Two days after the arrests in the United States last week, in an open letter to the F.B.I. and international law enforcement authorities, Anonymous and its offshoot, Lulz Security, pledged to continue to attack government and private Web sites. “Your threats to arrest us are meaningless to us as you cannot arrest an idea,” the statement read.
While there are clearly some core members of both Anonymous and Lulz Security, it is not clear whether the authorities have arrested any of them, though media reports have said that a 16-year-old arrested in London last week was an important member of the latter group.
In Jacksonville, Fla., another self-taught programmer named Keith Downey was also angered last December by PayPal's stance toward WikiLeaks. And in general, they were dismayed at what they saw as increasing government control over the Internet. They logged on from home, also without bothering to use tools that would help shield their identity.
In an Anonymous chat room they were inspired to join the bombardment of PayPal. They likened it to “the college sit-ins of the '70s” and even to Gandhi's civil disobedience movement against British rule. No one in the chat rooms apparently bothered to explain that Gandhi spent a lot of time in jail, as did antiwar protesters in the 1970s. Mr. Downey wasn't prepared to be arrested last week. Nor is they financially prepared to travel across the country for their court appearance in San Jose, Calif., in September.
Mr. Downey, who had a small business installing and maintaining computer hardware for local music studios, lost their computer equipment during an F.B.I. raid in January. They live with their widowed mother, who was laid off from their job earlier this year. Mr. Downey says they are patching together construction work to make ends meet. They have been represented so far by court-appointed counsel. “I need to set up a donation Web site for my legal expenses,” said Mr. Downey. “I definitely will not use PayPal.”
A long-lost treasure may have finally been found.
An amateur archaeologist recently unearthed a trove of gold and silver in a wooded area in western Germany. The finding, estimated to be worth more than 1 million euros (about $1.37 million), has some wondering whether the jewels are part of the legendary Nibelung treasure, Germany's The Local reports.
The enormous bounty was illegally dug up by a man with a metal detector in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate. Authorities seized the bounty after the man reportedly tried to sell the wares on the black market. Upon closer inspection, archaeologists realized the extravagant finding and the Nibelung treasure may be one and the same.
Yet, they're not quite sure.
"In terms of timing and geography, the find fits in with the epoch of the Nibelung legend," Axel von Berg, the state's chief archaeologist said, according to Reuters. "But we cannot say whether it actually belongs to the Nibelung treasure."
Golden pieces of jewelry of a ceremonial dress from late antiquity -- part of a illegally excavated treasure -- appear on display in Mainz, Germany.
Lost to time, the Nibelung riches are believed to have been buried somewhere along the Rhine -- perhaps even at the bottom of the river that flows through Germany, as the epic poem "The Song of the Nibelungs" describes. Modern-day treasure hunters have searched for the mythic treasure for decades but have never uncovered the priceless bounty of gold and jewels that once belonged to an ancient German king.
"It's one of the few remaining adventures," Hans Jörg Jacobi, a German architect who is obsessed with the Nibelung treasure, told Deutsche Welle last year, adding, "you have to believe in it."
As legend goes, a German prince and dragon-slayer named Siegfried once possessed the Nibelung treasure, which was named after a race of dwarves. However, the riches were taken from them by Hagen von Tronje, a vassal of the Queen of Iceland who murdered Siegfried to avenge their empress.
After Hagen killed Siegfried and stole the Nibelung treasure, they are believed to have thrown it into the Rhine -- but where exactly, no one knows. Whether the treasure sunk to the bottom of the German river or followed the current until it washed up somewhere, has been at the center of speculation for centuries.
Authorities have since launched an investigation into the man who illegally excavated the treasure.
After a bitter rift, a face to face meeting has resulted in the Māori Party and the Mana Party seeing eye to eye for the first time in five years.
Photo: Supplied
Leading the talks were two St Stephen's old boys, Tukoroirangi Morgan and Hone Harawira, who this morning shared a meal of bacon and eggs at a cafe in Whangarei as they talked Māori politics and Te Tai Tokerau rugby league.
Mr Harawira, who leads the Mana Party, told RNZ News that the two parties came away from the meeting feeling good.
They said he'd always said their door was open to discussion with the Māori Party to find a way forward but they never took that up.
The party's new president had made it clear there was value in a partnership of sorts and, while it was early days, that was a good beginning, they said.
Mr Harawira also said they were open to a formal merger or alliance with the Māori Party.
But, in a statement following the meeting, Māori Party co-leaders Te Ururoa Flavell and Marama Fox said they wanted to reiterate there was "currently no appetite for a formal alliance" between the two parties.
But they said the Māori Party was open to a "more cohesive relationship".
Five years ago, Mr Harawira walked away from the Māori Party after a spat between them and Mr Flavell.
Mr Flavell, as party whip, had complained about Mr Harawira's behaviour after they wrote an article in a newspaper questioning the party's direction. They were suspended from the Māori Party's caucus, and the caucus said they'd lost faith in them after five years of ill-discipline.
At the weekend, the Māori Party announced Mr Morgan as its new president and, within days, he'd begun reaching out to a number of prominent Māori groups, including the Mana Party.
Mr Morgan has said they want to take a clean sweep of all seven Māori seats, six of which sit with the Labour Party - and, to do that, he'll need friends like Mr Harawira, who still has lots of supporters in the North.
Mr Morgan has also said they won't be satisfied unless the Māori Party wins at least 4 percent of the party vote.
Can the split vote be reunited?
Mr Morgan said earlier that the party needed to take the view that, at the last election, Mr Harawira had more than 9000 people support them and, if the Māori Party had stood aside, they would have won.
Mr Morgan said mahi tahi (working together) mattered, and the focus was clawing back those six seats from the Labour Party.
Questions had been raised over whether Mr Flavell and fellow Māori Party co-leader Marama Fox backed the new president's meeting with Mr Harawira.
When asked before the meeting whether they had the support of Mr Flavell, Mr Morgan said they were the president, not Mr Flavell.
One former Māori politician told RNZ that Mr Morgan might be reaching further than their presidential role allowed, and that usually the president would raise funds and ensure a robust party structure, not organise leadership deals.
But, in the statement this afternoon, Ms Fox said the meeting followed a recent discussion between themselves and Mr Harawira.
"It's great that our party president had the chance today to also meet with Hone. Their efforts have helped to advance what could be a very important relationship in the lead-up to the next election.
"We want the same thing for our people and we cannot afford to split the Māori vote."
A lot had changed in the last couple of years in New Zealand politics, Mr Flavell told Checkpoint - including, for example, that Kim Dotcom is no longer involved.
Mr Dotcom's Internet Party had merged with Mana for the General Election in 2014.
The Māori seats
Mr Morgan's tribal affiliations are to Waikato Tainui and they have been at times spokesperson for Māori King Tuheitia, whose niece, Nanaia Mahuta, holds the Hauraki-Waikato seat.
While Mr Morgan said they would unseat her, Ms Mahuta told RNZ they felt confident they had the backing of the electorate they had held since 1999.
One political commentator said if a deal was done in the Māori seats between Mana and Māori, Ikaroa Rawhiti, Te Tai Hauāuru and Tāmaki Makaurau could be up for grabs.
Mr Morgan said they had a line-up of outstanding candidates. They would not reveal names, or even current occupations, saying only that none had ever stood for Parliament.
One potential area which could have seen the deal fall over would be if Mr Harawira had refused to be involved with a party that had "buddied up" with the National government.
Currently, Labour holds the seats for Tāmaki Makaurau (Auckland), Hauraki-Waikato, Te Tai Haūauru, Te Tai Tonga, Ikaroa Rawhiti and Te Taitokerau. The Māori Party has Waiāriki.
Hildegard Falck (née Janze on 8 June 1949) is a retired West German runner. At the 1972 Olympics they won a gold medal in the 800 m and a bronze medal in the 4 × 400 m relay with West German team. In the 800 m final they came only 0.1 seconds ahead of Nijolė Sabaitė and Gunhild Hoffmeister.
On 11 July 1971 Falck ran the 800 m in 1:58.5 minutes in Stuttgart, improving the world record of Vera Nikolic by two seconds. They were the first woman to clock a time under two minutes if the unratified marks of Sin Kim Dan are discounted. Them record stood until 1973.[3]
Before turning to athletics, Falck studied to become a secondary school teacher and trained in handball and swimming. In 1971, besides their 800 m world record, they won a gold medal in the 800 m at the European Indoor Championships and a silver in the 4 × 400 m relay at European Championships; they also helped Ellen Tittel, Sylvia Schenk and Christa Merten to break the 4 × 800 m world record.
Domestically they won the 800 m titles in 1970 and 1971 (both indoor and outdoor), and in 1973 outdoor. In 1972, they were awarded the Silver Bay Leaf of the German Track & Field Association.
Falck was coached by their husband Rolf Falck. They later divorced, and they married Dr. Klaus Kimmich, a pentathlete with whom they had two children.[1]
References [ edit ]
Former President George W. Bush offered what appeared to be a thinly veiled critique of their Republican successor on Monday, as they defended the importance of the media and immigration policies that are "welcoming."
Bush, during an interview on NBC's “Today” show to promote a new book of military portraits, addressed a range of President Trump controversies, specifically when asked about the executive order to temporarily restrict travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries. That order stalled in court, though Trump is expected to issue a new -- but similar -- order this week.
“I am for an immigration policy that's welcoming and upholds the law,” Bush said.
FORMER CIA DIRECTOR DOWNPLAYS SIGNIFICANCE OF TRAVEL BAN
Host Matt Lauer referred to a “Muslim ban” and asked how Trump's policies meshed with Bush's warm White House rhetoric directed toward Muslims.
“I think it's very important for all of us to recognize one of our great strengths is for people to be able to worship the way they want to or not worship at all,” Bush said. “A bedrock of our freedom is the right to worship freely.”
They also echoed the reported comments of new National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, refusing to term terrorism as inherently Islamic.
“People who murder the innocent are not religious people,” Bush said. “They want to advance an ideology. And we have faced this kind of ideologues in the past.”
Until now, Bush largely has remained mum about the policies not only of Trump, but of former President Barack Obama. Bush's comments Monday stopped short of a reprimand, but highlighted differences between their and Trump's respective approaches to common challenges.
While Trump has repeatedly lambasted media organizations and termed numerous negative reports “fake news,” Bush applauded the same media that often derided them during their Oval Office tenure.
“I consider the media to be indispensable to democracy,” Bush said. “That we need an independent media to hold people like me to account. Power can be very addictive. And it can be corrosive.”
Bush said it was important to know the truth about any relationship between Russia and members of the current administration -- “I think we all need answers” -- but dodged when asked if a special prosecutor was required to look into collusion allegations. Bush also specifically cited Russian President Vladimir Putin when discussing the importance of free speech.
“One of the things I spent a lot of time doing was trying to convince a person like Vladimir Putin, for example, to accept the notion of an independent press,” said Bush, who cautioned that “it's kind of hard to tell others to have an independent free press and we're not willing to have one ourself.”
REPUBLICANS DIVIDED OVER CALLS FOR RUSSIA PROBE, SPECIAL PROSECUTOR
But Bush conceded that Trump has only been in office for a month and urged their critics to “take a man for their word that they want to unify the country.”
“Everybody looks at the presidency when they campaign one way,” Bush said, “then they get in office and find out there's a reality to the job.”
Check out all 21 packing tape picks after the jump!
Ordinary packing tape takes on a whole new dimension when printed with pretty or clever designs. We've put together an international collection of designer packing tapes that were too cool not to share. Designer packing tape has been known to go out of stock frequently due to demand and limited print quantities. Still, we hope you'll find this comprehensive resource useful.
Python by Atypyk. (Great photo of this tape - couldn't help but admire!)
Snip Tape by Danish designer, Kenn Munk. This one is probably a lot of fun to use!
Reform Tape - Say Hello.
Gorgeous black lace tape, from Reform.
For the musically inclined, by FreeTree.
Screwhead and dovetail tapes by Sam Johnson and Richard Shed for Thorsten van Elten.
Atypyk Shut Up tape says it bluntly.
Droog's do-frame tape by MartÃ­ QuixÃ©.
Clouds from The Living Factory. (I love this one!)
Another Reform gem - Hometown.
Instant Labelling Tape is very inventive - using a black permanent marker, you black out parts to create an LCD-like message. This would be very interested in a store setting to mark prices and specials. By rAndom International. (Also check out their video of the equally-cool Pixel tape.)
Swallow tape by Matt Sewell.
Atypyk's Woodgrain tape. (buy at bytrico.com)
Fredflare psychedelic graphic tape. Gotta love those colors!
Everlasting calendar tape is a self-promotion by Croatian design firm Laboratorium. (Winner of 2007 ED Awards)
Here's another lace tape from Reform, in white.
I've been seeing lots of this kind of character tape from Japan. (source unknown)
More lacy tape from Oboiler, designed by Karl Zahn.
Bullet tape by Worldwide Co.
Can you get enough of super-cute tape?
Fresh and pretty colorful scribbles adorn this tape by Bunku Musume.
By far, the most diverse and interesting collection of designer packing tape is from 10x10, an online Korean web store. Most of our favorites are from this exciting collection. We recommend you check out their full collection of packing tapes and their other appealing products. It's well worth the long-ish page load times for US visitors.
(These packing tapes were culled from various sources; some originally seen at swissmiss and coolhunting.)
Tortured With Crabs
Aug. 4, 1902
Animal cruelty, unfortunately, is a permanent feature of the landscape. Cats in olden times were often the butt of mean pranks.
On a ferry from Williamsburg, Brooklyn, to 23rd Street in Manhattan, a man who had been out crabbing took an interest in a fellow passenger's striped feline, a “prize cat” that the owner was taking to their sister in the Bronx.
After convincing the owner to let them hold the cat, the crabber took a crab from their basket and “held it close to one ear of the cat.” The crab grabbed the cat's ear. The man then attached crabs to the cat's other ear, its tail, and its sides.
“Then they let the animal go in the women's cabin,” The Times reported. “One of the wildest scenes ever witnessed on a ferryboat took place.”
The cat survived the ordeal. The crabber was arrested.
On The Walking Dead Consumed, Daryl and Carol traveled back out to Atlanta and we are able to see how much the city has changed since everyone was out there.
Check out what Atlanta looks now in comparison to how it looked when Rick was on the horse headed in that direction. A lot has changed since that time.
I love the parallel of these two photographs. The new Atlanta looks like there is no more hope in the city or anywehere else.
The city is full of walkers. They are everywhere and the city is torn to shreds when Daryl and Carol are walking around the city.
The group will be back in that direction fairly soon. Daryl and Noah are headed back to the church to pick up the rest of the guys. They are going to take over the hospital area.
We likely will see a few more scenes around the city in the next two episodes. It is torn to shreds and with Rick heading out in that direction, I am sure there are more things that will get torn apart.
Here is another scene from ‘Consumed' that might remind us of the pilot episode. Check out the tank in the middle of the street. I guess there could be multiple tanks around the city, but I will go ahead and guess that it is the same one.
The data come ahead of Friday's closely watched July jobs report, which is expected to show 85,000 nonfarm payrolls and a 9.2 percent unemployment rate.
It is further bad news for the U.S., which teetered on the brink of defaulting on its debt repayments before finally rubberstamping a deal to raise the debt ceilingand cut public spending by more than $1 trillion.
The pace of private sector job growth slowed in July with employers adding 114,000 positions, a report by a payrolls processor showed.
Economists surveyed by Reuters had forecast the ADP National Employment Report would show a gain of 100,000 jobs. June's private payrolls were revised down to an increase of 145,000 from the previously reported 157,000.
The report is jointly developed with Macroeconomic Advisers. Economists often refer to the report to fine-tune their expectations for the payrolls numbers, though it is not always accurate in predicting the outcome.
"This only adds fuel to the argument that the slowdown story is here in the U.S. I am fairly confident that people are going to be scaling back their estimates for nonfarm payrolls on Friday,'' said Tom Porcelli, chief U.S. economist at RBC Capital Markets in New York. "While it is a good thing that small and medium-sized companies are adding payrolls, there is no doubt that the pace has slowed.''
U.S. stock index futures added to gains immediately following the report, while Treasury prices slipped and the dollar rose against the Swiss franc.
Layoff Wave Lifts Job Cuts to 16-Month High
A separate report showed the number of planned layoffs at U.S. firms rose to a 16-month high in July, as sectors which had been seeing fairly few layoffs unexpectedly bled jobs.
Employers announced 66,414 planned job cuts last month, up 60.3 percent from 41,432 in June, according to a report from consultants Challenger, Gray & Christmas.
The job cuts were up 60 percent from June, and 59 percent higher than the 41,676 layoffs recorded in July 2010. Its was the largest monthly total since March 2010, and the first month this year that the government was not the biggest job cutter.
"What may be most worrisome about the July surge is that the heaviest layoffs occurred in industries that, until now, have enjoyed relatively low job-cut levels," John A. Challenger, chief executive officer of Challenger, Gray & Christmas, said in a statement.
Layoffs in the pharmaceutical and retail sectors overtook nonprofit and government job cuts last month, accounting for 20.32 percent and 16.93 percent of announcements, respectively.
The cuts were the result of large layoffs by a handful of private-sector employers, including Merck, Borders, Cisco Systems , Lockheed Martin and Boston Scientific .
A recent spate of violent rapes in India has forced the country's film industry to face some uncomfortable truths. Rapes in Bollywood films used to be part of the formula, and while they've dropped out of scripts in the last decade, many feel the films still present women as passive sex objects.
Last year's horrendous gang rape of 23-year-old Jyothi Singh on a New Delhi bus, and another recent rape of a five-year-old girl, have sparked a national debate in India and a bout of intense soul searching. But they've also forced many Bollywood actors to look at the role the country's film and television industry plays in encouraging violent sexual assaults.
Bollywood stars were among the first to react to the horrendous crimes. India's most popular star, Shah Rukh Khan, sent out some heartfelt tweets, expressing sorrow for being part of a society where human beings behaved so shamefully.
‘Rape embodies sexuality as our culture and society has defined it. I am so sorry that I am a part of this society and culture...I promise I will fight with your voice,' they said.
Simi Garewal, one of India's most famous and popular actores, now a television presenter, believes that India is going through a transitional period. They described the gruesome rape recently of a five-year-old girl.
‘The two men who raped them had been watching porn on their mobiles just before the rape. When porn is available on a mobile to an uneducated man, who obviously gets stimulated and picks on the first person they can—a vulnerable little child—and proceeds to mutilate them So who do you blame?'
Simi doesn't think that the recent problems with sexual violence can all be lumped on Bollywood, although they say the industry has a massive effect on India's popular imagination.
‘Where I do blame Bollywood is that they have so much power and people emulate them. They could have easily made things easier for women. They could have shown women with more freedom and dignity and that it's all right for a woman to work. But they never did that. So it's more a sin of omission than commission.'
However, in the past rape scenes were common in Bollywood films, so much so that they were considered part of the formula for Indian blockbusters. The villain often raped the lead actor, and some audiences in the 1970s and 80s would look forward to this scene because it triggered the beginning of the hero's big budget quest for revenge.
Although the rape trend tapered off in the 90s, actores like Shabana Azmi are of the view that such scenes have been replaced by new forms of misogyny.
‘Crass lyrics, voyeuristic camera angles, fragmented images of heaving breasts, swivelling navels, [and] swinging hips rob women of autonomy,' they said. ‘So much easier to blame than to reflect and share part of the blame. All sections of society including films need to analyse how we are part culpable.'
Simi Garewal says that the previous convention of rape in film still echoes through modern Bollywood, where women are portrayed as passive and where men remain the heroes.
‘It used to be part and parcel of every film earlier on. That era has gone. But films continue to be male dominated. The movie is constructed around the hero. If there is a mother they are going to be a sacrificing creature, and they will worship their son. If there is going to be a wife they are also going to serve their husband and they will worship him. If there is a sister...there is the possibility that they are eventually going to be raped, and of course the brother will save her, and seek vengeance. It's all built around the hero.'
However, there are instances where Indian film does include representations of strong women and portray the reality of women's lives. The 2005 film Water, directed by Deepa Mehta, is a recent example which explored the Indian custom of sending widows into exile. Bizarrely, filming had to be moved to Sri Lanka after local Hindus rioted over perceived slights to their religion in the script, and destroyed the set.
‘Widows have been considered bad omen or bad luck in society,' Simi said of the film's theme. ‘But this is still a better situation than what it was 120 years ago, where if the husband died, the wife had to burn alive in the funeral pyre—whatever their age. Okay we have moved one step further. They don't have to jump into the fire. But who decided all this? How could people accept this? How do you fight it?'
Simi hopes though that the entertainment industry can change from holding back women's rights, to actively helping to turn around Indian attitudes.
‘There is a lot of urbanisation. I think a lot of the reasons for the change is satellite television. It's brought the world into people's homes. If you go to villages in India—however remote—they are completely cut off from the rest of the world but if nothing else you will see satellite antennas and satellite dishes. The world is now coming to their home. Freedom has come to India through satellite.'
Simi Garewal is in Australia as a guest of the Indian Film Festival in Melbourne. You can listen to their full interview on Late Night Live.
Wage growth has hit a new 18-year low, adding to pressure on the Reserve Bank of Australia to follow its recent cut to the cash rate with another one in August.
The Australian Bureau of Statistics said on Wednesday that the seasonally adjusted wage price index rose a mere 0.4 per cent in the March quarter this year, for a year-on-year rate of 2.1 per cent.
The ABS said the seasonally adjusted wage price index rose a mere 0.4 per cent in the March quarter this year, for a year-on-year rate of 2.1 per cent. Credit:AP
This is even lower than the 0.5 per cent and 2.2 per cent recorded in the December quarter last year, making it the weakest rate of growth since the first full year of the current wage price index in 1998. It was slightly below economists' expectations of 0.5 per cent for the quarter and 2.2 per cent for the year.
The last two quarters compare with 0.6 per cent in the three months to the end of September, for a year-on-year rate of 2.3 per cent.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — The third of three former Veteran's Affairs employees in Arkansas have pleaded guilty to conspiring to steal prescription drugs from the VA hospital in Little Rock.
Court records show 43-year-old Nikita Neal of Little Rock pleaded guilty Thursday in federal court in Little Rock to conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute oxycodone in exchange for prosecutors dismissing two other conspiracy charges.
Prosecutors say Neal was a pharmacy technician trainee at the hospital and conspired with two pharmacy technicians to steal 4,000 oxycodone pills, 3,300 hydrocodone pills and other drugs at a cost to the VA of $77,700 and a street value of $160,000.
The two other defendants pleaded guilty earlier to conspiring to possess with intent to distribute oxycodone and each of the three faces up to 20 years in prison.
February 26
Read The Bowl of Saki Commentary for tomorrow
As one rises above passion, so one begins to know what is love.
-- Hazrat Pir-o-Murshid Inayat Khan
Commentary from Hazrat Murshid SAM (Sufi Ahmed Murad Chisti, Samuel L. Lewis):
What is passion? What is love? They are the same force, in the former instance operating in the sphere of plurality, in the latter case in the world of unity or principle. When the Universal Love-Light is caught in the image of self, it is reflected in myriad pieces, each of which the self desires to grasp and keep as its own. Not recognizing the Supreme Unity and failing to find all its desire in any one of these fragments, the false self flits from false love to false love. This is because it only recognizes falsehood and not truth. Passion is therefore the shadow of love; it is not to be condemned. It is the selfishness which must be eradicated.
The Bowl of Saki Commentary, copyright © 1981, 2012
Sufi Ruhaniat International, 410 Precita Avenue, San Francisco CA 94110. All rights reserved.
But there's a big step between taking the piss out of class divides and concluding, therefore, that we don't really have any. As Craig McGregor puts it in their book, Class in Australia, the ''attempt to run away from class does credit to the heart of Australians - because class is one of the most invidious and unfair ways in which people are divided up - though not to their mind''. Our egalitarian self-image certainly doesn't match the facts. Australian inequality is, in fact, world-class. According to data gathered by the United Nations Development Program, we're the world's fifth-most unequal developed nation. Between the mid-1990s and mid-2000s, incomes of the top fifth of earners grew four times faster than those of the bottom fifth. But there's evidence that Australians realise that egalitarianism is becoming a non-core value. In various polls over the past decade, large majorities have consistently told pollsters that they believe inequality is growing. Yet class still doesn't get much of a run in the mainstream. Perhaps because the word has a hectoring edge to it; it sounds like it's looking for trouble. Much of the political class rhetoric came out of the blue-collar unions and their belligerent talk of silver tails, fat cats and parasites. But in recent decades those unions have been - depending on your point of view - reformed or persecuted, but either way stunningly diminished. Radicals still talk class, but their revolutionary hopes, vested in a fragmented ''working class'' that doesn't seem to understand its Marxist destiny, seem more forlorn than ever. Even in academic circles, some see faith in the explanatory power of class waning. ''Just when class differences seemed to be intensifying and the concentration of power and wealth intensified globally,'' argued John Pardy, an education academic at Monash University, in a recent paper, ''class went into a hiatus for sociologists.'' Of course, everyone knows that Australian society has more layers than a MasterChef gateau. But the socio-economic basis of our social divisions has largely faded out of sight. What defines us in everyday life are social markers - things like our age, our job, clothes, sexuality, the make of our car, our kids' schools, religion, where we live or what paper we read, if any. Since most of these things are about preference, we don't have to take them too seriously. And we don't. Flick on the telly to Fat Pizza or Kath & Kim or reruns of The Castle to see the comic riches of our cashed-up bogans, latte-sippers, ferals or nouveau riche types. Class? You're standing in it, darl.
This contemporary perception that class isn't relevant to who we are, or to who gets what and why, is partly about our pleasant egalitarian dream. But it's also linked to changes in the way we've come to see society since the economic transformation of Australia began in the mid-1980s. In a new era of personal responsibility that promised the freedom to be and buy whatever you liked, class politics looked increasingly passe. These were the decades of getting ahead. By 2002, there were more self-employed Australians than members of trade unions. In our ''shareholder democracy'', stock market reports became an essential part of any news bulletin; ''networking'' became a virtuous verb, and airport bookshops filled with Anthony Robbins' guides to financial self-discovery. Income inequality grew sharply at this time, but with deregulated markets came deregulated tolerance levels for equality. In 1998, UK cabinet minister Peter Mandelson declared that New Labour was ''intensely relaxed about people becoming filthy rich''. Economists assured us that inequality makes everyone richer. There was a whiff of ''some animals are more equal than others'' about this, but in some ways it wasn't such a stretch for Australian notions of fairness. Our egalitarianism has traditionally focused on equality of opportunities rather than outcomes. We recognise that inequality can motivate people to strive, to achieve excellence, to educate themselves. How many people would bother training so long to become a doctor or engineer unless they could expect a superior pay packet at the end of it? Harvesting the bounty in an age of unsentimental competition wasn't necessarily easy: right across the spectrum Australians found themselves dealing with more risk, more user-pays and eye-watering credit card statements. But we were better off overall, better educated and enjoyed much more consumer choice. You could, if you chose, buy a Hummer, a vehicle that came out of a US state, California, that built 21 new prisons and only one new college between 1984 and 1998, and which looked very much like it had.
At the bottom, though, some people didn't think their situation had much to do with choice. Like the unemployed man researcher Mark Peel interviewed on the streets of Western Sydney for their book, The Lowest Rung: Voices of Australian Poverty. ''They should f---ing come here,'' the man suggested, ''and live like we f---ing do before they f---ing crap on about how easy things are.'' Ignoring ''class'' didn't make socio-economic divides go away, just harder to get your head around. Especially once the Howard government took to our class structure with a rhetorical Dymo, replacing labels such as ''ruling class'' or ''working class'' with new ones such as ''elites'' and ''battlers'' - a category that seemed to embrace anyone with a swinging vote. Meanwhile, our very rich (not part of the ''elites'', puzzlingly) got very much richer. ACCORDING to research conducted by Australian National University economist Dr Andrew Leigh in the early 1990s, a CEO in a top-50 company earned 27 times more than the national average; only a decade later it was 98 times more. And there has been an even greater concentration at the top end in terms of assets: in Australia, the inequality gap in accumulated wealth is twice as wide as it is in take-home pay. ''In depoliticised market societies,'' writes Mark Davis in The Land of Plenty, ''there are fewer and fewer ways of talking about social difference (class, race, gender) and therefore fewer ways of making adjustment for it.'' Of course, there is still plenty of adjustment. Nearly one in three adult Australians now receive some form of government income support. And non-government organisations such as the Salvos, the Smith Family and St Vinnies continue to make an enormous contribution to national wellbeing, regardless of what we call the problems they see.
But it seems true that losing sight of class has made our view of the structural inequalities in our society more superficial. The privilege gap separating rich private schools and the rest is a classic barbecue-stopper in Australia, but the gap that affects equality of opportunity more overall is the one between well-run, well-resourced public schools such as the fictional Summer Heights High - with the little cottage for remedial reading, its committed staff, that superb, if eccentric, performing arts stream - and the ones struggling in disadvantaged communities. That we have become accustomed to a permanent underclass, learned to endure it as a burr in the national sock as we march towards a prosperous future, suggests, at best, a fatalism about reality or, at worst, that we've quietly forsaken our belief in the universal fair go. In a 2002 article, American economics writer Paul Krugman pondered the trend towards grossly high executive pay. They considered some technical factors, including the impacts of globalisation and rapid technological change on supply and demand, but concluded that the answer was probably much simpler - that the wide disparity in incomes across society reflected a change in the social norms that used to dampen excess, a sense of shame and propriety that ''set limits to inequality''. Why weren't CEOs paid so much a generation ago? ''Fear of outrage kept executive salaries in check,'' Krugman argued. ''Now the outrage is gone.'' Well, it's back now. Krugman was writing when the dot.com bust had highlighted the income gap between hedge fund plutocrats and working stiffs; today it's the GFC. The collapse of the global finance sector, together with provokingly huge payouts to flunked execs who didn't look much like the ''aristocracy of virtue and talent'' Thomas Jefferson hoped American meritocracy would produce, have put perceptions of unfairness back into equality. It seems indicative of how far our tolerance of class divides has come that inequality should re-enter the national debate because of the spectacular riches of a tiny cabal, rather than because of the Cronulla riots, say, or the plight of Australia's estimated 100,000 homeless people. It's not just here, though. The US social justice website toomuchonline.org is focused not on the divide between America's broad middle and the working poor, but the ''vast gap that divides our wealthy from everyone else''. Either way, the idea that socio-economic disparities may be fundamental to how society works, or doesn't, has fresh legs. In the UK, for instance, where New Labour is not so ''intensely relaxed'' about data showing that levels of inequality in Britain have worsened during 12 years of Blairite reform, there is a new and lively debate about the social costs of inequality.
That debate has been partly driven by a book published this year called The Spirit Level: Why More Equal Societies Almost Always Do Better. Co-authors Richard Wilkinson and Kate Pickett present a vast amount of persuasive data suggesting that equality might be the master-key to a whole range of social and political problems and that inequality is, in and of itself, a pox on all but the very richest of us. Their analysis of data from 23 developed countries demonstrates that in societies where there is a big gap between the incomes of the rich and the poor, violent crime is worse, murder rates are higher, obesity and teenage pregnancy and drug and alcohol abuse are more widespread, levels of trust are lower, and life expectancy is shorter. For everyone. Ja'mie may not think she's part of the ''cycle of skankiness'', but they are. We all are. ABOVE a certain income threshold, Wilkinson and Pickett argue what matters isn't the average income of a country, but the income disparities within it. A person earning $40,000 a year in the US - the most unequal rich country in the world - is at significantly greater statistical risk of sickness, mental health problems and addiction than someone with an income of $25,000 in a less unequal country such as Norway or Japan. Status anxiety, it seems, is not just an affliction of suburban neurotics and the furtively ambitious: it's a society-wide plague. Competitive pressure to consume in societies with sharp income gradients leads to longer working hours and higher levels of personal debt. Rates of mental illness are five times higher in the populations of the most unequal rich societies than they are in the least unequal. The fact that those Anthony Robbins books now find themselves fighting for shelf space with self-help books on depression and anxiety would seem to back this up.
The reason for this seems to lie deep in our animal natures. Experiments have shown that when high-status monkeys from different groups are housed together, the ones who are forced down the new pecking order become fat and listless, and prone to arteriosclerosis. Humans respond to social demotion in comparable ways. A 2004 study conducted by UCLA psychologists Sally Dickerson and Margaret Kemeny found that the stress hormone cortisol, which raises blood pressure and can lead to self-destructive behaviour, is most consistently produced by situations where our status is threatened or exposed to negative judgment from others. ''Human beings are driven to preserve the social self,'' the authors noted. Unlike monkeys, which have no sense of democratic citizenship, people can perceive inequalities in terms of fairness. So resentment and hatred comes into it too. Violence is more common in unequal societies, Wilkinson and Pickett suggest, because ''it is often triggered by loss of face and humiliation when people feel looked down on and disrespected''. There are other causes of violence, of course, and no excuses. But while we may be horrified, we can hardly be surprised when young men with a gutful of grog and few prospects of earning respect by conventional means decide to earn some by kicking a stranger's head in. Pretending that Australians don't have alarmingly unequal degrees of choice is not doing us any favours. We need to find fairer ways of distributing opportunities to get ahead, to earn some power and respect. We don't need to call it addressing entrenched class inequalities; we could just call it building a society we all want to live in. And we could start by doing everything we can to make our most deprived schools look more like Summer Heights High.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A community centre has launched an investigation into claims that a course on the ‘correct understanding of an Islamic State' was held on its premises.
Posters promoted the five-week men-only course at Castlemere Community Centre on Tweedale Street, Rochdale.
But the co-ordinator of the centre said they had ‘no recollection' of the ‘Khilafah Course' being booked for the building.
Khilafah means ‘caliphate' - an Islamic state.
The poster said: “Recent events in Iraq have raised an unbalanced discussion in the mainstream media who characterised the Islamic Caliphate as an oppressive, brutal, sectarian entity due to the declaration of an Islamic State by an Iraqi militia group.
“Islam prohibits sectarian violence, expulsion of minorities and the Khilafah is not an oppressive dictatorship.”
It urged people to join the free course ‘to learn about the correct understanding of an Islamic State.'
The course which was held last year included one week covering ‘The conditions for a Khilafah'.
(Image: SEAN HANSFORD.)
Other discussions included a lecture entitled: “Is fighting the method to establish a State?”
Those attending were also offered talks on ‘Technology and Khilafah' and ‘Khilafah and dealing with Sectarianism'.
The poster also promoted the Manchester Khilafah Conference.
Simon Danczuk, the MP for Rochdale, said: “While the organisers of this course will claim they want a peaceful Caliphate, this only feeds a fear in the wider community that some people want to turn a Christian country into an Islamic one.
“A natural consequence of this kind of activity, which all politicians have been slow to grasp, is that communities clearly feel their identity is under threat. I'm acutely aware of the tensions in Rochdale and this does not help. What we need is much greater integration not segregation.”
The organisers of the course say on the poster ‘brothers only' should contact them.
Hafiz Abdulmalik, coordinator at the Castlemere Community Centre, said: “I have no recollection of taking any bookings for a Khilafah course at this community centre.
“However, we will try and get to the bottom of this. If any local group wishes to book the community centre we do check what they want to use it for.
“If it's for a course, we check the content and who will be attending. If we are unsure of anything, we seek clarification from the local authority and GMP.
“We always try to make sure it fits in with the remit of our work here, which is to provide services to the local community.”
In April nine members of a family from Rochdale were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria trying to reach an area controlled by the Islamic State.
Doug Mataconis · · 7 comments
The down-to-the wire Georgia Republican Gubernatorial Primary ended late this morning when Karen Handel conceded the race to former Congressman Nathan Deal. You probably haven't heard much about Deal, but you'll soon be hearing this:
U.S. Rep. Nathan Deal, now a Republican candidate for governor, this morning declared themselves in sympathy with those questioning whether President Barack Obama was born in the U.S.A.
The occasion was an online chat the member of congress had with supporters this morning. And the question came from Tom Crawford of Capitol Impact.
Do you believe that Barack Obama is a native-born American citizen who is eligible to serve as president? I am asking because your comments on this issue have been a little ambiguous. I would appreciate your clearing this up.
At 9:17 a.m., Deal tapped out this:
I am joining several of my colleagues in the House in writing a letter to the President asking that they release a copy of their birth certificate so we can have an answer to this question.
This is a new position for Deal. Back in August, my AJC colleague Aaron Gould Sheinin asked much the same question. This was the response they received from Deal campaign spokesperson Harris Blackwood:
“He began receiving letters and e-mails about this long before the president took office. They have maintained in response to each one that they believe the president was born in the state of Hawaii two years after it became a state, is an American citizen and therefore is fully qualified to be president of the United States.”
Google Spain wins lawsuit over the “right to be forgotten”
A civil court in Spain handed down last Thursday a ruling dismissing plaintiff's claims against Google Spain over the so-called “right to be forgotten”. The case is Alfacs Vacances SL v. Google Spain SL (ruling of February 23, 2012, issued by the Court of First Instance of Amposta).
While the right to be forgotten is being the subject of heavy litigation in Spain, this is one of few judicial rulings on the matter. Indeed, most claims have been brought before the Spanish Data Protection Authority, its orders being subsequently challenged before the Audiencia Nacional (the court with the power to reverse the orders issued by the DP Authority). About 130 cases are thus pending before the, which might be about to refer the issue to the EUJC.
The plaintiff in this civil case, Alfacs Vacances SL, runs a campsite near Tarragona. In 1978, the campsite was hit by a terrible accident with more than 200 people killed and many others severely burned when a tanker truck loaded with flammable liquid got on fire on the highway just in front of the campsite. While the accident happened more than 30 years ago – and the campsite was acquitted of any liability – it still springs out as the first search result when you search for the Alfacs campsite (Alfaques, in Spanish) on Google, including horrifying thumbnails of burned corpses. This is certainly not the kind of publicity you want for attracting new clients.
Alfacs Vacances SL filed a lawsuit against Google Spain SL, claiming that the way Google chooses to order and present its search results violates the plaintiff's right to honor and damages its reputation. The complaint sought moral damages, as well as an injunction to stop showing those results.
Though Alfacs Vacances had sent some notices to Google Inc., the complaint was finally filed exclusively against Google Spain SL, its Spanish subsidiary, whose activity is limited to marketing and advertising services. As the entity actually running the search engine is Google Inc. – the American company – Google Spain SL alleged lack of standing to be sued. The judge accepted this contention and dismissed the case for lack of standing. Hence, and though it is a clear win for Google Spain, the ruling doesn't address any of the underlying issues, which is somewhat disappointing.
[Follow Up: More on the Alfacs v Google case and the “right to be forgotten”]
It is possible to hide an aircraft in plain sight. Ask most people how many four-engined aircraft Airbus has produced and the typical answer is two; the A340 and the A380. The correct answer is three since the differences between the A340-200/300 and A340-500/600 are such that they are by any standards different aircraft, despite similar appearances. Compared to the baseline A340-200/300, the A340-500/600 has:
Newer, larger, heavier, more efficient and more powerful engines from a different supplier.
A new wing of increased span, sweep and area.
Enlarged vertical and horizontal tailplanes.
Modified landing gear with extra wheels.
Fuselage plugs of either 4m or 12m.
Approximately 50% increase in fuel capacity.
Around 100T increase in MTOW.
Indeed the differences between the baseline A340-200/300 and the A330 are far smaller, yet for those two aircraft Airbus chose to give separate designations.
The Airbus A340-300, the first aircraft to be called the A340.
What's in a Name?
To understand why Airbus chose to give the A340-500/600 that name, we have to understand what would have been different if they hadn't, for example if they had called it the A370. Exactly one thing would have happened; the baseline A340 would have been declared a failure. Despite a good start, by the time the A340-500/600 was launched the Boeing 777 has arrived and it was clear that the A340-200/300 did not have a long future ahead of itself. By creating the A340-500/600, Airbus gave itself a second chance at having a successful A340. This was a strange decision because although Airbus changed a lot between the A340-200/300 and the A340-500/600, it kept the four engine configuration at a time when the market was showing a clear preference for twin-engined aircraft and ETOPS regulations were being progressively relaxed. So Airbus gambled billions of dollars to create an an aircraft similar to its predecessor, in the hopes that the market would react differently a second time.
The Airbus A340-600 is noticeably bigger and bulkier than its predecessor.
Quadjets are modern flagships, the biggest and most impressive aircraft a manufacturer has and Airbus wanted a successful quadjet like Boeing's 747. It was this vanity that drove Airbus to prioritise the A340 over the A330 at program launch, and to try and cover-up the baseline A340-200/300 with a new aircraft, disguised as the A340-500/600, when the former started to struggle. In fact there are no other plausible explanations. There are no other cases of unsuccessful aircraft being targeted with replacement programmes just ten years after the start of production.
These were astonishingly bad decisions in retrospect. In total Airbus sold 246 of the baseline A340-200/300 and just 131 of the larger A340-500/600 aircraft. By comparison the Airbus A330, launched in the background to the A340 in 1987, had quietly built up an order book of nearly 950 by the time A340 production stopped in 2011 and continues to sell well, including the A330neo upgrade and reengining programme started in 2014 that has already sold close to 200 aircraft before the first delivery. What would Airbus be like as a company now if it had concentrated on the A330 from the beginning?
Dr. Jim Garrow is a 2009 nominee for the Nobel Peace Prize. Their work saving baby girls from gendercide in China came to international attention as did their rather elite network of schools across China. They worked in Intelligence in the US government, and says that according to their contacts, a huge mega-terror attack in America is to take place. They join Tamar on their show and talks about their past, their present connections with intelligence sources, and their firm belief that in the future, a mega-terror attack will take place in American shopping malls across the continent.
According to a send-out of his:
"Intelligence Rumblings:
I have avoided sharing certain information because I took an oath and will not break that oath. I am skating on the edge today because of information that I would be derelict in my duty if I did not share it. Islamists currently in the country, aided by those who have recently arrived via the southern sieve we call a border and those who boldly came on aircraft in a variety of disguises have a purpose in their criminality. Be warned, this is not for the faint of heart.
The target will be shopping malls. The method will be with explosive devices meant to inflict suffering and death and to wound as many as possible. This is terrorism in its lowest form. The purpose is to inflict fear in the hearts of Americans through this targeting of where we go to shop and relax.
The date will be a significant one for the Islamists. The event will happen simultaneously across America at hundreds of locations (note the number). The police, DHS, and security services throughout the nation should be warned and take appropriate action.
Why release this on Facebook? It turns out that the necessary agencies are reading my stuff. Why make phone calls when this gets the news out in a speedy fashion to all of them in an instant message.
Be warned, my sources on this are impeccable. I lay my 100% record of reliability on the line.- Dr. Jim Garrow
Jul 25, 2014"
President Trump's counselor Kellyanne Conway doesn't consider themselves a “feminist” in the traditional sense of the word.
In an interview published Thursday, the 50-year-old mother of four told The Washington Post that they don't align with the “pro-abortion,” “anti-male” tenets of modern feminism and considers themselves more of a “postfeminist.”
“I don't consider myself a feminist. I think my generation isn't a big fan of labels. My favorite label is mommy,” Mrs. Conway said.
“I feel like the feminist movement has been hijacked by the pro-abortion movement or the anti-male sentiments that you read in some of their propaganda and writings,” they continued. “I'm not anti-male. One does not need to be pro-female and call yourself a feminist, when with it comes that whole anti-male culture where we want young boys to sit down and shut up in the classroom.
“And we have all of these commercials that show what a feckless boob the man in the house is. That's not the way I see the men in my life, most especially my 12-year-old son,” they added. “I consider myself a postfeminist. I consider myself one of those women who are a product of their choices, not a victim of their circumstances.”
Mrs. Conway, who served as Mr. Trump's campaign manager and became the first woman to run a successful presidential campaign, said they are just now starting to realize how historic their involvement was.
“It's a bigger deal now in retrospect. I never gave it much thought during the campaign,” they told The Post.
“But looking back, I feel the enormity of that moment in time, mainly because of all the people I've heard from,” they said. “I consider myself more passionate than emotional, but it is nothing short of moving to hear from women and girls from all over the country and from men who say, ‘My daughters think you're a role model.'”
Mrs. Conway co-wrote the book “What Women Really Want: How American Women Are Quietly Erasing Political, Racial, Class, and Religious Lines to Change the Way We Live” with Celinda Lake in 2010.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
The United States Department of Commerce and the US embassy in Tel Aviv are co-promoting the Israel Unmanned Systems 2011 trade mission from 27 March to 1 April. Their partner — and the primary organizer — is Airlift, inc., an aerospace and consulting firm based in the settlement of Talpiot Mizrach (East Talpiot) in occupied East Jerusalem. This raises troubling questions about why Washington is promoting the Israeli arms trade and why it is doing so with a firm based in an illegal colony which explicitly contradicts official US policy as well as international law.
Airlift was founded in 2007 by Marc-Philippe Rudel, a French-Israeli electrical engineer and business person, to “promote economic cooperation and the establishment of global partnerships.” The company brings foreign arms industry and military officials to Israel for arranged business-to-business meetings, specially tailored seminars, industry workshops and visits to major Israeli armament firms and research institutes. Airlift's website states that its “offices are located in the heart of Jerusalem” but the address given puts them in occupied East Jerusalem. Airlift's Spanish subsidiary, Airlift Iberia, was established in September 2010.
Though considered a mainstream Jerusalem neighborhood by most Israelis — including Rudel, judging by their activism in the secular liberal/centrist “Awakening in Jerusalem” movement — East Talpiot is unanimously considered an illegal settlement by the international community including the United Nations, the International Court of Justice and the US government whose pronouncements consistently oppose Israeli settlements. However, Washington regularly takes actions — such as the recent veto of a UN Security Council resolution condemning settlements — to shield Israel from international condemnation and formerly contributed economic aid that was used directly for settlement infrastructure and construction. Promoting a trade mission with a firm based in a settlement points to the latter as being more representative of US policy, in spite of official pronouncements to the contrary. American sponsorship comes at a time when governments like Norway, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom are actively distancing themselves from settlement-related businesses. Requests for comment from the US State Department and Department of Commerce were not answered.
The trade mission's program includes visits to the facilities of several Israeli arms manufacturers deeply involved in the occupation. Israel Aerospace Industries, Aeronautics Defense Systems, BlueBird Aero Systems and Rafael Advanced Defense Systems are all on the schedule for the visiting delegation as well as an “upscale” reception at the US embassy in Tel Aviv. There will also be panels on the market for unmanned systems (drones) and an optional tour on the last day through the occupied Old City of Jerusalem.
Israel is a world-leader in the design and export of unmanned systems, especially unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). It also deploys them extensively in the occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip and over Lebanon. This battlefield experience, the history of deployment in service of military occupation, is a key marketing aspect for the tools. The website for the trade mission notes, for example, that BlueBird Aero Systems is an “official supplier of the Israeli Ministry of Defense and Israeli Air Force.”
There is already a history of partnerships between Israeli UAV manufacturers and American arms and aerospace firms, some of which pre-date Airlift's founding. Boeing, AAI and General Dynamics have all signed marketing agreements to promote Aeronautics Defense Systems models in the US. General Dynamics also helps promote Elbit Systems models, and Advanced Ceramics Research and Cubic Advanced Tactical Systems formerly helped market Rafael's now-discontinued Skylite drone. These firms and others are also engaged in research and development for their own production of UAVs. It is only the US arms industry's UAVs, in fact, which compete with those from Israel.
This is also not Airlift's first joint mission with the US Department of Commerce. In January 2010, they jointly organized and promoted the Israel Space 2010 Trade Mission which brought participants from Brazil, Belgium and the US to learn about and engage with many of the same arms manufacturers involved in the pending Unmanned Systems mission. Airlift regularly participates in trade and aerospace events promoted by the French, Brazilian, Canadian and other embassies. Rudel too is a consultant in charge of the aerospace industry sector for the Economic Mission of the Embassy of France.
The promoters are well aware that the same battlefield experience that gives Israeli UAVs a marketing edge is also a potential liability. A document from the 2010 Space Trade Mission available on the US Department of Commerce's BuyUSA.gov website notes that “geo-political concerns” are “potential obstacles” to Israeli firms tapping international markets more successfully. A recent example of this was Brazil's hesitancy in buying Israeli UAVs, as revealed by Wikileaks. The 2009 US diplomatic cable notes that Brazilian Defense Minister Nelson Jobim prepared arrangements to “prevent Brazil [from] having to buy UAVs from Israel, which had become politically sensitive” (15 January 2009 diplomatic cable, Wikileaks). With the increasing activity and popularity of the boycott, divestment and sanctions efforts aimed at ending the occupation, perhaps “potential obstacles” to future sales will prove more formidable.
Jimmy Johnson lives in Detroit and runs www.NegedNeshek.org, a news, data and analysis project researching Israeli arms exports. They can be reached at jimmy [at] negedneshek [dot] org.
About 23 percent of the universe is made up of mysterious 'dark matter' -- invisible material only detected through its gravitational influence on its surroundings. Now two astronomers based at the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) have found a hint of the way it behaves near black holes.
Their results appear in a letter in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.
In the early universe, clumps of dark matter are thought to have attracted gas, which then coalesced into stars that eventually assembled the galaxies we see today. In their efforts to understand galaxy formation and evolution, astronomers have spent a good deal of time attempting to simulate the build up of dark matter in these objects.
The UNAM astronomers, Dr. Xavier Hernandez and Dr. William Lee, calculated the way in which the black holes found at the centre of galaxies absorbs dark matter. These black holes have anything between millions and billions of times the mass of the Sun and draw in material at a high rate.
The researchers modelled the way in which the dark matter is absorbed by black holes and found that the rate at which this happens is very sensitive to the amount of dark matter found in the black holes' vicinity. If this concentration were larger than a critical density of 7 Suns of matter spread over each cubic light year of space, the black hole mass would increase so rapidly, hence engulfing such large amounts of dark matter, that soon the entire galaxy would be altered beyond recognition.
Dr. Hernandez explains, "Over the billions of years since galaxies formed, such runaway absorption of dark matter in black holes would have altered the population of galaxies away from what we actually observe."
Their work therefore suggests that the density of dark matter in the centres of galaxies tends to a constant value. By comparing their observations to what current models of the evolution of the universe predict, Hernandez and Lee conclude that it is probably necessary to change some of the assumptions that underpin these models -- dark matter may not behave in the way scientists thought it did.
You've probably heard of the legendary military units comprised entirely of ethnic minorities like the Buffalo Soldiers, the Tuskegee Airmen and the Navajo Code Talkers.
But did you know that the most decorated unit of its size and length of service in US military history was an all Asian American one?
It was the 100th Battalion, 442nd Infantry, and their story is truly remarkable.
In 1942, after the bombing of Pearl Harbor by Japanese Imperial forces, the United States was very clear on its stance toward Japanese Americans: treat them as potential enemies, round them up, and lock them behind fences and barbed wire. But the government wasn't quite sure what to do with the 1000+ Nisei (second generation) Japanese already serving in the US military. In 1941 the government classified all military age Japanese males as 4-C: enemy alien. But separating them from the military would have been a legal and administrative nightmare, and the US was desperate for as much manpower as possible to fill the armed forces after it joined the war. After much deliberation by top generals, in Hawaii, home to the largest population of Japanese Americans, 1,432 Japanese American Soldiers were plucked out of their National Guard units and loaded unto the USS Maui with no clue where they were going, under the dubious title of “Hawaii Provisional Infantry Battalion.” Many assumed that they were being shipped off to internment camps. Five days later they arrived in Oakland, California, re-designated as the 100th Infantry Battalion (Separate), and loaded onto passenger trains and transported to Camp McCoy, Wisconsin to begin training for the war. The entire way there, they were shielded from the public so that nobody knew that Japanese soldiers were being transported across the country.
After more than a year of training, the 100th Battalion was ready to deploy. They had encountered skepticism because of their small stature (average height was 5'4”) and suspicion about their loyalty to the United States because of their ethnic heritage. But every step of the way, they performed superbly, from academic tests to field exercises and even a few off-duty actions like saving a local from drowning in a frozen lake in Wisconsin. Their performance in their final exercise in Louisiana impressed top generals, and officials were keenly interested in how they would serve in combat. Against the recommendation of Army officials, the received the unit motto that they requested: “Remember Pearl Harbor.”
Though many wanted to go to the Pacific theater for revenge on the Japanese for bombing Hawaii, the government was wary of sending them to fight the Japanese, fearing that the Nisei's alliances would be challenged once they came face to face with an enemy that looked like them. They were shipped off instead to the Mediterranean theater and saw intensely heavy fighting in Italy. In the Battle of Monte Cassino, they earned the nickname of “The Purple Heart Battalion” because of the staggering amount of casualties. They landed in Italy with 1300 men, and five months later were down to 521.
They received three waves of men from the 442nd Regimental Combat Team, a separate, all-volunteer Nisei force, to replenish the ranks. The 442nd would arrive as a whole unit soon.
The 100th Battalion was next sent to the Anzio beachhead, 35 miles south of Rome. Successfully clearing the beachhead would enable the Allies to assault and capture the Italian capital. However, German positions were dug in firmly, and a long stalemate ensued.
One of the officers of the Battalion, Lieutenant Young Oak Kim, stepped up to help end this stalemate. Kim was a Los Angeles-born Korean American who, after graduating from Officer Candidate School, was assigned to the 100th Battalion. Noting the animosity toward the Japanese from the Korean community due to the Japanese occupation of Korea at the time, the Army offered Kim a reassignment to a different unit. Kim adamantly refused, stating,
“there [are] no Japanese or Koreans here. We're all Americans and we're fighting for the same cause.”
First Lieutenant Kim and Private First Class Irving Akahoshi embarked on an extremely dangerous mission and crawled behind enemy lines, snuck up, disarmed and captured two German Soldiers, all while they were within earshot of Nazi Soldiers just yards away who were unaware of what was going on, and gathered key intelligence that ultimately allowed the Allies to break through German defenses and capture the Anzio beachhead. They were personally awarded with a Distinguished Service Cross, the second highest military honor, by the Fifth Army Commander General Mark Clark.
The Battalion was then asked to take over hill 435 near Lanuvio, the last of the heavy German defenses before the Allies could take Rome. It was a mission that two other units had failed, but the Purple Heart Battalion completed the task, and all that was left to do was march into the city and claim it. But seven miles away from Rome, the unit was ordered to halt its advance and was forced to stand by the side of the road and watch as trucks of white soldiers went to claim the glory of capturing Rome from the Axis powers. The Nisei were kept on the outskirts, and never saw the city.
The 442nd Regimental Combat Team
The outstanding combat record of the 100th Battalion overseas and the advocacy of the Varsity Victory Volunteers—former Nisei Hawaii ROTC cadets who formed their own organization to serve the community after being discharged from the Hawaii Territorial Guard at home, led president FDR to approve the formation of a new, all-volunteer Nisei unit. The War department called for 1500 volunteers from Hawaii and received an overwhelming 10,000. They targeted 3000 from the mainland and only got 1182. The disparity was clearly a result of the fact that Japanese Hawaiians were spared from incarceration due to logistical and financial impracticality while the majority of mainland Japanese were herded into internment camps. The quota was revised and ultimately the original unit consisted of about 3000 Hawaiians and 800 mainlanders. FDR commented, in beguiling hypocrisy, “Americanism is not, and never was, a matter of race or ancestry,” less than one year after they signed legislation forcing 120,000 Japanese Americans into concentration camps. As the war went on and casualties dwindled the numbers a draft was instated, forcing more mainland Japanese into the 442nd.
Keep in mind that most of the Nisei that volunteered to join from the mainland were already in one of the internment camps across the country. They literally signed up for the Army from the inside of a concentration camp. Think about that for a second. The government of the country where you were born and raised took you, your parents, and your siblings and put you on a train going far away from your home to the middle of nowhere and put your family behind fences and barbed wire with guards atop towers pointing machine guns at you. Yet you decide to volunteer and risk your life to serve the very government that stripped you of your property, possessions, and dignity, so that you can prove your loyalty to a country that betrayed you and so future generations can have a better life. If that isn't heroism, I don't know what is.
From the moment the Hawaiians and mainlanders met, there was trouble. Hawaiians spoke pidgin, and mainlanders spoke proper English. Hawaiians liked to drink, gamble, and have a good time; the mainlanders seemed serious and stiff in comparison. Hawaiians liked to go out on the town and party, and thought the mainlanders were stingy and boring for never wanting to spend money. Fistfights between the groups broke out often, and the Army seriously considered disbanding the unit. Legend has it that the recruits finally came together after officers in charge of training the unit took the Hawaiian Soldiers to witness one of the Japanese internment camps in Arkansas, when they finally understood why the mainlanders were the way they were—bitter and resentful at the government, determined to stay out of trouble, and prone to saving their money to help their families who had lost everything. After that the unit was like a “tightly clenched fist.”
The 442nd left for Italy, where they met the already battle-hardened 100th Battalion. They were formally joined, and the 442nd Regimental Combat Team now consisted of the 100th, 2nd and 3rd Battalions; the original 1st had sent most of its men to replenish the 100th, and instead of reflagging to become the new 1st BN, the 100th was allowed to keep its designation due to its notable combat record.
The new 100th/442nd Infantry helped drive the Germans north out of Italy saw nonstop combat. They were then redirected to Marseille and took part in an assault pushing North from the South of France while Allied troops who landed in Normandy pushed from the West. The 442nd liberated several towns in France, which in their gratitude dedicated monuments and named streets after the men.
Directly following, in perhaps their most famous battle, Major General Dalquist, the Division commander, ordered the 442nd to rescue 200 stranded men of the 1st Battalion, 141st Regiment of the 36th “Texas” Division, who were surrounded by German troops deep in the forest and were running out of food and ammunition. The Texans were put in the situation in the first place by General Dalquist—a man with a reputation for ignoring their advisors, making brash decisions and carelessly putting their men at risk unnecessarily. Just like in Monte Cassino, the Nisei succeeded in a mission that two other Battalions had failed. After five days of perhaps some of the most intense fighting they saw in the war, they rescued 211 Soldiers of the “Lost Battalion,” at a cost of 800 casualties to their own. But instead of being relieved, like the 211 men of the 141st, the Nisei were ordered to continue pushing north for another nine days.
Shortly after the heroic event, General Dalquist ordered the men of the 442nd to stand in a formation so they could be recognized for their efforts.
When only a small number of men showed up, they barked angrily at the commander, saying “You disobeyed my orders. I told you to have the whole regiment.” The colonel looked them in the eye and reportedly said, “General, this is the regiment. The rest are either dead or in the hospital.”
By the end of the war, the original unit had to be replaced 2.5 times. In total, around 14,000 men had served, and 9,486 had received a Purple Heart—almost 70%.
The war was over. The Nisei had defeated the Nazis in Europe, but they would return home to fight the most important battle of their lives: the fight for civil rights and equal treatment. Many of the Soldiers' families were still in concentration camps when they returned. Signs saying “No Japs allowed” were common, and employers frequently barred Japanese applicants from being hired. Instead of being seen as war heroes, they were still associated with the enemy.
Harry S Truman, president of the United States by the end of the war, was appalled when Eleanor Roosevelt alerted them of the acts of white terrorists and vigilantes who harassed and abused the Japanese returning from the war.
“These disgraceful actions almost make you believe that a lot of our Americans have a streak of Nazi in them…it certainly makes me ashamed,”
they remarked. Truman, a military veteran himself, had immense respect and appreciation for members of the 100th/442nd, and received the unit in a ceremony at the White House. They remarked of them, “Their service is a credit not only to their race and to America, but to the finest qualities in human nature.” In a speech told the veterans, “You fought not only the enemy, but you fought prejudice—and you have won.” Moved by their service, Truman personally fought to ensure the Japanese were treated fairly, and did what they could despite a House and Senate that was still heavily anti-Japanese. Among other actions, they pushed for the end of segregated military units and for Hawaii's petition for statehood.
Many Medals of Honor nominations were submitted for members of the 100th/442nd, but only 1 was awarded by the end of the war. In 2000, President Bill Clinton signed an order upgrading 20 Soldiers' Distinguished Service Crosses to Medals of Honor. During their presentation they said,
“Rarely has a nation been so well served by a people it has so ill-treated. … They risked their lives, above and beyond the call of duty. And in so doing, they did more than defend America; in the face of painful prejudice, they helped to define America at its best.”
During my senior year of college, I had the honor of meeting one of these veterans during an AAPI Heritage Month event. I stood in line to meet them and when I shook their hand, I couldn't let go, and kept on saying over and over, “thank you, thank you…” Words were not enough to express my gratitude for what this man went through to serve our country and to represent Asian Americans during some of the toughest times in US history.
It's a story I wish more Americans knew about, and one that at the very least, every Asian American should know. There was a movie in 1951 about the 100th/442nd called Go For Broke! (the 442nd's motto), and there were talks in recent years of a major motion picture about the story, but it doesn't seem like any are going to materialize. I don't know if America is ready yet, but with the presence of Asian actors in Hollywood steadily growing, maybe it could become a reality soon. Perhaps a one series TV show on HBO would be the best fit…imagine an Asian American Band of Brothers. God that would be awesome.
Remember Pearl Harbor! Go For Broke!
Sources:
100th Battalion Official Website
Go For Broke Foundation
Speech by GEN Eric Shinseki during AAPI Heritage Month Observance
Smithsonian Medal of Honor Tribute to 100th/442nd Veterans
Harry S Truman and Japanese Americans
Note: There were also an estimated 20,000 Chinese Americans who volunteered to fight during the war, a not insignificant amount. However they were allowed to serve integrated with normal units since China was an ally of the US at the time and Chinese Americans were not seen as a threat.
Advertisements
A U.S. law enforcement agency petitioned Google to take down a YouTube video showing police brutality, the web giant revealed in a new report.
Google said it refused the request, placed sometime between January and June of this year, though it did not specify why.
"We received a request from a local law enforcement agency to remove YouTube videos of police brutality, which we did not remove," Google wrote in its Transparency Report. "Separately, we received requests from a different local law enforcement agency for removal of videos allegedly defaming law enforcement officials. We did not comply with those requests, which we have categorized in this Report as defamation requests."
Of the 757 items that Google was asked to remove by the U.S. government in the first half of 2011, eighty percent were motivated by allegations of defamation.
The company complied with 63 percent of the U.S. government's requests. Google noted that it may decline to comply with requests to remove content because an agency has failed to obtain a court order.
"Some requests may not [be] specific enough for us to know what the government wanted us to remove (for example, no URL is listed in the request), and others involve allegations of defamation through informal letters from government agencies rather than a court orders [sic]," Google wrote. "We generally rely on courts to decide if a statement is defamatory according to local law."
The Atlantic's Rebecca Rosen praised Google for its decision to deny the law enforcement agency's request, arguing that the move sets a powerful precedent:
With this report, Google seems to be indicating that users who post such videos have the company's protection. In places like Egypt and Tunisia, the spread of videos portraying government brutality seems to have galvanized protesters. If Google were to take down such videos, that could have a powerful detrimental effect on the Occupy movement.
TechCrunch likewise suggests Google is attempting to send a message both to users and to governments in an attempt to position itself as a trustworthy resource:
I think that in this time of turmoil, Google is saying very quietly what it wouldn't really be tactful to say loudly: “Put your sensitive and controversial video data here.” Certainly a site like LiveLeak is also an option, but YouTube finds itself the center of attention more frequently, and being more of a popular culture community, it wants to emphasize its legitimacy in matters like this. The transparency report is a way for them to encourage users to trust them, and perhaps, governments to respect them.
Between January and June 2011, American government entities filed 5,950 requests for information on Google users, 93 percent of which the company complied with.
The U.S. topped charts as the government that placed the third highest number of content removal requests, behind Brazil and Germany, but ahead of China. The U.S. also put in more requests for user data than any other country in the world.
A big milestone for the Ashes of Creation team and community arrives as Intrepid is presenting the game at PAX West in Seattle this coming weekend. Ashes will have a booth on the main PAX show floor where they are offering fans a chance to play the game first-hand, with both PvE and PvP game experiences available. The team discusses the process of preparing for PAX on the latest developer live-stream last week. Be sure to give it a watch if you want to learn more about what to expect from the show.
During the PAX weekend itself, there will be a number of live streams from PAX, players experiencing the demo, PAX panel at 12pm PST Sunday streamed on the front page of Twitch with a big announcement and special guests. This article describes what I believe are some of the biggest and most important things that we, as fans, can realistically look forward to from the PAX events.
Maintain momentum in cultivating community enthusiasm
Ashes of Creation has benefited from a tremendous growth of community following its hugely successful Kickstarter earlier this Summer which raised almost $3.3 million from 20,000 backers. Since that initial round of crowd-funding, the community has grown explosively as more and more players become aware of the game and begin to share Intrepid's dream for revitalizing the genre.
In contrast to the overwhelming success during the Kickstarter period, the last 2 months have been moderately less lustrous for Intrepid. Their second funding and backer campaign in June which was run through the game's official website was somewhat less successful, raising $300,000 in contributions from 2,500 backers. In the lead-up to the June campaign Intrepid expressed confidence that, based on regional and transactional restrictions, the June campaign would draw a larger response, evidenced by the ambitious backer goals for the campaign which supported stretch goals for up to 11,500 backers.
Additionally, the fan community encountered a minor speed bump in its development when Intrepid's Community Manager, Yaviey, stepped away from the studio due to "creative differences". Intrepid is working to hire a replacement, but in the short term there has been less direct engagement between Intrepid and sectors of the fan community outside of the official Discord server, which continues to be extremely active.
PAX presents a fantastic chance both to generate a huge amount of enthusiasm for the existing community and new fans, alike. One of the biggest points which will define the success of PAX for the Ashes team is the degree to which the enthusiasm level of the larger MMO community will respond to the gameplay and information about the game which they present at the event. Ashes is going "all-in" at PAX with a large booth directly on the show floor next to heavy-hitters like Capcom, Bandai, and Twitch. Not only are they in a prominent position, but they are debuting a custom booth design featuring the signature portals which are iconic for the racial starting areas in the Ashes game world. The cost of exhibiting with such a large and professionally constructed setup can be significant, so it's an important opportunity to make the most of the exposure that PAX provides to generate substantial hype for the game.
Observe unfiltered interaction with the Ashes game engine
Intrepid's commitment to put a playable build of the game in players hands so early on in development is inspiring. It represents a bold call to put the game in players' hands mere months after the initial Kickstarter. I suspect that the decision to demo the game at PAX has acted as a commitment device, forcing Intrepid to prioritize the player experience of the game from a very early point during development. This represents a considerable contrast to other games which are currently funded via Kickstarter but have placed much more development emphasis on the low-level architecture of their game engine and design principles. Hopefully the emphasis that Intrepid has placed on the player-facing side of the game has not come overly at the expense of early investment in depth of design, but based on the initial shots of pre-Alpha gameplay, the game's interface and user experience look very promising for the playability of the game's current build.
Thus-far, we have seen pre-prepared videos of gameplay from developers at Intrepid, PAX will be the first opportunity to observe a more unfiltered player experience with a variety of playable classes (four), weapon sets, areas, and enemy types. There will almost certainly be a number of high profile reactions from press, streamers, and notable fan community members. The quality of in-game experience which Intrepid is able to provide during the convention will, potentially, have a big impact on early perception of the game and its potential.
Despite all the potential of grandiose gameplay systems like nodes, caravans, sieges, and corruption, the quality and success of Ashes of Creation will hinge critically on the feel of the game engine, the combat system, and the player experience of engaging with the world. We will get the first unfiltered glimpse of this experience at PAX this weekend, which is incredibly exciting!
Possible announcement on Alpha 1 timing
During the pre-PAX stream, Steven mentioned that there would be an exciting announcement during the panel presentation on Sunday at noon PST. This announcement could be a number of things, but given that the game now has over 20,000 backers who are eagerly awaiting the beginning of scheduled Alpha and Beta testing, my money is on this announcement having to do with the anticipated timing of Alpha 1. Given that Intrepid already has a build of the game which they feel confident in exposing to the general public at PAX, they surely must not be very far away from early phases of Alpha testing.
They did caveat, however, that the gameplay experience shown at PAX is much more limited in scope than what will be available in Alpha. When asked how PAX gameplay will differ from the game in early Alpha, Jeffrey clarified:
The PAX demo is a really contained 10-15 minute experience because we need to show a lot of people stuff. Alpha will be a lot more of the real game, more zones, a more broad experience.
Hopefully the convention attendees who get their hands on the game next weekend will be aware of this, games which exhibit at PAX are typically within one year from their release date. There is some risk in showing the game so early that press and members of the broader gaming community may fail to contextualize Ashes as a game which is still pre-Alpha and likely several years from release. Either way I'm tremendously excited to see how things go and hope that the game inspires more fans to buy into Intrepid's vision for the game.
Stay tuned for more PAX coverage
Both myself and @Isarii are fortunate to be attending PAX this year, so be sure to check back on Ashen Foundry throughout the weekend and next week for coverage, articles, and (possibly) more as we share our experiences with the game. Let us know in the comments below what are your biggest questions that you have for Steven, Jeffrey, and the other Intrepid developers. We will do our best to pick some good ones to discuss as we get the chance to chat with them at the Ashes booth.
It appears the Senate may be moving closer to a final vote on the late Mauril Belanger's private member's bill that, if passed, would change the lyrics of O Canada to make them gender neutral.
Today, at third reading for bill C-210, the Senate voted down an amendment moved by Conservative Senator Don Plett, and passed by a Senate committee, that would have likely doomed the bill.
The late Liberal MP Mauril Bélanger's bill will replace "in all thy sons command" with "in all of us command" in the English version of the anthem.
Plett said they did not feel comfortable altering the song and suggested a compromise to change the lyrics to "thou dost in us command" instead — reverting to the original wording of the song penned by Judge Robert Stanley Weir in 1908.
And while Plett's intervention kept the language gender neutral, had the amendment passed, it would have required the bill to be sent back to the House of Commons for another vote.
Because Bélanger has died — they passed away last summer from ALS — MPs would have to unanimously agree for another MP to act as sponsor of the bill to oppose the amendment, something that is unlikely.
With Plett's amendment being defeated in the Senate Thrusday by a vote of 41 against, 18 for and nine abstentions, it is possible now for Senators to pass the bill and send it on to the Governor General for royal assent in time for Canada Day.
A final vote on the bill can, however, still be delayed. Any member of the Senate can adjourn debate in their name, punting a vote or delaying further discussion indefinitely.
On Oct. 6, that committee sent letters to both Ms. Spangenberg and Julie Brock, the other student with a conditional diploma, demanding that they turn over all emails from March 22 to March 31 “relating to” or “to/from any individuals at Starr King.”
The letter also asks each woman to “provide access to your laptop that was in use” during that period. It refers to the board's May 19 letter stating its desire “to assess whether, and if so, to what extent” the two women “bear responsibility for the breach.” In other words, the board harbored suspicion that the women were not saying all that they knew.
Ms. Spangenberg and Ms. Brock said that turning over their emails, even if they blacked out certain names, could betray confidences from their works as chaplaincy or ministerial interns. Besides, they said, they did not send either email, and in fact had not read the attachment from Strapped Student. Anonymity is not their style, they said — both pride themselves on their outspokenness.
“I was student body president last year, and Suzi was elected to the board of trustees,” said Ms. Brock, who was interviewed from their lawyer's office. “The student body voted for me to take the issues of mistrust to the president, and say we wanted a student ombudsman.”
One trustee has resigned in support of the students, as has Ms. Ritchie, who was passed over for the presidency. They said the students were persecuted for airing their views.
“They've both very vocal, and I believe responsible, critics of the Starr King administration,” Ms. Ritchie said. “They were the only people inside the school itself who admitted having seen the documents” — the first email — “at a point when it was in very wide distribution.” They are paying a price for “being forthright when nobody else in the community was.”
Helio Fred Garcia, the chairperson of the Starr King board, said that after being warned that the documents were confidential, Ms. Spangenberg and Ms. Brock “continued to circulate the documents and discuss the documents at a meeting they had called.” What's more, they said, the two students intended “to distribute them further.”
Story highlights The submaringer is to be sentenced Friday
Their lawyers cited Clinton's handling of their emails in plea for leniency
(CNN) A Navy sailor facing prison time for taking photos of a classified area on a US nuclear attack submarine is asking a federal judge for leniency, citing the government's decision not to indict Hillary Clinton for mishandling classified information.
Petty Officer First Class Kristian Saucier, a 29-year-old mechanic, admitted they used their personal cellphone on three occasions in 2009 to take six pictures of the submarine's classified propulsion system while working in the engine room, according to court documents.
In a court filing, Saucier's lawyer compares the half-dozen classified photos Saucier had in their possession to the 110 classified emails the FBI determined were on Hillary Clinton's personal server.
"Mr. Saucier possessed six (6) photographs classified as 'confidential/restricted,' far less than Clinton's 110 emails," Derrick Hogan wrote to the US District Court in Bridgeport, Connecticut, in a story first reported by Politico.
Advocating for probation, Hogan said it would be "unjust and unfair" for Saucier -- who has pleaded guilty -- to do prison time "for a crime those more powerful than them will likely avoid."
Read More
Reports indicate that militants are positioned near a famous Roman-era city, and the group has a penchant for smashing pre-Islamic antiquities and shrines it considers blasphemous.
Reports indicate that militants are positioned near a famous Roman-era city, and the group has a penchant for smashing pre-Islamic antiquities and shrines it considers blasphemous.
Islamic State militants seized control of the majority of the Syrian city of Palmyra on Wednesday, marking the second significant strategic gain for the group in the past week and leaving one of the region's most renowned archaeological sites in peril.
Activists and Syrian state media said pro-government forces had withdrawn from the city 130 miles northeast of Damascus after a week-long assault by the militants. The city's notorious Tadmor Prison, where scores of anti-regime political prisoners are incarcerated, was also in the extremist group's hands by nightfall, activists said.
The gain consolidates the Islamic State's control west toward the Syrian capital and east in the direction of the border with Iraq, where militants seized the city of Ramadi on Sunday. Advances by the Islamic State demonstrate the group's ability to continue to take territory, despite recent assertions by American officials that it remains largely on the defensive after 10 months of U.S.-led airstrikes.
The fall of Palmyra to Islamic State forces effectively puts its ancient sites, which lie just on the outskirts of the modern city, in the group's hands. Irina Bokova, ­director-general of UNESCO, said they were “ deeply concerned” about the situation at the site, which rose to prominence as a wealthy caravan oasis in the 1st century A.D. After some 2,000 years, the striking Roman colonnades of the Temple of Baal still stand majestically in the desert.
[Why the ancient city of Palmyra matters]
A video purports to show smoke rising over the Syrian city of Palmyra amid reports that Islamic State fighters have seized around a third of the historic city that is home to ancient ruins that date back some 2000 years. (Reuters)
Since its advances in Iraq last summer, the Islamic State has laid waste to sites dating to antiquity, branding them heretical according to its interpretation of Islam. Its fighters have smashed statues and buildings and sold off ancient artifacts that were small enough to be smuggled. The area surrounding Palmyra is also rich in gas and oil, potentially boosting the Islamic State's wealth.
The “vast majority” of the city is in Islamic State hands, said a Syrian activist who is in contact with sources in the area. They spoke on the condition of anonymity for security reasons.
Clashes were continuing at the city's military intelligence headquarters, while Islamic State fighters had surrounded the military airport and seized several weapons depots, they said.
An activist in Palmyra who for security reasons uses the pseudonym Ahmed al-Homsi said the Islamic State had released prisoners from Tadmor. The Syrian government's warplanes were carrying out airstrikes Wednesday night, they said.
The capture of Palmyra, home to roughly 50,000 people, is one of the Islamic State's first significant advances directly against President Bashar al-Assad's forces. Islamic State fighters had previously won ground in Syria mainly from rebel groups.
Pro-government defense units had withdrawn from Palmyra after evacuating civilians following an attack during which Islamic State militants attempted to enter the city's archaeological sites, the Syrian state news agency SANA reported.
Hundreds of ancient statues were removed from Palmyra for safekeeping as the militants closed in, Syrian officials told the news agency. Pro-government forces had largely pulled back 25 miles southwest to Sawwana, activists said.
A general view taken on May 18, 2015, shows the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, shortly before it was seized by Islamic State fighters. (Str/AFP/Getty Images)
Fall of Ramadi reflects failure of Iraq's strategy against ISIS
The hidden hand behind the Islamic State militants? Saddam Hussein's
Assad's hold on power looks shakier than ever
PHILADELPHIA — It was a jarring transition. At the Democratic National Convention last Wednesday, a video by James Cameron depicted the impacts of climate change against a dramatic score — global warming as disaster movie, essentially. Then California Gov. Jerry Brown took the stage and said climate change “affects the entire earth and all living things. It's slow. It's relentless.” But even as they tried to emphasize the importance of climate change, speakers struggled to make it resonate.
The evening became much more powerful when it turned to an emotional string of speeches about gun violence. Christine Leinonen, the mother of an Orlando nightclub shooting victim, spoke, as did Erica Smegielski, the daughter of a Sandy Hook victim, and two survivors of the Charleston church shooting, Felicia Sanders and Polly Sheppard. Sen. Chris Murphy of Connecticut, who's advocated for gun control legislation since the Sandy Hook shooting, also gave a passionate speech, as well as former member of congress Gabrielle Giffords, who is still recovering from a 2011 shooting. Each had a story to tell of how gun violence has hurt them and loved ones. And it wasn't the only night Democrats zeroed in on gun control, highlighting personal stories to show why many Americans have had enough of lax policies.
I couldn't help but wonder: Where are the personal, powerful stories about climate change?
Though the party has supposedly put climate change front and center, Democratic politicians still talk about it as a far-off problem that will affect future generations. Even Bernie Sanders, who gets a lot of credit for pushing the issue onto the national stage, said in their convention speech that we must address climate change so we can “leave this world in a way that is healthy and habitable for our kids and future generations.” Or Democrats just affirm their belief in climate science, as Hillary Clinton did in their speech, and then they move on. These dry nods to the future and to science paled in comparison to the personal stories recounted about other issues, from gun violence to Black Lives Matter to the sacrifices of a Muslim soldier's family.
But people are suffering from extreme climate impacts today, too, and they would make much better spokespeople for the problem than politicians and movie directors.
Five thousand California residents, many of them Latino, had to live without any running water at least part of last year because of the state's prolonged drought. Alaskan Native communities are losing their land to rising sea levels and erosion and are being forced to relocate. Residents of Isle de Jean Charles in southeastern Louisiana are considered by some to be the first officially recognized “climate refugees” in the U.S. because they will receive federal grants to help them move away from their flood-ravaged community. Many people have lost their homes to increasingly intense wildfires, and lost loved ones to flash floods.
There are a lot of reasons why it is difficult to find people to tell stories about how climate change is negatively affecting their lives. For one, weather has a complicated relationship to climate change. Your average American might not understand the connection between these disasters and greenhouse gas emissions, even though scientists agree that as global temperatures go up, weather will get more extreme. Connecting personal climate stories to politics can be hard, too: It's not like electing another Democrat would make any of these problems disappear.
All of these helps to explain why it's so difficult to communicate with voters and the public about climate change. Climate journalism has the same problem of focusing too little on people's stories, which are going to become much more common over the next few decades. But we should try harder to tell them now in order to prevent a future where they become routine.
Arsenal has a goalkeeper crisis but ex-Gunner Jens Lehmann still walks tall
Mad Jens: Stuttgart 'keeper Jens Lehmann
On Mercedesstrasse, in downtown Stuttgart, underneath one of those city centre flyovers that used to be called futuristic, a smile begins to crack across the face of Jens Lehmann.
As it widens, Lehmann says: ‘Fan-tastic! I realised that day how fantastic football in England was. I called home and said, “It's fantastic, the people here punch and push each other and they don't even get booked!” Fan-tastic.'
The smile stayed. Lehmann was rewinding to September 2003, to only their eighth Arsenal game, to Old Trafford, to Ruud van Nistelrooy, Martin Keown, Patrick Vieira's red card and one of the dust-ups of the decade.
Now 40, Lehmann is into the last four months of a 22-year career.  They are starting an appraisal.
‘Man U won a penalty on a dive by Van Nistelrooy,' says Lehmann. ‘All of a sudden there was a big clash of players and everybody punched each other.
‘But the referee didn't book anyone!
'So Van Nistelrooy had this chance to score in the 88th minute and he'd never failed before from the spot. But this time they hit the crossbar. The game ended 0-0.
‘About three days later I realised there was this big inquiry into the incident. I think three from United got suspended and four of us.'
Lehmann laughs at their lack of awareness. All but one of their previous 15 professional years had been spent in the Bundesliga, so it was forgivable. England was new and, even if they sometimes gave the opposite impression, Lehmann loved it.
Arsene Wenger pulled off one of their shock transfers when they acquired the German a couple of months before that Old Trafford furore.
Clash: Martin Keown clashes with Ruud van Nistelrooy in Lehmann's first season
Lehmann, then 33, was signed for £1.2million from Borussia Dortmund as David Seaman's successor and England soon got to know the eccentric character Arsenal players referred to as ‘Mad Jens'.
But Wenger's choice was quickly vindicated. In their first season Lehmann became an ‘Invincible', going the entire League campaign undefeated.
The reason they were talking about that match at United was because that was the closest they feel Arsenal came to losing. In fact, it was United who were later to end that record-breaking run of 49 unbeaten games.
Relishing memories of the bust-up, they add: ‘A year later there was “Pizzagate”. We lost to a Rooney dive. I was in the tunnel, of course, and I saw ... I can't tell you what I saw. Ferguson was, eh...
‘I'm writing a book. So I'm keeping that. It's due in May. But I don't want to hurt myself. I have a decision: if I never, ever want to work in football again, I can write a great book.
'But, just in case I want to stay in the game, I can soften it. The decision hasn't been made.
‘Arsene Wenger doesn't need to fear anything. They already know I'm angry because they didn't pick me in my last year — but only on a professional basis.'
Adored: Arsenal fans loved their eccentric goalkeeper and paid them a massive tribute on their final game for the club in 2007
In fact, after Lukasz Fabianski's Porto debacle, the Arsenal boss may feel they have not yet replaced Lehmann, whose birth certificate must come with a question mark.
As the Invincibles' season confirms, theirs is a career of regular high achievement. Lehmann has won league titles in England, Germany and Italy, where they were with AC Milan for a season. They have won the UEFA Cup and the FA Cup. They have played in European Championships and World Cups for Germany, won 61 caps and appeared, albeit briefly, in a European Cup final.
But when we think of Lehmann it is Mad Jens, not medals, that comes to mind. It felt like a rude place to take the conversation, but what does Lehmann think of this overshadowing reputation for eccentricity?
‘Spot on,' is the snappy reply. It was not the expected answer. But then Lehmann's unpredictability is established.
Stuttgart host Barcelona in the first leg of the last 16 of the Champions League on Tuesday. It is the first time Lehmann has faced them since the 2006 final in Paris, when they were sent off after 18 minutes for a foul on Samuel Eto'o. Arsenal lost 2-1.
‘I had some bad feelings about myself,' they say of the incident. ‘It was spur of the moment, me stretching out to touch Eto'o, and you can't reverse it.'
Yet we need to go back a mere three months, to Stuttgart's last Champions League group game against Unirea Urziceni, for Lehmann's last controversy, or alleged controversy, as they see it.
Low ebb: Lehmann brings down Barcelona's Samuel Eto'o in the Champions League Final (above) and gets sent off (below)
During the match, they were caught short, leapt over an advertising hoarding and relieved himself. Then they ran back into position as the opposition attacked. It was Sunday League stuff. Germany was staggered — ‘Pee-peegate'.
The country was just getting over them taking a helicopter to training. Others are probably still talking about their Shilton-Clemence rivalry with Oliver Kahn for the national jersey.
As they have got older the noise surrounding Lehmann has increased, not faded. So how was their Unirea-urinal activity regarded?
'It was regarded as worth reporting,' Lehmann says dismissively, the only time they cool. ‘It is what it is. Sometimes things that happen to me are perceived as being eccentric.
'Those things happen to other people, but in my case those things are highlighted more. I have to cope with that.
‘Sometimes the media here are over the top. There are not a lot of personalities in the German league. I underestimated that.
International rivals: Lehmann (above) kept Oliver Kahn (below) out of the German team for the 2006 World Cup
‘There are many big stars in England, in and outside football, particularly in London. I was small there, which I really appreciated. But after the last World Cup my image here changed, to that of a hero. I underestimated that.'
Lehmann's excellence in the World Cup quarter-final shoot-out against Argentina — they had made notes on their takers' preferences — enabled them to make saves which altered their image at home.
That took some doing. As a young keeper at Schalke they had once been replaced at half-time after being booed. Lehmann left the ground, borrowed some money and took the tram home.
‘It was a complete humiliation,' they say.
After Milan, whom they regret leaving too soon — ‘they told me to be patient; I wasn't' — they joined Schalke rivals Borussia Dortmund.
‘In Dortmund I had to experience really bad things,' they recall. ‘I was targeted in my private life by some people. That wasn't easy. They insulted my wife, me, my new-born child.
'I was so angry I could have ... but when we won the title and got to the UEFA Cup final, most understood I gave everything.'
In Germany's defence, understanding Lehmann is not straightforward. They say they may not retire in May — ‘look at Michael Schumacher' — though they add of their unpredictability: ‘What I think you can say that is predictable is my performance. I've been consistent.
‘In all the teams I've played in, we have won something, except for Stuttgart and we're still in the Champions League.'
They laugh again. Stuttgart is ninth in the Bundesliga, Barcelona are European champions.
'It's possible! There's a chance.'
And, with Jens Lehmann, you never know.
Buddy Hield will likely have a role off the bench. (Getty)
A look at the key offseason moves and changes for every team in the league. Next up are the New Orleans Pelicans.
OFFSEASON ADDITIONS
Free agents
Solomon Hill
E'Twaun Moore
Langston Galloway
Tim Frazier
Terrence Jones
Alonzo Gee
Chris Copeland
Robert Sacre
Shawn Dawson
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Draft
Buddy Hield
Cheick Diallo
THE REWIND
Making up for recent drafts
The Pelicans, who haven't had a first-round pick since taking Anthony Davis in 2012, changed that trend in June.
In drafting Buddy Hield in the first round and Chieck Diallo early in the second, New Orleans took two players who went in opposite directions in their college careers.
Hield, a 22-year-old senior who was the 2016 Naismith Player of the Year, went to Oklahoma under the radar but developed to become the best shooter in college basketball.
Hield, like most rookies, will find the transition challenging during their first year and will likely play a role coming off the bench this season.
Diallo, one of the most sought after recruits in the nation, struggled their first season at Kansas.
A consensus lottery pick before the season, the 19-year-old didn't play much at Kansas.
Diallo has a strong upside and plays hard, and could reward New Orleans with lottery level talent if developed properly.
Versatility with question marks
In a league that has seen the style of play focus on interchangeable lineups, New Orleans made a concerted effort to build its roster with versatility.
With Eric Gordon and Ryan Anderson no longer on the Pelicans, New Orleans took the money freed up once their cap holds were renounced and hit the free-agent market.
Though the plan was sound, the signings of Solomon Hill, E'Twaun Moore, Langston Galloway and Tim Frazier come with question marks and a steep price tag.
Story continues
Although Hill is coming off a strong playoff series in April against Toronto, the 25-year-old did not have their fourth-year rookie option picked up by the Pacers. They have been inconsistent and has played sporadic minutes since being drafted in 2013.
Now with a $48 million contract, it will be interesting to see how Hill performs.
CAP BREAKDOWN
Player 2016
1. Anthony Davis $22,116,750
2. Jrue Holiday $11,286,518
3. Solomon Hill $11,241,218
4. Tyreke Evans $10,203,755
5. Omer Asik $9,904,494
6. E'Twaun Moore $8,081,363
7. Langston Galloway $5,200,000
8. Alexis Ajinca $4,563,203
9. Quincy Pondexter $3,617,978
10. Buddy Hield $3,517,200
11. Dante Cunningham $2,978,250
12. Tim Frazier $2,090,000
13. Alonzo Gee $1,400,000
14. Terrence Jones $980,431
15. Cheick Diallo $543,471
Non-guaranteed 2016
16. Chris Copeland $980,431
17. Robert Sacre $980,431
18. Shawn Dawson $543,471
Salary table 2016
Guaranteed salaries $97,724,631
Dead money $0
Non-guaranteed $2,504,333
Tax variance $436,960
Free-agent cap holds $0
Incomplete roster charge $0
Salaries: cap $100,228,964
Salaries: tax $100,665,924
Salary cap $94,143,000
Luxury tax $113,287,000
Cap space None ($6,085,964 over)
Tax room $12,621,076
It was all about timing for New Orleans during the first few weeks of free agency.
The Pelicans ended June without cap space but started free agency with roughly $24 million in space once the large holds of Anderson and Gordon were removed.
The room created was used to sign Hill, Moore, Gee, Galloway and Diallo.
Tim Frazier was signed with part of the room mid-level exception.
Solomon Hill signed a $48 million deal. (AP)
RESTRICTIONS
Free agents signed in the offseason cannot be traded until either Dec. 15, Jan. 15 or for three months if they signed after Sept. 15.
Hill, Moore, Galloway, Frazier, Jones, Gee, Copeland, Sacre and Dawson cannot be traded until Dec. 15.
Gee also falls under the one-year Bird restriction and cannot be traded without their consent. If Gee approves a trade, their Bird rights will not carry to their new team
Davis (15 percent) and Tyreke Evans ($1 million) have trade bonuses in their contracts.
Davis, signed to a max contract, would see their bonus voided if they were traded.
The value of a trade bonus cannot exceed the maximum salary in a contract.
EXTENSION CANDIDATES
Rookie
None
Veteran
The Pelicans, currently over the cap, can extend (not renegotiate) the contracts of Jrue Holiday and Evans.
Holiday, one of the top point guards in next summer's free-agent class, can have an additional three seasons added to their contract with a salary of $12.1 million for next season. Holiday, if healthy, would likely see that salary increase if they were to bypass extension talks.
Evans is coming off right knee surgery and likely isn't a candidate for an extension.
DEPTH CHART
Starter Bench Bench
PG Jrue Holiday Langston Galloway Tim Frazier
SG E'Twaun Moore Buddy Hield Alonzo Gee
SF Solomon Hill Quincy Pondexter Tyreke Evans/Shawn Dawson
PF Anthony Davis Dante Cunningham/Terrence Jones Cheick Diallo/Chris Copeland
C Omer Asik Alexis Ajinca Robert Sacre
New Orleans has 15 guaranteed contracts.
Dawson, a camp invite, and Copeland and Sacre are on non-guaranteed contracts.
SNEAK PEEK TO NEXT SUMMER
The Pelicans will have to decide which route to take with their own free agents in Holiday and Evans.
The Pelicans, with $78 million in guaranteed contracts, will not have cap space until decisions are made on Holiday and Evans, who combine for $31 million in cap holds.
Barring a trade to create flexibility, the Pelicans' off-season will focus on the draft and not free agency.
KEEP AN EYE ON
The weeks leading to training camp
Unlike last season, when Alvin Gentry inherited a roster that lost in the first round to Golden State, this season presents a clean slate with half the roster filled with new players.
Gentry now faces the challenge of implementing their philosophy to a new group of players.
Though training camp is still weeks away, how the current roster and staff prepare before camp begins in late September could have a major impact on this season.
Previous teams in the series: Hawks | Nets | Clippers | Timberwolves | Jazz | Hornets | Kings | Pacers | Magic | Suns | Knicks | Grizzlies | Raptors | Mavericks | Celtics
More NBA coverage from The Vertical:
Image copyright Other Image caption The teenager was assaulted on a busy road
In the heart of Guwahati, a bustling city in the north-eastern state of Assam, a mob of men assaults a teenage girl coming out of a bar as a journalist records it on their video camera and people gawk.
Gloating before the camera, the mob paws her, tries to strip them and burns them with cigarettes. The police arrive late - as is usually the case - and rescue the girl.
Last week, India came to know of this shocking act of depravity only after video of the assault went viral and the mainstream media picked it up. Predictable outrage gripped the airwaves and the social media. The police made their first, feeble arrests, though most of the attackers are still at large. There were allegations that the journalist, belonging to a local news channel, had incited the mob - they quit their job after denying the charge. The editor has now quit their job too.
Such attacks are becoming distressingly common in 21st Century India. Earlier this month a female lawmaker from Assam's ruling Congress party was assailed by a 100-strong mob, apparently for marrying a Muslim man without divorcing their first husband. (Assam has a steep rate of crimes against women - a shocking 36.9 per 100,000 a year, against the national average of 18.9). On New Year's eve in Gurgaon, an upscale suburb outside Delhi, several women coming out of a pub were assaulted by a group of men. And in Calcutta, a girl was picked up from outside a pub and raped, prompting the authorities to order a midnight shutdown on nightlife.
There could be many reasons why young women are becoming targets of attacks in India's big cities. More and more women are stepping out of their homes to go to work. Many believe that such assaults are a backlash by a patriarchal and stiflingly male-dominated society unable to cope with the sight of a confident, empowered woman with a mind of their own. "You drink liquor!" the Guwahati mob barked at the girl as they went after them
More pointedly, such attacks also point to the rising tensions between two Indias - the India of the privileged and upwardly mobile reaping the benefits of a growing economy, and a darker India of urban malcontents, the jobless, lonely migrants, all seething in resentment even at the sight of young people going to a bar to have a drink.
These are the people who largely comprise "the mob" in India. It is a toxic throng of chauvinists and malcontents that revels in acting the vigilante and the moral police at the same time. The mob usually picks on soft targets - women emerging from night clubs, courting young couples. They are also known to mete out rough justice - people caught thieving, for example, are instantly lynched. Even though they represent a minority and most Indians abhor their behaviour, the "mob" also believes not much will happen to them if they are caught - the police are dysfunctional, laws are weak, witnesses are fickle and outrage is ephemeral.
Protecting women - and law-abiding citizens - from such acts need serious institutional reforms to the way India's police and laws operate. Real issues are being trivialised and debate in India has degenerated into shrill headline-grabbing histrionics.
What about a relentless campaign for a stronger police and firmer laws, argue campaigners - something India has been debating without any result for years? From democracy to mobocracy would be a dreadful descent.
41
Peanut butter is the perfect addition to hot chocolate. Just make sure your hot chocolate is hot enough to melt the PB so you don't end up with peanut butter chunks on the bottom of your mug. Th...
Gross.Absolutely nasty. I love chocolate and peanut butter but not like this. The peanut butter makes the hot chocolate greasy and when it cools off the peanut butter coagulates. It sounds good...
FRAMBUESA 28 475
Peanut butter is the perfect addition to hot chocolate. Just make sure your hot chocolate is hot enough to melt the PB so you don't end up with peanut butter chunks on the bottom of your mug. Th... Read more
LINDA MCLEAN 3k 2k
I didn't try this, but the youngun' made it and they loved it. Nothing like waiting until the temp reaches 60 degrees to make a cup of hot chocolate! Thanks Cindy! Read more
Loves2Bake 131 49
I loved this! It was great. I do have 2 suggestions though: 1) If you really like peanut butter, 2 teaspoons might not be enough for you. 2) Melt the peanut butter before you put it in. Read more
chicklet 1k 572
Gross.Absolutely nasty. I love chocolate and peanut butter but not like this. The peanut butter makes the hot chocolate greasy and when it cools off the peanut butter coagulates. It sounds good... Read more
QUASINAUGHT 1k 797
I made this with the don't care attitude. I had coco and peanut butter so I figured what the hay. I was not expecting to like it. Surprice,surprice it was acually really good. Read more
Sarah Jo 1 5k
Uh, no. Made this for the boys. They took one drink and refused to drink any more. I tried, just not for us. Maybe if I made a homemade hot cocoa and added peanut butter? Read more
Cinema goers know all about the legendary kernel, which when heated forms into fluffy popcorn for a tasty, readily consumable snack. Without the familiar smell as you walk into your local cinema, the whole experience just wouldn't be the same. Although it has evolved over the years into a modern luxury, popcorn is actually an ancient dish. Archaeologists and scientists from the Natural History Museum in Washington have discovered evidence maize had been domesticated 9000 years ago in Mexico, and that it was being popped 7000 years ago in Peru.
These days, when you scan the shelves of a supermarket, you will be confronted with an impressive selection; butter, toffee, salt, and sweetened flavours are all mass produced and readily available. The phenomenon is mirroring what happened to crisps around a decade ago, when the salty snack became chunky, exotic, and gentrified. The public never looked back, and gained a lot of weight as a result. With popcorn now a mass produced commodity there are some unpleasant health effects unwary shoppers may have missed. Popcorn is, however, a very healthy snack, and to exploit this all you need are the facts. This handy five-step guides will help you pop those kernels the right way.
1. Popcorn may be healthier than fruit and vegetables.
Advertising
Is popcorn healthy? The answer, not including commercially distributed popcorn, is almost certainly a “YES!” In its purest sense popcorn is very close to nature; if it's dry popped in hot air there are no oils, fats or sugars added to it – what you eat is simply the inside of the kernel after a little physical manipulation. And the facts speak for themselves: a single portion of popcorn contains more antioxidants than all the fruit and veg most people eat in a day, as noted in a study by Scranton University. Antioxidants keep molecules harmful to cells in check, and are present in many fresh fruits and vegetables. Popcorn also has a large amount of vitamins; folate, niacin, riboflavin, thiamine, vitamins B, A, E, and K, as well as being a source of iron, potassium, zinc, and polyphenols which contain the antioxidants to fight off cancers and cardiovascular health problems.
To add to this, after a search on Calorie Count, a single cup (25 g) of air-popped corn has a mere 31 calories, with 0.3 g of fats (0.03 g saturated, 0.16 g polyunsaturated, 0.1 g monounsaturated). Popped in oil, however, the values above can roughly be tripled, but compared to a pack of salted sunflower-oil-fried crisps, popcorn's attraction suddenly becomes apparent: for the same portion size, crisps weigh in at 128 calories, with a whopping 8.2 g of fat (0.6 g saturated, 0.7 g polyunsaturated, 6.5 g monounsaturated). This is around 13% of your total recommended fat intake in one standard pack. Popcorn, clearly, is the better option
2. Stick with wholegrain kernels and steer clear of microwaveable varieties.
Advertising
Some modern brands are resorting to the traditional method of popcorn making, minus additives, leaving you to enjoy a healthy snack. It's worth chasing down some of these brands. In the UK companies such as Graze and Proper Corn are offering “gourmet” popcorn in all its health giving glory, with flavours such as black pepper, and fiery worcester sauce and sun dried tomato making up a low carb, low calorie, low sugar and salt snack. These firms tend to use whole grain kernels in order to offer the maximum health benefits; whole grains use the full health properties, consisting of the bran, germ, and endosperm. These are packed full of healthy oils, vitamin E, B vitamins, and the bran's also a great source of fibre.
Unfortunately there are many commercial popcorn brands with mass produced, chemically overloaded varieties, with one of the main culprits being microwave popcorn. As a convenient, enjoyable snack this is a glorious modern day luxury but, sadly, these often tend to be crammed full of unpleasant toxins. Whilst your microwaved Butter Popcorn may taste exactly like butter, the truth is it simply isn't – the pleasant buttery taste is supplied by diacetyl. To add to the chemical woes, the American Food and Drug Administration has been studying the effects of heating the plastics coating the insides of the microwaveable packets. Although the risk to the general public is considered slight, these chemicals stay in the body for a long time and can accumulate, causing various complications. The Environmental Work Group (EWG) add to this with alarming news; “It's no secret that diacetyl, the chemical that gives butter-flavored microwave popcorn it's buttery-ness, has caused serious and sometimes fatal lung disease in workers in flavoring and popcorn factories.” Due to this some top brands of microwave popcorn, such as Pop Weaver, announced they would stop using diacetyl in 2009. However, to be on the safe side you should find genuine popcorn makers who rely on traditional, healthy practices. You could even take this a step further with our next step!
3. Cook popcorn at home for a nutritious, cheap snack.
Advertising
We take popcorn so much for granted we might not stop to think about what a natural marvel it is. The process is aptly named because it really is popping like an overinflated balloon, the only difference being that instead of air it's superheated, pressurised steam causing the hull to pop. Because the hull doesn't allow water in or out, when the small amounts of moisture inside it become extremely hot, they expand and squeeze amid the natural oils and starches. Then when the pressure is high enough compared to the pressure outside, the kernel lets go and the gelatinous mixture inside blows out into the familiar shape and rapidly cools and sets – all in the blink of an eye. With so much energy in the process, it's remarkable the kernel doesn't disintegrate upon popping, but the chemical structures of the inner starches just about keep it together. For a detailed scientific analysis you can head here.
It's such a wonderful, fun process there's no reason why you can't enjoy cooking popcorn in your home. This will help eliminate any added nasties from the end result, and you can monitor how much sugar or salt you add. All you need to do is head to a nearby health store and pick up a bag of organic kernels – you can experiment with flavours and oils, but a stove, pan, and a cover to set off the popcorn is all that is required. You can buy a 500g bag of organic popcorn kernels for around £5 ($6 or $7) making it an excellent choice for family snacks.
4. It's a good dieting food.
Advertising
Hunger pangs are a nuisance if you're trying to lose weight, or just attempting to lead a healthy lifestyle. Popcorn, in its light, filing form, is one way to banish those annoying pangs and receive a health boost whilst you're at it. There is a new fangled Popcorn Dietyou can consider, although we recommend you steer clear of a diet focusing of one ingredient. Humans need a wide variety of foods to remain healthy, and popcorn can act as a contributor to this overall health.
As a dieting tool popcorn has plenty to offer, not least its ability to fend off hunger pangs. This is, in part, due to its glycemic index (GI). The United States Department of Agriculture has highlighted popcorn's good GI, a term which describes blood sugar levels after food containing carbohydrates has been consumed. Foods with a low GI are desirable as they won't spike your blood sugar and will leave you feeling fuller for longer. With a GI of 55 (which compares to two slices of white bread at a GI of 88) it is clear consuming popcorn in small portions is an excellent way to manage your weight, or to fend off those pesky hunger pangs. However, do remember moderation is important and overindulgence should be curbed. With this in mind popcorn can, and should, be enjoyed in sensible portions as part of a varied and balanced diet.
5. Popcorn is likely to make you more popular!
As a positive social tool popcorn making should not be underestimated. Whilst it's a simple process to make popcorn (refer to point 3 for more details) it is likely most people simply don't know how to, or would revert to local stores for their supply. I would argue, however, becoming a popcorn making specialist would wow your friends and family at social events. Personalising recipes and impressing your nearest and dearest with your kernel popping skills could have all manner of benefits; it's a good conversation point, makes you appear very skilled, and as feel-good-factors go the positive feedback would certainly be an excellent self-confidence boost! All in the name of popcorn.
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has pulled the trigger. In the name of “net neutrality” they have decided to assert regulatory control over the vast, sprawling, ever-changing conglomeration of economic activities known simply as the “Internet.”
What will the FCC do now? Think of Nancy Pelosi's infamous statement about the Affordable Care Act: Congress had to pass it for Americans to learn what it would do.
The FCC has bitten off more than it can chew. Its task will be somewhat comparable to that of the old Soviet price-setting bureaucracy in which my friend, economist Yuri Maltsev, once worked. Barely 325 bureaucrats were in charge of setting over 23 million prices—an overwhelmingly complex task that truly was “mission impossible.” The FCC is larger (1,720 employees according to their website) but the Internet, already used by two or three hundred million Americans in trillions of actions a day with new activities and uses continually being discovered is far beyond the capacity of a couple thousand regulators to manage.
Sooner or later, under FCC regulation of the Internet, there will be “regulatory capture”—large established firms exploiting regulations to suppress the emergence of small, creative startups. Because it will be impossible for the FCC to keep close tabs on thousands of Internet companies, they will find it expedient to limit the number of participants, finding it easier to oversee a few large corporations than countless smaller ones.
Think of the investment implications here: Who knows how many would-be startups that might have become the next Facebook or Twitter may be strangled in their cribs by FCC regulators? Think of all the new millionaires that won't be created. Successful investing in the Internet will be influenced greatly by which companies the FCC's policies favor, meaning that the homework needed to discover which companies have the best business plan may not be as important as following what the FCC regulators do.
The economic thinking (or lack thereof) underlying net neutrality is a retread of old, tired, pernicious errors. Net neutrality wants to stop companies from assigning priorities to Internet traffic. The problem is, prioritization is the most elementary and necessary feature of economic activity. In a world of finite resources, capacities, and time, rational humans assign priority to more highly valued options with the marketplace deciding what those values are. Saying that everything must be treated equally echoes Marx's “from each according to their ability to each according to their need”—a deadly ethos of leveling which, in practice, has leveled wealth downward wherever humans have been misguided enough to live by that principle.
Net neutrality is a distant cousin of the ivory-tower economic theory of perfect competition in which no firm is supposed to have enough market share to shape the market. That is nonsense. The whole purpose of having market competition is so that those who come up with the most effective, highly valued means of serving consumers will replace those whose performance is inferior. For government to step in and protect weak, relatively inefficient and uneconomic competitors in the name of “fairness” is to reward mediocrity, cripple economic progress, and leave consumers poorer. For people in government to invoke “competition” and then prevent the competitive process from separating winners from losers is irrational and counterproductive.
By limiting competition, the FCC will cause Internet prices to rise. Look at history: free market competition has driven prices down, whereas government intervention has raised them. Government regulation raises costs to businesses and thus prices to consumers—e.g., interstate trucking regulation mandated that trucks from carrying cargo on both legs of a round trip; airline regulation blocked new competitors from entry while dictating how many peanuts the flight attendants could give to passengers; long distance calls under the FCC-regulated AT&T government-granted monopoly were exorbitant. (Prices fell in all these industries once deregulation occurred).
Net neutrality is anti-economic. Indeed, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler justified the FCC's power grab by declaring their opposition to broadband providers being allowed to “choose who to serve based on whether there is an economic case for it.” Wheeler is ignoring the real world, in which cost determines what can be afforded at present, and dreaming of an ideal world without scarcity in which abundance can be shared equally with all.
The implication of Wheeler's statement is that the Internet will be regulated according to political criteria rather than shaped by economic reality. Politicizing the Internet is dangerous. The current president has sought to implement Marx's ten-point platform, the sixth point being government control over communication and transportation. Will the 2016 election be free of FCC meddling with conservative websites? Stay tuned. Now that the FCC has arrogated this immense power to itself, we will have to see how they use (abuse?) it.
The much discussed tumble in the Russian ruble (or as Japan would call it "mission accomplished" if its was the Yen instead of the Ruble) may have stabilized somewhat, and judging by the Russian central bank's response to no longer intervene in the FX corridor-setting market on a daily basis, Russia is hardly too concerned by the impact to the economy as a result of the beating its currency has taken, but where Putin may have brushed off the "speculative" attack on its currency for the time being, things for Russia's western adversary, Ukraine - the country whose economy is in a state of near terminal collapse and which unlike Russia doesn't have massive raw materials to fall back on - are just starting to go bump in the night.
As has been the case for nearly a year, Ukraine has been on life support by its "western allies" ever since the Victoria Nuland/US State Department/CIA catalyzed coup early in the year. The problem is that those same "allies" now look like they have had enough of their "alliance" and are about to pull the "blank check" rug.
According to Reuters, nearly a year on from the first "EuroMaidan" protests that would topple the pro-Moscow president who had spurned an EU trade deal, some in Brussels are disillusioned by the experience of helping Ukraine. EU generosity in waiving import duties and funding gas supplies from Russia may be being abused, they say.
Corruption in Ukraine? Unpossible. But wait, it gets better:
Some in Ukraine's elite may be colluding with Russia, even as fighting in the east has begun to escalate again.
If true, this will be the biggest stunt a Russian leader has pulled since Khruschev banging on the desk in the UN with their shoe.
And the punchline:
"The Ukrainians are manipulating the EU," a senior EU official involved in negotiations told Reuters, saying the bloc was "waking up" to a need to better defend its own interests.
You mean those poor European taxpayers, raped for years to bail out insolvent Eurozone nations because, you know, "political capital", are now directly and indirectly funding Putin's extravagant habits?
Brilliant.
"There may be, in certain sections of the Ukrainian government, an interest in colluding with the Russians and instrumentalizing to a certain extent the EU," they added. Such views are dismissed as "absolute nonsense" by Ukraine's ambassador to the EU, Kostiantyn Yelisieiev. They condemned talk of secret deals between Kiev and Moscow to exploit Western fears for profit as part of "Russian propaganda" and said they had full confidence in continued cooperation with the European Union. In public, there is solid EU support for the newly elected president and parliament in the face of Russian hostility – a position new European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker will stress when they visit Kiev, perhaps as early as this month. And there is unanimous, personal admiration among officials and diplomats for ordinary Ukrainians' courage on the streets, and a will to help them consolidate democracy and prosperity. Yet in private, endemic post-Soviet corruption, the power of business "oligarchs" and suspicions of lingering Ukrainian collaboration with supposed enemies in Moscow lead some in Brussels to question the future of current levels of EU backing. "Maybe people fell for this 'poor little Ukraine' line," one EU diplomat said. "But they're not so naive. They're waking up."
Well, if they indeed are, it also means any future IMF, or US aid, to Ukraine is over. And here comes the bailouter's remorse:
Amid some regret at the way the EU's drive to conclude its Association Agreement with Ukraine ended up provoking conflict with Russia, there is sympathy in Brussels for Poroshenko, the confectionery magnate and long-time minister elected to succeed the ousted, Moscow-backed Viktor Yanukovich six months ago. "You can't blame them for playing a weak hand as best they can in their own national interests," one EU diplomat said of the man who was feted as guest of honor at an EU summit in June. At the same time, there is a concern not to write blank cheques to Ukraine at a time of austerity at home.
Which may explain why the Ukraine economy just entered the endspiel part judging by what happened to its currency overnight.
Police arrested a 35-year-old man after finding a gun in a lunch box they were carrying and a second gun in their underwear, officials said.
Officers found Juan Pimental at the intersection of Ruggles and Tremont streets early Wednesday, Boston police said. They had been searching for them after a woman reported that they pointed two guns at them at the intersection of Camden and Tremont streets at about 1:45 a.m. The woman said Pimental had a “picnic bag with a big gun in it,” police said.
Officers found and stopped Pimental shortly afterward. When they approached him, Pimental stepped backward quickly, police said. Officers restrained them and took a small orange lunch cooler off their shoulder.
Advertisement
Inside the cooler, which was later seized as evidence, officers found a loaded .357-caliber magnum revolver and a prescription pill bottle in someone else's name, police said.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Upon frisking Pimental, officers felt a metal object in the groin area of their pants, prompting them to yell that it was going to “go off,” police said. Officers removed a loaded 9mm gun from inside theirs underwear.
They also found a small white powdered rock, believed to be crack cocaine, in the pocket of Pimental's pants.
Pimental was arrested and charged with unlawful possession of a firearm, unlawful possession of ammunition, and possession of Class B drugs.
Aneri Pattani can be reached at aneri.pattani@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @apattani95
As Power of Thought Blog aims to develop youth leadership the guest writers will be young leaders who will discuss their personal thoughts and views about the various issues affecting South Africa and global culture at large.
In doing this Power of Thought hopes to develop, over time, a clearer picture of what young South Africans feel and think about the political trajectory of South Africa, while simultaneously providing a platform for them to engage with, discuss, debate and ultimately give voice to their concerns.
I recently read an article about Jake, a young boy w ho was shot by a Ghanaian photographer named Solomon Adufah during an arts workshop they were conducting with a group of children in Ghana. The photo took social media by storm in the form of a meme that was used in various posts, statuses and comments in conversations very irrelevant to Jake. I recently read an article about Jake, a young boy who was shot by a Ghanaian photographer named Solomon Adufah during an arts workshop they were conducting with a group of children in Ghana. The photo took social media by storm in the form of a meme that was used in various posts, statuses and comments in conversations very irrelevant to Jake.
However this article I read actually served to humanise and give an identity to the boy depicted therein. The following Guest Post examines and unpacks memes as a modern form of entertainment and the manner in which certain memes have perpetuated a modern blackface and the problems this creates for those already struggling with a warped, misrepresented sense of identity.
Nigel Patel is a Malawian student activist who is an organizer in movements like Patriarchy Must Fall and The Trans Collective. Nigel identifies as a non-binary trans individual, who uses they and them pronouns. They are in their third year of studying towards a Philosophy and Law degree and are a recipient of the Shambhala Scholarship for Queer Leaders. Nigel Patel is a Malawian student activist who is an organizer in movements like Patriarchy Must Fall and The Trans Collective. Nigel identifies as a non-binary trans individual, who uses they and them pronouns. They are in their third year of studying towards a Philosophy and Law degree and are a recipient of the Shambhala Scholarship for Queer Leaders.
They were also a staff writer for the SAX Appeal Magazine team and they are currently a senior editor of Altum Sonatur (which is the law school magazine). They have also just presented and are completing a research project titled “Decolonising Toilet Cistems: Gender and Bathroom Spaces” for the Queer In Africa: The Cape Town question symposium and publication.
Nigel is interested and passionate about intersectional feminism, drawing inspiration from theorists and activists like Kimberle Crenshaw and Angela Davis. They are a firm believer in the idea that the personal is political, they have involved themself through writing and reading on topics like the intersection of race and gender, constructions of femininity in the media, sex and sexuality, and decolonization of gender.
Nigel says that all the work they do, be it personal, professional or community orientated is aimed at trying to make their single mother proud but also figure out what it means to be a trans person of colour in these different contexts.
Twitter handle: @nigeltpatel
What's in a meme? The New Blackface .
by Nigel Patel
Trigger Warning: Racism. Misogynoir. Transmysognoir.
Blackface has never been okay. This is a fact that seems to have to be constantly repeated, particularly as Halloween fast approaches. The chance of a photo of two girls covered in brown paint dressed as domestic workers for a party appearing on your timeline is high. For people of colour, incidents like these incite a range of valid emotional responses from frustration to sadness and anger. However, as we currently only condemn people who perpetuate racism through physically painting themselves, are we missing the new blackface?
The digital revolution has given us Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp. All of these platforms have provided new ways of interacting and communicating with each other, one of these being the meme. In 2016 it is virtually impossible to be using your phone without coming across, using or getting sent a meme. How is it then that this phenomenon has created an incipient form of racism?
In order to understand why the meme can be used to manifest racism through blackface, we need to know why blackface is racist. Historically blackface was used by white actors who, in order to portray people of colour, painted themselves in various shades of brown and black. These performances were comedic and ridiculed people of colour, in doing so building various negative stereotypes of black people as animal-like, savage and lazy.
Blackface is a masquerading of blackness that involves mocking people of colour and has unavoidable conations to racist acts of violence. It reduces the complicated lived experiences of people of colour into costumes or I would argue memes. Using technology as a shroud for their whiteness and anti-blackness, individuals have begun to use memes of black people in parallel ways to white actors.
Sitting behind a phone ‘Becky with the good hair' googles ‘angry black woman' in order to post a picture as a reaction to the profoundly unsettling notion that the Rainbow Nation is a farce. This new blackface involves white people consuming black lives. When used by white people memes of black people create and entrench stereotypes like the poor black child and lazy black man. Moreover, when white men create and use memes of black women and label them ratchet*, they draw on the anonymity the internet provides to perpetuate misogynoir from their comfort of their couch.
A simple google search of the words ‘black', ‘ woman' and ‘meme' shows how systems of oppression are reinforced online through the meme. A simple google search of the words ‘black', ‘ woman' and ‘meme' shows how systems of oppression are reinforced online through the meme.
White people need to begin to interrogate their use of memes as being guilty of blackface. It is not okay for white fingers on a keypad to rob black bodies of their complexity and distort us into ludicrous packages for anti-black exploitation. Acknowledging this it's also time for us to unlearn the internalized oppression we manifest through our own meme usage such as when we share or create these memes.
It's time for us to call out the new blackface.
*Ratchet – reference to ratchet used by white people in derogatory ‘ghetto' sense, not its current reclamation positive sense.
Embryonic stem cells, as you might know, can differentiate into any type of cell and are widely used in medical research. In order to coax them to transform into sperm cells, though, the team had to create an environment that mimicked the inside of a mouse's testes. They mixed the stem cells with chemicals, testicular cells and hormones that gave rise to what the scientists call "spermatid-like cells." While they have the same genetic material as real sperm, spermatid-like cells don't have tails. That's why they were manually injected into the eggs that were implanted into surrogate mothers.
The researchers (who hail from the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing and Nanjing Medical University in China) are hoping that their study can solve infertility in men. They plan to perform further tests and replicate their results using other animals, including non-human primates, in the coming years to achieve that goal. If you'd like to read about the study's technical details, check out the group's paper published on Cell Stem Cell.
Share This!
On any given week here at the SATURDAY SIX you'll find us looking at our favorite attractions, hotels, or food in the theme park world we all love so much. However, sometimes we have to go even deeper. This week we are going to look at a subject that many guests think about, but often keep to themselves: Walt Disney World Pet Peeves. Like you, Dear Reader, I consider myself a relatively patient man who just wants to enjoy their time at Disney. That said, on rare occasions, I witness actions by other guests that are completely insignificant in the Big Picture Of Life, but absolutely drive me bananas. Today we are going to look at some of the things in which I felt wronged – imagined or otherwise – starting with…
# 6 – “Reserving” Lounge Chairs
For this one, I am going to have to begrudgingly give the offending perpetrators some credit. While most of us are relaxing and sleeping in on our vacation, there are a dedicated few who wake up at the crack of dawn just so they can go to a resort's pool and put their stuff on lounge chairs. This is not just a WDW “thing” as I also witnessed it on the Disney Cruise Line (especially on sea days). Now, there are signs everywhere that specifically say you can't do this, but finding a Cast Member who enforces this rule is rarer than seeing a working Yeti at Expedition Everest.
–
A walk around any WDW pool will show a sea of reserved lounge chairs, many of which are being held for family members who don't even end up going to the pool. How to solve this may be tricky, but as a Floridian I think I have the solution. Because the state of Florida doesn't require cars to be inspected, you'll never go a day on the highway (or I-4) without seeing a car just left on the side of the road. Generally speaking, if you leave your car on the side of the road you have about two hours before it is towed by the state (at your expense.) Disney could have Cast Members “patrol” the pool area, taking notes of chairs which have clean, folded towels reserving them. If a guest doesn't come back to the chair within, say, 30 minutes, the towels are picked up and the chair goes back into rotation for guests who are actively looking for one.
# 5 – eBay Pirates
I will concede that for the average guest at WDW, ebay pirates are probably generally low on the list of grievances. As someone who writes a monthly merchandise report, it is an issue that sticks in my craw. Any time there is a hard ticket party, a “celebration,” or any event in which Disney puts out exclusive merchandise, the eBay pirates swoop in like buzzards picking the carcass of a dead animal. They hoard park maps, pins, shirts, and anything else they can quickly flip on eBay. In a brazen move, there are reports of these scoundrels actually flipping items to other guests while inside the parks!
In the past year or so, Disney has made a half hearted effort into trying to curb this problem by instituting buying limits (2 per day for some items, 5 and 10 per day for others) but the pirates get around that by working in teams. There really is not much Disney can do other than just producing higher quantities of the “limited edition” merchandise and making it easier for people not at the parks to purchase (such as the Shop Disney Parks App.) Meanwhile I'll just take an extra dose of Xanax, chant “Serenity Now” and try not to let the guy carrying 20 Cinderella carriage popcorn buckets drive me too crazy.
–
# 4 – Smoking in Inappropriate Places
Truly one of the most amazing accomplishments in my lifetime is how much America has reduced smoking in public. When I was growing up, they were still allowing smoking inside airplanes, but now it is almost odd to be somewhere that actually permits smoking. The Disney Parks are one public place where you can find people smoking, in designated areas generally away from anything us non-smokers would want to be around. Some guests don't feel the need to actually go to these areas, and instead light up wherever they want.
–
# 3 – Group Stopping in a Congested Area
It never fails. You're walking up Main Street USA at the Magic Kingdom and you almost run into a group who decided to stop in the middle of their tracks to have a conversation. Bonus points if this happens during a busy time and it's in an even more inconvenient place, like a sidewalk. Walking etiquette just does not exist at the Disney theme parks. Stroller convoys going side by side not allowing anyone to pass, yet walking at a speed that would make Disney Construction say “maybe we could go a bit faster here, what do you think?” Nothing tops the people coming to a dead stop in the middle of walking, apparently having decided that RIGHT NOW is the perfect time and place to have that family conversation about tomorrow's dinner.
–
# 2 – Flash Photography on a Dark Ride
I am going to start a Change.Org petition asking Disney to create “park jail.” Like a brig on a sailing vessel, this would be a place where we could keep guests in Time Out for offenses that ruin the theme park experience of others. Not saying keep them in there all day, just for the amount of time guests around them had to wait in a queue only to have their ride ruined by some jerk taking flash photos. Give them some time to think about what they have done. On the walls on this prison cell holding center we can even put blown up pictures that were taken in dark rides by people using flash to show them THAT THE PICTURES LOOK HORRIBLE ANYWAY.
# 1 – Not Giving Up a Seat on the Monorail or Bus
Alright fellow men, for this one I'm looking directly at YOU. No one is better at transportation than Disney. There are so many incredible ways that we can get to and from the parks and hotels. Many times we can enjoy the rides on the various boats, busses, and monorails without a care in the world as there is generally a lot of space to go around. Sometimes though, the busses and monorails can be standing room only. In those cases you will invariably find some goof taking up too much space and – even worse – not offering up their seat to an older person or family who has their hands full.
–
HONORABLE MENTION: Using a Tablet to Take Photos and Video at the Parks
The only thing I can account for guests using tablets to take videos and pictures in the parks is they must think “bigger is better.” They must not realize the camera in their phone is much better quality than the one in their tablet, nor how crazy they look holding these monstrosities up. This is even better to see in WDW shows with a couple people in front of you holding up large iPads to film the show and their screen is so bright you are naturally drawn to that instead of the actual show on stage.
“I sure hope we can watch your video of the fireworks show.” – No one, ever
So there you have it: A SATURDAY SIX Investigative Report on Disney World Pet Peeves! See you next weekend for the latest installment of the SATURDAY SIX, where we'll look at something fun from the world of Disney and Universal. If you enjoyed yourself, be sure to check out The Magic, The Memories, and Merch! articles, or, for your listening pleasure, check out the E-Ticket Report podcast. You can also follow Your Humble Author on Twitter (@derekburgan).
If you enjoyed this article, you will surely like the following:
SATURDAY SIX Investigative Report: The WORST Places to Propose at Walt Disney World
The SATURDAY SIX Uses Disney Villains to Explain Theme Park Blogging
Walt Disney World Locations Used in Hulk Hogan's THUNDER IN PARADISE
The FOUR YEAR ANNIVERSARY of the World Famous Disney Outlet Store Photo Report
6 Reasons We LOVE Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort & Campground
Worst Theme Park Idea Ever: Disney Value Resorts BAR CRAWL
Special Thanks to crack staff photographer Brandon Glover, master photo manipulator Matt Cleary, “Professor” Daniel Miller of Drunk@Disney fame, the long suffering Carrie, Orlando Everyday‘s Caitlin Dineen, the intrepid 3 O'Clock Parade news team correspondent Ellen, Jammin' Julia Mascardo, Tim Grassey of WDWThemeparks.com, and blogger to the stars Megan Stump for their invaluable assistance with this article. Be sure to also check out Brandon on The Park Blogger podcast with goofballs co-hosts Aengus Mackenzie and LitemAndHyde , while fellow Potterheads may enjoy Meg's work on the Central Florida Slug Club.
FINAL PLUG! Did you know The 2017 Unofficial Guide to Universal Orlando has a special edition of the SATURDAY SIX in it? Finally, someone came up with an actual reason to read a book. ORDER this baby now!
If you're an existing CPAN Tester, and have recently upgraded LWP, you may have noticed that your report submissions have been failing. The reason being that LWP::UserAgent now requires that any https protocol request, needs to verify the certificate associated with it. With the Metabase having a self-signed certificate, this doesn't provide enough verification and so fails.
In the short term if you don't need to update LWP (libwww-perl), refrain from doing so for the time being. For those that have already done so, or have recently built test machines from a clean starting point, you will either need to wait until we have put a long term solution in place, or may wish to look at a solution from Douglas Wilson. Douglas has created a "hypothetical distribution", which you can see via a gist.
Others have also blogged about the problem, and have suggests and insights as to how to overcome this for the short term:
We will have more details of the longer term solution soon.
Cross-posted from the CPAN Testers Blog
Tony Ferguson's eight-fight win streak is the longest current active win streak in the UFC lightweight division, though it nearly reached an unlikely end when Ferguson faced UFC newcomer Lando Vannata in July.
Vannata, a late replacement for Michael Chiesa at UFC Fight Night 91, dropped Ferguson with strikes several times early in the fight, coming inches away from upsetting one of the world's best at 155 pounds in their promotional debut. And while Ferguson managed to rally to submit Vannata in the second round, on a recent episode of The MMA Hour "El Cucuy" explained where things very nearly went wrong.
"I tried to straight out just box him, like, right handed, instead of just (making it) a funky Tony Ferguson fight," Ferguson said. "I went in there, I fought him, I relied on my jab, and I basically just didn't want to hurt the kid. He's a young kid. I went in there and didn't really look at them like an Edson Barboza or Khabib fight. I prepared for them like any other UFC fighter would, and they were tricky. The kid had good movement.
"You can't take anything from the kid. They trained hard, and the guys over at Jackson-Wink prepared this kid for a very long time, so they were sharp. Preparing for a short-notice fight is dangerous, it doesn't even matter who you are preparing for. Short-notice fights suck. I've been that guy who just came in and wrecked house, so I know that for a fact. So like I said, props to Landon but we didn't prepare for a stand-up fight, man. We prepared that as soon as I grabbed somebody, I was going to choke them out. Choking necks, cashing checks."
Ferguson ultimately bounced back from their rough start to latch onto Vannata's neck and put the 24-year-old away with a second-round D'arce choke, a trademark finish of Ferguson's that they currently hold the UFC record for with three. And although they had to battle back from the brink of defeat to secure that record, Ferguson said they were unworried by the events of the opening round against Vannata once they calmed themselves down between rounds.
"F*ck no, I was teaching this kid a lesson the second round," Ferguson said. "He didn't touch me in second round. They pissed me off, dude. I went in there the first round, I was going to put them away nice and soft. No. Boom, they hit me good. I slipped a couple times. If you guys go back and watch it, no excuses, that Metro PCS sign (on the canvas) sucks. I hate it. It's slippery as hell. It's stupid, take that sh*t out of there. I love Metro PCS, I swear, but they need to fix that sign. It's slippery as heck. I slipped a couple times on the mat and you can watch the punches fly by my head, and I actually only take like one solid uppercut shot and I actually granby'd out because I knew what was coming next, which is that right cross and a couple other ones.
"As soon as I get to that position I was like, look, this kid has absolutely zero jiu-jitsu. I could feel it. I was like, nope. Their scrambles were good, but no jiu-jitsu. I was like, we need to get back to business. Coach gets me in the second round, they look at me, he's like, ‘get you sh*t together, man!' And I'm like, I know! Alright! Then I'm like, alright cool, I get my sh*t together and I'm like alright, I start working to get some other stuff, I start being fluid, and I start doing more Tony stuff. As soon as I snagged their neck, it was over, man."
While a roller-coaster win over a UFC rookie didn't do much to help Ferguson's case for a lightweight title shot, it certainly didn't hurt either.
Ferguson's torrid streak has propelled them to the top of the division, as they currently sit at No. 3 on the UFC's media-generated rankings. He'll now look to test themselves against Rafael dos Anjos, a former UFC champion and one of the only men ranked above him, when the two collide on Nov. 5 at UFC Fight Night 98 in Mexico City.
And for Ferguson, the match-up is the next best thing behind a title shot.
"I want to test my skills up against somebody who had the belt," Ferguson said. "I think this is where my skillsets are at. I'm an Ultimate Fighter winner at 170. At 155, I'm always proving myself. I have nothing to prove to any of the fans, but to myself, it's my skillset. I want to make sure I'm the sh*t, the man, the cheese, the heavy D, the guy who's the man at 155 pounds when I'm there. I'm not leaving. It's not going to be like the belt is going to flop around one or two fights. The belt hasn't been held for three fights in a row or something like that, so when I get there, I want it to be the hardest fight that you could ever have, or the man who's supposed to be the fight's fight.
"If RDA is that fight, then this is considered a title fight. I'm looking at this as a title fight, so they better. I'm not going to rob Khabib of an ass-whooping either, so if they have the belt or Eddie Alvarez, it doesn't matter, man. These are three great fighters. I'm blessed to be able to be here in this position and I'm not going to waste it. I think this is a great opportunity for the fans to see a little bit more of my skills, and that's it."
In dos Anjos, Ferguson meets one of the only men whose recent lightweight résumé stands up to their own.
Ferguson is 11-1 in the UFC with a myriad of finishes over high-level opponents, while dos Anjos holds a 10-2 record since 2012, also buoyed by several finishes over big-name foes. But dos Anjos has also lost six times total under the UFC umbrella, and Ferguson is confident they know the recipe to success against the Brazilian.
"There's already blueprints, man," Ferguson said. "You put the pressure on this guy. You test their conditioning. You test the cardio. You test the heart, the will. That's how you beat RDA. Anything else, you want to try to knock them out, you try to set your focus on one little thing, it ain't going to happen. It's going to take precision and good power that's going to put away this guy, and I have both."
In Kawasaki, Japan, tourists are flocking to a new kind of attraction: a power plant. It is a monument of sorts, but not one made from marble or granite. Rather than celebrating history or culture, it memorializes how our societies run. And its tall smokestacks, shooting up clouds like industrial geysers, inspire awe in the minds of kojo moe tourists.
Kojo moe, meaning “factory infatuation”, is a growing subculture of people who travel around Japan to see oil refineries, steel manufacturing plants, chemical factories and other such fortresses of industry. They find grandeur and beauty in what many see as unsightly sources of pollution.
Canadian photographer Edward Burtynsky has made a career from bringing these “manufactured landscapes” to life, forcing their audience to confront the contradictions that the images create. When accepting the 2005 TED Prize (given annually by TED, a series of conferences on innovation in technology, entertainment and design), Burtynsky said they wanted their striking images – from a tessellation of manufacturing workers in China to a bloody river of mine tailings in Canada – not to disgust audiences, but to challenge them. “To say, ‘Wow, this is beautiful on one level, but on the other level, this is scary – I shouldn't be enjoying it.' Like a forbidden pleasure”, they explained in their TED talk. “And it's that forbidden pleasure that I think is what resonates out there…I'm drawn to have a good life, I want a house and I want a car, but there's a consequence out there. And how do I begin to have that attraction-repulsion?”
That conflicting sensibility is inherent to industrial tourism around the world, as remnants of industry's past and bastions of its present draw visitors who are curious about society's growth over time. Here are a few fascinating industrial tours designed with these travellers in mind.
Kawasaki, Japan
Kojo moe has transformed the industrial hub of Kawasaki into a tourist destination, for everything from its food plants to its oil refineries. The Kawasaki City Tourist Association now offers night cruises that tour factories around the Tokyo Bay. Sights may include the huge, brightly lit Kawasaki oil refinery or the JFE Steel Corporation. Several factories (including JFE) offer tours inside their facilities and information can be found on the tourist association's website. To book a night cruise or a daytime bus tour, contact the tourist association at 04-4-544-8229.
Saint-Nazaire, France
The Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard has built around 600 vessels and more than 110 cruise ships and ocean liners (including the RMS Queen Mary 2) since it opened in 1861. Information on touring the shipyard, which gives visitors a rare look into ship construction, massive machinery and all, can be found at the Saint-Nazaire Office of Tourism website.
Belle Isle, United States
Virginia's Belle Isle is a place of paradox. Sitting on the James River and rife with freshwater swimming holes, the island is smack dab in the middle of downtown Richmond. The park itself is an odd amalgamation of natural and unnatural, with trees, cliffs, hiking trails and wildlife co-existing alongside abandoned industrial structures. Once home to a hydroelectric power plant, an iron foundry, a granite quarry and a Civil War prison camp and cemetery, Belle Isle is a simultaneously eerie and peaceful place to explore.
After touring the island's abandoned buildings, consider going for a relaxing swim in the park's blue, freshwater holes, a go-to spot for locals seeking respite from the heat. The James River's active rapids around Belle also make tubing, kayaking and canoeing popular activities.
Bataan, Philippines
In 1985, the Philippines completed construction on a nuclear power plant that cost 88 billion Philippine pesos, but the Bataan plant was never used. This year, it finally opened – as a tourist attraction. The plant is offering tours in hopes of increasing support for nuclear power (contact the power firm Napocor at 63-2-921-3541). Meanwhile, the environmental group Greenpeace is hosting its own tours in hopes of decreasing support for nuclear power (contact Greenpeace's Philippines office at 63-2-332-1807).
Balaklava, Ukraine
Balaklava is home to an underground submarine base that was built by the Soviet army in 1961 and eventually abandoned in 1995. The base is now a museum, which you can visit independently or through a tour operator. Ukraine Tour is one of many companies offering private guided tours.
Brooklyn, United States
New York's Brooklyn Navy Yard opened in 1801 and was used to build warships, including the United States' first steam-powered military ship, the Fulton Steam Frigate. After the shipyard closed in 1966, it was turned into a city park. Today, it is a 300-acre industrial park with more than 40 buildings, including residential and office space. The Brooklyn Historical Society hosts bus and bike tours of the Navy yard.
Munich, Germany
A truly unique experience can be found at the BMW Plant in Munich. Tours lead visitors throughout the automobile factory, allowing them to witness how parts are produced, how engines are built and how cars are assembled. Tours include visits to the BMW press shop, body shop, paint shop and engine assembly area.
Detroit, United States
Once the centre of the United States' automotive industry and an economic powerhouse, Detroit is a must-visit city for industrial tourism. Travellers can explore the history of Ford Motor Company at the Piquette Avenue Plant, where the Model T — the first affordable car for everyday Americans — was born. A few minutes away from Piquette Avenue, visitors can see manufacturing in action at the Ford Rouge Factory, the only Detroit automotive plant tour available to the public. The Rouge offers tours of its assembly plant, observation deck and legacy gallery – which houses five historic Ford cars.
Throughout Detroit, the city's ruins provide an even grittier look into its industrial past. The abandoned Packard Motor Car Plant, on East Grand Boulevard, has become an attraction for photographers, street artists, skateboarders and even paintballers. A Detroit News video provides a glimpse into the appreciation locals have for the deteriorating building.
Mahal, more often spelled Machal (Hebrew: מח"ל), refers to the group of overseas volunteers who fought alongside Israeli forces during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. Some 4,000 volunteers, mostly Jews but also non-Jews, arrived from all over the world.[1][2] Mahal is an acronym of מתנדבי חוץ לארץ (Mitnadvei Hutz LaAretz, "volunteers from abroad").
Mahal was disbanded after the war and most of the volunteers went home, although some remained in the country as permanent residents.
History [ edit ]
Many members of Mahal were World War II veterans from the United States and British Armed Forces. Allied armies were reduced considerably after the end of the war and many soldiers were demobilised; moreover, the service experience became mundane and did not suit some servicemen, particularly pilots. In various circumstances they were invited, or heard of the Jewish state's struggle for independence and volunteered. In some cases those who enlisted had no prior military experience.[3] There were Jews and Christians, both ideological supporters of Zionism and mercenaries.[4]
The Ha'apala movement, also called "Aliyah Bet", which attempted to evade the 1939 and 1948 British naval blockade restricting Jewish immigration to Palestine, was assisted by 236 Machal former servicemen of the Allied navies as crews of ten clandestine Jewish refugee ships, out of sixty-six participating vessels.
The 1948 Arab-Israeli War saw approximately 3500 foreign volunteers from 58 countries among the Jewish forces, out of an estimated 29,677–108,300 total (it grew considerably in size due to increasing levels of militarisation).[5] A total of 123 Mahalniks were killed in battle (119 men and 4 women).
One of the most famous Machal volunteers was Mickey Marcus, a Jewish United States Army colonel who became Israel's first aluf (brigadier general). Marcus' wartime experience was vital in the 1948 Battle for Jerusalem. Other important Mahalniks were Canadian officer Ben Dunkelman and U.S. pilot Milton Rubenfeld, and Major Wellesley Aron, an English-born Palestinian Jew who had commanded a unit in the British Army during World War II. In 1947, while on a lecture tour of the United States, they were requested by the Haganah to organize the recruitment of men with "know-how" who could help in defending the newly established state.[6]
Aid to Israeli Air Force [ edit ]
The largest presence of Mahal was felt in the Israeli Air Force (IAF), making up nearly two-thirds of its personnel, to the point that English overtook Hebrew as the most widely used operational IAF service language.[7][8]
Inscription on Mahal memorial in Israel
Cargo flights flown by Mahal air crews transported weapons and supplies to Palestine from Europe, and thousands of Jewish refugees from Arab countries. During the Egyptian Army siege of the Negev region in 1948, Mahal pilots airlifted thousands of tons of supplies to communities behind enemy lines, usually by night landings of large cargo planes and converted airliners on makeshift, unpaved sand runways, hand lit by oil lamps. The national Israeli airline El Al was partially founded by Mahal veterans.[citation needed]
The integration of Mahal personnel into the Israel Defense Forces did not proceed without difficulty. Occasional tensions surfaced due to the superior pay and service conditions demanded by and given to the volunteers over resident or native Israeli soldiers, mainly in the air force; some of the volunteers were adventurers with little commitment to Zionism or to a rigid, disciplined hierarchy. This culminated in the disbandment of the Air Transport Division, following an "industrial action" by its Mahal personnel over pay conditions. The division was re-established with Israeli personnel.[citation needed]
Logistic support of the founding of the IAF was provided by various diaspora groups which procured planes in the critical months of 1948-9. One important such activity in Australia led to the export to Israel of six planes, despite the arms blockade enforced only against Israel amongst the combatants.[9]
A few hours before the final cease-fire on 7 January 1949, a flight of four British RAF Spitfires bypassed the southern Israeli border on a reconnaissance flight. They were attacked by a pair of Israeli Air Force Spitfires, resulting in three of the British planes being shot down. The Israeli Spitfires were flown by Mahal volunteers "Slick" Goodlin (USA) and John McElroy (Canada). Both were former US Army Air Forces and Royal Canadian Air Force pilots, veterans of World War II.
Legacy and commemoration [ edit ]
After the end of the war in 1949, the majority of the Mahal returned to their home countries. Some remained to live in Israel; the village of Kfar Daniel near Lod was founded by Mahal veterans from North America and the United Kingdom. Then Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion said "the Mahal Forces were the Diaspora's most important contribution to the survival of the State of Israel."[10]
A memorial honouring the Mahal volunteers was erected near Sha'ar HaGai on the road from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. On it is inscribed a verse from Joshua 1:14: "All those of valour shall pass armed among your brethren, and shall help them."[11]
Volunteer programs today [ edit ]
Overseas residents can serve in the IDF through various volunteer programs which are for young non-Israelis of Jewish background who are legal residents in Israel (and descendants of a Jewish grandparent) and overseas Israelis who are younger than 24 (men), 21 (women), 36 (physicians). The programs consist typically of 18 months of IDF service (21 months, if IDF-Hebrew study program, or ulpan, is necessary) including extended training for those joining combat units or 1 month of non-combat training. All overseas volunteers serve in regular Israeli military units.
Sar-El is another IDF volunteer program open to Jews and non-Jews which focuses on non-combat support.
Notable Mahal members [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Britain's adoption of Sweden's "free school" model has been called into question after one of Sweden's largest private sector school operators announced it would shut down, leaving hundreds of students stranded.
JB Education, whose schools educate around 10,000 Swedish pupils, said on Thursday that it would sell 19 of its high schools and close down the remaining four.
The decision, which follows four school closures announced by the company in February, came as the Danish private equity group Axcel, which bought the chain in 2008, decided it could no longer continue to cover the company's losses.
"I'm devastated that the company I've managed for a short time won't survive," said JB Education's chief executive, Anders Hultin. "It's extremely regrettable that it will affect the students."
Ibrahim Baylan, the education spokesperson for Sweden's opposition Social Democratic party, said the closures should come as a warning to the UK not to slavishly adopt the Swedish model, where private companies can set up profit-making free schools, paid for by the state but with little government oversight.
"Before you do something like this you have to really, really think about how you set up the system," they said. "The system here is not working as it's supposed to work. Nobody could foresee that so many private equity companies would be in our school system as we have today."
Two Swedish school companies, Kunskapsskolan and Internationella Engelska Skolan (IES), have already taken over the management of schools in the UK, albeit on a non-profit basis. Like JB Education, both are owned by private equity companies. Kunskapsskolan's non-profit UK arm, Learning Schools Trust, operates schools in Suffolk, Northamptonshire and two in Richmond, south-west London. IES is often cited as an inspiration for the Conservative push for free schools, with the education secretary, Michael Gove, visiting IES's schools in Sweden. Through a trust named Sabres, IES has operated a free school in Breckland, Suffolk, since 2012.
Critics of the involvement of profit-making companies such as IES fear that their presence is a precursor to allowing corporations to operate state-funded free schools and academies directly.
Gove has said they are open-minded about allowing profit-making companies to run free schools in the future, and the Conservatives are expected to include a proposal to allow them to do so in their 2015 election manifesto.
Andrea Martinson, 37, a social studies teacher at JB Åkersberga, one of the schools due to be closed down, said they now felt there was something wrong with Sweden's for-profit system.
"It makes you sad that the system's not working as it was intended to, since the money issue is so important," they said. "I think it's OK to make a profit, but don't spend the money. That's the problem: they haven't been saving their money for the bad years."
Pontus Ringstedt-Axberg, 18, who is training to be a chef at the school, said students and teachers had been sad and depressed at the meeting held on Friday morning to inform students, although they said they were happy that they were being transferred to another, much larger, school which shares the same building.
"I think it sucks, because my teachers are the best teachers in the world, so I'm really sad about it," they said. "I think they did it in a bad way. I heard about it on the internet."
Donald Trump (Photo: Associated Press)
Donald Trump is the first president-elect ever known to go on a nationwide victory tour, which kicks off this week in a key swing state that helped the real estate mogul pull off their surprise victory.
The Republican is scheduled to be at U.S. Bank Arena at 7 p.m. Thursday for a campaign-like rally. Vice President-elect Mike Pence is scheduled to attend the kickoff of what the Trump campaign is calling the "USA Thank You Tour."
Political experts aren't surprised Trump is taking a victory lap before their inauguration on Jan. 20, nor that he's launching the tour in Ohio.
"I don't have a problem with it at all ... (because) they have a lot of work to do to unify the country around their presidency," said Allan Lichtman, Washington, D.C.-based political analyst and history professor at American University. "I don't know if it will work or not. As it is with their entire life, I think this is all about their ego."
Trump's transition team did not return a message seeking comment from The Enquirer. Their supporters view the tour as a populist's way of giving back to the voters. The event is free and tickets are available on a first-come, first-served basis.
"One thing people don't like about politicians is they never seem grateful," said former Northern Kentucky attorney Eric Deters, one of Trump's leading supporters in the region. "He knows they won because they connected with the average American who felt forgotten and left behind. This is truly a nice thing for them to do."
Trump will be making their fourth visit to Greater Cincinnati since March. Their most recent Cincinnati visit also was at U.S. Bank Arena on Oct. 13, less than a week after a video surfaced in which Trump could be heard making lewd comments about a woman. Trump has talked about their love for Cincinnati, where they worked on one of the first projects in their real estate career in 1962.
Hamilton County went for Hillary Clinton in the presidential election, but as Deters pointed out, Trump "cleaned their clock" across the rest of the region. Trump easily won the seven counties that border Hamilton County in Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana. Those results were indicative of how Trump fared in flyover country, including key victories in Ohio, Pennsylvania and Michigan.
Other "Thank You Tour" events have not yet been announced. Some believe these types of big-arena rallies could continue through Trump's presidency, something that also would be unprecedented.
“Donald Trump has already re-written the playbook on how to run a political campaign, so they may very well re-write the playbook for how to be president,” said Dan Tokaji, an Ohio State professor regarded as an authority in voting and elections law. "There's nothing wrong with them trying to mobilize public support for their agenda" now or during their presidency.
A big question going into Thursday's event is whether top Ohio GOP politicians and leaders will show up, particularly those who did not support Trump.
U.S. Sen. Rob Portman, whose home is 15 miles from U.S. Bank Arena, told reporters on Tuesday they would try to attend if they can make it home from Washington in time. It depends on whether the Senate has votes Thursday afternoon. Portman withdrew their endorsement of Trump after the Washington Post's report on the video.
Gov. John Kasich has continued to refuse to support Trump. A spokewoman for Kasich did not return a message seeking comment whether the governor planned to attend Thursday's event.
But many Republicans far and near who refused to support Trump ahead of the Nov. 8 election have come around to the president-elect.
"My phone has blown up with people who want to go see him, even more so than before when they came to Cincinnati," Hamilton County GOP Chairman Alex Triantafilou said. "I'm not going to name names, but one of the calls was from a high-ranking Republican who has been anti-Trump. My jaw dropped to the floor when they said they wanted to go see him."
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2gfFCLa
Posted by
Ian Clarke ,
April 9, 2014 Email
Ian Clarke
Twitter
@ClarkeRNO Read this on your iPhone/iPad or Android device
Despite the leaps and bounds of progress made for soccer in Canada over the last decade, there is still a long way to go. There is no question the profile of the sport has increased dramatically since three of the country's biggest cities joined Major League Soccer, however, there are many layers outside of the small handful of professional clubs that get limited exposure and missing from the Canadian consciousness. As a result, most believe the likes of the Vancouver Whitecaps, Montreal Impact and Toronto FC are the epicentre of not just the sport and player destinations, but also development. Financial resources and marketing have played a huge part in this, and as a result, many might think the paths for a professional footballer are extremely limited, or if these channels are not available, a successful career will not be within reach. What many Canadians might be encouraged to see is there are in fact options outside of MLS and their club academies. Coast to coast, Canada has a reputation of high level coaching and development, but the truth is it often does not get the recognition it deserves. If you were told this past year a Canadian academy showcased to 95 U.S. Colleges, comprising of ¾ of arguably the best soccer conference in the USA - the ACC - schools from the Big East, attracted perennial powers Connecticut, Akron as well as UCLA outside of California for the first time, and had established relationships overseas showcasing to the likes of Tottenham, Celtic, Mallorca, Espanyol, Club Brugges, Genk, Ajax, AZ, Hertha Berlin, Hamburg and FC Koln, would your first thoughts be it must have been one of the pro academies in Toronto, Vancouver or Montreal? The list of interested schools and clubs did not come to Canada for any of the MLS teams, but an independent academy operating out of Mississauga, Ontario. Sigma FC has emerged over the last few years as one of the top youth player development centres in Canada, yet is not in or a part of the national discourse to extent one would expect with their growing results. With the bridge between grassroots soccer and the mainstream still not as seamless as it should be, a realistic question is how many other academies like Sigma FC are delivering results in player development and influencing Canada's future in football? Part 1: A Canadian solution for a Canadian problem
Share
Previous Next 1 of 5
One issue with tattoos is they go in and out of style. Sure, we're now in a run of about 20 or so years where tattoos are cool, but who knows how much longer that will last? And on an individual basis, misspellings (way too common), relationship changes (that, too), and personal choices can make what seemed like a great idea at the time, maybe not so wonderful anymore.
Real tattoos have until now been a forever commitment, at least without surgery or over-tattooing. Laser surgery can remove tattoos, but it's painful, expensive, and the results often look nasty. Another choice is to have a new tattoo over the old one, but that can get tricky unless you're going solid black.
But what if you want a tattoo, but you don't want it forever? Current temporary tattoos don't have the same effect as the real deal and don't last very long at all. Paper-based tattoos kids buy last a day or two. Henna painting, which is really a stain, wears off in most cases within two weeks of the application.
Ephemeral ink is used in a regular tattoo machine and applied by a tattoo artist. There are two ways for an Ephemeral tattoo to disappear. If you just leave the tattoo alone, the ink molecules will eventually break down; it takes about a year. If you decide to remove an Ephemeral ink tattoo earlier, a complementary removal solution can be applied directly over the original tattoo, again by a tattoo artist. That solution will cause the ink molecules to flush out. You can also use the removal solution to get rid of just one part of an Ephemeral ink tattoo to re-do it or change it.
“Tattoo inks today are permanent because of the fact that the dye molecules are too big for your body's immune system to take away,” explained Ephemeral co-founder Anthony Lam. “By using smaller molecules, we've encapsulated them inside this spherical structure that's big enough that your immune system doesn't take it away. But when you remove it, it essentially eats away one of the components and the dye molecules are flushed out.”
Ephemeral's tattoo ink is still in testing with pigs because of their genetic similarity to humans. The company expects to be ready for market by the end of 2017.
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
As one who makes heavy use of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, and laments how slowly it charges using its 12-watt power adapter, I perked up when Apple unveiled its USB-C to Lightning cables.
Like others who rely on the larger iPad Pro, I made a mental leap to the 29-watt USB-C Power Adapter that comes with the 12-inch MacBook. Using the MacBook charger and one of the new cables with the big iPad Pro would mean shorter charging times, right?
That is, indeed, the case. In my tests, charging times are reduced by nearly half, from about 4.5 hours to about 2.5 hours, with the iPad Pro in a sleep state and in airplane mode.
This is possible because of a fast-charging capability that kicks in on gear that supports it, as Apple notes on its product pages for the 1-meter and 2-meter USB-C to Lightning cables:
This USB-C cable connects your iPhone, iPad, or iPod with Lightning connector to your computer's USB-C port for syncing and charging. You can also use the cable with an Apple 29W USB-C Power Adapter to take advantage of the fast charging feature on the 12.9-inch iPad Pro.
My charging tests with the iPad Pro screen cranked up to full brightness and placed in airplane mode were also illuminating. With the MacBook's adapter and the 1-meter USB-C to Lightning Cable, I achieved a 95 percent charge in about 4 hours (though charging at that point slowed to nearly a standstill). With the iPad Pro's standard 12-watt adapter, 24 hours of continuous charging got the battery to no more than about 25 percent.
Some might wonder why this is a big deal. For those charging a sleeping iPad overnight, after all, there is no practical difference between the two methods. The device will be fully charged in the morning regardless of whether 2.5 hours or 4.5 hours are needed to pull this off.
Besides, the gear for fast charging is not cheap. The 29-watt USB-C Power Adapter costs $49, with the 1-meter USB-C to Lightning Cable running $25 and the 2-meter cable going for $35. This means paying between $74 and $84 for all the pieces.
But for some hardcore iPad Pro users, it might be worth it. Some use their iPads as primary productivity devices, and need all the power they can get at all hours. Such people often like to plug in the tablets at their desks to charge while working on the devices, and even here the iPad Pro's default charging gear is problematic.
Depending on what you're doing on the iPad Pro, you could actually see the battery level go down when using it while it's plugged in. I've seen this happen and have worried about the implications for when I have to remove it from power and start relying on the battery.
This is when I grasped the magnitude of Apple's error in bundling a 12-watt charger with the iPad Pro. With the 29-watt charger, it's possible to work on the tablet while its battery level rises steadily – more slowly than if the device were idle, to be sure, but a better situation than next-to-useless “trickle” charging.
This is why, for users of the 12.9-inch iPad, buying a 29-watt charger and USB-C to Lightning cable may be money well spent.
Out of curiosity, I did similar charge tests with the newer 9.7-inch iPad Pro. The results were far less dramatic. Though the 29-watt power adapter charged the smaller tablet a bit more quickly than the 12-watt variant, both did so in just over 3 hours.
There's a reason for this: the smaller iPad Pro does not support fast charging like its bigger brother.
My testing procedures were far from scientific, so I was happy to see others achieving similar results with more rigorous methods.
MacStories' Federico Viticci, for instance, saw how much faster the 29-watt brick charges the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, and wondered if there was a way to “benchmark the 29W and 12W adapters to obtain averages for different charging conditions in a series of 10-minute samples?”
They go on:
I asked Marco Arment if I could use their battery level monitoring tool that they built to observe the performance of Overcast for version 2.5 of the app. Marco was kind enough to send me a build of an app which, by using IOKit (with private APIs not meant for App Store distribution), reports changes in battery level over time for both gain and loss of energy.
Viticci ultimately found that “fast charging with the new 29W adapter trumps regular charging with the 12W model in every test.”
They elaborate:
The performance gap between the 29W and 12W power adapters is simply too big to ignore: every iPad Pro user would want to spend less time charging their device and end up with more battery, more quickly. The 12W power adapter essentially brings glorified iPhone charging to the iPad Pro — a subpar experience that, at this point, is barely acceptable. If you use a 12.9-inch iPad Pro as your primary computer every day, I strongly recommend getting the 29W USB-C power adapter and USB-C to Lightning cable. It's money well spent.
This all raises the obvious question of why Apple didn't bundle a better charger with the large iPad Pro in the first place. It could have been a Lightning adapter instead of a USB-C one, but with the same charging capabilities. The 12W adapter is inadequate for the job, which is unacceptable with an $800 tablet.
I suspect Apple has already seen the error of its ways, and likely will make an adjustment for the next 12.9-inch iPad Pro update. In the meantime, I have migrated permanently over to the 29W MacBook adapter with the USB-C to Lightning Cable – it's the only way to go for power users like me.
Come cry with me over the manufactured crisis at the airport
Increasing nonstop flights into and out of San Antonio is complicated. To add nonstop flights, we need to demonstrate to an airline that San Antonio is the strongest market for them to add service. The proposed incentive porgram will help. less Increasing nonstop flights into and out of San Antonio is complicated. To add nonstop flights, we need to demonstrate to an airline that San Antonio is the strongest market for them to add service. The proposed ... more Photo: JOHN DAVENPORT /San Antonio Express-News Photo: JOHN DAVENPORT /San Antonio Express-News Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Come cry with me over the manufactured crisis at the airport 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Good news! Our manufactured airport crisis has been addressed.
All y'all just rest easy now. The city of San Antonio has a nifty new incentive plan and its eye on nonstop flights to Boston and Reagan National Airport. The city is even going to hire an “air service administrator” at $125,000 a year to grow air service at San Antonio International Airport. The ideal candidate will have “knowledge of presentation requirements and methods” plus “an ability to compile and prepare clear and concise reports.”
No joke. But what is a joke is this plan to “fix” the San Antonio Airport since it's not really broken. City Councilman Joe Krier and Chamber of Commerce Chairman Henry Cisneros have whipped up a frenzy about our supposedly ailing airport. Cisneros has even called it our “Achilles heel.” Really? Because if we are talking about economic roadblocks, our schools tend to stand out.
“The reality is your air service is excellent,” said Mike Boyd, an aviation consultant in Colorado. “When you look at it, San Antonio has access to every single connecting airline hub in America. That's the name of the game.”
It also is emerging as a strong connection to Mexico.
Boyd caught my attention this week when they were featured in a Texas Public Radio story about the incentives. On the air, they didn't pull their punches, calling the city's incentive plan “an amateur act.”
Ouch. Amateur, really?
“The problem is these guys don't know the airline business,” they told me. “And they think, ‘There are lots of airlines out there, and we would get one to come here.' No offense, but San Antonio is starting to look kind of foolish with this.”
Boyd's concerns are really twofold. As part of its incentive package, the city is launching a 12-month landing fee waiver for new unserved routes. It's also waiving terminal rentals, airfield fees and landing fees. But the airline business is so consolidated, cities don't need to offer these blanket waivers. They call this blind incentives. The city could just talk directly to the dominant carriers for its specific target markets.
“You want service to Boston, you go to Southwest and you go to JetBlue. Those are the only two airlines with any earthly interest in going to that market.”
George Hoffer, a transportation economist with the University of Richmond, offered a similar response.
“Would not JetBlue is the most likely candidate for Boston?” they wrote in an email. “Everyone treats Boston as a node. It has no super-dominant carrier. Since JetBlue uses it as a second hub, San Antonio as a destination would be of more value to them.”
Hoffer said incentives are a tool more often used by smaller cities, and they only work when the route works.
“Generally, cities which have tried this are not like San Antonio,” they said.
Boyd's second concern is one of spin. Namely, the “Achilles heel” comment.
“That tells any business that wants to moves to San Antonio, ‘Hey, the Chamber of Commerce says they have got bad air service,'” they said. “This Austin envy has to stop, and you gotta start focusing on how really good the service is and build on it.”
They would mean focusing on which flights are totally booked from San Antonio, and then the connecting flights San Antonio residents board.
Before Krier and Cisneros created an airport crisis, before this obsession about “losing” 300,000 passengers to Austin, the city was celebrating a record year at the airport in 2014. Almost 8.4 million passengers were served.
And this year, our “Achilles heel” was up slightly in passenger count through September, per city reports. International passenger counts were up 15 percent, reflecting the strength of our connections to Mexico. We set a record for passengers in 2014, and we might just set a record for passengers this year, too.
Arthur Coulombe, chairperson of the Air Service Development Task Force and general manager of JW Marriott San Antonio Hill Country Resort & Spa, said they heard Boyd's criticisms, but the new incentives are just one tool among many.
“One of the symbols of a progressive, growing, flourishing city, this I hope you will quote, is the airport, and what it says about our confidence in our current growth toward becoming an ever bigger economic presence in Central Texas,” they said.
The implication was these incentives will lead to bigger and better things. But this manufactured crisis suggests a lack of confidence.
Desperate times call for desperate measures — even after record years.
#DeDraMo Submission Guidelines
Note: "DeDraMo" refers to the actual event of December Drawing Month, whereas "#DeDraMo" refers only to this group.
All DeDraMo images must be created between December 1st and December 31st. Anything submitted to #DeDraMo is subject to review by either 00jolty FayeKittie
You should mention DeDraMo either in the title, or somewhere in the description. This is so that we know that you're actively taking part in the event and not just using the community as an art dump.
DeDraMo submissions are accepted starting on December 1st, and will continue to be accepted well into January, for those of you who do not have immediate access to a scanner. We will accept up to five submissions per day per person during December, as we understand that you may not have time to draw/upload each day. Although the goal of DeDraMo is to draw 31 pictures in 31 days, we will also accept additional images if you happen to exceed the goal.
Mature and Controversial Content
Although participants of DeDraMo are welcome to draw anything under the sun, there are a few rules regarding what can and cannot be submitted to this group:
Submissions containing violence, sexuality, or other mature content MUST be marked as Mature Content, or it will not be approved. This is to keep the group family-friendly and to protect those members who would rather not see such things.
Religious and faith-based works of art are okay (ie: a drawing of the Buddha, Jesus on the cross, etc.) -- however, please be aware that we do not represent any one religious point of view, and if your piece is deemed to be offensive or too controversial, we may not accept it. Try to use your best judgement.
Please do not submit politically-themed artworks to #DeDraMo, although you may still count them towards your 31 drawings. There is just far too much potential for controversy there.
FAQ #220: What is Mature Content?
FAQ #554: Is my deviation Mature Content?
FAQ #93: How does the Mature Content option work?
Literature and Other Media
Literature and other media (ie: reviews, advertisements, etc.) will be accepted year-round, provided they directly relate to DeDraMo. Such submissions are encouraged!
Literature and media may be written in any language, but please be aware that it may take longer to approve if an English translation is not provided.
Blog Entries
As of right now, the blog is reserved for administrative usage only. This may change in the future.
Affiliates
Most groups with a membership of 15 individuals or more are welcome to affiliate with #DeDraMo. For neutrality reasons, we will not be accepting religious or political affiliates. (Regional groups -- ie: groups made specifically for citizens of a particular city or country -- will be accepted.)
DeDraMo on the web!
Official LiveJournal Group -- See where it all began!
DeDraMo on Neopets? -- Info and banners for citizens of Neopia!
If you have some free time and are interested in creating and maintaining a group on another website, such as Facebook or Tumblr, please send a message to 00jolty
Even the best and most prolific of mathematicians have had to do homework assignments. Famed Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler (1707–1783) was no exception.
Euler was only 14 years old when they were sent to the University of Basel in 1720 to study for the ministry. Not long after their arrival, they got themselves introduced to Johann Bernoulli (1667–1748) and persuaded the famous scholar to serve as their mentor.
In their unpublished autobiographical writings, Euler noted, "True, [Bernoulli] was very busy and so refused flatly to give me private lessons; but they gave me much more valuable advice to start reading more difficult mathematical books on my own and to study them as diligently as I could; if I came across some obstacle or difficulty, I was given permission to visit them freely every Saturday afternoon and they kindly explained to me everything I could not understand."
Euler obtained their Master's degree in philosophy in 1723, then embarked on their theological
An unconscious patient's "Do Not Resuscitate" tattoo on their chest posed quite a dilemma for doctors at the University of Miami recently.
Doctors discovered the tattoo, which appeared to include the man's signature, after the 70-year-old patient with a history of heart disease and diabetes was brought to the emergency department recently, according to a correspondence in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The man was inebriated and doctors weren't able to bring them to consciousness or find their next of kin.
"We initially decided not to honor the tattoo, invoking the principle of not choosing an irreversible path when faced with uncertainty," the UM doctors wrote. "This decision left us conflicted owing to the patient's extraordinary effort to make their presumed advance directive known; therefore, an ethics consultation was requested."
But the ethics consultants advised the doctors to honor the tattoo, and they do not resuscitate order was written. The social work department obtained a copy of the man's Florida Department of Health "out-of-hospital" DNR order, which was consistent with the tattoo.
"We were relieved to find their written DNR request, especially because a review of the literature identified a case report of a person whose DNR tattoo did not reflect their current wishes," the correspondence said. "Despite the well-known difficulties that patients have in making their end-of-life wishes known, this case report neither supports nor opposes the use of tattoos to express end-of-life wishes when the person is incapacitated."
The man's health deteriorated through the night, and they died without undergoing cardiopulmonary respiration or advanced airway management, the correspondence said.
"In talking with my colleagues, no one has seen a patient with a DNR tattoo before," Dr. Gregory E. Holt, one of the authors of the letter, told NBC 6 Friday. "Though I am now getting emails of individuals who have this tattoo and a search of Google shows there are many out there with similar tattoos."
For the first time in half a decade, more people are leaving London than are moving to it. Net migration away from the capital has exceeded 80,000 people a year. So why are people leaving the city? And does it really matter?
A lack of affordable, spacious and good-quality housing has of course been a push factor in the exodus from the city. So for some leavers, it's the allure of the “bargain” family house in the provinces. Others are being forcibly expelled, moved and dumped by their councils to cheaper accommodation in less affluent parts of the country. For others still, more realistic housing costs offer breathing space from the relentless hustle that is making rent in the capital.
But it's not just housing. London has also become increasingly culturally sterile. Scores of LGBT venues have disappeared. Noise complaints and Operation Condor have sounded the death knell for other music hotspots, with 400 venues closing their doors in the capital in the last decade. The Night Time Industries Association (NTIA) has emerged to directly defend the night-time economy from the ravages of regeneration and “luxury” flat developments. The infamous King's Cross nightclubs – Bagley's, the Cross and the Key – have been replaced by Granary Square, a privately owned public space owned by UK and Australian asset management firms and pension funds. Here, you can “eat, drink, shop”, unless – of course – you are refused right of entry. Or you want to take a photo.
'Leaving London means I can afford kids': readers on why the capital lost its sparkle Read more
All of this points to a process that sociologist Saskia Sassen calls “deurbanisation”. Numerically, this means haemorrhaging residents, while metaphorically it relates to the increasing hollowing out of the social and cultural vibrancy of the city. The very things that make up its fabric – the messiness, unpredictability and diversity of urban life – are stripped away. All that's left is Costa Coffee, Pret-a-Manger and hoardings advertising buy-to-let investments, illustrated by white couples laughing and sipping champagne.
If this migration away from London is a canary in the coalmine for the vitality of the city, it is doubtful that many of us outside the city will shed many tears. For too long, brain drain to the capital has deprived the rest of the UK and its local economies of graduates and young people. Capital spending on infrastructure in London is 10 times higher than the East Midlands. HS3, the flagship railway line for the construction of the “northern powerhouse” hangs in the balance, while electrification plans for Sheffield and Cardiff have been shelved. Despite steps to remedy the inequality, Arts Council funding remains extraordinarily weighted in favour of London, and of the “high” culture institutions that are based there.
What places such as Margate, Birmingham and Manchester offer, in contrast, is an opportunity to eke out space for their own grassroots cultural activities. Such activities depend on two things: cheap living costs that enable people to commit time to unremunerated cultural activities, and low-cost space for studios, performance spaces, galleries and nightclubs. It's likely that we will see a proliferation of regional grassroots cultural spaces as young creative people forsake London in favour of other cities.
Partisan collective, a new worker and member-owned co-operative arts and social club in Manchester is one such space. In February 2016, 50 people, including many new arrivals in the city, met in the back room of a Northern Quarter pub to discuss the possibility of setting up a collectively owned arts venue. Eighteen months later, having secured a space in the city centre, they opened their doors with a weekend-long festival of music, film, workshops and discussions.
New venues such as The White Hotel, Mantra and the fully wheelchair-accessible Texture have all emerged in Manchester over the last few years. Meat Free, an all-female promoter collective, run hugely popular not-for-profit electronic music nights. The Real Junk Food project has recently set up shop east of the city centre, recycling waste food in their pay-as-you-feel restaurant. A band threatened with losing their practice space above the Old Abbey Taphouse simply took over the pub. There's a thriving and growing underground queer scene, with Vice recently dubbing Salford “the most exciting place to party in the UK right now”.
Real culture happens in communities, not galleries Chiara Knott
Manchester's current artistic renaissance has been driven in part by the presence of young, energetic people committed to grassroots and alternative culture. But it's not all a bed of roses, according to Partisan member Chiara Knott, pointing out the proliferation of high-rise blocks of expensive apartments and hoardings advertising “luxury living in heart of the city”. Having moved back to Manchester after a decade away, they said, “we've found a city in crisis. There's lots of development but none of it is for us, we can't afford it. Who is it for? We can't afford to buy a home, our favourite venues are having to fight for their licences.” And what about the proposed £78m government investment in the new “Factory” cultural centre and the biennial Manchester International Festival? “Real culture,” Chiara says, “happens in communities, not galleries.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Clubbers queuing outside infamous Berghain nightclubs on a Sunday afternoon in Berlin. Photograph: Alamy
Property development is part and parcel of the Manchester “miracle”, as overseas investment floods into the city and the skyline are a forest of cranes. Surely this is a good thing? Landlords and developers think so. Manchester and Salford now offer the highest yields for buy-to-let properties in the country. At nearly 7%, these are double the current London yield: same investment, twice the profits. So, as Landlord Today unrepentantly advises: “It could be time for landlords to turn their attention away from pricey London and look to the UK's regional cities.”
However, as the example of London demonstrates, one person's boom is another's crisis. Despite, or perhaps because of, the real estate boom, homelessness in Manchester has increased by 33% in just the last year. So, where next? If Manchester becomes a giant monument to Qatari capital and the hubris of retired footballers, where will be the next place providing cheap living costs and affordable space to those invested in creating independent culture? Bradford has a growing arts scene in the shell of its magnificent industrial architecture. Hull is the UK City of Culture. But how can we stop the cannibalisation of that culture by real estate markets? How can we stop the expulsion of the very same people who make the city an exciting place to live?
The real cost of regeneration Read more
These are not rhetorical questions. The answers should be self-evident. The solution is not for people and families to constantly jump ship, shoved from pillar to post on a dusty road in an endless search for affordable housing. Infrastructure and public spending must be redistributed across the country. Central government and local authorities must take steps to protect underground cultural spaces from destructive market forces. In Berlin, techno clubs are considered to have cultural significance and given protected tax status. The grand council of the night works directly with local authorities to defend the liberties of those engaged in night culture. These aren't utopian dreams, they are political decisions.
Above all, homes should no longer be treated as commodities, sold off as empty shells for investors to store their wealth. A mass project of social housing is needed to hold communities together and to act as a buffer against the hollowing out of the city by global capital. As we say in Manchester, Our Homes Are Not Your Assets.
• Kate Hardy is associate professor and lecturer in work and employment relations at the University of Leeds; Tom Gillespie is an urban geographer at the University of Manchester
The King's Speech
Brush even a fingertip against the balloon of Hollywood ambition and prize-mania, and it can burst with gratifying speed, emitting huge gusts of narcissism and megalomania. Ever since I, and one or two others, published some criticisms of The King's Speech, there has been a lovely value-for-money response of outraged ego. Tinseltown reporters have e-mailed and telephoned me to report that Harvey Weinstein goes around saying that all who doubt the perfection of their latest offering are in sinister league with the makers of The Social Network. I had some difficulty in believing that this was really true, but it did cheer me up. Yet now the film's screenwriter, David Seidler, has given a foam-flecked interview to the Puffington Host, or whatever the hell it's called, in which they speak darkly of a “smear campaign” against their baby, a campaign of which I constitute a “prong.” So perhaps the termites of paranoia have been dining long and well on the Weinstein Co. cortex. A hitherto almost unpunctuated stream of praise and tribute is not enough—the chorus of adulation must be unanimous. This is what comes of immersing oneself in the cult of hereditary monarchy and of seeking to bask in its tawdry glare.
Seidler first unmasks their batteries by saying that I “accuse” them “of not knowing that Churchill supported David (Edward VIII) not Bertie.” I did nothing of the sort. I accused them of deliberately omitting the fact (suppressio veri, or withholding the truth) even as they strongly implied that Churchill's loyalty was to the babbling Bertie, which constitutes suggestio falsi, or the insinuation of untruth. They now tell us that a scene in which Churchill supported the pro-Nazi princeling “David” was cut from the final version, allegedly because it “sagged.” Well, why not craft a scene—illustrating the far more fascinating truth of the matter—that does not sag?
Perhaps admitting more than they should, Seidler adds that the decision of the royal physicians to euthanize the dying King George V (by means of an injection of morphine and cocaine, designed to ensure that the timing of the announcement would favor the extreme-right Times of London) was also removed from the film. Did that not-uninteresting detail also sag in the telling? Or would its inclusion, along with the accurate Churchill scene, have made it harder to sustain the uncritical and anti-historical reverence for the palace and for Churchill that the whole movie seems designed to perpetuate?
By a similar mixture of suppressio veri and suggestio falsi, The King's Speech also part-whitewashes and part-airbrushes the consistent support of Buckingham Palace for Stanley Baldwin and Neville Chamberlain and their unceasing attempt to make an agreement with Hitler that would allow them a free hand in Europe while preserving the British Empire. Here, let me quote Seidler again:
Hitchens also accuses Bertie of supporting Chamberlain in appeasing Hitler. Well, just about everyone in England, except Churchill, did the same. Hindsight is always 20/20. England had lost the cream of a generation in WW1. Nobody wanted another war. And England wasn't ready. Chamberlain had to buy time to gear up war production, which they did; hardly the actions of an appeaser. When they returned from Munich with “peace in our time” crowds gathered around 10 Downing Street and cheered them as a hero. Of course the King and Queen supported him. Constitutionally they had to.
That lame cliché about “20/20 hindsight,” usually a bad enough sign on its own, certainly doesn't apply in Seidler's case. Not only do they get everything wrong that can be gotten wrong, but they ease themselves into an actual apology and rationalization, even now, for the Chamberlain policy.
As I wrote in my original piece:
1) There was a large and growing movement in Britain against the sellout to Hitler. Extending across the Labour and Liberal parties, and including an important number of senior Tories, it took the name Arms and the Covenant, calling for rearmament and the solidarity of all anti-Hitler governments and parties. Many of its leaders were horribly distressed when Churchill split the ranks in order to pursue their near-suicidal allegiance to the ghastly Edward VIII.
2) Chamberlain's deal at Munich did not only hand over the free peoples of Czechoslovakia, bound and gagged, to Hitler. It also surrendered to them one of Europe's most important centers of arms manufacture, based around the enormous Skoda munitions factory. The only “war production” to be “geared up” by this crazy action was that of the Third Reich, now enlarged and more aggressive. This was widely noticed at the time. And if any “time” was “bought,” it was for the Führer.
3) The king and queen did not echo or follow public opinion. They helped decisively to shape it in Chamberlain's favor. They were met by a royal envoy as soon as they landed from Munich, taken straight to Buckingham Palace, and displayed on the balcony with a monarchical baptism for their treaty, which had yet to be submitted to Parliament. The effect on the press and the public was immense. The mobs in Downing Street came later (and, in fact, it was only then that Chamberlain uttered their memorable fatuity about “peace for [not in] our time.” Seidler's ignorance of constitutional questions—if it really is ignorance—is near-perfect. The monarchy has no business publicly taking sides in ongoing debates, let alone pre-empting Parliament. The monarchist Tory and Churchillite historian Andrew Roberts is quite correct, in their exhaustive chapter on this subject in Eminent Churchillians, in agreeing with those who describe this moment as “the most unconstitutional act by a British sovereign.”
4) Even the late queen themselves told their biographer William Shawcross that they and “Bertie” had been mistaken in doing what they did. They still attempted the defense that nobody wanted another war (though Munich of course brought war much closer and on terms more favorable to a Nazi victory). But this would not explain why they and their husband privately fought to keep Chamberlain in office even after the war broke out—and tried to ensure their replacement by the arch-reactionary and appeaser Lord Halifax, instead of Churchill, when the Nazis were almost at the gates.
In giving this recent interview, then, David Seidler has gone far beyond the original misrepresentation and falsification that lie at the heart of the film and has become a propagandist for the Munich faction. As I wrote originally, The King's Speech is an excellently made movie that features (with the awful exception of Timothy Spall's Churchill) generally first-rate acting. Oscars should go to those who entertain and amuse. But if the academy gives an award to Seidler, a man who absurdly fancies themselves subject to persecution when confronted with the historical record, it will have conferred approval on something, and someone, extremely shabby.
Like Slate on Facebook. Follow Slateand the Slate Foreign Desk on Twitter.
Hi everyone! We got a special piece of malware on the docket. Mila over @ contagiodump and Trusteer reported a new type of malware called Shylock. They were mum on the details aside from some threat report which was very sparse on information. So I requested a sample and proceeded to do some RE on it. So we'll look into it together to combine traditional Reverse Engineering for the goal of finding artifacts to verify infection in Volatility. (Download the Shylock infected memory sample here)
The dropper can be downloaded from here (the pw is “infected”) and does some basic decryption of itself then proceeds to create a few files. One is a copy of itself in a random path as well as a .bat file that is run from cmd.exe with the \c to change attributes on the dropped files then erase them after malicious code is injected into explorer.exe. The dropper spawns this command shell to process the .bat file. The bat file is pasted below.
:repeat
if not exist "C:\re\shylock\4FDA5E7E8E682870E993F97AD26BA6B2" goto exit
attrib -R -S -H "C:\re\shylock\4FDA5E7E8E682870E993F97AD26BA6B2"
erase "C:\re\shylock\4FDA5E7E8E682870E993F97AD26BA6B2"
goto repeat
:exit
attrib -R -S -H "C:\Documents and Settings\vmuser1\Application Data\Adobe\Flash Player\D.tmp.bat"
erase "C:\Documents and Settings\vmuser1\Application Data\Adobe\Flash Player\D.tmp.bat"
A file is also copied in windows\system32 and a subsequent unique id is generated that will be in the. After that it terminates itself and removes the dropper off the disk leaving all control up to the recently injected code into explorer.exe.
3 sections are allocated into explorer.exe and a dll is decrypted and loaded by these 3 sections. After this the injected code replicates itself into other processes by injecting them and hooking API's. I'm going to be showing code snippets that are from the injected code using the technique I posted on previously about Debugging Injected code with IDA Pro.
Well other artifacts that we can use to aid in analysis or diagnosis of a particular sample are Mutexes and Files. Reversing the dropper (as well as recently published here, here, here) we can see that the malware creates an autorun key as it's persistence mechanism with a unique key.
This function is copying a string of “MTX_” to the heap that will be parsed together with our unique ID. Then fed into our call to CreateMutex. You can see the pointer returned by the above screen shot is de-referenced then passed to a CreateMutex wrapper function that takes one argument.
Notice the function call is actually Create_Mutex_Arg0 which I've had to RE, rename as this function is actually a wrapper call to CreateMutex. The wrapper code is displayed below. If you wanted to find out exactly where this is in your injected code. You'll have to set a break point on kernel32_CreateMutex and see where it was referenced in your hijackdll as it could be loaded in a completely different spot than what's in my IDB.
This final function actually calls the system API call to create this mutex. Now let's verify this artifact holds for us in our memory dump. The way we can do this is to use the mutscan command and pipe this output to a file. Doing this and we search for “MTX_” we get a few results that look like this.
MTX_919863BFD426AA00979BDF55477F92A7
You'll notice a few of these in the mutscan as there is another value that is added which I haven't yet reversed. (I decided to publish this early due to Evilcry's webpost.) So that's our first artifact and we'll look into a file artifact next. This just illustrates that you can do a rough once over debug/RE to find artifacts for a piece of malware that may not be published in a formal threat analysis from AV, researcher, someone else.
Next up we're going to investigate a file artifact. Shylock uses named pipes to communicate but also it uses this unique id that was referenced above. The following screenshot shows the routine in which it is created.
So you can see here that the injected dll uses the CreateNamedPipeA command to setup the named pipe that it subsequently reads/writes from. Now leveraging this information from our debugging/RE process we can use this to create another fingerprint from a Shylock infection. We can verify this in Volatility with the filescan program using “python vol.py -f img.mem filescan > output.txt” and look for a named pipe that is a hexadecimal number 32 bytes in length. Sure enough we find one for our infection here.
0x01b42340 0x819b8730 3 1 —— ‘\\919863BFD426AA00979BDF55477F92A7'
Now for extra credit you can attribute this to a specific process and you can see that it's parent will be explorer.exe. To do this you can use Volatility 1.3 and Andreas Schusters file plugins. More artifacts may be coming soon what else can you find?
References:
[1] –ContagioDump of Shylock
[2] – Evilcry's Shylock Volatility Analysis
[3] – Symantec Shylock Report
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Posted in incident response, Malware
Tags: artifacts, debugging, malware, re, reverse engineering, shylock
Hello Princesses!
Today I'm going to be talking about the Neulii Aloe BHA Soothing Seru m! This serum was sent to me for review by Neulii.
"Features Gel-type serum that helps in recovering roughened and sensitive skin, contains natural BHA and aloe, excellent for calming skin.
Enhance skin condition by applying proper amount of contents after cleansing or toner stage. Natural Extract Serum having smooth absorption to be used together with any products."( How to useEnhance skin condition by applying proper amount of contents after cleansing or toner stage. Natural Extract Serum having smooth absorption to be used together with any products."( 1
This serum comes packaged in a really pretty blue and white themed box and bottle.
The bottle is made of sturdy, frosted plastic and comes with a hygienic pump and cap.
This serum has a thick, almost gel like texture. It's clear in colour and smells like very little. It's easy to spread on the skin and absorbs quickly , leav ing a slightly tacky finish.
This serum did confuse me initially, since it contained BHA I assumed that it would be exfoliating. However, a fter asking the company I discovered that the per centage of BHA in the form of betaine S alicylate is at such a low percen tage at 0.05% and the PH l evel is so high at 7. 7 that there is really no chance that it has any e xfoliating effects.
For me, this serum works best as a sooth ing, hydrating serum. I use this morning and night at the moment and it' s adding t o the many light layers of hydrat ion w ithout over whelming my sk in. I also trialled it on my younger sisters sensitive skin and they reported t hat they ha d no irritation from it either !
What I Love
- Easy to apply and absorbs quickly
- Great for sensitive skin
- Soothing and hydrating
- Quite inexpensive at about $15USD
What I Don't Love
- The BHA doesn't really do anything at a per cen tage of 0.05 and PH of 7.7
Final Thoughts
I quite like this serum for light hydration and calming my skin, but I don't think it's a revolutionary product for me in particular since my skin is only a touch sensitive. It's great for layering with other products to boost the hydration of my skin, and since it is fragrance free it seems to be quite nice for sensitive skin! But in all honest y, I don't think this is a must item for me in my skincare regime.
A young rapper travelled more than 1,000 miles to meet a pensioner they befriended while playing a word game online.
Spencer Sleyon, who lives in Harlem, New York, finally met with Rosalind Guttman, 81, in Florida after the pair formed an unlikely bond while playing more than 300 matches on the Words with Friends app.
The app lets people play a Scrabble-like game with Facebook friends or other randomly-paired competitors.
Their friendship started last summer when Ms Guttman used the word “phat”, which is hip hop slang for “excellent”, in a game after the two were randomly matched.
Recalling the moment to the Washington Post, Mr Sleyon said: “I was like, yo, how do you know that word?
“From day one I knew I was playing an old white woman”.
On Friday Mr Sleyon, whose stage name is Half Empty, finally travelled to meet Ms Guttmen at their retirement home in West Palm Beach.
"O
era aquela coisa que não era sobre nada", lembra o escritor.
Se o mundo soubesse às quantas anda, hoje parava tudo. Parabéns, Miguel. E obrigado. Uma publicação partilhada por Bruno Nogueira (@corpodormente) a Jul 25, 2017 às 6:55 PDT
A última vez que Miguel Esteves Cardoso - um dos ícones da cultura popular portuguesa desde a década de 1980, pela sua escrita irreverente, pensamento anglo-saxónico-lusitano e crónicas sobre a importância do aparente nada - foi presença habitual na televisão nacional foi com o programa A Noite da Má Língua (1994-1997) em que discutia temas da actualidade com um painel que facilmente se exaltava, do qual fazia parte Luís Coimbra (posteriormente substituído por Rita Blanco), Manuel Serrão e Rui Zink. Os programas eram moderados por Júlia Pinheiro.
Esteves Cardoso volta então à televisão durante 13 semanas, todas as terças-feiras, na companhia de Bruno Nogueira. Entre os convidados estão os músicos Gisela João, Mário Laginha, Capicua e Ricardo Ribeiro, o humorista Nuno Markl, o jornalista Rodrigo Guedes de Carvalho, a apresentadora Júlia Pinheiro, o chef José Avillez (o último programa foi gravado no seu restaurante, os actores José Pedro Gomes, Rita Blanco, Ana Bola e Miguel Guilherme, anuncia o jornal Público.
Os programas foram to-dos gravados na casa de MEC, em Sintra: "É uma casa verdadeira, é a casa onde eu vivo, não vai lá ninguém, é uma casa a sério, aqueles livros são to-dos verdadeiros", garante o bibliófilo.
Miguel Esteves Cardoso escreve diariamente no Público e tem um programa de crónicas diárias sobre música, SOS Vinil, na Antena 1. Bruno Nogueira faz um programa diário em colaboração com João Quadros - parceiro de escrita há vários anos - intitulado Mata Bicho.
Fugiram de Casa de Seus Pais é o título do novo programa de conversa da RTP que vai juntar, semanalmente, o escritor Miguel Esteves Cardoso (MEC) e o humorista Bruno Nogueira com vários convidados. O programa começa a ser emitido a 5 de Dezembro.O programa é de conversas de circunstância e não de entrevistas, garante Nogueira ao jornal Público , onde MEC escreve uma crónica diária há vários anos. "Quando deixa de ser uma entrevista e passa a ser uma conversa, ouve-se a pessoa de maneira diferente", diz o humorista que trabalha há vários anos com João Quadros em diversos programas, da rádio e televisão.Sobre os conteúdos das conversas? "É só temas imortais", garante o autor de O Amor é Fodido, em tom irónico, já que garante que é um programa à Seinfeld.SeinfeldOs dois garantem que as conversas foram tidas sem intenção de abordar temas actuais ou sérios. Não que estes não sejam abordados, mas são simplesmente conversas de circunstância que podem ir do tema mais banal, ao tema mais sério - ao jeito das crónicas diárias de ambos.Sobre as gravações do programa, MEC explica: "Não nos conhecemos muito bem e vamos conversar os dois. E depois, se for uma merda, é uma merda" e alguma dessa "merda" terá de ir para o ar. "Sim, alguma da merda tem forçosamente de ir, não há assim tanta coisa tão boa", reforçou o escritor durante a entrevista."Uma das coisas que me fizeram seguir o humor foi um livro que me ofereceram que era As Minhas Aventuras na República Portuguesa [que reúne crónicas escritas por MEC]", explicou Bruno Nogueira que, há algumas semanas, no dia do aniversário de Miguel Esteves Cardoso, lhe fez uma sincera homenagem através das redes sociais.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – Pope Francis called for urgent action on reducing fossil fuel use, warning that global warming is a major challenge for humanity, in a draft environmental paper, obtained by L'Espresso magazine.
© AP Photo / Filippo Monteforte, pool Poles Worry Pope's Address on Environment Will Be 'Anti-Polish'
In an encyclical called “Laudato Si” (Be Praised), the final version of which is due to be released on June 18, the Pope referenced scientific studies that claim that humanity is facing a “alarming warming” of the climate.
The pope noted that the largest share of greenhouse gas emissions is produced as a result of human activity, warning that there is an urgent need to implement policies that would cut emissions and encourage the use of renewable energy sources.
The paper comes ahead of the crucial UN Climate Change Conference to be held in Paris in December. It is hoped that the event will conclude with the signing of a global agreement on climate change, replacing the 1997 Kyoto Protocol, which failed to introduce a legally binding and universal deal on environmental commitments for all nations of the world.
Finance Secretary blasts 'tragic, self-defeating' Westminster policies in address to SNP conference.
Staying in the Union would mean seven more years of spending cuts across Scottish services, John Swinney has warned.
The Finance Secretary slammed the policies of the unionist parties at both Westminster and Holyrood as they demanded UK Chancellor George Osborne end their "obsession with austerity".
And they turned on Scottish Labour leader Johann Lamont after they questioned the affordability of policies such as free university education and free prescriptions and called for an end to the "something for nothing culture".
Mr Swinney told the SNP annual conference in Perth that Ms Lamont should hang their head in shame for that "insult".
In their address, they attacked Scottish Labour and the UK Government as they argued it was only independence that would allow Scotland to flourish.
Mr Swinney criticised the current government at Westminster and its Labour predecessor as they said: "We know that between Labour and the Tories, the double dip recession has 'Made in London' stamped all over it.
"What we want for Scotland is the opportunity to create a recovery 'Made in Scotland' with the powers of an independent country to bring it about."
They said Scots had a "clear choice" in the 2014 independence referendum and insisted the SNP would win that "because we have a vision of a better Scotland".
Leaving the UK, Mr Swinney argued, would allow for "faster, sustainable economic growth with opportunities for all to flourish".
They said: "The current economic decision demonstrates why we must win. Right now, we face the unprecedented economic challenges of this recession without the powers that other countries have at their disposal."
They turned on Mr Osborne, saying the UK Government's policies would lead to "even more London cuts" in the years to come.
"The Chancellor's mistakes are laid bare for all to see," Mr Swinney said.
"The lack of a coherent economic plan. The front-loading of cuts when the recovery was most fragile. And crucially, the decision to shift the burden of cuts on to capital investment."
They added: "What makes the situation truly tragic is the Chancellor's actions are in themselves self-defeating.
"The lack of growth means that far from cutting the deficit, the UK Government's own prediction is of an extra £158bn of borrowing over the next five years just to pay the cost of economic failure.
"That will give rise to even more London cuts in 2015-16 and 2016-17. The status quo means seven consecutive years of cuts and counting."
Sonic the Comic continuity. This character exists primarily within thecontinuity. Information in this article may not be canonical to the storyline of the games or any other Sonic continuity.
Kintobor redirects here. For characters by that name in other continuities, see Robotnik (disambiguation)
Doctor Ovi Kintobor Doctor Ovi Kintobor from Sonic the Comic #69 . Art by Richard Elson Biographical overview Species Human Physical description Gender Male Attire White professor coat
White gloves
Glasses Alignment and character traits Alignment Good Powers and abilities Skills Genius-level intellect
Doctor Ovi Kintobor is a character that appears in the Sonic the Comic series published by Fleetway Editions. They once are a kind human scientist on Mobius who was transformed into the evil Dr. Ivo Robotnik during a laboratory accident. Before this, they were a good friend of Sonic the Hedgehog.
Contents show]
History
Before the Accident
Working from an underground laboratory, Kintobor attempted to rid planet Mobius of all evil by using a machine known as the Retro-Orbital Chaos Compressor to absorb all the negative energy on the planet. Searching for a suitable vessel for this energy, Kintobor happened upon the six Chaos Emeralds, which proved highly suited to the task[1] (unbeknownst to Kintobor, this was because they had been used in the past by the Drakon Empire to contain an experimental energy source they had created known as "chaos"[2]). Six emeralds was not enough, however: Kintobor required the seventh Grey Emerald to stabilize the process and safely purge Mobius of all evil.
While in the process of searching for the Grey Emerald, Kintobor crossed paths with Sonic the Hedgehog when the spiny young hero accidentally burrowed their way into Kintobor's lab. The two quickly became friends, and Sonic used their impressive speed to help Kintobor search Mobius for the seventh emerald. However, their search was ultimately fruitless,[1] as the Grey Emerald was at this time on the Floating Island in the possession of Knuckles the Echidna.[3]
Intrigued by their new friend's speed, Kintobor conducted some experiments by having Sonic run on their Kinetic Gyratoscope, helping the hedgehog to run even faster. When Kintobor invented the friction-less Power Sneakers, Sonic was able to run faster than the speed of sound. The resultant sonic boom shattered the Gyratoscope, fused Sonic's spines and turned them from brown to their more famous blue form.
One day later,[4] Sonic was hanging out in the lab and Kintobor went to fix them some food. Finding only a rotten egg in the fridge (apparently six months old), they went to find some salt only to trip on a cable and slam their hand against the ROCC's control panel. The ROCC which exploded, bathing Kintobor and the egg in chaos energy, transforming the kindly scientist into the megalomaniacal Ivo Robotnik.[1]
It was later revealed that Kintobor's accident had in fact been caused by a time-travelling Sonic, who both placed the rotten egg in the fridge and pulled up the cables causing Kintobor to trip into the machine. They did this in order to save the future from the Brotherhood of Metallix, who could only be stopped by Robotnik.[4]
After the accident, Sonic discovered that the explosion had somehow "burned" Kintobor's brainwaves onto one of Golden Rings from which the ROCC had been built. This ring was later used to construct the Kintobor Computer, which became an important part of the Freedom Fighters' resistance against Robotnik's rule.[5]
Reappearances
Kintobor reappeared twice during the series.
The first time, Kintobor appeared in an alternate timeline, in which the ROCC accident had never occurred and Mobius had been conquered by the Brotherhood of Metallix; the Metallixes of this timeline had been created solely by Grimer Wormtongue, who had failed to take proper precautions to stop the Brotherhood turning against him. In this timeline, Kintobor was the leader of an underground rebellion on Planet Metallix against the Metallixes, and they had a helper named Rob.[6] They vanished after Sonic travelled back in time in order to initiate the accident that created Robotnik, allowing the despot to help defeat the Brotherhood by triggering their self-destruct program.[4]
Kintobor appeared again after Robotnik had been transported to the sub-atomic world of Shanazar.[7] Their energy had been drained, apparently reversing the effects of the original accident. They became the Grand Vizier of Princess Kupacious, and started using their scientific talents to implement many improvements to their kingdom.[8] Unfortunately, they discovered that their reversion to Kintobor was only temporary. Although they developed an elixir in an attempt to stave off the transformation into Robotnik,[9] it eventually proved ineffective and they became Robotnik again.[10]
Early Sonic canon
Doctor Kintobor was created by Sega of America for their version of the Sonic backstory, and was included in the Sonic the Hedgehog promotional comic from 1991. In this comic, Kintobor's hair is white, and they appear to be loosely modelled on Albert Einstein. They also wear a brown blazer instead of a lab coat.
Following this, the Kintobor backstory was largely ignored by American media, but was used as the basis for the British Stay Sonic guidebook, and from there it made its way into the pages of Sonic the Comic and the Virgin Publishing novels by Martin Adams.
Sonic the Comic differed by having Kintobor trip and hit the ROCC. In the books, the cause of the malfunction was not made explicit, but indicated to be the result of Kintobor mis-keying a command into the machine while they were distracted by the egg in their hand; the promotional comic depicts Kintobor spilling soda on the machine before it explodes. In Stay Sonic, it is also explained that Kintobor looked for the Chaos Emeralds with a device called the Cogwinder Retractable Partulent Corer.
Trivia
Kintobor's first name, Ovi, in addition to being Ivo spelt backwards, is similar to ōvī , the genitive singular form of the Latin word ōvum , meaning egg .
, the genitive singular form of the Latin word , meaning . Precisely how the human Kintobor arrived on the human-free Mobius was not explained in either Sega's backstory, Stay Sonic or Sonic the Comic . The novel Sonic the Hedgehog in the Fourth Dimension would later identify them as being on a one-man interplanetary exploratory mission, while the "unofficially official" continuation of STC , Sonic the Comic - Online , offered the vague explanation that they had somehow been teleported to the planet (be it by parties unknown or a natural phenomenon) while simply walking to the shops one day. Sonic the Comic - Online also explained that their lab was an abandoned Drakon Empire outpost, and that the Chaos Emeralds were already within it when they found it.
or . The novel would later identify them as being on a one-man interplanetary exploratory mission, while the "unofficially official" continuation of , , offered the vague explanation that they had somehow been teleported to the planet (be it by parties unknown or a natural phenomenon) while simply walking to the shops one day. also explained that their lab was an abandoned Drakon Empire outpost, and that the Chaos Emeralds were already within it when they found it. The first robot that Kintobor built on Mobius was Kog.[11]
See also
For the American musician, see Hobart Smith
Hobart Muir Smith, born Frederick William Stouffer (September 26, 1912 – March 4, 2013),[1] was an American herpetologist.  They are credited with describing more than 100 new species of American reptiles[2] and amphibians. In addition, they have been honored by having at least six species named after him, including the southwestern blackhead snake (Tantilla hobartsmithi ), Smith's earth snake (Uropeltis grandis ), Smith's arboreal alligator lizard (Abronia smithi ), Hobart's anadia (Anadia hobarti ), Hobart Smith's anole (Anolis hobartsmithi ), and Smith's rose-bellied lizard (Sceloporus smithi ).[3] At 100 years of age, Smith continued to be an active and productive herpetologist.[4] Having published more than 1,600 manuscripts, they surpassed all contemporaries and remains the most published herpetologist of all time.[5][6]
Early life and education [ edit ]
Smith was born in Stanwood, Iowa on September 26, 1912. Smith attained their bachelor of science in 1932 from Kansas State University, under Howard K. Gloyd, and attained their masters (in 1933) and doctorate (in 1936) at the University of Kansas under Dr. Edward Harrison Taylor, where their thesis was a revision of the lizard genus Sceloporus. They also participated in several specimen collecting trips to Mexico.
Career [ edit ]
In 1936 Smith was awarded a National Research Council Fellowship at the University of Michigan, where they worked with several other researchers to write and publish The Mexican and Central American Lizards of the Genus Sceloporus. In 1937 they worked for both the Chicago Academy of Sciences and the Field Museum of Natural History. They were given a fellowship by the Smithsonian Institution to collect specimens in Mexico, and collected over 20,000. From 1941 until 1945 they were a zoology professor at the University of Rochester, in New York. In 1945 they returned to the University of Kansas as an associate professor and wrote the Handbook of Lizards, Lizards of the US and of Canada. In 1946 they moved to Texas and became an associate professor of wildlife management at Texas A&M University and wrote Checklist and key to snakes of Mexico and Checklist and key to amphibians of Mexico with Taylor. From 1947 until 1968 they were a professor of zoology at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. They retired in 1968 and moved to Boulder, Colorado, where they became a professor of biology at the University of Colorado. In 1972 they became chairperson of, what is now, the Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology. In 1983 they retired, becoming a professor emeritus and continued their personal research with over 1,600 publications, including 29 books.
Personal life [ edit ]
Born Frederick William Stouffer in 1912, they were adopted in 1916 by Charles and Frances Smith, farmers. In 1938 they married Rozella Pearl Beverly Blood (who became Rozella Pearl Beverly Blood Smith, 1911–1987), who helped them publish their extensive collection of herpetological notes. In 1942 they named a species of lizard in honor of her, Diploglossus rozellae.[7]
Selected bibliography [ edit ]
Checklist and key to snakes of Mexico (1945)
(1945) Handbook of Lizards, Lizards of the US and of Canada (1946, [8] 1995 pbk.)
(1946, 1995 pbk.) Checklist and key to amphibians of Mexico (1948)
(1948) Handbook of Amphibians and Reptiles of Kansas (1950) [9]
(1950) Checklist and Key to Reptiles of Mexico Exclusive of Snakes (1950)
(1950) Reptiles and Amphibians: A Guide to Familiar American Species with Herbert S. Zim (1953, 1956)
with Herbert S. Zim (1953, 1956) Reptiles and Amphibians - A Guide to Familiar American Species (1958)
(1958) Poisonous Amphibians and Reptiles (1959)
(1959) Evolution of Chordate Structure (1961)
(1961) Snakes as Pets (1965)
(1965) Analysis of the Literature on the Mexican Axolotl (1971)
(1971) Analysis of the Literature Exclusive of the Mexican Axolotl (1973)
(1973) Source Analysis and Index for Mexican Reptiles (1976)
(1976) Source Analysis and Index for Mexican Amphibians (1976)
(1976) Guide to Mexican Amphisbaenians and Crocodilians (1977)
(1977) Guide to Mexican Turtles (1980)
(1980) Reptiles of North America - A Guide to Field Identification with Edmund D. Brodie, Jr. (1982)
Ever since the Matthews-Nylander-Hyman line was broken up, I've been seeing the same routine on Twitter before every Leafs game. It goes something like this:
Followed by stuff like this:
time to get @wmnylander off that 4th line. They need more ice and better players to play with. IMO — BobbyRenaud ?? (@BobbyRenaud28) December 7, 2016
and this:
I initially thought Nylander was just on the 4th line b/c they were recovering from an injury, but this is getting ridiculous. — Draglikepull (@draglikepull) December 7, 2016
Don't get me wrong, I totally agree with these sentiments. Nylander should be getting top ice time right now, and with much better linemates than Matt Martin and Ben Smith. It's hard to see these lines before every game and not be angry about Babcock sticking Nylander with scrubs after playing so well with Matthews.
But if we actually look at the ice time, you can see that maybe this anger is a bit misplaced. While Nylander is skating with Martin and Smith in most practices and pre-games, it's a different story during the actual games. For example, in the December 7th game against the Wild, Nylander only played 20.59% of the game with Martin and Smith (data from Left Wing Lock).
If we look into the Leafs ice time using the excellent graphs provided by HockeyViz, we can see that despite the shifting of the lines after their injury, Nylander's ice time (light pink line) has actually remained pretty constant. Even though they may be practicing and starting the game on a line with Smith and Martin, he's still getting 16-17 minutes of ice time per night, which is great.
This chart actually shows some very promising trends for the Leafs forwards. While Ben Smith's ice time should ideally be zero, both them and Matt Martin have received less and less time as the season has progressed. Meanwhile, the rest of the Leafs lines are getting a very even distribution of ice time – there are eight guys all hovering between 16-18 minutes per night lately, and Connor Brown sitting just below 15. While they may not be making the most of their 4th line, Babcock is doing a great job of spreading out the minutes among their top 9 forwards and getting all of their talented rookies some quality ice time.
The graph below demonstrates how top-heavy teams like Chicago pile the minutes on their top guys, while leaving the scraps for the bottom of their roster. Babcock's approach suggests that he's much more keen on distributing ice time and rolling multiple quality lines. We'll see how this method works as the seasons plays out and the roster changes, but my bets are on this style working out for the Leafs in the long run.
In summary, it may be disgruntling to see Nylander's name show up on the 4th line every game day, but don't let it bother you too much. He's still getting plenty of ice time, and most of it is with good linemates. He's a fantastic hockey player and the Leafs are well aware of it – he'll get the chances they deserve.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
A growing number of people renting in the private sector in London are seeing the cost of their home eating up more than half of their earnings, Labour warned today.
Official figures show that average weekly rents are more than 50 per cent of average local wages in 17 boroughs across London, from Kensington and Chelsea to Haringey, Merton and Barnet.
“This is more evidence of just how desperate London's housing crisis has become,” said shadow London minister Sadiq Khan. “Housing is by far the biggest contributor to the cost of living crisis in London.”
The figures compiled by the Commons Library compared average weekly rents in each borough to the average local weekly earnings.
In Kensington and Chelsea, average weekly rents were a staggering 73 per cent of local wages, £605 out of £826, 71 per cent in Westminster, £524 out of £737, and 51 per cent across the capital — £338 out of £658 — which is believed to be the first time it has gone over the half-way mark.
The analysis also showed that it is not just affluent parts of London where rents account for such a huge chunk of people's incomes. In Barnet, Brent, Hounslow, Hackney and Wandsworth it was 55 per cent, in Haringey, Southwark and Lambeth it was 53 per cent, while in Ealing, Islington and Tower Hamlets 56 per cent. For Hammersmith and Fulham, the figure was 59 per cent, Camden 64 per cent and Merton and Richmond 54 per cent.
The figures, published in December, were for rents for the 12 months to the end of September 2013 and for full-time local earnings as of April last year. They do not include renters of social housing but they do include the incomes of people with mortgages.
They were published just days after London Labour MPs Heidi Alexander, Meg Hillier and Diane Abbott warned that property prices were now so high in the capital that they could not afford to buy a family house, or in some cases a flat, in their constituencies.
But Housing Minister Kris Hopkins disputed Labour's claims.
They insisted: “Latest figures show rents are actually falling in real terms, both in London and across the country.
“But this Government wants a bigger and better rental market. That's why we've introduced the £1 billion Build to Rent fund, which has already identified forty five potential schemes, alongside £10 billion of Government-backed guarantees to encourage more institutional investment in the sector.”
Prepping can be intimidating to those who are unfamiliar with it. When considering your commitment to prepping and survival, you should consider the fact that you have a genuine and rational threat to prepare for. From a simple power blackout to a full-on catastrophe, most people accept disaster can strike at any time, anywhere.
Many people feel will like an oddball or a weirdo when talking about prepping or survival topics. At its base, survival is a genetic response, when triggered by a threat, to protect yourself and your family. So, it is no surprise that the majority of the survival community is made up of families. It is human nature to survive. So there is no need for anyone to feel weird or odd. Even FEMA advises that, at a minimum, all American households should have a three-day supply of food and water and a backup plan.
So let's get to the basics.
Also read: How To Know Before It Hits And Steps To Consider 2 Hours Before SHTF
Reasons to Prepare
The question you should ask yourself is what is logical and the most likely scenario for your area. Tornadoes, flooding, riots or heavy snowfall/storms? Or, are you more concerned with global catastrophes such as solar storms, meteors or war? Answering this question will help in targeting your specific needs.
Hunkering In or Bugging Out
Evaluate your threats and make a determination; do they require you to bug-out from your current location? In most situations, when you are located in a heavily populated or metropolitan area, a bug-out is necessary. Let's be honest, when the status quo turns to shit, most people do not play well with others.
In rural areas, it is likely you will want to hunker down. However, you have to evaluate your situation. If you are located below sea level in a rural area, and a hurricane, massive storm, tsunami, etc is imminent, you will need to bug out to a higher elevation. Common sense and deductive reasoning are your tools when making determinations about your location.
Hunkering down in a shelter requires food and water stockpiling. You can start with a basic list of staples to add to your supplies:
Beef/Turkey Jerky , Rice, Dried Potatoes, Dried Milk , Bottled Water, Lima Beans, Ramen Noodles, Rolled Oats, Protein Powder and Dried Fruits /Vegetables
When a bug-out is required will you need a bug-out-bag (or BOB for short) for each one of your family members? Your BOB should have at least 3 days of food and water as well as an IFAK (Individual First Aid Kit) and other items deemed necessary in your scenario/area.
How Much Food Do You Need?
First, you will need to determine, based on the most likely scenario, how long you and your family will have to go without a grocery store. In past disasters, grocery stores' shelves emptied in as little as 24 hours (mass hysteria is also human nature). When making your assessment, understand that approximately 1,500 calories a day are required by the average person to stay healthy. And depending on the situation, you may expend 5,000 calories or more per day. Multiplying the number of people in your group by 2,000 calories, times the number of days expected to be without grocery stores will provide you and your family enough calories to remain healthy.
You should also invest in equipment that provides sustainable food sources such as hunting , fishing , and farming in case order is not restored or one of the more devastating scenarios played out.
For the human body to function properly, you must replenish its water supply. The Institute of Medicine determined that an adequate intake for men is roughly 3 liters (about 13 cups) of total non-caffeinated beverages a day. For women, it's 2.2 liters (about 9 cups) total non-caffeinated beverages a day. Remember, caffeine is a diuretic, meaning it forces water out of your body through urination. So the formula for stockpiling water should be 3 liters times number of men times days without a water source. And, 2.2 liters times number of women times days without a water source.
You should have a backup supply of water for cooking and cleaning if you are hunkering down.
If you haven't heard of Claude Davis yet do yourself a huge favor and WATCH THIS VIDEO. He's going to be the talk of 2017. One of the smartest guys I ever had the pleasure of meeting, Claude set-up a UNIQUE SYSTEM that changed their lives forever. I already tried it myself and let me tell… you was completely blown away… Their surprising tactics could make your life easier and give you the peace of mind you deserve. Don't just take my word for it… WATCH Their SHORT VIDEO and decide for yourself.
Self Defense
There will always be evil in the world, and if your scenario includes losing your local police force, things can go bad quickly. Think of all the TV news scenes of cities turning into war zones, looters smashing and grabbing anything and everything. So what can you do to defend yourself and your family? Purchase a firearm. Take safety and shooting classes and involve your whole family.
Determine the force required for local threats. Do you live just outside of a major city? Or near a prison or county jail? If those walls come down there will be bad guys running amuck and I can guarantee they will try to take what you have before providing for themselves (that's why they were in there). In this case, you will need a weapon with a large capacity. Revolvers have only 6 shots and typical semi-auto handguns hold 10 to 15 rounds. In a scenario where you have hordes of bad guys, or even medium sized groups of malcontents, the time it takes to reload your weapon could be all the time they need to disarm you.
AR 15 and AK 47 type rifles are reliable, have 30 round magazines and are easy to shoot and maintain but require accuracy. Shotguns hold 5 to 8 rounds, aren't as easy to shoot (especially for smaller/weaker individuals) but are effective self-defense weapons, don't require as much accuracy and are able to clear groups of marauders with more of a point and shoot type action.
If you live in, or bug-out to, a rural area with little threat of hordes of baddies, then a simple handgun will do. Choose one the whole family can handle and also uses popular ammo sizes. 9 mm and .22 cal being two of the most common.
Basic Hygiene and First Aid
It's very possible you won't have a hospital or doctor or dentist to go to so don't forget hygiene in your repertoire. When building your stores, don't forget the toilet paper (baby wipes are great for this), toothpaste, soap, cleaners, etc.
Enroll yourself and your family in basic first aid courses, CPR classes and any specialized course you may need such as infant/elderly first aid.
First Aid Kits and Supplies should be a part of your BOB, home stash, and vehicle. There should be an IFAK for every member of the household. As well as a larger, more comprehensive first aid kit to cover a wider variety of injuries.
Power Failures
Power goes out all the time. In some areas, like the area in which my mother lives, if a snowflake contemplates even thinking about the possibility of maybe falling out of the sky, the power goes down for 3 days.
Your lights, entertainment and most importantly, your fridge rely on that power. An instant loss of all these essentials can be a real morale killer. Prepare for this situation by stocking up on batteries , fuel, alternative energies such as solar cells , gas generators , wind turbines , etc. Determine your needs and assess the time you will be required to live without town supplied utilities. When you make your determination, add a few more days to be on the safe side.
Quick life hacks: There's a new way to bring nearly any type of old battery back to life…brand new. This method works with nearly every type of battery out there …and it's simple and quick. In case you're wondering, you'll be able to bring car, phone, and laptop batteries back to life with this. It even works with solar/off-grid, marine, golf cart, and forklift batteries. Plus, many more! >> Click here to learn how to bring your dead batteries back to life again << With this recondition battery secret, you won't have to buy new expensive batteries anymore. You can just recondition your old, used batteries and save a lot of money! And this new video presentation shows you how:
Funding for Supplies
Prepping can and will get costly. If you can't afford to go out and get all the supplies you need at once, a clever way to stockpile food is during every grocery store trip, grab one item (a large bag of rice, a bag of dried beans, Ramen noodles, etc). If you do this, which effectively adds only a couple dollars to your overall budget, you will be surprised how quickly your stockpiles up. And, of course, if you live in a rural area you can grow and can/dehydrate your own veg.
For the bigger items like vehicles, generators, tents, a lot of people are into trading. Example: You have two lawn mowers. Your neighbor has a generator they don't need but needs a mower. Win win. There are also websites dedicated to this practice. Google “online bartering” and you'll find what you need.
Other Survival Solutions:
Lost Ways (Special Discount) (Learn the special recipe for a SUPER FOOD that will last for years without any special storing conditions!)
Surviving the Final Bubble – Free Shipping (Limited Time Special) (A blueprint to surviving and thriving during the coming Big Bank Derivatives collapse. )
Survive The End Days (The final prophecy for America is about to unfold… )
Alive After The Fall (According to 4 major biblical prophets something truly terrifying is coming our way, and it will hit homeland before the 1st of January 2017...)
World War: Water (The only proven-to-work guide on how to survive America's tough 100-years long drought)
Description: Scene: Early October, in a room on the Fifth Floor of Trump Tower...
Nate Silver puts Clinton at a 73% chance of victory.
They are outspending us on TV by 4 to 1.
In Florida, they have spent $46 million.
 They are winning in North Carolina.
And gaining ground in New Mexico and Florida.
The Assange leak will destroy them
Drudge will lead with it.
Mr. Trump...
Assange...
Assange's announcement was a PR stunt.
They were just trying to sell books.
The following people will stay here: Fitzpatrick, Bossie, Scavino, and Bannon.
Stone said it was an October surprise!
They put it all over Twitter!
Why am I sucking up to Putin if their pet hackers can't deliver!
So this is what it has come to.
Hannity, Breitbart, Lewandowski--they've all been lying to me! Even Giuliani!
Our alt-right trolls are just a bunch of anonymous morons.
The same stupid Pepe meme over and over!
They are cowards and losers!
I can't permit you to insult the 8chan subscribers.
Our Internet trolls are the scum of America!
Mr. Trump, this is outrageous!
They call themselves trolls?
Years of studying photoshop, eating Hot Pockets in basements.
Just to make a stupid picture of a frog.
Nobody even knows what the frog means anymore!
How do I win Florida with pictures of fucking frogs?
You told me my crowds were huge
You told me we didn't need to spend money on tv ads.
Of course we need television ads to win a national election!
What I should have done is keep Manafort on the payroll, like Yanukovych.
I never served in the Senate.
Yet I won 35 states all by myself.
Yet I won 35 states all by myself.
Traitors.
I've been deceived and betrayed from the very beginning!
What a monstrous betrayal of "The Apprentice" fans.
But those traitors will pay.
You think I'm going to pay my campaign bills?
They will drown in small-claims lawsuits!
Gerta, it's okay. We were paid in advance.
My orders have fallen on deaf ears.
Under these circumstances, I am no longer able to win...
It's over.
The campaign is lost.
But gentlemen, if you believe I am going to start shaking hands in diners,
you are seriously mistaken. I'd rather blow my brains out.
Do whatever you like.
Booo ! Remember the last episodes of the Rhythm & Flow series ? Some seriously grooving Funk & Hip-Hop mash-ups gathered in two highly explosive blends who could move grand-ma on a dance floor. Well, I'm very pleased to welcome today one of the talented producer responsible of some of those tasty edits. In fact it's not one but two as Steely Chan is composed by two brothers, Matt & Trevor.
As you can hear on their Soundcloud, the Toronto based duo made a specialty to blend the hardest funk rhythms with the golden era Hip-Hop vocals. I strongly recommend you to check the two wicked sets Rawkus Lee (A tribute to Rawkus Records and Shawn Lee) and Mos World (A tribute to Mos Def, Lee Fields & the Expressions) which prove that they're totally right. That's really heavy !
They made us today an exclusive mix that Matt introduces like this : “This mix tape is composed of some of our favourite Hip-Hop album cuts, B-sides to singles, and remixes that have been released during the 90's. One mistake that we made was adding the Shadowboxin‘ by GZA since this was actually an A-side track for that single. However it's still a great song so enjoy !”.
Given the quality of the result, your mistake is totally forgiven guys !!
Album Cuts, B-Sides and Remixes : A Steely Chan Mixtape
Jigmastas – Dead Man's Walk
Mad Skillz – Skillz In '95
The Roots – Silent Treatment (Da Beatminerz remix)
Channel Live – Mad Izm (Buckwild 95 Remix)
Das EFX – Microphone Master (Dome Cracker remix)
Artifacts – Whassup Now Muthaf-ka
Gang Starr – Gotta Get Over (remix)
Blahzay Blahzay – Danger (Premier remix)
Special Ed – Freaky Flow (Premier remix)
Casual – That's How It Is (remix)
Del Tha Funkee Homosapien – Undisputed Champs (feat. Q-Tip & Pep Love)
Masta Ace – The I.N.C. Ride (The Phat Kat Ride remix)
Dj Honda – Straight Talk From N.Y. (feat. Grand Puba, Sadat X & Wakeem)
GZA – Shadowboxin' (feat. Method Man)
Real Live – Crime is Money
De La Soul (feat. Mos Def & Truth Enola) – Stakes Is High (J-Dilla remix)
Bushbabees – The Love Song (45 King remix)
Pete Rock & CL Smooth – If It Ain't Rough, It Ain't Right
the Beatnuts – Hellraiser
Showbiz & A.G. – Represent (feat. Big L, DeShawn & Lord Finesse)
Brand Nubian (feat. Diamond D) – Punks Jump Up To Get Beat Down (remix)
Cypress Hill – Latin Lingo (Prince Paul Mix)
Lord Finesse – Yes You May (feat. A.G. & Percee P)
MC Serch (feat. Chubb Rock, Nas & Red Hot Lover Tone) – Back To The Grill (remix)
By TTT Subscriber Bob Pearce
“To win the title will require one of the outstanding managerial performances of all time. Or the owners are going to have to throw the bank at it and give them the money to entice top-class players to Merseyside. Will they be able to sign a Lewandowski, Gotze or Gundogan, who has already been linked with Liverpool? Will they join Liverpool or Barcelona, Arsenal, Chelsea, Real Madrid? To win a league Klopp will need to attract that level of player”. Gary Neville
To have success you need to attract ‘big names'.
To attract ‘big names' you need big money.
To attract ‘big names' you need to keep your ‘big names'.
To attract ‘big names' you need to be offering regular Champions League football.
To attract ‘big names' in England you need to be a London or Manchester-based club.
Everybody knows that in modern football these are the laws of gravity. They lead to an upward spiral of success breeding more success.
The bad news is that in 2015 Liverpool fail on all five laws. This puts them into a downward spiral of disappointment breeding further disappointment. For Liverpool to succeed they would have to defy the laws of football gravity.
After the euphoria and elation of Klopp's arrival that should bring you back down to earth.
The good news is that Klopp is not one to allow the laws of gravity to hold them down. They have already demonstrated that they are capable of defying these so-called laws.
Klopp's fifth season with Borussia Dortmund began with them selling Kagawa (one of their ‘big names') to Manchester United, and it culminated in the Champions League final at Wembley. They went into that final without the injured Götze (another of their ‘big names'), but still nine of the starting XI that evening had been signed by Klopp. It was the team they had built over their first five seasons.
Of those nine players Klopp only paid for six, with an average fee of £4.37m (which was inflated by the relatively ‘astronomical' £11.97m paid for Reus). The other two that made up the starting XI had joined Dortmund pre-Klopp. One was a free transfer and the other an undisclosed fee. So Klopp put out a Champions League final starting XI in 2013 that cost a total of £26.26m. A mere £2.38m per player.
Those nine Klopp signings in the starting XI had an average age of 20.8 on the day that they joined Dortmund (the two pre-Klopp signings had both been 22). Yes, of course you recognise their names now. Yes, we can all estimate the total value of that XI today. But would you have known a single one of the names that Klopp brought to Dortmund on the day they joined? Would you have been impressed by the fees being spent by Klopp?
Would you have expected these young, cheap, unknown players to comfortably top a Champions League group that also contained Real Madrid and Manchester City? With their big money, ‘big names' and regular Champions League football, they are two of the best examples used to prove the laws of football gravity. Would you have expected Dortmund to prove it was not just down to luck by then meeting and beating Real Madrid again at the semi-final stage?
It is also worth noting that seven of the nine Klopp signings joined Dortmund in the three seasons when they did not offer Champions League football. Klopp's starting XI at Wembley had largely been assembled before they had qualified. Only Gundogan (£3.85m) and Reus (£11.97m) joined when Champions League qualification had been achieved.
If you had to sum up Klopp's transfer activity in their seven seasons at Dortmund it would be a) they developed their own ‘big names', b) they bought young, c) they bought cheap, d) they promoted youth from within. That starting XI was made of players from all three Klopp sources. The Bought, The Free, and The Promoted.
The Bought
Putting aside their first season when they were working with an inherited squad, Klopp only twice spent money on a player over 25 (spending £6.79m and £700k).
The average fee paid per player went from £1.8m in their first season to a ‘hefty' £7.6m in their seventh. While Klopp's spending did increase season by season, from a total spend of £3.65m in 2010/11 to £45.64 in 2014/15, in simple surplus and loss terms they went from small losses (of no more than £3.28) in their first three seasons to surpluses in seasons five and six (of £3.74m and £5.14m). So, while the actual spend increased rapidly in seasons five to seven, Dortmund still showed a surplus in the transfer market in seasons five and six.
The Free
In Klopp's first three seasons they drew on free transfers with ages averaging 22.5, 22 and 24. Of those nine free signings Grosskreutz (signed at 20) and Piszczek (signed at 25) made the Champions League final starting XI.
The stand-out name in the group of free signings is Kagawa, signed at 21. After two seasons they were sold to Manchester United for £11.2m, to then re-join two seasons later aged 25 and bringing a £5.6m profit with him.
This was one of only two occasions when Klopp spent money on a player from the Premier League. The other was the 31 year old Lee from Tottenham for just £350k in their first season.
The Promoted
Over their seven seasons at Dortmund, Klopp averaged three players a season promoted from Dortmund reserves and youth teams, with ages ranging from 17 to 22. For recent cases it is too early to judge if they are successes. 14 didn't make it and moved on. Three went on to play for the German national team.
The stand out name here is Götze, who was promoted at 18 in Klopp's third season, sold to Bayern Munich at 21 for £25.9m, ending that season scoring the goal that won the World Cup.
Every season a future ‘big name' that you'd never have heard of was added to the squad.
2008/09 Subotic for £3.14m and Schmelzer promoted from within.
2009/10 Hummels for £2.94m and Grosskreutz for free.
2010/11 Lewandowski for £3.33m, Kagawa and Piszczek for free, with Götze promoted from within.
2011/12 Gundogan for £3.85m
2012/13 Reus for £11.97m
2013/14 Aubameyang for £9.10m and Mkhitaryan for £19.25m, with Durm promoted from within.
I have not mentioned loans because Klopp only took two players on loan – both in their first season. Players were loaned out every season. In the first two seasons of an inherited squad the average age was 25.75 – a mixture of old and young. Thereafter the average age of players going out on loan was 21. Not one returned to establish a place in the Dortmund squad.
In seasons one to four the average age of players that were sold for a fee ranged from 28 to 26.3. Klopp was selling both old and young players. In seasons five to seven the average age ranged from 21.8 to 24.3. This may simply be due to having fewer ‘old' players in the squad, which is supported by the difference seen between the average age of players signed and sold each season. Klopp was always replacing ‘old' with young, with a dramatic push in the two seasons they won the Bundesliga and the double. Going from a difference of 3.3 years in average age bought and sold in season one, to a difference of 7.3 years in the average age bought and sold in season four.
While the sums received from sales varied through the years, the transfer balance in seasons one to six ranged from a maximum of £3.28m spent to a surplus in the three seasons of titles, cups and finals up to a maximum of £5.14m
In each of seasons four to seven Klopp ‘lost' one of the ‘big names' they had developed. In three of those seasons the money was reinvested and the books balanced. It was only Lewandowski who did not bring in a fee that Klopp could re-invest, hence the dramatic change seen in the balance sheet to a £42.94m ‘loss'.
Sahin is a player that sits in a unique place on the Venn diagram of Klopp's transfer activity. They returned from loan aged 19 for their first season in 2008/09. At 22 they were sold to Real Madrid for £7m, to then eventually return on loan to be a late substitute in the 2013 Champions League final, before re-joining Dortmund permanently, aged 25, bringing a £2.1m profit with him.
New expectations
After seven seasons it seems unlikely that Klopp will have a drastic change of approach. So we should expect more of the same. This means we fan will need to make some ‘big big' changes in our expectations and judgements.
1) Don't expect ‘big name' signings.
2) Don't expect Klopp to buy Premier League players. Outside the Premier League market, just down the road, prices are different. Why buy ‘Heinz' baked beans for 75p when you can buy ‘Campo Largo' baked beans for 25p? They can do the same job. They are both happy to sit on a slice of toast.
“For me attitude was always more important than talent”. Jurgen Klopp
3) Don't expect Klopp to return to Dortmund to pay big money for the ‘big names' they grew there. Only once did they return to FSV Mainz, their previous club, for a player. This was their first season when they paid £3.15m for the 19 year old Subotic. He'll grow a new crop.
“I don't care if we can't sign certain players who are so expensive. They play football all over the world but only here is money so important. Always it's ‘money, money, money' – but you don't have to spend all the money.” Jurgen Klopp
So much for those laws of gravity.
Klopp has demonstrated that to have success you don't need to attract ‘big names'.
You don't need big money.
You don't need to keep your ‘big names'.
You don't need to be offering regular Champions League football.
You don't need to be a London or Manchester-based club.
Klopp and their Liverpool ‘project' are the attraction. For young unknown players around the world this is their great opportunity of success.
“For me it's enough that I have the first and last word, and in the middle we can discuss everything. It won't take a long time because we only want to discuss very good players. I'm not a genius, I don't know more than the rest of the world, I need other people to get me perfect information and when we get this we will sign a player or sell a player”. Jurgen Klopp
1) Expect cheap, young ‘unknowns' and promotions from within.
2) Expect to say ‘Who?' and ‘From where?'
3) Expect to see ‘names' become ‘big' before your eyes.
4) Expect to say ‘We did well to find him'.
5) Expect some of these ‘big names' to be sold.*
6) Expect their replacements to be perceived on the day of their arrival as a ‘downgrade' (by those still held back by their belief in the rules of football gravity).
“Fenway Sports Group will have to put their hand in their pocket more than they already have. Or Klopp will need to be an incredibly shrewd recruiter to outgun the wealth of Chelsea, City, United and Arsenal”. Gary Neville
So what was it that attracted this gravity ‘defyer' to Anfield? We know it couldn't have been the wealth, the squad of ‘big names', the regular Champions League football, or being based in London or Manchester.
Klopp had only visited Liverpool once before – for a pre-season friendly.
“I'm not a dreamer but I'm a romantic. I love the stories and Anfield is one of the best places in the football world. It was my first time and I thought about how it would be. Now I'm here. I'm a lucky guy. It's the biggest honour to be at one of the biggest clubs in this world and the opportunity to try to help the situation. I feel really proud. I'm looking forward to the intensity of football and how the people live football in Liverpool. It's a special club”. Jürgen Klopp
It was the magnetic pull of Anfield. It was the attraction of Liverpool. It was the overpowering gravity of the fans that they found they could not resist.
Jürgen wants the kind of things that money just can't buy.
* What would Klopp have done with the £75m from Suarez, £50m from Torres, and £49m from Sterling?
All information from http://www.transfermarkt.co.uk/
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - California legislative leaders on Monday demanded detailed information from the Trump administration on immigration arrests and raids in the most populous U.S. state, amid growing concern that agents are targeting non-criminals for deportation.
FILE PHOTO - U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers detain a suspect as they conduct a targeted enforcement operation in Los Angeles, California, U.S. on February 7, 2017. Courtesy Charles Reed/U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement via REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY. EDITORIAL USE ONLY.
Citing reports that agents for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or ICE, had gone to churches, schools and courthouses to find and arrest illegal immigrants, the legislature used the federal Freedom of Information Act to request all records of enforcement actions taken or planned since Republican Donald Trump was sworn in as president on Jan. 20.
“Despite saying he'd only target dangerous criminals, President Trump's executive orders target practically every undocumented person in California,” said Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de León, who signed the request along with Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon.
ICE did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
California is home to nearly 3 million illegal immigrants among a total non-citizen population of 5.4 million, according to the legislature and the Public Policy Institute of California, making the state a crucible for Trump's new get-tough immigration policies.
Trump recently broadened the categories of people who could be targeted for immigration enforcement to anyone who had been charged with a crime, removing an Obama-era exception for people convicted of traffic misdemeanors.
They have also proposed faster deportation for illegal immigrants who cannot show they have been in the country for more than two years.
But Trump has also said agents are targeting dangerous criminals, not ordinary people, and that they will not take action against those protected by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, which protects young people brought to the United States as children.
Earlier this month, immigration officers nationwide arrested more than 680 people in the country illegally in a broad enforcement action that alarmed many immigrant groups.
U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said on Feb. 13 that the operations, conducted in at least a dozen states, were routine.
But immigrant rights advocates said the operations were more sweeping than those conducted during the administration of former Democratic President Barack Obama.
Protests erupted in several states over the raids and other arrests. Among those arrested were an Arizona mother who was detained when they went in for a meeting with ICE, and a 23-year-old man detained near Seattle who held a work permit under DACA but who agents said had gang affiliations.
In their letter, de Leon and Rendon said that 74 percent of California's non-citizens live in households with citizens, meaning mass deportations could separate spouses from each other, or children from their parents.
“All of these parents and children are potentially at risk of separation at the hands of ICE,” the lawmakers wrote.
After well over half a decade of backroom meetings facilitated by the UK Government, search engines and major rightsholder groups have signed an anti-piracy agreement. Both sides agreed on a deal in which search engines will delist and demote pirated content, faster and more effectively than before. The voluntary agreement, targeted at UK consumers, is the first of its kind in the world but appears to offer little new.
Following a Digital Economy Bill committee two weeks ago, we first learned that copyright holders and search engines were close to finalizing a voluntary anti-piracy code.
Following roundtable discussions chaired by the UK's Intellectual Property Office, the parties worked hard to reach a deal that everyone could live with.
These kinds of discussions are not new. Similar talks have been ongoing for more than half a decade, but without success. However, this time the Government turned up the pressure to the maximum, threatening to force search engines into cooperation by law if consensus could not be reached.
This approach appears to have reached its goals, with the world's first anti-piracy agreement between search engines and rightsholders being officially announced today. The deal is a partnership between Google, Microsoft's Bing, and several organizations in the creative industry.
Under this new anti-piracy code, search engines will further optimize their algorithms and processes to demote pirated content in their search results. The aim is to make infringing content less visible and at a faster rate. At the same time, legal alternatives should be easier to find.
“This should start to trigger faster and more effective demotion – and delisting. That should also mean that legal content sources are better promoted and artists and creators better rewarded,” Eddy Leviten, Director General of the Alliance for Intellectual Property informs TorrentFreak.
The changes should take effect by June 1st and are targeted at the UK public. This means that search results may not be impacted to the same degree elsewhere.
The parties have also agreed to cooperate more closely and share data to optimize future anti-piracy strategies. This includes efforts to make sure that pirate search terms do not show up in autocomplete suggestions.
“Autocomplete is an area where it has been agreed we need to work – and it will need cooperation to look at what terms are delivering consumers to pirate content,” Leviten clarifies.
The news was made public by several creative industry players, but it's expected the UK Government, which played an important role in facilitating the talks, will follow with an announcement later today.
The rightsholder groups are happy that an agreement was finally reached and hope that it will help to steer search engine users toward legal alternatives.
“Pirate websites are currently much too easy to find via search, so we appreciate the parties' willingness to try to improve that situation,” says Stan McCoy, President & Managing Director of the Motion Picture Association EMEA.
While the agreement is a milestone, it's also clearly a compromise. The measures announced today are not substantially new.
Google, for one, has been demoting pirate sites in search results for several years already and it previously banned various pirate terms from autocomplete. Under the anti-piracy code, these measures will be intensified.
More far-reaching demands from rightsholders, such as removing pirate sites from search results entirely or a takedown-staydown policy, are not part of the deal.
Geoff Taylor, Chief Executive of UK music group BPI, recognizes that the new partnership isn't going to stop piracy entirely but hopes that it will help to improve the current situation.
“There is much work still to do to achieve this. The Code will not be a silver bullet fix, but it will mean that illegal sites are demoted more quickly from search results and that fans searching for music are more likely to find a fair site.
“We look forward to working with Google, Microsoft and our partners across the creative industries to build a safer, better online environment for creators and fans.”
TorrentFreak also reached out to Google to hear their vision on the landmark agreement, but at the time of publication, the company hadn't replied.
Angie Kordic Passionate about art, frequent visitor of exhibitions, Widewalls photography specialist.
Whether it is executed independently or commissioned by a gallery or a festival, today's street art is finding its place on an impressive variety of surfaces around the globe.
In fact, the whole urban art movement could (and should) now be considered a fully legitimate one – no longer will graffiti, murals and other ephemeral works be considered vandalism.
And why should they? The splendid art we see coming in each month as part of our Street Update section is there to connect people, unite communities, embellish environments, inspire, and even give voice to those who need it. The nature of street and urban art has always been a versatile one, and those who were truly committed to it were sometimes rebels – but always with a notable cause.
There seems to be no doubt that street artists and their creations gained popularity, and continue to do so, mainly thanks to the digital and social media. Being public works of art, they reach out to a large audience nowadays always ready to spread the word and give them the much-deserved visibility.
This is where we, as Widewalls, come in to say we are proud to be a part of this phenomenon and all its aspects, through our dedication and respect of these incredible artworks and the masterminds behind them.
It is now that time of the year again where we thank them for their hard work by looking back at the last 365 days of it. We'd also like to thank our Instagram followers for appreciating it just as much as we did, for this list features 55 of the most popular street and urban creations we brought to you in 2017.
Behold, the most beautiful murals and street artworks of the year behind us.
Hubble Finds First Organic Molecule on an Exoplanet
Space Telescope Science Institute
Baltimore, Md.
NASA/ESA/G. Bacon (STScI)NASA's Hubble Space Telescope (HST) has made the first detection ever of an organic molecule in the atmosphere of a Jupiter-sized planet orbiting another star. This breakthrough is an important step in eventually identifying signs of life on a planet outside our solar system.The molecule found by Hubble is methane, which under the right circumstances can play a key role in prebiotic chemistry -- the chemical reactions considered necessary to form life as we know it.This discovery proves that Hubble and upcoming space missions, such as NASA's James Webb Space Telescope, can detect organic molecules on planets around other stars by using spectroscopy, which splits light into its components to reveal the "fingerprints" of various chemicals."This is a crucial stepping stone to eventually characterizing prebiotic molecules on planets where life could exist," said Mark Swain of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), Pasadena, Calif., who led the team that made the discovery. Swain is lead author of a paper appearing in the March 20 issue of Nature.The discovery comes after extensive observations made in May 2007 with Hubble's Near Infrared Camera and Multi-Object Spectrometer (NICMOS). It also confirms the existence of water molecules in the planet's atmosphere, a discovery made originally by NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope in 2007. "With this observation there is no question whether there is water or not - water is present," said Swain.The planet now known to have methane and water is located 63 light-years away in the constellation Vulpecula. Called HD 189733b, the planet is so massive and so hot it is considered an unlikely host for life. HD 189733b, dubbed a "hot Jupiter," is so close to its parent star it takes just over two days to complete an orbit. These objects are the size of Jupiter but orbit closer to their stars than the tiny innermost planet Mercury in our solar system. HD 189733b's atmosphere swelters at 1,700 degrees Fahrenheit, about the same temperature as the melting point of silver.Though the star-hugger planet is too hot for life as we know it, "this observation is proof that spectroscopy can eventually be done on a cooler and potentially habitable Earth-sized planet orbiting a dimmer red dwarf-type star," Swain said. The ultimate goal of studies like these is to identify prebiotic molecules in the atmospheres of planets in the "habitable zones" around other stars, where temperatures are right for water to remain liquid rather than freeze or evaporate away.The observations were made as the planet HD 189733b passed in front of its parent star in what astronomers call a transit. As the light from the star passed briefly through the atmosphere along the edge of the planet, the gases in the atmosphere imprinted their unique signatures on the starlight from the star HD 189733.The astronomers were surprised to find that the planet has more methane than predicted by conventional models for "hot Jupiters." "This indicates we don't really understand exoplanet atmospheres yet," said Swain."These measurements are an important step to our ultimate goal of determining the conditions, such as temperature, pressure, winds, clouds, etc., and the chemistry on planets where life could exist. Infrared spectroscopy is really the key to these studies because it is best matched to detecting molecules," said Swain.Swain's co-authors on the paper include Gautam Vasisht of JPL and Giovanna Tinetti of University College, London.The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between NASA and the European Space Agency (ESA) and is managed by NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center (GSFC) in Greenbelt, Md. The Space Telescope Science Institute (STScI) conducts Hubble science operations. The institute is operated for NASA by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy, Inc., Washington, D.C. JPL manages the Spitzer Space Telescope for NASA. Scheduled for launch in 2013, JWST will probe even deeper into the universe than Hubble can now. JWST is an international collaboration between NASA, ESA, and the Canadian Space Agency (CSA). GSFC is managing the development effort. The prime contractor is Northrop Grumman Space Technologies. STScI will operate JWST after launch.More information on the discovery and artist's concepts are online at:For more information on this story, contact:J.D. HarringtonNASA Headquarters, Washington, D.C.202-358-5241Ray VillardSpace Telescope Science Institute, Baltimore, Md.410-338-4514
After protesters and supporters clashed at the UIC pavilion Friday night, Donald Trump canceled the rally. NBC 5's Susan Carlson has the latest. (Published Saturday, March 12, 2016)
A crowd waiting for Donald Trump to speak Friday erupted after the presidential front-runner postponed their rally at the University of Illinois-Chicago Pavilion over safety concerns.
"Mr. Trump just arrived in Chicago and after meeting with law enforcement has determined that for the safety of tens of thousands of people that have gathered in and around the arena, tonight's rally will be postponed until another date," an announcer said. "Thank you very much for your attendance and please go in peace."
Sky 5: Brawls Break Out in Large Crowds After Trump Cancels Chicago Rally
Chicago Police brawl with protesters outside UIC Pavilion after Trump cancels rally. Sky 5 reports. (Published Friday, March 11, 2016)
The crowd burst into shouts and cheers, and some scuffles broke out in the minutes after the announcement was made. Some people could be seen yelling at each other or making vulgar gestures; multiple punches were thrown. A man who took the podium was escorted away by officers.
People could be heard chanting "Trump" shortly after. The protests spread to the streets around the University of Illinois-Chicago Pavilion, where a group of people were seen stopping cars.
At a Friday evening press conference, Chicago Police said five people were arrested amid the chaos. Additionally, two CPD officers were injured – both non life-threatening -- though one officer was struck on the head by a bottle.
Jedidiah Brown Forcibly Removed From Stage After Trump Cancels Rally
Jedidiah Brown was removed from the stage at the University of Illinois-Chicago Pavilion Friday after Donald Trump canceled their rally at the arena. (Published Friday, March 11, 2016)
Trump told MSNBC shortly after the announcement that they thought it was the "right thing to do under the circumstances."
"My decision is: I just don't want to see people hurt… We can come back and do it another time," they said.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel released a statement thanking police for their work during the protests.
“For all of us who cherish the ideals upon which our country was founded, the hateful, divisive rhetoric that pits Americans against each other demeans our democratic values and diminishes our democratic process," Emanuel said. "I want to thank the men and women of the Chicago Police Department for their hard work tonight in unexpected circumstances, and their continued commitment to protecting people's first amendment rights.”
Trump Postpones Chicago Rally for Safety Concerns
A Trump rep announces the Republican presidential candidate is postponing their UIC rally. (Published Friday, March 11, 2016)
The scenes brought reproach from Trump's presidential rival, Sen. Ted Cruz. Outside a dinner for Illinois Republicans, Cruz said Trump "bears a responsibility for creating" the kind of environment seen at the rally, and that its escalating is "the predictable consequence."
Tensions were high even before the rally began.
Protesters were already being escorted out of the UIC Pavilion an hour before the rally was scheduled to begin. Three attendees wearing shirts that read "Muslims United Against Trump" and "Make America Hate Again" were removed from the venue as protesters gathered inside and outside the pavilion.
Crowds shouted as the protesters were escorted out before several people in the audience began repeatedly chanting "U-S-A." It was not immediately clear why the three were removed from the event.
Presidential Candidates Visit Chicago Area
Another man was seen being taken out of the venue as some chanted "let them stay."
Inside the rally, an announcement could be heard telling the crowd to "not touch or harm the protesters."
"Mr. Trump will continue their right of free speech in America," the announcer said. "As a matter of fact, they support the First Amendment just as much as they support the Second Amendment. However, some people have taken advantage of Mr. Trump's hospitality by choosing to disrupt their rallies by using them as an opportunity to promote their own political messages. While they certainly have their right to free speech, this is a private rally paid for by Mr. Trump."
The announcer also told supporters at the rally if they see a protester, they can notify law enforcement by placing a rally sign over their head and chanting "Trump, Trump, Trump."
Supporters of Trump began lining up at the building before sunrise Friday.
The GOP front-runner was scheduled to speak at the school's pavilion at 6 p.m., with doors opening at 3 p.m. The first person in line to wait for a spot at the free event arrived at 3 a.m. The arena seats 9,500, though it's not clear how many are set to attend the rally.
Protesters Escorted Out of Venue Ahead of Trump Rally
Supporters of Donald Trump began lining up at University of Illinois-Chicago before sunrise Friday, hours before a rally that also was expected to draw protesters. NBC 5's Phil Rogers reports. (Published Friday, March 11, 2016)
More than 10,000 officially RSVP'd that they will be going to the university to protest the event.
Ahead of Trump's Chicago campaign stop, more than 50,000 people signed a moveon.org petition in an attempt to get the event canceled, saying it has no place in Chicago, “especially not at an institution of higher learning." Protesters cited the Republican's stance on immigration, their calls to bring back torture tactics on alleged terrorists, and a recent endorsement from white supremacist David Duke.
Trump is known for drawing large rallies where protesters frequently clash with supporters and security, but during Thursday night's GOP debate they argued that they were not responsible for the incidents.
“I hope not. I truly hope not,” they said. "People come with tremendous passion and love for the country. When they see what's going on in this country, they have anger that's unbelievable."
As fury over Trump's appearance grew, the school's chancellor, Michael Amiridis addressed the students' concerns, clarifying that the school was "not endorsing, sponsoring or supporting any candidate for political office." Rather, it was continuing its tradition of hosting campaign events on campus, and candidates could not be excluded "because of the views they or they express."
Local politicians have also pledged to protest the rally, including Ald. Ray Lopez (15th Ward) and Congressman Luis Guitierrez.
Illinois' presidential primary will be held March 15.
Two brothers who escaped Alcatraz half a century ago survived the attempt and not only married and had children after embarking on new lives in Brazil - but may still be alive, their nephew claims.
Bank robbers Clarence and John Anglin made it off the prison island in 1962 after digging a tunnel out of their cells with teaspoons and throwing themselves into the treacherous waters of San Francisco Bay in a makeshift dinghy.
The FBI had maintained the brothers drowned while fleeing 'The Rock' in the middle of the night, along with career criminal Frank Morris.
But their nephew Ken Widner, 54, told Daily Mail Online that they are certain their uncles made it to South America - and established family lives there.
Survived? This photo purports to show Clarence (left) and John Anglin (right), two bank robbers who escaped from Alcatraz in 1962, standing on a farm in Brazil in 1975, their nephews claim
Pensioners: Clarence (left top in their Alcatraz mugshot and bottom left in a computer-generated image of them as an elderly man) and John (top right at Alcatraz and bottom right older) would be 84 and 85 years old today
Convinced: Ken Widner, the nephew of the Alacatraz escapees says they believe they were in Brazil
They spoke out after a History Channel documentary which made public a photo given to their family 20 years ago - and recently forensically analyzed.
The family always had a hunch that the daring escape was successful.
Speaking at their home in Gainesville, GA, they said: 'The family had always believed that the brothers had gone to South America. It's hard to say how we knew; but we did.
'It was thought some family members knew before Fred Brizzi [a friend of the brothers who claimed to have met them in Brazil in 1975].
'We always felt our Uncle Robert knew they survived. Then, on their deathbed, they admitted to being in touch with them for the first 25 years after they escaped.'
The secret was disclosed by Robert Anglin shortly before their death in Ruskin, Florida, in October 2010, aged 84.
Ken said they would now love to go to Brazil to track down their uncles Clarence and John, who would now be 84 and 85 respectively.
They think they could still be alive as other family members have survived into their nineties.
'I hope they are still alive as I would love to meet them and I would love for my mother to see them one last time,' they said.
Ken believes Brazil would not extradite the brothers to the U.S. because they married and had children in the country, so becoming residents.
They said: 'We believe that they had wives and children.'
So far, no potential relatives in Brazil have reached out to the family.
It is, however, the case that Brazilian law on extradition prevents non-nationals who have Brazilian wives or children from being sent abroad for trial without their consent.
Legend: The bank robbing brothers fled Alcatraz in the middle of the night on June 11, 1962, in a dinghy they made from raincoats
Mystery solved: New evidence suggests that the trio did not drown, but made it out of the sea and could have got to Brazil, which was then a haven for criminals on the run as it didn't have an extradition agreement
Middle man: They say Fred Brizzi, pictured, who grew up with the Anglin brothers, handed over pictures they took of the pair after bumping into them in Rio De Janeiro. They also offered an explanation as to how they escaped
Such a provision allowed a notorious British criminal, 'Great Train Robber' Ronnie Biggs to live openly in Rio de Janiero from 1970 to 2001. They returned to the UK at their own request.
Ken, and their brother David, 48, recently starred in a History Channel documentary about the Alcatraz escape.
The program, which aired last Sunday, has stirred up a lot of interest and they've received many calls, Ken said - but none leading them to their relatives.
The photograph which has brought renewed interest in the case was taken in 1975 by Fred Brizzi, a smuggler who shipped drugs between South America and Central Florida in the Seventies.
'He had quite the history of their own,' Ken said.
They grew up with the Anglin brothers and bumped into them in a bar during a trip to Rio de Janeiro, according to their nephew.
Inside: Alfred Anglin served their time at the Atlanta Federal Penitentiary in Georgia, before being transferred. They were eligible for parole, so had no reason to try to escape, their family says
Underworld: Brizzi smuggled drugs between South America and Central Florida in the 1970s. Investigators have considered the possibility they helped the brothers get across San Francisco Bay
'There's more that's going to come out that I can't comment on. But there's more to this story,' Ken said.
Brizzi gave the photo to the family in 1992, Ken said. It shows two men in sunglasses on farmland, standing next to a mound of earth, alongside a road.
The criminal said they were the only one who knew for certain that John and Clarence had survived and that they wanted their family to know they were alive and well. Brizzi died of lung cancer in 1993.
Ken said: 'It's my personal belief that Brizzi felt it was the right time to share the picture with the family.
'He had to wait until a certain time that would not get the brothers or family in trouble. When the photo was taken, the FBI were still focused on the case and had threatened family who had any knowledge of the escape.'
The family believe that another uncle, who was also in prison, suffered fatal consequences due to knowledge of their brothers' escape.
Alfred Anglin was an accomplice to John and Clarence's 1958 bank robbery in Alabama but unlike their siblings, they never tried to escape.
Alfred served their time in the Atlanta Federal Penitentiary before being transferred to Kilby prison, Alabama for the remainder of their sentence. When they arrived, they were already eligible for parole.
Ken said: 'In November, they were visited by one of my uncles. Alfred told him: 'I've had contact with them [John and Clarence] and I know where they're at.'
'I visited them with my mom and dad after Christmas. We sat at a picnic table and Alfred told them, 'I know where the boys are.'
'On January 11, the prison said Alfred tried to escape and was electrocuted. But ask any prisoner – why would they do that if they knew they were up for parole at the end of the month?'
The family have long questioned the official account of Alfred's death, Ken said. They believe they were beaten because they wouldn't help authorities locate Clarence and John.
The family finally came to an agreement to reveal their photographic evidence in return for the authorities help in having Alfred's body exhumed.
A coroner did not find any significant trauma to the corpse.
Ken said: 'Just because there was no evidence of broken bones, doesn't mean anything happened.'
Proof: The declassified FBI document addressed to Edgar Hoover from January 20, 1965, which proves they were told Alcatraz escapee Clarence Anglin may be living in Rio - three years after their daring escape
Informed: J Edgar Hoover, the FBI director, received the file suggesting the escapees were in Brazil
In exchange for the exhumation, the Widners allowed DNA to be taken from Alfred's corpse to compare to bones found in San Francisco Bay six months after John and Clarence's escape – and long believed to belong to one of the brothers.
'The offer to exhume Alfred had increased our trust with the FBI,' Ken said. 'It was give and take.'
The bones were not found to be a DNA match – adding credit to the claim the Anglin brothers made it out of the water alive. A DNA sample from Morris' family in 2010 concluded the remains did not belong to him.
The family only recently entrusted Brizzi's photo with a retired Federal Marshal investigator, Art Roderick.
Ken said: 'The family has never really trusted the FBI and when it was finally turned over, 53 years had gone by.
'We feel like we've found the right person we can trust in Art and felt comfortable enough to share it.'
A forensic artist analysed the facial structures of the men in the photograph and compared it to family pictures and prison mugshots of the brothers.
'It showed up 99.9 per cent accurate,' Ken said.
Art Roderick told Daily Mail Online that the forensic artist, a former police officer with years of experience, had found eight different points on each face in the photograph which matched with the Anglins' mugshots, leading to a 'highly likely' conclusion that it was the Alcatraz escapees.
'Without that, I wouldn't be as keen on this as I am now,' Art said. 'It's a lead but I would like some more pieces of evidence.'
Art, who spent their 26-year career with the Marshals in fugitive apprehension, said: 'I'm still holding to my original opinion that, until we have 100 per cent confirmation they survived, that it's most likely the brothers drowned in San Francisco Bay.
'Forensic artists are not like DNA or fingerprints, it's not an exact science, more like handwriting analysis. But the photographic evidence is very compelling.
'It's one of the great mysteries of the 20th century. But it could still all be a nice story which isn't true.'
They said if the brothers had survived the escape, they would probably have died by now due to their hard living and the fact all their brothers of similar age had passed.
Art said that the photograph could be a misdirection to lead the investigation away from the Anglin brothers real whereabouts but that they would travel to Brazil with the Widners after alerting the Federal Marshal service and Interpol to the development.
Family ties: The Anglins' nephews Ken (center), 54, and David Widner (right), 48, say they own a photograph, seen by investigator Art Roderick (left) that proves their relatives were alive in the 1970s
The retired Fed, who is being paid by the History Channel and is also employed as a CNN law enforcement consultant, refused to reveal further details of the Brazil farm where the brothers were supposed to be living or if they had in fact had families because 'there will be a mad rush to that region'.
The former Fed also suggested that if someone went down privately and began asking questions about the case, they would likely be arrested by Brazilian authorities because the Alcatraz escape is now an open Interpol case.
They added: 'We've had to very careful on this.'
Federal Marshals, who have been handling the case since it was handed over from the FBI in 1979, are still to conduct their own testing on the photograph – using the same image and mugshots.
Before recent developments, Art described the Alcatraz escape as 'a case so cold it was frozen'. They said the Marshal service, who are faced with hunting up to 120,000 felons a year, just couldn't justify spending resources and assigning officers.
Ken Widner said they were not paid by The History Channel but took part in the show to bring attention to their uncles' story.  They are also contemplating writing a book on their infamous relatives.
Loving son: The family of the escapees provided Christmas cards John would supposedly send their family every year. This one had their prison number and a stamp saying it was sent from Alcatraz
Further evidence: However the pair insist they were sent three more in the years after the escape. This one did not have the prison markings on it
The 54-year-old has reached out to the U.S. Attorney-General for a pardon for their uncles and to the state of Alabama – the latter of which refused.
They added: ‘But instead of asking for a pardon, we now think we should be asking for time served.
‘I think they've served the time. My uncles have spent 53 years away from their family. That's long enough.'
Declassified FBI files uncovered by Daily Mail Online this week also revealed that the bureau was told the Anglin brothers could be hiding out in Brazil in 1965 – ten years before Brizzi took the photograph.
The redacted files revealed U.S. authorities were working on intelligence that at least one of the brothers, Clarence, was living in Rio.
The potential sighting 50 years ago - sent directly to the Bureau's then-director, Edgar J Hoover from the legal attaché - was considered so significant that agents were dispatched to South America to find them.
The U.S. Marshal, who took over the investigation after the FBI closed its case, also supposedly received a sighting of one of the Anglin brothers by a bartender in Rio.
The Brazil tip off was just one of a flurry of possible sightings of the notorious pair across the States in the weeks, months and years after their escape that the FBI was forced to follow up, but the trail on every possible lead went cold.
Update 2/25/16: Google Fiber announced it would be using dark fiber in San Francisco to provide internet to apartment buildings and condos in the city. Motherboard has a new story explaining how this announcement was nearly 15 years in the making.
In light of the ongoing net neutrality battle, many people have begun looking to Google and its promise of high-speed fiber as a potential saving grace from companies that want to create an "internet fast lane." Well, the fact is, even without Google, many communities and cities throughout the country are already wired with fiber—they just don't let their residents use it.
The reasons vary by city, but in many cases, the reason you can't get gigabit internet speeds—without the threat of that service being provided by a company that wants to discriminate against certain types of traffic—is because of the giant telecom businesses that want to kill net neutrality in the first place.
Throughout the country, companies like Comcast, Time Warner Cable, CenturyLink, and Verizon have signed agreements with cities that prohibit local governments from becoming internet service providers and prohibit municipalities from selling or leasing their fiber to local startups who would compete with these huge corporations.
Because ISPs often double as cable and telephone companies, during contract negotiations with governments, they'll often offer incentives to the government—such as better or faster service, earlier access to (their company's) cable internet for residents, and the like—in exchange for a non-compete clause.
To be clear, these are often strictly local agreements between cities and cable giants.
In Washington DC, for instance, the country's first 100 Gbps fiber network has been available to nonprofit organizations since 2006—but not to any of the city's residents. During a re-negotiation with Comcast in 1999 in which the company threatened to cut off cable service to the city, Comcast agreed to provide some of its fiber access to the city for the government's "exclusive use."
"The 1999 agreement was conditioned in important ways," former Obama administration assistant and Harvard University researcher Susan Crawford wrote in a recent paper examining the city's fiber network. "First, the city agreed not to lease or sell the fiber. Second, the contract required that the city not 'engage in any activities or outcomes that would result in business competition between the District and Comcast or that may result in loss of business opportunity for Comcast.'"
Comcast never even made its fiber available to the city, but that agreement, and a future one with Verizon, has, in part, kept the city's DC-NET fiber network out of residents' homes.
"The intent was never to take the business away from Verizon or Comcast," Anil Sharma, director of operations for DC-NET, told Washington City Paper last year. "Our target audience always was community anchor institutions."
What happened in DC is not uncommon. According to MuniNetworks, a group that tracks community access to fiber nationwide, at least 20 states have laws or other regulatory barriers that make it illegal or difficult for communities to offer fiber access to their residents. Even in states where there are no official rules, non-compete agreements between government and big business are common.
These are the cities and towns where residents can access community fiber. Image: MuniNetworks
What happens then are so-called "middle-mile" projects, where government buildings, schools, and nonprofit groups can be wired up, but expanded access to consumers is met with stiff lobbying opposition and threats from larger ISPs.
"A full fiber-to-the-premises model, on the other hand, might attract the attention of the entire national communications industry and related industries," New America Foundation researchers wrote in a May report called "The Art of the Possible: An Overview of Public Broadband Options." "That is because the competition enabled by a high-capacity fiber-to-the-premises infrastructure would be perceived as a direct challenge to the interests of incumbent players in the current market structure."
There are, however, glimmers of hope.
Cities are beginning to see the importance of providing their residents with cheap, fast, and open broadband networks, and at least 89 cities and towns nationwide now offer fiber to their residents as a publicly owned utility. Patrick Lucey, one of the authors of the New America report, told me that the number of communities that actually offer fiber "doesn't capture the amount of conversations and attention that broadband infrastructure is getting."
Officials in Chattanooga, Tennessee, which offers gigabit fiber to more than 39,000 residents, said that they initially invested in fiber to "control their own destiny." Wilson, North Carolina, a city of 50,000 people, offers the fastest internet speeds in the entire state and has noticed a population growth and a marked increase in the number of businesses relocating to and forming in the city.
"A lot of these small communities have decided to make the decision to try to keep young people from moving away and have decided to invest in this," Lucey said. "It's not just about having broadband internet so you can watch Netflix, it's about making sure schools and first responders have the bandwidth capabilities they need. To have libraries and hospitals wired up and to give residents the chance to take advantage of it."
Fiber availability (from any company) for US residents. Image: US Broadband Map
Meanwhile, cities that are already wired up but don't have restrictive agreements with a major ISP are looking for ways to lease or sell it off to smaller, local ISPs—but, unfortunately, the business model appears elusive in many places. Despite the fact that this fiber often exists in the ground, it's expensive and cumbersome for a city—without the help of an ISP—to go the "last mile" to residents' homes unless it has already planned to do so (though dozens have decided to do it on their own anyway, and have had success).
San Francisco's average internet speeds don't even rank in the top 100 municipalities in the country, but, like many other places, most of the city is wired with municipal fiber that's used by government officials, police stations, and city colleges. In 2008, the city made some of that network available to low-rise public housing projects, but still doesn't offer fiber to its other residents.
"We've met with them several times over the past three years, but they can't figure out how to work with a local company," Alex Menendez, who helps run MonkeyBrains, a small ISP based in the city, told me. "They don't run a business and can't figure out how to sell it, how to price it. We would love to do fiber to the home, but it doesn't make sense for us to use the city's at the current pricing."
Menendez told me that, after paying what the city wants to charge, he'd have to sell fiber access to customers at $200 a month just to break even.
Instead, the company is trying a pilot program with the city to offer fiber to businesses in certain office buildings. The plan is to build an "island of fiber" in seven buildings in the city—but they don't see the company, or the city for that matter, offering up fiber to its residents.
It's not for a lack of interest. I asked them if more people have signed up since the FCC offered up its plan to create an internet "fast lane."
"It's definitely picked up. It's been a steady flow—we have more business than we're staffed for, and we have more business than we can do," they said. "These folks care about net neutrality, and our customers like being able to call a number and talk to someone who really controls a good size of the business."
Unfortunately, those people—and millions of others around the country—will have to settle for Internet speeds that are relatively run-of-the-mill, while tons of unused fiber sits beneath them.
Dark Matter 207 Review: Don't Blink by Tom Gardiner at Three If By Space
“I want to touch on the main story this week. It involved a mystery that began early in season one with Five and the strange key card. It was a mystery that intrigued me more than any other. It's the mystery of the “pockets of extra-dimensional space” and I'm overjoyed we're finally getting more about it.”
Dark Matter: She's One of Them Now – Cloning Around (Review) by Mike Knox-Smith at Mike's Film Talk
“Joseph Mallozzi and Paul Mullie have specialized in warming up the audience only to splash freezing water in their faces.”
Dark Matter Season 2, Episode 7 Review: She's One Of Them Now by Christopher Hart at The Nerd Recites
“This episode provided us with a true heist situation – sending in crew members to extract a device – layered with SF ideas (clones) and we loved it.”
Dark Matter Season 2 Episode 7 Review: She's One of Them Now by Kathleen Wiedel at TV Fanatic
“Moment of heartwarming: when Three defended Five's skills and abilities to Calcheck. Three's just a big old softy, all full of marshmallow inside.”
Dark Matter “She's One of Them Now” Review by Jideobi Odunze at Geeked Out Nation.
“The one way in which Dark Matter almost always lives up to expectations is that we are getting takeaways from each episode.”
TV Review: Dark Matter (2×07) “She's One of Them Now” by Leaf Miranda at The Young Folks
“It's hard to tell if the crew just made things better or worse for themselves. “
Dark Matter: She's One of Them Now Review by Michael Ahr at Den Of Geek
“Dark Matter nailed it this week, and hopefully the show's use of likable characters and innovative tech will continue to be the hallmark of its success.”
Dark Matter – She's One Of Them Now – Review: “A Fun Romp” + POLL by Aimee Hicks at Spoiler TV
“While a lot was going on in this episode we still got to see the Android express how unique they are compared to other androids.”
Dark Matter “She's One of Them Now” Review (Season 2, Episode 7) by Rueben at TV Equals
“Last night's episode of Dark Matter not only featured the return of a couple of familiar faces – i.e., Talbor Calchek (guest star David Hewlett) but also – albeit very briefly Galactic Authority Inspector Kierken (guest star Kris Holden-Ried) – it also featured Five taking a lead role in a mission. It's not their first time helping the Raza team out, but this was really their chance to shine.”
Dark Matter: The One Where Five Saves Everyone. Again. by Jen Stayrook at The Workprint
“Dearest Dark Matter,
We've had our ups and downs like everyone else, but right now, I think we're in a really good place. We're stable with still some excitement churning in the old engines, eh? Our second year has been positively magical, if a bit on the sad side. But do me a favor, Dark Matter. If you love me (and I hope you love me like I love you), keep my boo Five safe. There have been a lot of close calls and I'm desperately afraid of something bad happening to them She's the only one that matters and if you hurt her, well, things won't be so good between us.”
Slice of SciFi's Andrea Rittschof considers Dark Matter, five episodes in:
“And one of the best parts of this show is how much the characters grow and develop. They aren't just untrusting criminals, or amnesiacs. They've grown to care about each other, their crew and when they trust each other, it hurts when one of them betrays the group. And trust isn't instantaneous. It is built layer by layer.”
Geeksiders Anna and Josh weigh in with their thoughts of “She's One Of Them Now”
And finally, to those of you missing the terrific Marc Bendavid, check them out in Summer in the City airing tonight at 9/8C on the Hallmark Channel.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
Israel has had a bittersweet relationship with the Olympics.
While the young country has won a total of nine medals over the years, it has also suffered great loss at the Games. The horrors of Munich in 1972 act as a reminder that the Olympic Games often become a proxy for retaliation and the bitter settling of international scores.
However, when Israel headed to the Olympics in Rio this year, it brought the largest delegation of athletes in its nation's history.
47 athletes in 17 different sports, a record for a country approximately the size of New Jersey.
However, before the Israeli team even landed in Rio, other countries were already showing extreme disrespect to the Jewish State in pre-Olympic events — and the team has experienced several altercations since then:
1. Kuwait denied an Israeli official their visa for an Olympic qualifying event.
In October of 2015, Kuwait held the Asian Shooting Championship. An Israel delegate was supposed to be part of the competition, an Olympic qualifying event, but was denied entry into the Gulf state according to JPost.com.
As a result, the Olympic Committee revoked Kuwait's qualifying status for the Rio Games. The Committee said Kuwait's actions were against the non-discrimination policy of the Olympic Charter, according to Reuters.
2. A Syrian boxer quit to avoid being in the ring with an Israeli.
Ala Ghasoun is one of Syria's best boxers. But when it came to a qualifying event for the Rio Olympics, they didn't want to face off with an Israeli — so they dropped out.
They said of their decision, via The Jerusalem Post:
“I quit the competition because my rival was Israeli, and I cannot shake their hand or compete against them while they represent a Zionist regime that kills the Syrian people. If I fight against him, it would mean that I, as a athlete, and Syria, as a state, recognize the state of Israel.”
3. Facebook initially forgot to add Israel to a list of flags for countries you can cheer for in Rio.
A few days before the Olympics kicked off, Facebook offered users a feature to add the flag of their country as their profile pic. While it's unclear how it happened, Israel was not a choice.
After an appeal from Israel's Olympic Committee, Facebook added the Israeli flag.
4. Saudi judo Olympian forfeited a match in order to not compete against a five-time Israeli champion.
During a preliminary match Joud Fahmy, a Saudi Olympian, decided to forfeit.
https://twitter.com/Abunass3r/status/761538460167602176
According to The Times of Israel, Fahmy dropped out of the match in order to avoid having to fight Gili Cohen, an Israeli and champion judo fighter.
5. Team Lebanon refused to share a bus with Israel to go to the Opening Ceremonies.
Team Israel was about to get on their assigned bus to take them to the Opening Ceremonies of the 2016 Games, when they found the bus doors locked and the other team already on board.
That team was Lebanon, a majority Muslim country that did not wish to share their bus with Israel, even though that was what the Olympic Committee had assigned.
The head of the Lebanese delegation asked the bus driver to shut the door upon learning Israeli athletes were on their way.
Head of the Israeli delegation, Gili Lustig, confirmed the incident and told the AP that “the behavior of the head of the Lebanese delegation contradicts the Olympic Charter.” Lebanon was harshly reprimanded by the IOC.
6. Egyptian judo fighter refused to shake hand of Israeli who beat him:
After Israeli Olympian Or Sasson made quick work of Egyptian athlete Islam El Shehaby, they went to shake their fellow fighter's hand. Shehaby, however, didn't want to shake hands with the man who just bested him.
Egyptian judoka Islam El Shehaby loses to Israeli Or Sasson, refuses to shake hands in a major breach of etiquette. pic.twitter.com/kOU1oAd5YW — Zaid Benjamin (@zaidbenjamin) August 12, 2016
In fact, Shehaby completely ignored the etiquette of judo and didn't bow to Sasson either. The Olympic Committee punished Shehaby by sending them home, while Sasson won the bronze in their event.
No matter what your nation or politics, everyone in Rio owes thanks to the State of Israel, because they are a key element in their protection.
Israeli security forces had a key role in training and equipping Brazilian police forces protecting the hundreds of thousands who have traveled to Rio for the Games. In fact, Brazil awarded the Israeli defense corporation ISDS a $2.2 billion contract to secure all athletes from every country according to Globes.
So there is something we can all cheer about.
International petition to end the war on drugs
Here's a petition to sign at AVAAZ
To Ban Ki-moon and all Heads of State:
We call on you to end the war on drugs and the prohibition regime, and move towards a system based on decriminalisation, regulation, public health and education. This 50 year old policy has failed, fuels violent organised crime, devastates lives and is costing billions. It is time for a humane and effective approach.
I'm not a big one on petitions, usually, but this sounds interesting, particularly since the petition is connected to the Global Commission on Drug Policy, which is apparently releasing a major report soon. The petition is aimed to support that report.
This, by the way, is a pretty amazing commission, looking to completely change the global approach to drug policy, based on evidence.
The commission also has a powerhouse membership, including a number of former heads of state who have come out for legalization.
I've signed the petition and suggest that you do the same.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake wants to spend $2 million for a Washington law firm to represent the city as it responds to the U.S. Justice Department's civil rights investigation of the Baltimore police force.
Howard Libit, the mayor's spokesperson, said municipal lawyers have retained WilmerHale to assist the city through the end of the fiscal year in June.
"They have an expertise in dealing with the Justice Department," Libit said. "They are assisting with the city's response to the investigation."
For months, federal investigators have been probing whether Baltimore officers have engaged in a pattern or practice of violating residents' constitutional rights or discriminatory policing. In other cities, such investigations have exposed problems such as brutality and outdated training, leading to federal oversight that can last for years and cost taxpayers millions of dollars.
The mayor's request for spending on the law firm — which will require City Council approval — comes as the administration also hopes to spend $533,000 to hire additional crime scene analysts to bolster the police department's overburdened forensics lab and to give the city's civilian review board more staffing to investigate police misconduct complaints.
The crime lab — which will receive a projected 15,000 requests this year to investigate homicides, burglaries and other crimes — would use $347,000 to buy new equipment and add eight technicians to a team of 28 and bring on two more lab supervisors for a total of five.
Another $186,000 would be spent to give the civilian review board a mediator, a community liaison and an additional investigator, in an attempt to help improve police-community relations.
All the new spending represents supplemental budget requests and must go before the City Council for approval.
Some council members were surprised Monday to learn how much the administration wants to spend on the outside legal counsel, especially on the heels of the $6.4 million settlement the city reached in September with the family of Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old who died in police custody.
"That's a lot of money," said City Council Vice President Edward Reisinger. "We just spent $6.4 million, and now $2 million more? They need to answer a lot of questions about what we're paying for.
"They have to hire outside attorneys to answer questions? Every time we turn around we're spending more money on consultants," Reisinger said.
Representatives from WilmerHale could not be reached for comment.
City Councilman Eric T. Costello, who sits on the council's budget committee, said "complying with the [Justice Department] investigation is absolutely paramount."
They said they wanted to do a "deeper dive" into the expense.
"It's pretty evident Baltimore City needs some outside help" with the investigation, they said. "They're going out to get the expertise to help us improve the police department."
Councilman Brandon Scott said hiring the law firm could be money well spent, but they need more information to decide if he'll support it. The attorneys could help the city mitigate costs in the long run, they said.
"For me, any expense of taxpayer dollars always raises questions," Scott said. "If this can be used to offset and lower costs over time, it could be well worth this amount. We don't know if the administration knows something from [the Justice Department] that we don't know."
The federal intervention started last fall, just days after a Baltimore Sun investigation found that the city had paid millions in recent years on court judgments and settlements in 102 lawsuits alleging police brutality and other misconduct.
A collaborative review between city police and the Justice Department morphed into a full-scale civil rights investigation after Gray died of a spine injury sustained in police custody. Rioting, looting and arson gripped the city on the day of their funeral in April, and days later six officers were charged in connection with their arrest and death. The first trial, of Officer William G. Porter, is ongoing.
With regard to the proposed funding for the crime lab, director Steven O'Dell said the lab is handling so many calls it can take a day for a technician to respond to the scene of a burglary. Calls for service are up an estimated 10 percent this year, following a citywide spike in crime.
Technicians can get so backed up that by the time they make it to some crime scenes, the victims say they no longer want the lab to catalog the evidence, O'Dell said. The lab had 91 such situations last month.
Providing a faster response "means a lot to us, but it means a lot more to the community," O'Dell said. "People get sick of waiting."
The new lab workers, who are trained scientists, should be on the job by July, O'Dell said. They expect the new hires to have a ripple effect on the department's ability to investigate crime because they will free up officers who would otherwise be tasked with helping to collect and process evidence.
Nathan D. Willner, president of the Cheswolde Neighborhood Association, said residents in the Northwest Baltimore community noticed the delays and asked the mayor about it at a town hall meeting several months ago. They said they were "ecstatic" to hear about the investment.
"When you are a victim of crime, the answer that there are more serious crimes elsewhere in the city doesn't really matter to you," Willner said. "I don't fault the city for focusing on the more serious crimes first. But if you're a homeowner, it's not comforting to know that compared to other places in the city, you're doing OK."
Rawlings-Blake said they are investing more money in the civilian review board as part of an ongoing restructuring effort by Kisha A. Brown, who was hired in February to run the city's Office of Civil Rights and Wage Enforcement. The agency oversees the review board and two other commissions.
The board is charged with examining complaints of police misconduct and making recommendations to the police commissioner about disciplinary actions. Some board members have noted that the department rarely follows their recommendations.
Rawlings-Blake said they hired Brown to bring a "strong focus" to the office, and believes hiring additional staff will build trust in the law enforcement process. The money also will go to the hiring of a deputy director for the civil rights office.
Transgender Swimmer Given Choice Of Harvard's Men's, Women's Teams
Enlarge this image toggle caption Images Etc Ltd/Getty Images Images Etc Ltd/Getty Images
The Harvard men's swim team will have a new swimmer on their team this fall: Schuyler Bailar of McLean, Va. They will be the first openly transgender swimmer in NCAA Division I history, according to The Harvard Crimson.
Bailar swam with a club team while they were at Georgetown Day School where they set more than 10 team records and swam on a team with Olympic gold medalist Katie Ledecky, setting a national record for the 400 yard relay. By their senior year, they had been recruited by Harvard for the women's swim team. Bailar took a gap year after graduating from high school, during which they came out as transgender, writes the Crimson:
"While Bailar has always identified as male, they had not come out as transgender until after graduation. During their gap year they contemplated medically transitioning—something they initially thought might mean quitting the sport they loved. " 'Initially the decision was, "Do I swim, or do I quit and transition?" ' Bailar said. 'I really didn't want to give up swimming, but I also didn't know how much longer I could do the living as a girl thing.' "He came up with a solution: They would get 'top' surgery and swim on the women's team, they informed a supportive Morawski in November."
Bailar didn't know this at the time, but the women's swim coach, Stephanie Morawski, talked to the men's coach, Kevin Tyrrell. Tyrrell told The Associated Press that they spoke with the men's team:
"We talked about how we're all about character and values, and I kind of gave my two cents: If we're going to say that we care about others, then this is something we should consider ... And basically all the guys said, within 15 seconds, 'Yeah, let's do it.' "
Morawski called Bailar and said that if they wanted to, they had the option of joining the men's swim team. The Crimson adds: "Bailar's reaction, they said, was positive: 'Wow, OK. Woah. World exploded.' "
A few weeks later, after thinking about it, Bailar emailed the men's team with their decision to join them.
The AP says that Bailar is believed to be the first NCAA swimmer to come out as transgender, but athletes in other sports have come out as transgender in the past. In 2010, Kye Allums was playing for the women's basketball team at George Washington University and asked to be identified as a man. And in 2005, Keelin Godsey came out as transgender.  They are a national women's hammer throw champion at Bates College.
The NCAA said four years ago that transgender athletes can often compete on either the women's or men's team, depending on their hormone use, according to the AP.
As of right now, Bailar has started hormone treatments and is training hard — but they have changed their expectation, the AP writes. On the women's team, they would have been one of the best athletes on the team, but on the men's team, their times lagged far behind.
"My goal is just to contribute something to the team, and be a good teammate and a good friend. I have no idea what my body can do," Bailar said, according to the AP.
You can follow Bailar as they document their progress here.
You Can Now Order Taco Bell On Your iPhone Or Android
Scenario: It's 12:30 am. You're in Taco Bell. You'd do pretty much anything for a crunchwrap supreme.
The problem: If you open your mouth and try to speak, it'll become immediately obvious that you just smoked what you're at least 90% sure was all of the weed in the entire world.
Solution: You can now order Taco Bell on your phone.
The company is prepped to announce that they've launched a mobile ordering application for iPhone and Android. Once the respective apps go live, you should be able to find the iPhone app here and the Android app here.
This is great, because sometimes saying “Two tacos, please” and waiting 19 seconds is way, way too much work.
Oh, and good news for the sober folk: food ordered via the mobile app can be picked up through the drive-through. They've eliminated the need to get out of the car; they've mostly eliminated the need to speak to anyone… you know what this means? The only logical next step is, clearly, tacocopter.
Some of the key ingredients:
You pay through the app using debit, credit, or Taco Bell gift cards. No fancy NFC/Apple Pay/Google Wallet shenanigans involved here.
Mobile orders get to skip the line
You can customize your food ingredient-by-ingredient, in case you want a grande nonfat no-whip bean burrito.
Much of the backend/payment stuff is powered by two relatively new startups: Cardfree and Tillster.
All ribbing aside, this is undoubtedly going to be the norm at fast food chains within the next few years, so points to Taco Bell for getting in there early. McDonald's reportedly has a mobile ordering app in the works, so they beat ol' Ronald to the punch here.
No word yet on how many Taco Bell locations will support the mobile ordering function, with the company only noting that it's in “participating restaurants” nationwide. With that said, a cursory glance at the in-app map suggests this is a pretty widespread roll out.
Broke? Need to spread a few bucks as far as possible for caloric efficiency? Don't worry! There's a hack for that.
This list is a way to tell Microsoft what features and ideas would make Windows 10 a great OS.
150 Implements a new centralised global notification system. 4 years old
140 Tabbed folder browser 4 years old
113 More organised control panel. 4 years old
87 Remove the 256 character path limit 4 years old
78 Cortana for desktop with certain APIs so developers can implement their own commands 4 years old
75 A better and faster update manager. 4 years old
74 Please implement a better font manager. 4 years old
62 When I installed Windows 8.1, the OS installed many updates after each other. I took almost 20 restarts to install all the updates. Why cant all the update be in the same packae? 4 years old
56 Give me a dark theme like in Visual Studio 2013 4 years old
48 Don't include listings from the Windows Store in Start Search unless I opt in to it 4 years old
44 Add keyboard shortcuts to switch between virtual desktops 4 years old
42 tabs in CMD 4 years old
38 A full and proper Bluetooth stack, with support for multiple Bluetooth profiles on the same device and AD2P audio streaming without lag or hiccups. 4 years old
29 Allow desktop applications to have actual tile icons. Currently only metro apps can have proper tiles, while desktop applications are stuck with autogenerated ones that look very out of place. (I.e. full custom images, instead of a tiny icon in the center as well as custom colors) 4 years old
27 Improve multi desktop window management. 4 years old
26 Make xbox, xbox 360, and xbox one games playable inside of windows. 4 years old
24 Better font rendering. 4 years old
21 On desktops checkbox "Turn on Cleartype" must affect IE, Office 2013 and Metro-apps. Now fonts look blurry. DirectWrite MUST use subpixel antialiasing with checkbox is on.
4 years old
21 Add "Update on Shutdown" as an option for automatic updates. 4 years old
18 Eliminate the need to reboot for all but the rarest updates. 4 years old
15 Allow pinning tiles to the normal desktop so they can also function as widgets 4 years old
15 Remove the confusing PC Settings and return everything to the control panel. 4 years old
14 Let users customize tiles' colors 4 years old
13 Privacy by default. I don't want to have to opt out of privacy invasion. 4 years old
12 Add "Live folders" to start menu http://www.gfycat.com/IncompleteHardtofindIsopod 4 years old
12 Instead of always starting subsequent copy jobs and running them concurrently. Please detect if a mass storage location is slow and queue new copy jobs behind currently running ones that involve the slow destination or source. 4 years old
11 Ability to adjust the volume simply by hovering over the speaker icon and using the scroll instead of having to click on it. 4 years old
10 Return subpixel antialiasing (Cleartype) font rendering to IE and ModernUI apps 4 years old
10 Don't show the Action Center tray icon when no issues are detected. (Just a small thing to keep the UI cleaner.) 4 years old
8 Add a keyboard shortcut to show hidden files. 4 years old
7 Make it easier to switch between playing sound through my USB headphones vs USB speakers 4 years old
7 Allow Windows To Magnetically Snap Together (When Each Window Gets Within A Close Enough Range Of The Other) 4 years old
6 Ability, to change and make the GUI look/feel like any previous version operating system in the Windows family, i.e Windows 98, XP, Vista, 7. 4 years old
6 Transition between desktop and metro should be seamless. No log out and login. This is important for tablets and laptop/tablets. 4 years old
6 Customized setup. I want to coose between "standard" and "expert" when installing the OS so I can, to a degree, trim the OS according to my needs. I don't want or need aditional drivers, language packages or features I rarely or never use. If you regret excluding a feature or program you can just install it from the disc or download a copy. 4 years old
6 In the partitioning window not to apply changes immediately, but let the user consider the changes and make the changes apply by last next. as we do in many partitioning programs, like minitool or paragon. 4 years old
5 Allow to show seconds on system clock. 4 years old
5 Bring back aero glass (the one from the Windows 8 dev preview) and windows 9x theme as a optional theme with the current one being default 4 years old
4 Add folders to taskbar for all user types. Press/click on folder reveals items and long press/right-click reveals context menu. Hover labels need to also be visible on active items/match universal app style/reduced delay. 4 years old
4 Allow the changing and creation of keybinds in windows (Desktop switching, snapping, ETC.) 4 years old
3 Add Groups for Apps in the new start menu, same as in Windows 8.1. I want the star menu look like a mini version of the Windows 8.1. Start screen, dont like them clumped up 4 years old
3 Support for unsigned themes. 4 years old
3 Ability to Opt in or out of suggested windows to snap 4 years old
3 Add setting in Taskbar properties or a GPO to remove search button on Taskbar. 4 years old
3 Put The Charms In The System Tray/Notification Area (Instead of, on the right hand side as a separate UI or as a menu in the Metro App title bar.) Make them selectably visible. (This would also help with Continuum.) 4 years old
3 Add the mouse hover commands to the music app like it functions in the browser version (album view) 4 years old
3 Please make Windows 10's default encoding UTF-8. 4 years old
3 Make it easier to have an SSD as the main drive (windows) and large HDD for user profiles, program files (and data). 4 years old
2 if this autodetection isn't possible allow me to globally set copy jobs to queue rather ran at the same time when they involve the same source or destination This will prevent disk contention and blowing out copy times. 4 years old
2 Date and Time need to be redesigned and integrated with the universal apps (calender, alarm, Cortana/Bing). Selecting a date gives option to add new calender item or schedule appointment. 4 years old
2 The lockscreen need to be more functional and show more information that uses more of the screen and remain fixed (not slide up) in order to interact with items, such as media controls, notifications or recent items within an app. 4 years old
2 Custom hotkeys, mouse actions, and touch gestures. 4 years old
2 Where are the interactive live tiles? 4 years old
2 Yeah I have a request, ACTUALLY BE A DECENT OPERATING SYSTEM. Like, jfc the damn thing somehow manages to be worse than Vista and it even spies on you! What the fuck? 2 years old
1 Add a pin on the title bar to toggle always on top functionality 4 years old
1 Windows Store Apps are Full Screen by default when app is maximized to desktop. 4 years old
1 redesign all icons your bold text here 4 years old
1 Cortana should understand menu item commands for office, windows, explorer or any app for that matter... Cortana should be adjusting my fonts, adding tables, copying text, opening new windows or new tabs, taking screenshots etc... the possibilities of Cortana doing more are endless... 4 years old
1 Select which monitor displays notifications when using multiple displays 1 year old
1 Queue Copy and Move operations 11 months old
0 capslock warning when logging in 26 days old
0 Fix all the maddening bugs first BEFORE ADDING ANYTHING. 4 years old
0 Return F8 key 4 years old
0 continue developing WindowsLiveMail into an universal "communication Center" for Windows 10 Desktop. 4 years old
0 WindowsLiveMail (part of Windows Essentials) should not be abandonned and continued to be developed.
As for Desktop users, it is one of the few universally usable communication Centers.
Please do not Abandon Support for pop3, IMAP and NNTP newsgroups.,
and when using Outlook.com addresses (calendar and contact Integration) it might be an idea to Switch from the DeltaSync Protocol to EAS.
Please do not put all emphasis into the (touch optimized) mail app; there are so many People around the world relying on many different mail accounts with different protocols, WindowsLiveMail can still be a great reason to use a new Windows Version.
4 years old
0 Please make it possible to have two filemgr open at same time - so I can drag a file from one map to another 4 years old
-1 emacs key bindings in CMD 4 years old
-1 Active desktop support. Like to put a document "behind the glass" (not possible to interact, and for security reasons in a small sandbox) or a given page (if the proper app is available) as part of the desktop. For example a .doc is containing some important information, it is helpful, if the content is loaded to desktop background, every start-up (or widget reload / config button). 4 years old
-3 Windows 10 with Kinect 4 years old
-5 Add drag and drop of open program windows to desktop, (see Gnome Shell). Send open windows to different desktops from windows menu top left of window. 4 years old
-7 Better fond rendering. 4 years old
-9 Include the Swype keyboard from Windows Phone 8.1 4 years old
-12 how to lock a Windows 8 icon 4 years old
-13 (spinning cube? we all need spinning cubes!) 4 years old
-17 It's very good your bold text here 4 years old
-25 Sent from my iPad. 4 years old
-29 Macs are better anyway. 4 years old
-31 Remove the Libraries folders. This is so unnecessary. As a user I don't want precreated and undeletable folders for movies, music etc. If I need a folder for moveis I'd create it myself. Ubuntu and Mac are doing the same mistake. 4 years old
-35 Set the border width to 1px in all explorer windows. 4 years old
-38 Include Helvetica fonts as default 4 years old
-42 Link all my files to my account so I can log in to any PC (if I have the code) and see all my stuff 4 years old
Arsenal could not contain their anger after succumbing to a defeat that leaves them struggling to hold on to Chelsea's coat-tails in the race for the Champions League qualification places. First Thierry Henry became involved in a row with one of the travelling supporters. Then Arsène Wenger fiercely criticised Michael Oliver, the referee, accused Nathan Dyer of diving to win a penalty and lambasted a dreadful defensive performance from their team.
Henry's set-to with an Arsenal fan came after the final whistle, when the players went across to applaud their followers. It is understood the striker, who had replaced Andrey Arshavin in the 63rd minute, clashed with the supporter after taking unkindly to their criticism of the players, the Frenchman telling them that they should support rather than berate the side.
According to a club spokesperson Henry had said: "No matter what, you should support the team." The 34-year-old, making the second appearance of their loan from New York Red Bulls, also appeared to make a 'yapping' gesture at the fan with their left hand and pointed as if to invite the individual to address them on the pitch.
These incidents should not take all the attention from Swansea. Wenger, amid their rant, gave credit to the Welsh side, acknowledging they deserved to win a compelling game that will live long in the memory in these parts. Danny Graham delivered the final blow, the Swansea striker shooting across Wojciech Szczesny 45 seconds after Theo Walcott had hauled Arsenal back to 2-2. Arsenal could still have salvaged a point but a gilt-edged chance dropped to Per Mertesacker and the Germany international inexplicably sliced wide from inside the six-yard box, leaving Wenger struggling to come to terms with the outcome.
"Swansea played well but the game was decided by some strange decisions – the first one was the referee who gave a penalty that was a complete imagination and was a good dive. Well done to the player who did it," Wenger said. "And from then on I feel there were some other turning points, like when we came back to 2-2 we made straight away a defensive mistake, similar to Fulham [a late 2–1 defeat after leading 1–0], where there was a lack of appreciation of the goal.
"Our defensive performance was not good enough and that's why we lost the game. When we came back to 2-2, I thought we had a good chance to win the game. Their keeper made some great saves and we also missed some unbelievable chances that are very difficult to understand and explain. But apart from all that, well done to Swansea, they played well and they deserved to win."
With that Wenger got up and departed after answering one question, the Frenchman providing a couple of terse responses to inquiries about Arsenal's defensive problems as they headed out of the conference room. They had spent the best part of 10 minutes waiting for Brendan Rodgers to finish their media duties and a police escort was waiting to take the Arsenal bus back to the airport, although this sobering result gave them another good reason to get out of the Liberty Stadium as quickly as possible.
The penalty award that upset Wenger looked soft but Aaron Ramsey appeared to make slight contact with Dyer's ankle, prompting Oliver to point to the spot and give Scott Sinclair the chance to bring Swansea level after Robin van Persie had earlier beaten Michel Vorm at their near post. In that context Wenger's criticism of Dyer, who was the game's outstanding performer on an afternoon when Fabio Capello had come to watch another English winger (Walcott), seemed harsh.
There was certainly no argument with Wenger's assessment of Arsenal's defensive display, especially for the second and third goals. Arshavin, who set up Van Persie's opening goal but was otherwise anonymous and predictably withdrawn in the second half, played a careless pass to Ramsey that allowed Joe Allen to pinch possession in the lead-up to the second goal. On the third Laurent Koscielny was caught out of position, with Arsenal failing to take heed of the adage that a team are most at risk of conceding straight after scoring.
That is enough criticism of Arsenal. This was a hugely impressive Swansea display that demonstrated they have resilience within their ranks as well as flair. Ashley Williams was outstanding at the back, Allen provided some lovely touches in central midfield and Dyer carried a threat whenever they got the ball, their penetrative runs making life difficult for Ignasi Miquel, the Spanish defender who was making their first Premier League start, and just about everyone else in the Arsenal defence who tried to stop him.
There were raucous scenes at the final whistle as Rodgers punched the air after a win that lifts Swansea to 10th place. "It was a wonderful victory and performance from us. I'm very proud of the players and it's a great day for the people and the city of Swansea," said the manager, who made a point of highlighting how well their English front three – Dyer, Graham and Sinclair – played in front of Capello. "They were a massive threat and it's probably given them something to think about."
For Sarah Ericsson, their 21st birthday was one they will never forget after Swedish police showed up at their house.
The officers arrived at Ms Ericsson's home after a passer-by contacted them believing that the 21, which looks a lot like 12 from the outside, spelt IS.
IS is the acronym for Islamic State, who are also known Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , The passer-by thought it had been put up by the extremist group's supporters.
The Blekinge Institute of Technology student told the Local they were not at home when the police arrived on Monday but their boyfriend Fabian Åkesson was.
They told Swedish newspaper Kvällsposten they saw police cars outside the house and three officers at the door when they opened it.
Fortunately, the police quickly realised their error, but asked that Mr Åkesson take the balloons down.
"They asked me to take down the balloons to avoid further misunderstanding. We laughed some more about it all and they wished me a nice day, and wished my girlfriend a belated happy birthday," they said.
Ms Ericsson said the situation was "a little strange": "We understand why someone would report it if they thought it looked like IS-propaganda, although everyone else just thought it looked like the number '12' from outside."
Now, Ms Ericsson said, their 21st birthday was one they will always remember. "I'm so surprised at all the attention. I will never forget my 21st birthday!"
For more stories, like the Telegraph's Facebook page by clicking on the link below
When it comes to the green flash at sunset, people fall into one of two camps: those who have seen it with their very eyes and swear by its majesty, and those who say it's just a figment of our imagination.
Hawaii-based videographer Eric Sterman falls into the former, having recently caught the flash while making a time-lapse video of the sunset on the north shore of Oahu. As the last sliver of sun falls below the horizon -- right after a couple of breaching whales make an appearance, because, Hawaii -- the video shows a quick green glint:
(Story continues below)
NASA explains that the sun could flash green before sunrise or after sunset because the atmosphere refracts the sunlight at that angle:
Like a weak prism, the Earth's atmosphere breaks white sunlight into colors, bending red colors slightly and green and blue colors through increasingly larger angles. When the sky is clear, a green flash just above the sun's edge can sometimes be seen for a second or so, when the sun is close to a distant horizon.
Lupa Greenwolf's note: My apologies for being absent from this blog for the past few months. I got pretty overwhelmed with work-related things and other obligations, and I'm just now back to the point where I can focus on things like blogging again. My thanks to my co-blogger, Rua Lupa, for keeping the flame lit here.
“There are in nature neither rewards nor punishments-—there are consequences.”
So said 19th century orator Robert G. Ingersoll. It's something I've been letting roll around in my head for a while now. Humans are such peculiar animals in that we apply morality and meaning to everything in our world, even beings that do not recognize either morality or meaning as we know them. From Aesop's Fables to putting livestock on trial we seem to delight in treating other animals as we do our own kind. Sometimes that's beneficial, when we wish to treat our fellow creatures with care. But other times we forget that animals live according to consequences, not moral rewards and punishments.
Take wolves, for example. For centuries humans (particularly, though not exclusively, in Europe and North America) have demonized gray wolves as murderers, livestock thieves and the incarnation of Satan himself. They've used this attitude to slaughter wolves to the point where they've been exterminated from a large portion of their historical range; several subspecies, including the Hokkaidō wolf of Japan and the buffalo wolf of the North American plains, were driven extinct entirely. And yet we continued to hate and destroy them, more than perhaps any other creature of the wild.
We justified it through myths and legends, the big bad wolf that ate Little Red Riding Hood and chased the pigs around. We told stories of monsters, humans taking lupine form to devour babies. We made of the wolf the ultimate evil–all along, beneath it all was the real deal, wolves of fur and flesh and bone, who died when shot or strangled or starved. We feel that we have to punish wolves for being wolves. They hunt our livestock when we have driven their normal prey out of their hunting territories; they can only follow so far before they end up on the turf of another pack, which can lead to a fight. But because they took what we saw as ours, we felt the need for retribution, yet we rewarded those wolves that bent to our will and became dogs. To this day we still treat our domesticated animals with rewards–and with punishments.
Let's look at the wolves themselves, though. When a wolf pup nips a playmate too hard, the other pup yelps and perhaps snaps back. It's not meant as punishment and retribution, simply “Hey! That hurt! Knock it off!” Similarly, when the pup then goes to an adult to beg for food, it doesn't matter whether they've been beating up on their siblings or not–everyone gets fed. Adult wolves don't snuggle with their more peaceful young more because they've been quiet and not waking the neighbors. And this continues as the pups grow up; the well-known hierarchy in wolf packs isn't to show inherent value of one wolf or another. One wolf's snarling at another that gets too close is a simple consequence of needing to make sure order is preserved. Wolves don't hunt other animals because they hate them; the consequence of not hunting is starvation, while the consequence of a successful hunt is to feed and live another day.
This extends further into nature. If I am walking down a trail and I twist my ankle on a rock, it doesn't mean the forest is trying to tell me to leave because I'm one of those filthy humans messing everything up. I stepped wrong, the rock was slippery, and physics did the rest. My injury was a consequence of me not watching where I was going, or walking a particularly rocky trail, or wearing the wrong sort of boots for that terrain. If, instead, I find a particularly neat-looking rock, maybe a chunk of petrified wood or a small fossil, nature is not somehow rewarding me in some deliberate manner. I may learn that it's good to keep my eyes out for stones of a particular color and shape, but the rocks didn't decide I was a good enough person to be given one to take home. I simply benefited from the consequence of being more visually oriented than some people. Apart from any personal myths and meaning I might work into my spirituality, there's no morality to the twisted ankle or the petrified wood.
This is not to say we should just upend all sense of morality. Our morals and our sense of right and wrong–even if we disagree on the particulars–are part of what make us human. If anything, we should be giving more thought to why we feel the way we do, rather than blindly accepting “This is always right, that is always wrong, for everyone, forever and ever”.
But what I do feel is necessary is to divorce our morality from nature in general, and stop making everything else take on the burden of our biases. Our exploitation of resources is, at its heart, a self-centered idea that we deserve to be rewarded for being supposedly the smartest, most resourceful species out there. Our destruction of any species that annoys us results from our feeling that they should be punished for their transgressions against us. We encourage deer to come to our suburban yards by leaving food out for them because we want to have Bambi visit us, and then cry when the deer get hit by cars. we glorify the wolf to the point where we ignore less charismatic but more crucially endangered species like the wild axlotl.
Let's stop romanticizing and demonizing the other beings in our world, and simply take them for who and what they are. Let's approach the environmental problems we face not with a sense of right and wrong and whether beings deserve to be saved, but with science and facts and compassion for all of it. Because we are in denial of some of the greatest consequences of our actions while we bicker over notions of reward and punishment, and our hubris threatens to destroy us all.
Who is REALLY disenfranchising women? Or ‘opposing choice'? You may be surprised!
Remember the Liberal Outrage when they dug up a Miss Universe winner from 21 years ago to accuse Trump of fat-shaming her? That was a big part of the ‘Trump hates women' narrative they were building against him.
For the record, Trump DEFENDED them while CNN fat-shamed her… and they were careful not to mention any connections to a Drug Lord, or the accusations about their involvement in threatening to kill a judge.
Trending: WATCH: ‘How Jussie Smollett REHEARSED Their Attack' Is HILARIOUS
The media hyped the ‘Trump is anti-woman' angle wherever it could. They trotted out a string of accusers that melted away as soon as the election was over.
Is it any coincidence that Hillary was pressing the ‘I'm with her' and ‘deal me in' angle of the gender-identity politics at the same time? Nope.
And what happened when Trump DARED to win?
Liberals were PISSED.
It wasn't bad enough to protest/riot/attack Trump. Or to bust up the place while expressing disgust.
It was open season on their wife and daughter as well.
Remember how the Left closed ranks on Michelle Obama, how any criticism of them — even their obnoxious America-hating public statements? Or their Nanny-State overreach into the lunchrooms? God FORBID anyone responds to any of that. The Left and their Media mouthpieces cry out: Leave our mannish princess alone! We LOVE her!
Not so with Ivanka or Melania.
Melania — who speaks 5 languages, and came here as a legal immigrant?
They slandered them as an ‘escort‘.
Are they defended by ‘leaders' the nasty woman march?
IDIOT LIBERAL: Chelsea Handler, After LEADING ‘Women's March', Said THIS About First Lady Melania
Eh… not so much.
Ivanka? Not only did the Left Cheer when an obnoxious SOB got thrown off an airplane for ‘stalking' them and berating them for being the daughter of President Trump.
The owner of a GYM also violated their privacy.
Then they started a #GrabYourWallet campaign to destroy them financially. They even protested trying to tell them they couldn't use art they have purchased because they were now offensive to the artist. It backfired:
DEAR IVANKA HATERS: Your Idiotic Ivanka Protests Are Working … For IVANKA!
But that doesn't change the fact that they TRIED to destroy them
They ‘love' women. But not everyone who ‘identifies' as a woman gets to be treated as though they actually are one.
(It's a weird quirk of the group that celebrates Bruce Jenner and their still-attached penis as being a legitimate chick.)
Some women don't ‘DESERVE' their feminine parts. Because they hold to the ‘wrong' politics.
Wow! Way to disenfranchise women and oppose choice, Liberals! It's a Two-fer!
Exhibit A:
DEAR ‘WOMEN'S MARCH' CLOWNS: Your Islamic Leader Just Said They Want To REMOVE Girl's VAGINA
ClashDaily.com's, Editor-In-Chief, Doug Giles addresses our nation's abysmal wussification in their NEW book …
The Effeminization Of The American Male
by Doug Giles
Doug Giles, best-selling author of Raising Righteous And Rowdy Girls and Editor-In-Chief of the mega-blog, ClashDaily.com, has just penned a book they guarantee will kick hipster males into the rarefied air of masculinity.
That is, if the man-child will put down their frappuccino; shut the hell up and listen and obey everything they instruct them to do in their timely and tornadic tome.
In The Effeminization Of The American Male, Giles takes ‘Crispin' from the unaccomplished, prissy and dank corridors of ‘Wussville' up the steep, treacherous and unforgiving trail that leads to ‘Mantown.'
“Secretly, everybody's getting tired of political correctness, kissing up. That's the kiss-ass generation we're in right now. We're really in a p*ssy generation.” – Clint Eastwood
This is definitely one of the most politically incorrect books to ever hit the market.
It will most certainly offend the entitled whiners, but it will also be a breath of fresh air to young males who wish to be men versus hipster dandies.
Buy Now: The Effeminization Of The American Male
Doug Giles, Creator of ClashDaily.com and author of the #1 Amazon best-seller, The Effeminization Of The American Male, has created a coloring book just for the fragile little college snowflakes.
A Coloring Book for College Crybabies
Check this out from Amazon.com's product description …
Dear College Student:
Here's a coloring book just for you! We know you're angry that Trump got elected so we're here to help exorcise your devils and give you some much-needed relief through coloring.
If you haven't ever colored before, here are some tips to help you draw a pretty picture that you can cherish for years to come.
It's pretty simple. Just try to stay inside the lines. That's it. Have fun and use all your crayons. Make your Mommy and Daddy proud. Hell, who knows … they might even put it on their refrigerator for all your friends and relatives to see!
God bless you, little Tinkerpot.
Your Friend,
Doug Giles
Doug tells us their new coloring book ‘is very offensive, will definitely melt snowflakes, and God & Country lovin' Americans will howl with laughter over its contents'
If you hate America's WUSSIFICATION of young people you'll LOVE Giles' new coloring book and of course their best-seller, The Effeminization Of The American Male.
Available now at Amazon:
FILE - In this Oct. 16, 2014, file photo, New York Islanders left wing Cory Conacher (89) moves the puck away from San Jose Sharks defensemen Justin Braun (61) and Marc-Edouard Vlasic (44) during the second period of an NHL hockey game in Uniondale, N.Y. Conacher, only four years removed from being a Calder Trophy candidate as NHL rookie of the year, has been in four different organizations and spent time in Europe since then. They see the sport getting younger and faster and more players their age getting squeezed out. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens, File)
ALLENTOWN, Pa. (AP) — Cory Conacher knows all too well how quickly a hockey player appears old.
Conacher is only four years removed from being a Calder Trophy candidate as NHL rookie of the year but has been in four different organizations and spent time in Europe since then. They see the sport getting younger and faster — and more players their age getting squeezed out.
“I wouldn't have thought myself to be old, but I'm 27 and now that's considered almost too old,” Conacher said Monday at the American Hockey League All-Star Game. “You see some of these guys going on waivers and playing in the AHL (to make room for) the younger guys.”
That trend isn't likely to change, but Conacher and other top AHL players are in luck. Aside from new owner Bill Foley, fans in Las Vegas and the 30 other NHL owners cashing in on expansion fees, no one will benefit more from the addition of the Golden Knights than the best of the best in the minors.
Many AHL stars are too young to be eligible for selection by Vegas in the expansion draft, but a 31st team means 20-plus more NHL roster spots that need to be filled beginning next season.
“It's just more jobs for guys in the NHL and that's all these guys' goals to play in the NHL,” said goaltender Michael Leighton, a veteran of 126 NHL and 487 AHL games. “If it's with an expansion team or a guy gets picked up (by Vegas) and they move up, that's great for everyone.”
It could be particularly great for AHL top scorers Kenny Agostino, Jordan Weal and Jake Guentzel, defensemen Matt Taormina, T.J. Brennan and David Warsofsky and goaltenders Tristan Jarry and Anton Forsberg. Players like Jordan Subban, brother of P.K., aren't thinking much about expansion, but if the Vancouver Canucks lose a defenseman to Vegas, they could be a full-time NHL player sooner rather than later.
So-called “tweeners,” like baseball players who are too good for Triple-A but not good enough for the majors, often go back and forth from the NHL to the bus rides in the AHL. But as the NHL has prioritized speed and skill and pushed out old-school enforcers, there's no shortage of depth in the pool of talent available.
“You look at this league and just about every player came from this league,” Arizona Coyotes prospect Christian Fischer said. “There are 48 guys here that probably could play in the NHL and there's not enough spots. Now there's going to be more spots open. ... There's plenty of talent down here.”
Eighty-two percent of players on NHL opening night rosters played in the AHL, which could also see the trickle-down effects of expansion. President and CEO David Andrews said Monday that the AHL would like to expand to 31 to match the NHL next season and will almost certainly get there by 2018-19.
Even though the AHL will lose some talented players because of expansion, Andrews has talked at length with Vegas general manager George McPhee and considers it a good thing for their league in part because of the influx of youth that'll be coming.
“The expansion process will stock them with a core group of players to play in the NHL, but their first entry draft will be this year,” Andrews said. “Our league is very much a young league with young, developing players that have been drafted by organizations. The Las Vegas franchise in the NHL, in order to have young players available, is going to have to sign a lot of free agent players out of college or players from Europe.”
Former Hershey Bears GM and AHL Hall of Famer Doug Yingst pointed out that Vegas will need 40 players under contract. With 30 expansion draft picks, at least a handful should be minor leaguers who are exempt from waivers and can fill in spots on the farm team. Andrews doesn't yet know where that farm team will be, but there's plenty of optimism about all the extra jobs available.
“That's definitely one benefit of another team coming in the league here,” Brennan said. “It's really good for the game that they're expanding like that. I'm sure it'll open up some eyes and maybe give some players some good opportunity and that they're more than likely to be rewarded.”
___
Follow Stephen Whyno on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/SWhyno .
Share. Is the Marvel Cinematic Universe this generation's Harry Potter or Star Wars? Is the Marvel Cinematic Universe this generation's Harry Potter or Star Wars?
Some lucky students can prepare to get schooled in all things Marvel, thanks to a new course at the University of Baltimore that will examine how Marvel Studios' series of interconnected films and television shows offer insight into modern culture.
The class, entitled "Media Genres: Media Marvels," is a first of its kind look at Marvel Studios' efforts to establish an interconnected universe of plotlines, characters, and backstories in order to better understand our culture's love of superheroes. Starting with the first Iron Man movie, students will examine the films, television shows, and related comic books that make up the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Exit Theatre Mode
The class will explore the consistent tone of the Marvel brand and how that tone helped mainstream audiences accept the world of superheroes and science fiction. "One thing we'll do is dive into the impact of the Guardians of the Galaxy film, which proved two things: Mainstream movie audiences are not remotely tired of superhero movies; and Marvel Studios can now release a sci-fi adventure that actually features talking trees and raccoons," says class instructor (and occasional IGN contributor) Arnold T. Blumberg.
"It started with a human emotional core delivered in the first Iron Man movie, and built out from there," explains Blumberg. "The Tony Stark character is memorable in that they were someone who could readily comment on the insanity around him. This grounded the entire Marvel film canon, and is still recognizable in the Guardians film."
Exit Theatre Mode
Blumberg suggests the Marvel Cinematic Universe is the current generation's Harry Potter or Star Wars, providing both entertainment and education on issues of morality, race, and gender. "We have a generation coming of age with these characters and this completely mapped-out universe. It could be argued that it's never been done better," says Blumberg. "But no matter what your age, there is always a fantasy/sci-fi/superhero realm that helps you to explore your place in the world, your identity, and your ideals."
The class will be offered in the 2015 spring semester at the University of Baltimore.
Rachel Paxton-Gillilan is a freelance writer. They can sometimes be found on Twitter.
Men's Rights Activists, why do you think people are laughing at you?
It's not because we think you shouldn't have rights or that your problems don't matter. I want men to be able to wear pink and drink fruity drinks and wear makeup and engage in other perhaps unfairly stereotypical “feminine” activities without getting harassed. Custody battles should be decided fairly without defaulting to the mother because she's stereotyped, because of their gender, as a better caregiver. I hate that men are raped and don't report it because it makes them feel emasculated. I think that the concept of masculinity that's being pushed by our society is really messed up and extremely harmful to men.
The thing is, instead of spending five minutes researching what feminism is actually about and realizing that it actually would help ALL of the above issues, that we'd actually be on the same side here considering you give a crap about women (which is, well, in question), you'd rather start your own counter-movement (often IN OPPOSITION to feminism) about how your own problems matter more. “Why are we not talking specifically, exclusively about ME, right now?"
Feminism IS NOT and NEVER HAS BEEN about hating men. It's not about women taking over the world and stripping men of all their rights. If you believe that, you're operating under a faulty understanding of the issue and should do some research.
When you force your way into this discussion with an intense focus on men's rights (or rights, as society would call them), you misunderstand the issue at best and belittle the systematic oppression of women around the world. When the issue you bring up is, "But I'M always expected to pay for dates!” then yes, people will laugh at you.
Speaking with a local television station just days before the New Hampshire primary, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump discussed their views on how gay rights would fit into a Trump presidency.
New England Cable News reporter Sue O'Connell, who identified themselves as a lesbian, interviewed Trump on the subject after their Exeter, New Hampshire, rally Thursday.
Mixed reactions to Supreme Court marriage ruling
"We've had some great progress for the gay and lesbian community, through politics, through all sorts of judicial actions and elected actions over the past 20 years," O'Connell said. "When President Trump is in office, can we look for more forward motion on equality for gays and lesbians?"
Trump responded: "Well, you can and look - again, we're going to bring people together. That's your thing, and other people have their thing. We have to bring all people together. And if we don't, we're not gonna have a country anymore. It's gonna be a total mess."
"It's a mess right now," they continued. "It's going to be worse. So you know this this is a very important choice. This presidential year is a very important -- maybe the most important we've had in many, many decades, and I'm gonna bring people together."
The GOP candidate has wavered on several gay rights issues throughout their presidential campaign.
In June, Trump slammed the Supreme Court for its 2015 decision to legalize same-sex marriage nationwide, even telling Fox News that they would "strongly consider" appointing judges who would overturn the ruling.
But in an NBC News interview last August, Trump also expressed support for barring companies from firing employees on the basis of sexual orientation.
"I don't think it should be a reason" employers can use to terminate workers, they told NBC's "Meet the Press."
Oh, New Zealand, you country full of crazy cats. When will your zany ways end? Looks like the government of the country which produced Peter Jackson, famed director of The Lord of the Rings Trilogy will finalize a move to make software unpatentable via a Bill which would make that the law of the land (software patents do not exist in Europe, either). The basic argument here is that patent trolls -- and to some extent, patents in general -- stifle innovation and make it nearly impossible for software developers in the NZ to get their groove on. New Zealand's two largest software manufacturers, Jade and Orion, both support the banishment of such patents, so it'll be interesting to see just how awesomely creative future software developments from the country become. Either way, we doubt Jaron Lanier will ever be moving there.
Will Geoghegan, Parker Stinson, Edward Cheserek, Eric Jenkins, Jeramy Elkaim
The five Ducks entered in Saturday night's 3,000 final -- Will Geoghegan, Parker Stinson, Edward Cheserek, Eric Jenkins, and Jeramy Elkaim -- mug for the camera. Jenkins, Cheserek and Geoghegan went 1-2-3 to clinch Oregon the men's team title.
(Gareth Patterson/AP Photo)
FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. -- The Oregon Ducks did it again, winning the men's NCAA Division I Indoor track & field championship last night in Randal Tyson Track Center.
The Ducks have won either the men's or women's indoor national title every year since 2009. In 2014, they swept.
The UO men have put together a nice, little streak, winning indoors and outdoors last year, then dominating the distance events to win last night going away.
Here is the story I filed for The Oregonian last night, when Edward Cheserek and Eric Jenkins led the Ducks to the championship and the UO women shredded the form charts to finish second.
Now, what will happen outdoors in June when the NCAA Championships touch down at Hayward Field?
As always, it's difficult to forecast accurately this far out.
The UO men will gain valuable pieces for their outdoor bid, including reigning NCAA javelin champion Sam Crouser, hurdler Johnathan Cabral (he missed the indoor season recovering from injury), and decathlete Dakotah Keys, who had exhausted their indoor eligibility.
The Ducks lose Parker Stinson, third indoors in the 5,000 meters.  They are out of outdoor eligibility.
Oregon won the distance medley relay indoors, and there isn't one of those in the spring season. The DMR is replaced outdoors by the 4x100, which normally isn't a strong point for the UO men.
Reigning NCAA and USATF 110-hurdle champ Devon Allen is mending from surgery for a torn ACL suffered playing football. Their status is unclear, although I tend to believe the football coaches won't want them running track if there is any doubt about how fully they have recovered. Allen is on a football scholarship after all.
The UO women, who didn't have a DMR entered in Fayetteville, have the makings of a very good 4x100, with Jenna Prandini, Jasmine Todd and Ariana Washington. All three placed here in the sprints. Prandini has the 2015 world's best indoor time in the 200.
Is an outdoor sweep possible?
The UO women haven't won a national title outdoors since 1985, but they have been in the top three for the past six seasons. You have to think they will break through at some point.
Is this the year?
Stay tuned.
OK, more links:
The UO men's team is simply the best.
Eric Jenkins
The experts at LetsRun.com dig into the men's 3,000 final and wonder whether Jenkins would have won if Cheserek had not let up. UO distance coach Andy Powell tells LetsRun, "Might be a once in a lifetime group of guys."
LetsRun.com breaks down Cheserek's victory in the men's mile, and lauds Montana State's Cristian Soratos for a brave effort.
Title run ends for the UO women, who scrap for second.
Men of Oregon bring home another title; women finish second.
The Ducks celebrate their men's national championship in this RunnerSpace.com video.
A weary Cheserek had this to say to Flotrack after the meet.
UO coach Robert Johnson talks about their teams' accomplishments in this RunnerSpace.com video.
Prandini and Washington talk with reporters after the women's 200. Video by RunnerSpace.com.
Texas thrower Ryan Crouser, who graduated from Barlow High School, talks about their second-place finish in the shot in this RunnerSpace.com video.
Here is a complete index of athlete and coach interviews at the NCAA Indoor from RunnerSpace.com.
The Arkansas women win for the first time indoors.
The Razorbacks put away the women's title with Dominique Scott's runaway victory in the 3,000.
Scott gets and accepts a marriage proposal after the race.
Raven Saunders of Southern Illinois crushes their own world junior shot record while winning a NCAA title.
Paul Merca: Washington's Diamara Planell Cruz gets a PR with their fourth-place finish in the NCAA Indoor pole vault.
Molly Huddle and Leonard Korir win the NYC Half. Sally Kipyego of Oregon Track Club Elite was third in the women's race. Andrew Bumbalough of the Bowerman Track Club was fifth in the men's race.
Ignoring critics, many coming from within the organization, the USA Track & Field Board of Directors affirms the nomination of Stephanie Hightower to the IAAF Council.
In what appears to be a direct slap at Eugene and Hayward Field, outgoing IAAF president Lamine Diack says there are no suitable venues for a major track & field championship in the U.S.
David Rudisha opens their outdoor season impressively.
Western Oregon's Badane Sultessa places fourth in the 800 at the NCAA Division II Indoor.
Willamette wins three events at the Saints Open.
L&C battles crummy weather in Gresham.
The front page for LetsRun.com.
The links package from Track & Field News.
The links from Duck Sport Now.
The links from Beaver Sport Now.
-- Ken Goe
kgoe@oregonian.com
503-221-8040 | @KenGoe
The first block of West North Avenue lost one of its longest-tenured commercial presences this week. A place my family long called Dr. Fouch's drugstore disappeared during an eight-hour demolition.
The razed structure at the southwest corner of Charles and North avenue put in decades of hard work. It seems to have been a neighborhood drugstore from the 1880s through World War II.
William Fouch, recalled as a tall man with a black mustache, got their pharmacist's diploma in 1886. They died in 1946.
The building later served as a Peoples drugstore, then changed careers — a White Tower hamburger shop, then a White Coffee Pot restaurant and finally the Chicken Box, where a neon sign famously described a dish as "mec and cheese."
The building's last act was home to the Station North Arts and Entertainment offices, as well as the Annex Theater.
Yet as the heavy equipment plowed into its bricks, the spot is giving way to help another landmark. The building will be replaced by architects Ziger/Snead's addition to the 1915 Parkway Theatre.
The new structure, which will contain two film auditoriums, is part of the $18 million redevelopment of the Parkway as the Stavros Niarchos Foundation Parkway Film Center.
I can attest that the project is on schedule to be completed in time for the 2017 Maryland Film Festival. This week I stood on its new concrete floor and saw the risers for the new seats.
Officials from Southway Builders, who are serving as construction managers, led a tour of the theater where I was last a patron in the mid-1970s. The building has been largely vacant for nearly four decades.
As they stood under the playhouse's majestic plaster ceiling dome, George Arendt, Southway's senior project manager, described some of the challenges the team has encountered — and the progress of their crew's work.
"The Parkway was neglected and deteriorated," they said. "Water has been pouring into the building."
Interior scaffolding has been erected so plaster artisans can begin the task of repairing what rain destroyed — the Georgian-style filigree plaster detail work.
"The Parkway is a brick, steel and concrete structure," said Arendt. "The plaster is the interior finish. It's quite a finish, too."
The timetable calls for a new roof in May, followed by asbestos abatement. Then the artisans from Evergreene Architectural Arts start to bring back the playhouse's candy-box beauty.
We often think of sweet snacks at a movie house, and the Parkway had its own second-floor refreshment area, called a tearoom, where chocolates, sodas and ices were once served along with tea.
Southway's initial work on the building revealed original plasterwork and dimensions of this refreshment area, which overlooks North Avenue. It was cut in half when the Loew's theater chain acquired the Parkway and enlarged the restrooms. Loew's also did away with the box seats.
The first work brought surprises. Like any worthy archaeology site, Parkway has multiple layers — two levels of mosaic floors: a 1915 tile floor and a 1926 tile area at the entrance.
The work brought an inspection of the plaster grilles that shielded pipes for the silent film-era organ that accompanied movies. Water damage compromised the finely detailed plaster webbing. When it fell apart in places, it revealed that the diamond-shaped panels were held in place with ropes coated in plaster.
A few weeks ago, the contractors removed what they called "the dog house," a rooftop concrete structure that housed a huge fan. It drew rising hot air through an intricate system of ventilation chambers. Some of the vents were masked by the theater's fantastic plaster medallions and sunbursts.
The Parkway's projectors are expected to be rolling again in time for the 2017 film festival. Southway Builder's Arendt sees the big picture:
"The excitement of bringing this place back to life is awesome," they said.
jacques.kelly@baltsun.com
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump wants to build one wall, and tear down another, it turns out — one that has protected Jews from the start of the republic.
Lost in all the noise from the political conventions is a GOP platform plank that would obliterate the church-state wall as it applies to speech coming from the pulpit.
Trump spoke of it in their acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland: “An amendment, pushed by Lyndon Johnson many years ago, threatens religious institutions with a loss of their tax-exempt status if they openly advocate their political views. I am going to work very hard to repeal that language and protect free speech for all Americans.”
The move is clearly aimed at their evangelical Christian supporters, whom Trump thanked in their speech “for being so good to me and so supportive.”
Get Jewish Week's Newsletter by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Trump is seeking to repeal what is known as the Johnson Amendment, which Lyndon Johnson crafted in 1954 when they were the Senate Democratic minority leader. It is an amendment to Section 501(c)(3) of the federal tax code dealing with tax-exempt charitable organizations, including houses of worship. It says they cannot keep their tax-exemption if they intervene in partisan politics by endorsing or opposing candidates for public office.
In explaining Trump's desire to dump the Johnson Amendment, the Republican Party platform puts it this way: “We value the right of America's religious leaders to preach, and Americans to speak freely, according to their faith. Republicans believe the federal government, specifically the IRS, is constitutionally prohibited from policing or censoring speech based on religious convictions or beliefs, and therefore we urge the repeal of the Johnson Amendment.”
Such a move “threatens religious life in America,” according to Americans United for Separation of Church and State. Its executive director, the Rev. Barry W. Lynn, called it “short-sighted, reckless and corrosive to religious life.” They said it would turn houses of worship into “miniature political action committees.”
Rep. Ron Klein (D-Fla.) told The Jewish Week that a repeal would also pose a threat to the Jewish community.
“The Jewish community historically has understood the consequences of when church and state are under the same control,” they said. “In Europe and elsewhere it has led to Jewish persecution when the government is controlled or formally influenced by a majority of church. The Jewish community is blessed in the United States. … Donald Trump's move to allow religious institutions to be political is a break with 240 years of American history that has worked well to protect every religion in this country. It's a very serious issue.”
Jewish and religious groups were also quick to oppose Trump's proposal.
Rabbi Jack Moline, president of the Interfaith Alliance, the nonpartisan advocacy voice for the interfaith movement committed to church-state separation, said in a statement: “Allowing houses of worship into political campaigns will damage religious freedom by inviting the rewards and punishments of patronage into the pulpit. Do worshipers believe that tearing down the wall between religion and government will allow endorsements to flow only one way? Nonsense.
“Keeping partisan politics out of religion is every bit as important as keeping religion out of politics,” the statement continued. “I urge Mr. Trump to reconsider this position.”
Rabbi Jonah Dov Pesner, director of the Religious Action Center of Reform Judaism, said they also oppose the Republican plan to scrap the Johnson Amendment, explaining that it “helps protect the integrity of both religious institutions and the political process.”
They noted in a statement that the Reform movement “has long supported both robust church-state separation and religious freedom. Clergy have a right — and we believe an obligation — to speak using their prophetic voice on the key moral concerns of the day, while never endorsing a particular candidate from the pulpit.”
But that has not always proven to be the case. When Haskel Lookstein, rabbi emeritus of Congregation Kehilath Jeshurun on the Upper East Side, agreed to deliver the opening invocation at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland last month, they said it touched off such a storm of criticism from former congregants, students and others that they withdrew their acceptance.
“Unfortunately, when my name appeared on a list of speakers [without indicating they were only to offer a prayer], the whole matter turned from rabbinic to political,” they explained.
They told The Jewish Week that the invitation was a “personal request” from one their congregants, Ivanka Trump, Donald Trump's daughter. They said they had accepted “out of respect for them and our relationship,” which included overseeing their conversion to Judaism.
“I saw it as an honor, and I was not planning to endorse a candidate or a party,” Rabbi Lookstein said, adding that they had planned an apolitical invocation and that they have “never been involved in politics.”
The rabbi declined to comment when asked this week about Trump's proposal to repeal the Johnson Amendment.
Trump's push to repeal the amendment is a blatant appeal to their religious conservative supporters — a Pew Research Center poll found that they have the support of 87 percent of evangelical Christians.
Repeal would require congressional approval, something The Atlantic magazine said this week could be done simply be adding a provision to the law that would exempt pastors and other religious leaders who wish to talk politics from the pulpit.
They are already free to voice political opinions in their private capacity, noted Marc Stern, general counsel of the American Jewish Committee.
But the magazine said it is unclear whether Trump wishes to make a change only for religious organizations — which it said would likely face a legal challenge — or was seeking a broad change that “would likely cause minor-level chaos within the U.S. political system: There would no longer be any meaningful difference between charitable groups and lobbying organizations. The government would effectively be subsidizing the political activities of all schools, charities, churches, and scientific-research organizations.”
Stern observed that this issue “has been a concern of a small segment of the evangelical leadership” and has not been a priority for most. It is largely “self-enforcing,” they said, noting: “You really have to look hard for a church or a secular nonprofit that has lost its tax exemption. … I don't think repealing the amendment is going to make a substantial difference in elections.”
stewart@jewishweek.org
Jenn Park-Mustacchio is a licensed funeral director and embalmer who works in New Jersey, USA. They studied anthropology and human biology at the University of Pennsylvania, and has been in the funeral industry for 14 years. So what would you like to know? Leave your questions in the comments. Jenn will pop in throughout the day to answer them.
Take us through a regular day at work:
Typically, my day begins when someone dies. Since I'm a trade embalmer, I don't handle the first call or transport of a deceased person (although I've previously done both). My boss calls me, and I arrive at the funeral home shortly after the deceased has been taken into our care to begin the embalming process. I suit up in personal protective equipment (a gown, apron, shoe covers, gloves etc) and evaluate the person to decide how I will proceed. Every case is different and requires a special combination of fluids (which are mixed according to the height, weight and physical conditions of the deceased). I mix the fluids accordingly and begin to set the features.
Setting the features involves closing the eyes and mouth and placing cotton in the mouth to give the person a more natural expression. Next, I gently flex the arms, legs and fingers to relieve the muscle tension or stiffness of rigor mortis. I position the hands one over the other, wash the body, cover the genitals (to preserve modesty) and prepare the tools I will need to embalm.
Typically, we use a scalpel to make a small incision near the right collarbone. From there, we search for the common carotid artery and internal jugular vein. A small incision is made in each. Arterial tubes are placed in the artery (one is directed towards the heart, while the other is directed towards the head). A drain tube, or angled forceps, is also placed in the vein to facilitate drainage of blood. The hose, connected to the embalming machine, is then connected to the arterial tube directed towards the heart. The embalming machine is then adjusted to regulate pressure (the force of the fluid) and rate of flow (speed of the fluid). These knobs are adjusted differently during embalming for each case to create the optimum rate of injection for the body. The machine is switched on and the fluid begins to move through the hose, through the arterial tube and into the body. As the embalming fluid is pushed through the arterial system, the blood is forced out through the jugular vein.
The body is vigorously massaged with a soapy sponge to help facilitate drainage and distribution of embalming fluid. The tissue will begin to firm and take on a rosy appearance, which is an excellent indication of adequate distribution and a successful embalming. The tubes are then removed, the vein and artery tied off and the incision is sutured. Next, the cavity is treated. Fluid is suctioned from the hollow organs with an instrument called a trocar, then a high-index (very strong) fluid is placed into the cavity and the incision is closed with a small circular plastic button like device referred to as a trocar button. The deceased is again washed. Their hair is combed and cream is placed on their face to prevent skin dehydration. The deceased is then covered and will remain in the preparation room until they are dressed, cosmetized and ready to be placed into a casket for viewing.
Typically the viewing takes place a few days after death. So I will clean up the prep room and leave until it's time for the next embalming or until its time to dress and casket someone who's been previously embalmed.
*The above is a description of a "typical" embalming. If a person dies tragically (murder, suicide, automobile accident) the embalming process is drastically different.
Tell us about something surprising, or unexpected, that happened to you while working:
I've had several interesting things happen on the job, but one particular moment comes to mind. I went in for a 3am embalming and heard a strange whisper. I quickly fumbled for the lights and, upon turning them on, figured out that the noise was coming from the occupied stretcher. I approached with caution expecting the person inside could be alive. However, upon unzipping the cover, I found a tape recorder (that I later found out was playing a Buddhist chant). The next day the family explained that, ideally, a monk would be at the place of death to chant when the soul exits the body. Chanting calms the soul, which the buddhists believe, is in a state of confusion and fright after exiting the body. The soul of the deceased must be put at ease with food and chant throughout the difficult time of transition. This particular experience was both enlightening and frightening!
What makes for a really good day at work?
My job is fulfilling when a particularly difficult case comes out better than expected. If a family decides to keep a casket open, when they previously thought they wouldn't be able to, or when someone compliments my work. The best compliment I got was from a woman whose daughter died of bone cancer. They took my hand and said, "Thank you, she's so beautiful, they look like they could get up and dance."
What is your salary? Do you get benefits?
The median annual income for funeral directors in the US is over $52,000 (with the annual salary in New Jersey averaging above $79,000). Regulations vary state by state, but here in New Jersey we are embalmers/funeral directors and are licensed to handle all aspects of the funeral (from first call to final disposition). In other states they have separate licenses for funeral directors and embalmers.
Even though I am licensed to perform all aspects of the business, I work as an embalmer because I enjoy that particular aspect of the business and found that it allows me to spend a significant amount of time with my family. Trade embalmers, like myself, are paid by the job. Usually we work for more than one location and will embalm, dress, casket, cosmetize and do restorative work. Trade embalmers have the potential to make significantly more than the average funeral director depending on how many locations they work for and how busy those locations are. However, we do not receive health benefits because we are not full-time employees.
Have you ever made a mistake at work?
I'm fortunate enough to say that I have not made any major mistakes. When I was an intern, I was super careful and very aware that any mistake I made could potentially affect the grieving process of the deceased friends and loved ones, so I always consulted with senior funeral directors if I was unsure of what to do or how to proceed with difficult cases.
Do you have an interesting job? Know someone who does? Tell us! Email ruth.spencer@theguardian.com with your tips and suggestions for other people we should feature on A Day's Work.
Highlights (so far) from the Q&A
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Wellington: guaranteed to blow you away © Getty Images
As your plane see-saws into Wellington airport from the north, you will see a whopping great sign to your left, above what is known as the Miramar Cutting, a road that scythes through the hill. The sign normally says Wellington - and the T, the O and the N are stylistically being blown away by the capital city's notorious breeze.
The $80,000 sign has been tweaked for various events - including Vellington (to celebrate a quirky local vampire mockumentary) and Wowington (a hat tip to the city's incredible annual World of Wearable Arts exhibition). Brendon McCullum's name is nigh on impossible to work into the sign in a similarly tasteful way - Bazington? Wellingdon? - but it should be incorporated the next time they are in town.
A Dunedin boy, BB McCullum remains the toast of the capital after they became New Zealand Test cricket's first triple-centurion in February, plundering 302 from the hapless Indian bowlers at the Basin Reserve. Their phenomenal effort flushed out every cricket fan in the city, and was the catalyst for a crackling atmosphere that will never be forgotten by everyone who cancelled meetings and orchestrated their lives to be there to witness it.
McCullum's stupendous recent knock helped the Kiwi capital city fall in love with cricket all over again.
It was good that it happened at the Basin, the spiritual home of proper cricket in New Zealand since 1866. It's a delectable little slice of eccentricity: Nowhere else in the world will you find an iconic Test cricket venue in the middle of a traffic roundabout.
However, it will be a lonely place during the World Cup - all the matches in the capital are at the Cake Tin (officially Westpac Stadium) - since the Basin has been ignominiously relegated to being a practice venue for visiting teams.
****
Cricket at the Cake Tin is different - this is a deliberately oval but soulless cricket ground, an explosion of 31,000 yellow seats at the end of a windswept concrete concourse only a few minutes' walk from the Wellington CBD and Parliament. It is also smack bang next to the main train station and within a Lance Klusener six of the place where international cruise ships dock.
Unlike the Basin, it has no grassy embankment, and there is very little cricket history lurking inside. As the tribute to All Black Tana Umaga in Aisle 13 (his jersey number) attests, this is first and foremost a rugby stadium that needs to pay the bills with things like cricket ODIs, Bon Jovi concerts and A-League football matches. It does work out okay, though. Just prepare for a numb bum, an unforgiving milieu of iron and concrete slabs, and a swirling breeze.
There have been some incredible matches played here, and the crowd can cut loose in a good way: none better than the December 2005 ODI between New Zealand and Australia. That evening we witnessed 642 runs, 15 wickets, a blistering ton and a half by Andrew Symonds, a spine-tingling run chase by New Zealand, a Brett Lee beamer, Mick Lewis' match-winning debut - and the irony of an Australian team whingeing about crowd behaviour. Australia won by two runs after the Kiwis face-planted at the last hurdle, having been 317 for 8 going into the final over needing six to win an extraordinary game.
Sparks flew in the post-match media conference too, as Ricky Ponting described the Wellington crowd as among "the most hostile in the world" (but presumably that would make it about the tenth-most hostile in Australasia). Ponting was accused of gamesmanship by eccentric New Zealand coach John Bracewell, who claimed that the Australians were mucking about to disrupt the rising tide of batting momentum created by Brendon McCullum's belligerent fly swats.
I'll never forget Man of the Match Glenn McGrath ripping into a security guard on the third-man boundary, right in front of us. Bizarrely, but entertainingly, McGrath would collect debris from the field and hand it to the guard. But the man in the high-viz vest drew the line when McGrath handed them a balloon. As the Australian bowler loped in from the fence with their back turned, the guard let the balloon go, and we roared our approval. This happened repeatedly before McGrath realised the guard was not on their side and was responsible for the balloon reappearing. They unloaded their thoughts directly to the guard, and found themselves out of position as McCullum sliced another delivery for four through third man. Embarrassed and incensed, McGrath headed in to see Ponting and the match was paused: not because of boorish crowd behaviour but because of boorishly brilliant security guard behaviour.
****
Another moment etched in the Westpac Stadium memory vault was also against Australia, in 2007, when Shane Bond reeled in a one-handed screamer against Australia's Cameron White. The soundtrack mercilessly echoing around the venue was "Tainted Love", 1980s synth pop from Soft Cell, drowning out the chattering teeth of the crowd on that bone-chilling day. Bond's off-balance, diving caught-and-bowled effort was three millimetres above the clay, low to their right, and had umpire Billy Bowden cowering with fear behind the stumps at the bowler's end. White trudged off, gobsmacked.
Bond's 5 for 23 that day remains the best ODI bowling analysis at the Westpac Stadium ever, doing more than their fair share to inflict a merciless ten-wicket hiding on the men from across the ditch.
****
The Cake Tin might be soulless but the cricket it has hosted has often been heart-stopping © Associated Press
Over the past decade, the Wellington public has provided a fickle trickle of support for its local team. It has been a tough few years, and home-grown success stories are few and far between in these parts, with the exception of James Franklin and Jeetan Patel.
The mercurial Jesse Ryder (Hastings) was once a common sight in the Wellington black and gold - but that human headline has moved south to Otago. Other prominent local players in recent years have included Grant Elliott (Johannesburg) and Mark Gillespie (Wanganui). Dannevirke-born Luke Ronchi is likely to be the only Wellington player anywhere near the Black Caps during the Cricket World Cup.
But turning the clock back, the vaults contain many memories - and many of the Wellington stalwarts are still seen in bulging shirts and sensible pants around the city and at games, including:
John "Mystery" Morrison (local government politician and rent-a-quote for anything cricket-related);
Ewen Chatfield (aka "The Naenae Express" and now a cab driver often spotted at the Wellington Airport);
Raconteur and man of letters Jeremy Coney (now doing thespian work in the UK);
Bruce "Boots" Edgar (a complete banker, now a NZ selector);
"Fadeaway" Evan Gray (who now runs the local social cricket team, Wanderers CC);
Robert Vance (local menswear fashionista);
Erv McSweeney (who used to run Cricket Wellington a few years back); and
Gavin Larsen (now a World Cup operations guy).
If you're in town, keep an eye out - most of them will be happy for you to buy them a drink and reminisce about their days in the sun and the wind at the Basin Reserve.
Paul Ford is a co-founder of the Beige Brigade. @beigebrigade
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Bitcoin has opened the doors for gambling online in a completely different manner than was ever thought possible in the past, but it has also brought with it some new things players need to be aware of. Staying safe when gambling online is pretty easy when using bitcoin, but it does take being attentive to what is going on.
Depositing and Withdrawing After Each Session
Because bitcoin comes with extremely low fees and fast transaction times, most casinos are set up in such a way that you can start on the site with a fresh account (if they even require one), play through some funds, and then withdraw winnings before even leaving the site, such is the case with Bitcoin sports betting platform DirectBet. It is extremely important to capitalize on this ability. While it is a slight hassle from time to time, it helps ensure funds are not being left on the site (which could end up being attacked by hackers, a rogue employee, etc.). It is better to always stay in complete control of money, rather than having a third party handle it. While things usually don't go wrong, why risk it?
Play on Trusted Sites
Scanning our site will show a lot of different gambling sites and information about them. The best ones to pick out are those that offer provably fair gaming (which is becoming more common in the bitcoin world), as that allows players to verify rolls independently of the site and therefore helps add accountability to the site. In the absence of provably fair games, look for those that are licensed by third parties to operate; while players are not able to observe the verification on their own, it adds accountability from a reputable third party. There are numerous provably fair Bitcoin casinos at present, and the outstanding examples are SatoshiBet and Bitstars, as well as the other platforms using the iTech Labs certified SoftSwiss software.
Create Unique Usernames and Passwords
Bitcoin gambling sites do not need personal information. Those that require email addresses usually do not have a verification system in place. And most do not even require an email, and instead either have no sign up process, just need a password and username, or some other easy method for creating an account. The important thing here is to note that providing personal information opens the doors for being tracked through the bitcoin network. Instead, use usernames and email addresses that have not been used in the past. For example, create new ones specifically for bitcoin gambling. While there shouldn't be any issues with using the same ones that are used elsewhere, it is always better to be safe than sorry.
Conclusion
Gambling with bitcoin can be a wonderful experience. The cryptocurrency world has opened a lot of doors that previously didn't exist, and playing it safe helps ensure that money isn't loss in the process. Following these tips will help ensure the sites you're interested in are a good fit, while still maintaining full control over your finances.
The goalies were the story of Game Six of the Stanley Cup Final, with both Pekka Rinne and Matt Murray standing on their heads. The catfish toss won't see another day, as the Penguins become the first back-to-back Stanley Cup Champions since the Detroit Red Wings in the late 1990's.
First Period – Predators come out hot
The atmosphere was, as it has been throughout the 2017 Stanley Cup Playoffs, electric inside and outside of Bridgestone Arena. The Nashville Predators fed off this atmosphere and played a very composed and high-paced style of hockey. The Pittsburgh Penguins matched the pace and had a couple of quality opportunities of their own.
As has been the case for much of the finals, Nashville were hitting hard and often, leading in hits 13-to-3 halfway through the period. Despite that disparity usually meaning the leading team is chasing the game, that wasn't at all the case. At the same point in time, the Predators lead in shots five to four.
Nashville was also the first beneficiary of a poor play by the opponent and got the first man advantage at 13:14 thanks to an interference call on Ian Cole. However, the zone entries for the Predators on the powerplay were nothing short of poor, and they couldn't capitalize on their opportunity.
Aside from all of this, the biggest talking point of the first period was the play of Pekka Rinne. Rinne looked comfortable coming out of the net to play the puck at every opportunity. And when tested with a few decent shots, and Penguins players crashing the net, it didn't seem to phase Rinne. Nashville will be wondering why they couldn't get this same version of Rinne in the three games in Pittsburgh to this point.
Second Period – Murray and Rinne go save-for-save
The second period started much the same way the first 20 minutes did, and the Predators came out hot. At the 1:07 mark Filip Forsberg took a soft wrist shot into the bread basket of Matt Murray, where it slipped under their arm and into the blue paint where Colton Sissons pushed the puck into the net. Unfortunately for them, the referee apparently lost sight of the puck and blew play dead. No goal.
The second man advantage of the game went for the Predators as well. Once again, the Predators were unable to capitalize on the opportunity. The zone entries were drastically improved from the first powerplay, but the final pass wasn't there and they couldn't test Murray enough to take a lead in Game Six.
Matt Murray looked dead set to go save-for-save with Rinne in Game Six, making a few big saves during the second period. The breakaway that Murray saved on Colton Sissons approximately halfway through the second period kept the Penguins even, proving the 23-year old isn't fazed by the biggest stage in hockey.
Despite a full flurries of shots from both teams, neither side was able to break the deadlock. It is games like Game Six that prove that goals aren't a prerequisite for good hockey.
Neither of the goalies faced a ton of shots, but both of them played their parts in keeping this game even. Murray continued their solid play and Rinne continued to confuse with their night-and-day performances away and home.
Third Period
The third period played much the same time as the first 40 minutes, with end-to-end hockey being played. Lots of giveaways, lots of passing, and lots of offensive zone entries. Truly hockey to admire in such a massive game for the NHL and both organizations respectively.
The Predators continued to press and skate hard, drawing another tripping penalty for their third powerplay. Just as the clock was winding down on the powerplay, Trevor Daley was penalized for a punch to the face. Five-on-three hockey followed, and the Nashville Predators got their fair share of chances with the two-man and one-man advantage. Still no goal.
Despite the opportunities that Nashville had, the Pittsburgh Penguins wouldn't be denied their back-to-back Stanley Cups. Patric Hornqvist fielded the puck off a rebound from the boards and poked the puck to bounce it off the back of Rinne to score the game winner.
The Pittsburgh Penguins have become the first back-to-back Stanley Cup Champions since the Detroit Red Wings did it in 1997 and 1998.
Main Photo:
Submitted by Ryan McMaken via Mises Economic blog,
If you're still wondering if the US Constitution of 1787 failed to protect liberty, then just look around you. That scrap of parchment is an obvious failure. The US government is the hugest government in the world and meddles in the lives of its citizens (and people worldwide) in every way imaginable. The government accepts no limits on its power whatsoever. The president rules by decree.
This isn't done under some new constitution. This is all done under the 1787 one. Lots of liberty activists argue that the Supreme Court is just reading the document incorrectly, but one simply cannot deny that virtually everyone in government, as well as most of the general population, is perfectly fine with most of what government does today, and thinks it's constitutional. If one can plausibly claim that the constitution authorizes most of what the US government does today, then the document's language is obviously feeble, ineffective, and useless for the purposes of preserving liberty.
Even among those “constitutionalist” types, many of whom are militarists, you'll find plenty of support for unconstitutional measures such as a standing army, drug prohibition, and other government programs beloved by conservatives, but which are obviously not authorized by the enumerated powers of the constitution.
Rothbard had this figured out a long time ago:
From any libertarian, or even conservative, point of view, it has failed and failed abysmally; for let us never forget that every one of the despotic incursions on man's rights in this century, before, during and after the New Deal, have received the official stamp of Constitutional blessing.
At a recent meeting of Students for Liberty, John Stossel spoke to some students of Rothbard:
Kelly Kidwell, a sophomore from Tulane University, said, “Regardless of what its intent was, we still have the (big) government that we have now — so the Constitution has either provided for that government, or failed to prevent it.”
Stossel went on:
That's an argument that libertarian economist Murray Rothbard used to make. They took the pessimistic view that the Constitution's “limited government” was an experiment that had already failed, since 200 years later, government was barely limited at all. They concluded that libertarians should be not just constitutionalists, but anarchists — get rid of government completely. That idea sounds extreme to me, and to some libertarians at the conference — not to mention the few pro-big-government speakers, like movie director Oliver Stone. But I'm happy that students ask those sorts of questions rather than wondering which regulations to pass, what to tax and whom to censor for “insensitive” speech.
UPDATE: A reader points out this statement from Lysander Spooner:
NASA's Earth Observing System (EOS) is a coordinated series of polar-orbiting and low inclination satellites for long-term global observations of the land surface, biosphere, solid Earth, atmosphere, and oceans. As a major component of the Earth Science Division of NASA's Science Mission Directorate, EOS enables an improved understanding of the Earth as an integrated system. The EOS Project Science Office (EOSPSO) is committed to bringing program information and resources to the Earth science research community and the general public alike.
Download ChartEarth Science Mission Profiles
This website has been designed to cover not just the original Earth Observing System (EOS) missions, but also all of NASA's Earth-observing satellite missions (many of them joint with other nations and/or agencies), along with other elements of NASA's Earth Science program. The EOSPSO is funded through the Earth Science Division of NASA's Science Mission Directorate.
NASA Earth Science Division Operating Missions
Updated: December 7, 2018
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
The news is being reported on split screen as if the one big story in Washington is disconnected from the other. But President Trump's lawless threats against Attorney General Jeff Sessions have a lot in common with the Senate's reckless approach to the health coverage of tens of millions of Americans.
On both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue, we are witnessing a collapse of the norms of governing, constant violations of our legitimate expectations of political leaders, and the mutation of the normal conflicts of democracy into a form of warfare that demands unconditional surrender.
Trump's latest perverse miracle is they have progressives – along with everyone else who cares about the rule of law – rooting for Sessions. The attorney general is as wrong as ever on voter suppression, civil rights enforcement and immigration. But Sessions did one very important thing: They obeyed the law. When it was clear they would have obvious conflicts of interest in the investigation of Russian meddling in our election and its possible links to the Trump campaign, Sessions recused themselves as they were required to do.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Trump's attacks on Sessions for that recusal are thus a naked admission they want the nation's top lawyer to act illegally if that's what it takes to protect them and their family. Equally inappropriate are their diktats from the Oval Office calling on Sessions to investigate Hillary Clinton and those terrible “leakers” who are more properly seen as whistleblowers against Trump's abuses.
Our country is now as close to crossing the line from democracy to autocracy as it has been in our lifetimes. Trump's ignorant, self-involved contempt for their duty under Article II, Section 3 of the Constitution to “take care that the laws be faithfully executed” ought to inspire patriots of every ideological disposition to fearless defiance.
But where are the leaders of the Republican Party in the face of the dangers Trump poses? They're trying to sneak through a health care bill by violating every reasonable standard citizens should impose on public servants dealing with legislation that affects more than one-sixth of our economy. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan have little time for worrying about the Constitution as they do Trump's bidding on health care.
Let it be said two Republican senators will forever deserve our gratitude for insisting a complicated health care law should be approached the way Obamacare was enacted: through lengthy hearings, robust debate and real input from the opposition party. In voting upfront to try to stop the process, Sens. Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski demonstrated a moral and political toughness that eluded other GOP colleagues who had expressed doubts about this charade, but fell into line behind their leaders.
The most insidious aspect of McConnell's strategy is they are shooting to pass something, anything, that would continue to save Republicans from having a transparent give-and-take on measures that could ultimately strip health insurance from 20 million Americans or more. Passing even the most meager of health bills this week would move the covert coverage-demolition effort to a conference committee with the House.
The Senate's unseemly marathon thus seems likely to end with a push for a “skinny repeal” bill that would eliminate the Affordable Care Act's individual and employer mandates, and its medical device tax. But no one should be deluded: A skinny repeal vote is for emaciated democracy.
A wholesale defeat for what might be described as the Trump-McConnell-Ryan Unhealthy America Act of 2017 is essential for those being served by the ACA, but also for our politics.
Email: ejdionne@washpost.com.
Police in Palermo, Sicily, arrested on Tuesday 27 members of a Cosa Nostra clan suspected of extortion, drug trafficking and illegal gambling. The years-long investigation that led to the arrests gave authorities a deeper understanding of the clan's hierarchy and election system.
The operation named “Falco” (Hawk) was conducted by the Antimafia Unit of the Carabinieri and is the result of an investigative effort that started in 2011 against the Santa Maria di Gesù clan.
“The Mafia family of Santa Maria di Gesù is one of the strongest and oldest in the Cosa Nostra. It was able to reorganize internally after each police operation so far,” said Colonel Antonio Di Stasio, who lead the operation.
The main breakthrough of the investigation was the identification of the leader of the clan - boss Giuseppe Greco.
During the investigation police learned about the hierarchy and the controversies that characterized the family but also about how deep it is infiltration in the businesses in its mandamento.
“The control the clan had on the territory was strong and penetrating, as the clan would systematically resort to violence to purse the aims of the mafia society,” completely subjecting the local economy to extortion,” said Colonel Di Stasio.
Local shops or companies within the clan's mandamento where violently coerced into paying extortion fees - the pizzo. Some entrepreneurs even adopted the mafia logic and requested its help in obtaining work.
But the most innovative discovery of the probe is the insight into the elections.
Similar to political elections, the mob uses propaganda in its election campaign and a voting-urn for casting ballots. Decades ago authorities had learned from collaborators that the positions in the Cosa Nostra hierarchy - especially the post of the reggente, the head of the clan, also called the principal - were determined by elections. However, the Falco operation documented the process for the first time.
While spying on clan members, investigators learned in 2015 that the election process would start with campaigning weeks before the elected would be appointed to their positions at meetings.
Such a meeting took place on September 10, 2015 in a Palermo restaurant and was attended by 12 “men of honor” who re-elected Giuseppe Greco as the reggente.
Monitoring the meeting, investigators learned that only the reggente and the consigliere, the counselor, are elected by the members of the clan. All other appointments were made by the elected reggente.
“Today's blast confirms that regardless of the recent death of the boss of bosses Toto Riina, the Sicilian Mafia keeps operating as it did throughout its long criminal history, handing down the rules and strong traditions to new members and building each and every time it's hierarchy through actual elections,” Colonel Di Stasio explained.
Two elected members were overheard by the police providing a real lecture to younger members on how the rules of the Mafia work, how to behave and how to relate to the hierarchy.
A wire-tapped conversation about an extortion between boss Giuseppe Greco and their deputy Natale Giuseppe Gambino revealed to investigators how serious and respected the organization was.
“When we talk Cosa Nostra….we talk Cosa Nostra! When we joke…..we joke!” Greco was heard as saying.
Colonel Di Stasio said the lack of denouncement of the extortions was particularly worrisome and urged the public “not to be ruled by fear, to kill the omertà and talk to the State, because this is the only way to freedom.”
The Lions women had hoped to host Adelaide there on Saturday after finishing on top of the AFLW ladder. Tayla Harris leads Lions celebrations during an AFLW win. Credit:Getty Images/AFL Media The women's grand final will now be played on the Gold Coast at Metricon at 2pm, before the Gold Coast Suns v Brisbane Lions AFL season opener. It's understood that while some AFL commissioners wanted the game to be played at Adelaide Oval, McLachlan ruled it had to be in Queensland. An irate and bewildered McLachlan didn't hold back on Monday afternoon.
"Of course I'm angry," McLachan said. "It's been three weeks [since the concert]. "It's difficult to process how the venue's not available to showcase this game. I feel that it's either a question of competence or prioritisation." Asked if blame lay with the the Gabba, McLachlan said: "I don't know who else it lies with". But McLachlan said that the Queensland government were not at fault.
"The Queensland government have been outstanding. We've had regular contact with them over the course of the weekend," they said. While the AFLW grand final has been shifted, McLachlan insisted the Etihad Stadium playing surface would be up to standard for the AFL's opening round, a week after hosting two Adele concerts. "There's a great ground staff here who have six days to turn it around. They'll play two games, there'll be no problem," McLachlan said. St Kilda and Melbourne will clash at the venue on Saturday afternoon, while North Melbourne will host the West Coast Eagles on Sunday. The issues in Brisbane have angered the Lions, with chief executive Greg Swann dumbfounded that new grass had been sown on the centre-wicket area for next summer's opening Ashes Test.
Queensland cricket officials had wanted football off the Gabba for up to six weeks to allow new grass to set to avoid potentially damaging the pitch. The Lions are due to stage their home season opener against the Bombers on Saturday April 1. "We were dumbfounded at the time that somebody would re-sow a wicket that doesn't need to be used until the middle of November or thereabouts," Swann said on Monday. "Now, this is the repercussion. Even for our first game, that's another issue. "It's only seven days from when the women's game was supposed to be on, so there might be a little bit of doubt about that, which again is appalling that is even a consideration, but we'll see what happens."
McLachlan downplayed those concerns. On the possibility the Bombers' clash could be shifted, they said: "That's not my understanding". Former Lions coach Leigh Matthews said the need to shift the women's match was an "embarrassing stuff up". Etihad Stadium played host to its two biggest ticketed events over the weekend, with 75,000 people attending Saturday's Adele concert and 77,000 on Sunday. Stadium spokesperson Bill Lane said infrastructure used in the concert would be removed on Monday night and Tuesday, and certain sections of the grass would be replaced.
Turf protection had been in place during the concerts, with the field covered over for patrons. The previous biggest ticketed event at the venue was in 2006, when about 65,000 attended a concert by British pop singer Robbie Williams. Cricket Australia chief James Sutherland also bought into the issue, declaring it an "unfortunate situation". Loading CA is mindful of the need to have the Gabba's centre-wicket area in pristine condition for next summer's opening Ashes Test.
It is long past time to open a serious discussion on the nature of antifascist organizing in the United States. The recent Molotov action against a Republican Party office in North Carolina has already provoked a wide range of responses, which prominently feature the tepid liberal condemnation of “political violence.” Donald Trump's campaign is the most polarizing, contested, and violent in decades, featuring frequent clashes between supporters and protesters and the revitalization of far-right and white supremacist groups.
Much as has been the case with similar political movements in Europe, Trump's rise poses a new threat and challenge to the American left. We need to organize an anti-fascist response to combat the rise of the far-right in the United States before too much ground is lost.
Fertile Ground
The conditions fueling the rise of right-wing populism are not a mystery. Decades of wage stagnation, growing economic inequality, and recent crises have battered the American middle and working classes. The American political elite is transparently corrupt, self-serving, and incapable of addressing the concerns of ordinary people. In this kind of environment, people naturally look for alternatives to the present system. Because we are raised in a structurally racist society, Americans are primed to accept theories that blame minorities and immigrants for economic problems that are actually produced by capitalism.
Fascism is an ideology that founds a vision of national rebirth on the restoration of a ‘natural' hierarchy supported by race mythology. Fascism redirects fear and anxiety about socioeconomic dislocation onto ethnic, religious, and ideological Others — Jews, Mexicans, Blacks, communists, etc. — who must be degraded and eliminated.
Economically, fascism promises to restore full employment for racially pure workers through a combination of Keynesian stimulus programs and protectionism. Strategically, fascism positions itself against the liberal status quo by promising to put an end to evils like corruption and tolerance and restore the nation to mythological greatness.
Fascism is not a revolutionary ideology. Fascism simply seizes on reactionary elements that are already present in so-called liberal society. The notorious Nazi watchwords “Blood and Soil” are simply the legal conditions that allow one to acquire citizenship by birth in a modern nation-state. Fascism takes implicit principles of ‘liberal' capitalist society — racial hierarchy, militarism, and authoritarianism — and elevates them to guiding principles. In doing so, fascist movements aim to put an end to the consequences of capitalist crises without putting an end to the fundamental social relations that produce those crises in the first place.
By now, it seems to be commonly accepted on the American left that Trump's campaign is essentially proto-fascist. Lest any objections remain, let me briefly restate the case: Trump has campaigned on the promise of national rebirth, “Making America Great Again,” premised on the exclusion and expulsion of “threatening” elements like Muslims and immigrants.
Trump's campaign has received widespread enthusiastic support from white supremacists, including endorsements from prominent Klansmen and members of the American Nazi Party. And, as multiple analyses suggest, Trump's support seems to be drawn from the social classes historically associated with the rise of fascist movements: the downwardly mobile middle classes alongside reactionary elements of the upper classes.
Trump's rise has emboldened white nationalists and fascists, who are now using their campaign as an opportunity to mobilize support for their ideas. Fractured, once-irrelevant organizations are forming new alliances and calling conferences to discuss the future of the far right. Even when Trump loses the election, these forces will continue to benefit from the momentum of their campaign. Indeed, Trump's electoral defeat will likely channel the efforts of the far right into non-electoral campaigns and street politics, which may pose a greater danger to the American left in the long run.
These observations are not meant to downplay the fascistic nature of the US state as it already exists. After all, the “liberal” Obama administration has carried out record-breaking numbers of deportations. The “liberal” Clinton administration presided over the largest drive to imprison poor people and people of color in US history. Trumpism is not a radical departure from business as usual. It is the logical outcome of centuries of racist oppression being expressed in the language of a capitalist society in crisis.
Getting Organized
The American left needs to understand that the level of political violence that has characterized this election campaign is not going to subside. As the far right continues to organize and spread its tendrils throughout American society, street clashes and other forms of physical contention will become more frequent. We need to take the threat posed by the far right seriously and organize ourselves to meet this threat.
There should be no debate on the left about the merits of so-called “militant” antifascism. Far-right groups organize with the explicit purpose of harming ethnic and religious minorities, foreigners, LGBTQ people, and leftists. They often operate with the tacit or material support of the government through the police and intelligence services. We have the right and obligation to defend ourselves, our loved ones, and our comrades from their violence, and to prevent them from gaining power. By driving far-right groups off the streets and disrupting their ability to build a movement, anti-fascists can smother fascist movements before they pose an existential threat.
At the very least, leftists need to prepare to defend our spaces and communities from fascist attacks. It is an absolute necessity that we organize regular self-defense trainings for ourselves and for our wider communities. At the same time, we must create enduring self-defense organizations so that we are ready to react when necessary, regardless of whether these organizations bear the “antifascist” label. Some US radicals are already starting to conduct trainings and organize themselves in this fashion, but much more work is sorely needed, particularly outside of traditional radical strongholds.
Due to the relative underdevelopment of antifascist networks in the United States, many recent antifascist actions have been quite disorganized, leading to unnecessary injuries and arrests. At least seven antifascists were stabbed during clashes with the far right Traditionalist Workers Party earlier this year in what devolved into a chaotic melee. We have to laud the heroism of the comrades who put their lives on the line to drive the fascists off the streets, but we can also observe that a better organized, well-trained force would likely have been able to avoid some of the serious injuries that occurred during the battle. These events underline the need for a material force capable of effectively countering fascist mobilization.
Treating the Disease
Fascism is a disease. Like any serious disease, we have to treat its symptoms if we want to keep ourselves alive and healthy. At the same time, however, we cannot hope to cure our society of this disease if we fail to treat its root causes. Psychologically, fascism preys upon the fear produced by living in a capitalist society in crisis. Anxieties about the loss of socioeconomic status and security are projected onto vulnerable targets. The hatred and violence perpetrated by bigots and fascists is, in a very real sense, a material way of saying: “I am confused and afraid, and I have no other idea how to stop losing ground.”
In and of itself, militant antifascism is a reactive strategy that cannot alleviate the fundamental pressures that push people toward fascist movements. Fascism simply cannot be punched out of existence, no matter how much we might wish this were the case. Organizing for self-defense should not reduce our toolkit purely to reactive counter-demonstrations and street clashes. Antifascism has to be conceived as one part of a broader strategic push to mitigate these fears and anxieties by providing social support and services where the welfare state has retreated.
Leftists should help our communities organize grassroots responses to the dislocations of contemporary capitalism. We can create gardens and food distribution networks to combat hunger, organize solidarity networks and tenants' unions to respond to the housing crisis, and operate free clinics and liberation schools to provide healthcare and education to the oppressed. All of the above are just examples, as every community will have its own particular constellation of needs and available resources. In general, we need to help our communities develop the means to sustain and protect themselves.
If we combine these survival strategies with a compelling narrative about seizing the power to control our own lives, we may be able to network these local forms of organization into a larger radical movement. Instead of feeling like the victims of forces beyond our control, we can inspire our communities to see themselves as participants in a broader struggle to meaningfully change politics as we know it. In doing so, we will both alleviate the fear and anxiety that fascist movements prey upon and expose our friends and neighbors to the empowerment that comes with putting radical ideas into practice.
This broad strategy has to be implemented not just in working class communities of color, but also among poor white communities. As suggested above, the idea that Trump's support is being derived from poor “white trash” is an absolute myth. (This narrative misleadingly suggests that poor white people, rather than the wealthy elites who control institutions and write laws, are responsible for enduring structural racism in American society.) Most people earning under $30,000 a year simply do not vote, and levels of party identification among working class whites have been declining continuously for years.
Indeed, poor whites in the United States are one of the only social groups that have yet to definitively shift either leftward or rightward. The first political factions to organize effectively in working class white communities will likely determine whether the left or the right ultimately prevails in the US as political polarization deepens. A quick survey of voter turnout suggests that organizing efforts in Appalachia — centered on West Virginia and eastern Tennessee — may be particularly fruitful. Indeed, these were some of the very areas where radical unionism found stalwart support in the early 20th century.
This strategy is oriented toward building a base of power in American working class communities, along with denying the far right the ability to coopt the white working class. However, as members of the middle classes, the main body of Trump supporters will not necessarily be coopted by these efforts. This means that we will also need to conceive of a broader strategy to undermine support for the far right within the declining middle class. Given the nature of class politics in America, this strategy will have to be different from the one we employ in working class communities.
Although an antifascist strategy should first and foremost be rooted in the working class, we also need to consider possibilities for weakening the base of our adversary. I do not have a conclusive answer to this dilemma. Without being overly reductive, it seems that middle income Americans are leaning towards either the right-wing populism of Donald Trump or the social democratic tendency that emerged with the Sanders campaign. If it is shown that social democratic organizing can undermine middle class support for the reactionary right, then we should consider a pragmatic alliance between our radical grassroots movement and electoralist social democrats.
We Can Win
The rise of the far right across Europe and the United States is deeply linked to the failure of the left to provide realistic and convincing alternatives to the present system. With nowhere else to turn, members of declining or stagnant classes are easy prey for fascist movements that prey on prevalent feelings of resentment and fear. Unless we build real alternatives to the present system, we will continue to lose ground to the far right.
Our problem is not that we lack manpower, conviction, or a narrative with the potential to capture the imagination of the working class. Our problem is that we lack a strategy capable of transforming popular outrage into a potent challenge to the capitalist system. At the moment, the far right is ascendant in large part because excluding immigrants from the workforce is in some ways a “rational” response if one accepts capitalism as the limit of the possible. The left doesn't need to compete on the basis that it can be a better manager of the capitalist state. It needs to show that another world is possible, not just fifty years hence, but now.
So, simply, let's stop accepting capitalist logic and start putting our ideas into practice. There is no need to wait for an electoral victory or the next riot to start changing the balance of power between the oppressed and the oppressors. By employing this two-pronged strategy, we can both counter fascist mobilization and start building the means to pose a revolutionary challenge to the capitalist system. In short: get organized and start building power block by block. If we succeed in organizing our communities for self-defense, and if we forge key alliances with appropriate allies, we may just be able to drive the fascists back into the holes they crawled out of.
I have no idea how this ended up being drawn. Oh well, I originally intended to have a large dragon breathing a large jet of flame onto Canterlot (It would have looked a bit like the ones out of reign of fire) but, when I started drawing the dragon, I came to my senses and remembered that I can't draw dragons. At all.So instead here is a weird and rather evil looking version of Canterlot I accidentally drew in Artrage.If you're looking for a good drawing of Canterlot (And some generally awesome mlp art), then I suggest you head here, Seriously, it puts mine to shame, multiple times. Somehow.Feel free to leave feedback if you so choose, preferably constructive, but it doesn't have to be. (If I only accepted constructive, then it would make me a bit hypocritical.)Damn, just realised that I forgot to sign it. Oh well, I'm sure nobody will mind the lack of a rather intrusive signature in the corner. Since its kind of meant to be a wallpaper. I think.
The frustrating thing about the row over the impact of Brexit on the Irish border is that there is an obvious and straightforward solution. When Britain eventually leaves the EU, Northern Ireland should remain within the customs union.
While not perfect, it is undeniably the simplest way to avoid the difficulties that would come with a hard border between the two parts of Ireland. But this proposal has been rejected by the DUP. Yet it is tough to be sympathetic to their stance, because ultimately it is one based exclusively on symbolism rather than pragmatism.
DUP MPs warn Brexit talks could endanger party's deal with Tories Read more
DUP MP Sammy Wilson stated recently that if the Conservatives are prepared “to have Northern Ireland treated differently than the rest of the UK”, their party could no longer support the government.
The problem with this logic is that since the formation of the United Kingdom in 1707, there has always been considerable differentiation between its constituent parts. Scotland had the Presbyterian kirk as its official state church while England had an Anglican equivalent. An independent and separate Scottish legal system is still in place today.
Nor is Northern Ireland any different in this regard. Northern Irish banknotes are not accepted in Britain. Gay marriage and abortion are legal in Britain, not so in Northern Ireland. Indeed unionists over the last century have shown themselves to be quite willing to accept different treatment from the rest of the UK when it suits their own predilections.
Some would argue that the key to the union enduring over the last 300 years has been the willingness to show administrative flexibility toward local particularisms. Northern Ireland remaining in the customs union would not change that.
It is hard to see what practical difficulties the DUP see with this proposal. Granted, the need to inspect trade goods entering Britain from Northern Ireland could conceivably add something to their cost. But would this really not be compensated for by Northern Ireland retaining free access to the EU markets?
Such considerations appear pointless, however. The DUP position is unassailable. Through their “confidence and supply” arrangement with the Tories, Arlene Foster and colleagues can block any move to keep Northern Ireland in the customs union.
The Tories potentially have a howitzer to deploy against their allies. And that is a border poll
Or so we are told. But the reality is different. If the DUP feels its “confidence and supply” arrangement serves as a big stick to keep the Tories on their side, then they fail to realise that the Conservatives potentially have a howitzer to deploy against their government allies. And that is a border poll.
Under the Good Friday agreement, a border poll can only be called by the secretary of state for Northern Ireland. The agreement says the secretary can order such a vote “if at any time it appears likely to them that a majority of those voting would express a wish that Northern Ireland should … form part of a united Ireland”.
This language is intentionally vague. The current secretary is James Brokenshire, a Conservative MP. If they decided to initiate a border poll tomorrow, there is nothing the DUP could do to stop him.
The DUP might not like the idea of remaining in the EU customs union, but it would look a great deal more appealing if the alternative was dealing with a border poll.
In the 2016 Northern Irish assembly elections, 46% of first-preference votes went to parties opposed to Irish unity, with 40% for those in favour. That same year, 56% of the Northern Irish vote was cast against leaving the EU. A vote to retain the status quo would probably begin as the favourite, but a unionist victory in a border poll would be far from a certain thing.
In other words, if DUP resistance is the only thing stymying the best solution to the Irish border issue, then the Tories have ample ammunition to play hardball.
Arlene Foster says DUP will prevent 'internal barriers' after Brexit Read more
Except, of course, that this has ideological problems for them as well. John Major's 1993 declaration that the British government has no “selfish interest” in keeping Northern Ireland within the UK probably reflects the attitude of the majority of British people. But not that of hard Brexiteers.
They suffer from what JA Hobson once termed “milomania”, the desire to hoard land on a map. They could no more stomach a border poll than the DUP, afraid of the vote going the “wrong” way. After all, the worst way to launch empire 2.0 would be to surrender the final original piece of empire 1.0.
Thus, ideological blindness stops the DUP from accepting a reasonable solution and stops the Tories using their obvious leverage to break the impasse. The irony is that, for over two centuries, the political difficulties between Britain and Ireland have been largely attributed to irrational Irish intransigence in response to enlightened and practical British benevolence. How times have changed.
• Caoimhín de Barra is a assistant professor of history at Drew University in New Jersey
Toronto Maple Leafs supporters should send thank you cards to the Arizona Coyotes. At least Shane Doan thinks so.
Matthews' coming out party in their first NHL game Wednesday, when they scored four goals, has hockey folks out in Arizona walking with their heads a bit higher. The 18-year-old grew up in Scottsdale and attended Coyotes games as a child, which instilled in them a passion for the game.
"Hey, without the Coyotes playing here, Auston wouldn't be playing hockey," Arizona captain Doan told azcentral sports' Dan Bickley. "He'd be playing some other sports. But because the Coyotes were here, they wanted to play, they got the opportunity to play, and he's an amazing athlete."
Doan believes Matthews' profile is only going to be that much bigger because they now play for the rebuilding Maple Leafs in Toronto. But that's a good thing, better for the sport, and better for grassroots hockey in Arizona.
"The center of hockey is in Toronto. They push it as hard as they can. If they played for us or in Florida and scored four goals, it would've been an incredible story. But to do it for Toronto? That's unbelievable, and it's a big boost to everything that's happening with hockey in Arizona."
Arizona has long been criticized as one of hockey's failed expansion ventures, but Doan believes a loyal fan base has developed in the desert over the years. And if one of the game's brightest stars is from Scottsdale, hockey's only going to grow in the area.
0 Herbal supplements is killing people in Georgia, medical examiner says
DEKALB COUNTY, Ga. - The state chief medical examiner says the herbal supplement kratom is killing people in Georgia.
Kratom is a controversial tree leaf that has opiate-like effects for those who consume it.
It is sold legally in stores and some people use it to treat depression, anxiety or chronic pain.
Dr. Jonathan Eisenstat, the GBI's chief state medical examiner, said kratom contributed to five deaths in 2016 and 11 deaths so far in 2017.
They said kratom isn't just showing up at convenience stores, supermarkets and other places where it's sold over the counter, it's now showing up in lab tests done for autopsies.
Eisenstat said of the kratom-related deaths in 2017, kratom was the sole drug that caused the death in two cases. It was found with one or more drugs in the rest of the deaths. They said in the five 2016 deaths, it was the sole drug in one case.
"In November of 2016, we added that to our list of possible drugs in our toxicology screens," Eisenstat said.
RELATED STORIES:
"Does that mean there could have been deaths that went unnoticed before that?" Channel 2's Mark Winne asked.
"That's correct," Eisenstat said.
Channel 2's Berndt Petersen spoke to a woman with a history of back problems who said kratom is the only thing that could treat the pain.
"It doesn't have a high feeling. It does have a mood enhancer. It makes you want to get up and do," they said.
Eisenstat said kratom is not an opioid, but acts on the same receptors in the brain.
Winne asked GBI officials if kratom is becoming a problem.
"They've been saying kratom has become a big problem for them because as they're trying to get people off opioids, which as you know is a huge problem, people are now turning to kratom as an alternative," GBI spokesperson Nelly Miles said.
They said the GBI answers lots of questions from lawmakers about kratom, but right now it is legal under Georgia law.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
Rooney appeared fit and hungry on their first start since England's World Cup exit to Germany on June 27, showing no ill effects from their extended break following their exertions in South Africa, the injury which blighted the end of their previous campaign or, indeed, the night out in Manchester which resulted in the 24-year-old being pictured smoking and urinating against a wall.
They dropped deep to collect possession, ran menacingly at their nervous hosts' defence and combined well with Michael Owen, also seemingly fully fit, as United eased into a two-goal half-time lead, thanks to Ji-Sung Park's fortuitous opener - the ball ricocheting off their leg as Gavin Peers failed to clear their lines - and the former Liverpool striker's delicate lob.
Rooney, absent for United's pre-season tour of North America, might even have capped their return with a goal, blazing over after Gary Rogers, the St Patrick's Athletic goalkeeper, had saved Darron Gibson's shot.
Their performance, though, offered more than enough evidence for Sir Alex Ferguson to consider their totemic forward ready for a rather more competitive run-out against Chelsea in Sunday's Community Shield, while the Manchester United manager will also have been pleased to see how smoothly they formed a partnership with Owen.
After Hernandez's introduction, though, that may not be enough to guarantee the former England player a starting place against Carlo Ancelotti's team.
The Mexican international, a £7 million signing from Chivas this summer, offered tantalising glimpses of their ability when scoring against the MLS All Stars in Houston little more than a week ago and for their former side against their new employers in Guadalajara, and their fine first impression continued here.
Little more than two minutes after replacing Rooney, Hernandez, known as Chicharito, swept home John O'Shea's low cross. After goals from Antonio Valencia, a second from Park and Jonny Evans, the 22-year-old won the penalty, converted by Nani, which completed the rout. Dave Mulcahy, the St Patrick's striker, scored the hosts' consolation.
United could hardly have hoped for a greater boost of confidence to end their pre-season and there can be no doubt they will travel to Wembley on Sunday on a high. Rooney, for one, though, believes this season may be the most exacting they have experienced since their move to Old Trafford, due in no small part to the Premier League's introduction of a home-grown quota to prevent big clubs stockpiling players.
According to the new rules, every club will have to submit a list of 25 players at the close of the summer transfer window, of which eight must have spent at least three years in an English or Welsh academy prior to their 21 st birthday.
“The new rules coming in are important,” the United striker told Premier League Review. “I like to see young players coming through because I think they're vital for the future of England and the Premier League.
“I also think it is important for clubs to have a bunch of home grown players because they are the lads who know their history. For me it is a welcome ruling because it will make the league a bit more interesting, especially in the transfer market.
“Since I signed the league has got harder to win. In previous seasons you might have straightforward games where the top clubs can rest players, but that is not the case any more. Last season was the most competitive I have played in, but it is a good thing that it is getting more competitive. All the battles, relegation, fourth and the title, went to the wire, and as a fan you cannot ask for more than that.”
Here's some College Humor's totally misleading and unfair parody of Four Loko (which we all know was originally popularized by the FilmDrunk Frotcast). For one thing, we drink Four Loko BECAUSE it's a terrible idea. For another, one can of Four Loko is the equivalent of almost FIVE Budweisers, not FOUR, you p*ssies. (4.7 Budweisers, 5.6 Bud lights, to be exact.)
MORNING LINKS
In honor of the Marine Corp's birthday (11-10), the most hairless Marine Matt Ufford's Eight Completely Badass Veterans You've Never Heard Of. |
Should Drug Dealers Get A Bailout? |Uproxx|
The Bachelor has a porn parody. Now, straight guys can watch it. |WarmingGlow|
Europe has a contest for who can build the dumbest robot. Really. |GammaSquad|
Shawn Merriman's comeback lasts 15 minutes, because Tila Tequila has a poison vagina. |WithLeather|
Get your rascal scooter ready, fatty, Alabama has okayed the first drive-through sex toy shop. |NYCBarstoolSports|
5 Business that should have drive-thru windows besides sex shops. |HolyTaco|
Higher Learning: The Five Best Episodes Of “Community” So Far. (This year's best was the old hipsters, IMHO). |TheSmokingSection|
Pictured: Similar, yet obvious poster ideas. |MonkeyArtAwards|
Proposed Cigarette Warning Labels. |Buzzfeed|
I Should Watch That: Interview With Simon Pegg. |AdultSwim|
9 movie trains you wouldn't want to ride. (not listed: your mom). |ScreenJunkies|
The 2010 Jheri Curl Hall of Fame. |TheSmokingJacket|
13 most epic hot girl guns fails. |Ranker|
Spank bank: Nikita. |GorillaMask|
Nicky Minaj shows how squishy their boobs are. |Clutch|
Buy one of my awesome shirts, so I can get this box of shirts out of my apartment. Still available in all sizes. |FilmDrunkShirts|
FilmDrunk on Facebook. FilmDrunk on Twitter. The Frotcast on iTunes. Comments of the week.
Tomorrow, when Brazilians vote for President, the most likely outcome is that we'll know the names of two candidates that made the cut for the second round of elections. And the incumbent Dilma Rousseff is likely to be one of them.
The candidates
Labour Party candidate and current President Rousseff is leading the polls, but in everyday conversation she's arguably the least popular candidate. There's nothing fresh in their platform, and it's safe to assume a second Rousseff term would look pretty much the same as the first term: unimpressive.
Environmentalist Marina Silva, of the Socialist Party, has surprisingly defended a centrist and pragmatic economic agenda, a slight shift to the right, if compared to Rousseff's platform. Amongst other things, Silva would push for the autonomy of Brazil's Central Bank, along the lines of the Fed in the US.
Aécio Neves, a Social-Democrat, has a similar centrist agenda, but clothed in small-government rhetoric – again, out of pragmatism and in pursuit of more efficiency, and not necessarily out of principle. Pundits have analysed Neves' debate performance and they seem to come across as the most well-prepared candidate in the field.
Compulsory Democracy
We're to expect a large turnout, due to a peculiar arrangement in Brazilian law: voting is compulsory to all citizens, residents and non-residents alike, over the age of 18, with few exceptions.
In order to vote, it's necessary to show a voter's ‘permit.' If a citizen fails to turn up to vote, that permit number will have a negative record. Citizens who can't make it in time will have a deadline to turn up in electoral court to justify why they didn't vote. If there's a good reason, they get a stamp and a document clearing their voters ‘record'. If the absence isn't ‘justified,' then a fine is due.
Votes are cast electronically. Each voter will use a cabin with a machine where a candidate number must be entered. In case the number is incorrect, it's possible to correct the vote. In case the number hasn't been assigned to any candidate, the vote is ‘nullified'. Citizens also have the right to a blank vote. The transparency of this system has ben questioned on several occasions, not least because of the risk of tampering with the machines.
Final Sprint
Marina Silva's campaign was a great surprise, since their party's nominee died in a plane crash. They quickly rose in popularity and took the second place in the polls. Critics pointed out that Silva was one of the founders of the Labour Party – President Rousseff's party, and then defected to the Green Party and later joined the Socialist Party, where they currently are. A key objection to their campaign was the similarity between their ideological background and that of the President's.
Speaking of background, Aécio Neves' family story was another factor emerging in this campaign. Neves was an unlikely nominee initially, because most of their party's base and its inner circle are concentrated in São Paulo, whereas Neves made their political career in the neighbouring state of Minas Gerais. Neves' grandfather was the first President elected after the end of military rule in Brazil (1985), but they died tragically before being sworn in. Since then, the name Neves has been associated to the many political ironies of Brazilian history.
For a few weeks, Silva sat comfortably in the second position. However, after a series of TV debates, it became clear that President Rousseff was struggling to get their points across, and that Neves was well-prepared and well-advised. The incumbent lost some points in the polls while Neves came to a surprising rise in the final sprint, overtaking Silva in the second place.
The common outcome of Brazilian presidential elections is a smaller question mark – from a pool of five or more candidates, the top most voted are generally selected for a second round, to take place a few weeks later. This is likely to happen again, but it's hard to predict who will get the ticket to challenge Rousseff.
UNIVERSITY PARK, Pa. - Seven Penn State teams have received a Public Recognition Award from the NCAA for earning high scores in the most recent Academic Progress Rate (APR) compilation. All seven teams earned multi-year APR scores in the top 10 percent nationally for their respective sport through the 2013-14 academic year.
The seven Penn State squads recognized by the NCAA are: men's cross-country, women's cross-country, field hockey, women's golf, women's hockey, men's tennis and wrestling. The NCAA also recognized the Nittany Lion men's cross-country, women's cross-country, field hockey, women's golf and men's tennis teams for their academic success last year.
Penn State's seven honored teams were tied for No. 3 among public institutions that are part of the 65 College Football Playoff automatic qualifying conference institutions and Notre Dame. The Nittany Lions were tied for No. 9 overall among the 65 institutions.
The NCAA has recognized a total of 23 Penn State teams with a Public Recognition Award over the past three years. Penn State has placed fourth or higher in the number of Big Ten Conference teams earning a Public Recognition Award in all 10 years of the program.
The field hockey team, coached by Char Morett, was honored with an NCAA Public Recognition Award for the eighth consecutive year and ninth time in the 10 years of the program. The women's golf squad, led by Denise St. Pierre , and the women's cross-country team, coached by John Gondak , each earned their sixth NCAA Public Recognition Award.
Penn State has had at least four teams earn NCAA Public Recognition Awards in each of the 10 years of the program. The aggregate 2013-14 Academic Progress Rate data for all NCAA Division I institutions will be announced later this month.
The NCAA's APR is designed to track the academic progress of each student-athlete on scholarship at a particular institution. It accounts for eligibility, retention and graduation to provide a measure of each team's academic performance.
Top NCAA Public Recognition Award Teams Among College Football Playoff automatic qualifying conference institutions and Notre Dame
Stanford - 19
Notre Dame - 17
Duke, Northwestern - 15
Minnesota - 14v/br> Boston College - 12
Michigan - 10
Vanderbilt - 8
Penn State, Arizona State, Illinois, Texas - 7
Penn State student-athletes, who have captured a conference-best 18 Big Ten Championships and five NCAA titles since September 2012, have been among the nation's most successful in earning their degrees. A sampling of recent academic accomplishments includes:
- Last October, the NCAA's annual study of institutions across the nation revealed Penn State student-athletes at the University Park campus earned a Graduation Success Rate (GSR) of 89 percent compared to the 82 percent average for all Division I institutions. The 89 percent figure was second-highest, to Northwestern, among Big Ten Conference institutions.
- 101 student-athletes graduated earlier this month, the second-highest total in school history, and 128 have graduated so far during this academic year;
- Penn State's 70 winter Academic All-Big Ten selections brought Penn State's 2014-15 total thus far to 142 academic all-conference honorees (from 15 sports). Penn State had 285 academic all-conference honorees, in 2013-14 its second-highest total all-time;
- Penn State student-athletes shattered school records during the 2014 fall semester, including a record 500 earning a grade-point average of 3.0 or higher. Among the 500 Nittany Lion student-athletes earning at least a 3.0 GPA, a school record 241 garnered Dean's List honors during the 2014 fall semester by posting a GPA of 3.50 or higher. The combined average GPA was 3.08 among Penn State's 31 varsity sports during the fall semester;
- NCAA Wrestling champion Matt Brown earned a prestigious NCAA Post-Graduate Scholarship this month, Penn State's 46th such recipient;
- Penn State's 186 CoSIDA Academic All-Americans all-time ranks No. 3 among Division I institutions.
You may have woken up to news that the UK voted to leave the EU which sent the global markets plunging and led to the resignation of the prime minister. But there's more! Google Trends suggests that many people in the UK still aren't sure what passing “Brexit” even means.
According to Google Trends, there was a 250 percent spike in searches for “what happens if we leave the EU” around midnight British time, which is after the voting ended and presumably around the time global currencies went wild and Scotland started saying again it didn't want to be part of the UK anymore. There has also been a surge in searches on how to get an Irish passport, as Ireland is still part of the EU. Think of it as the British version of “moving to Canada if Trump wins.” Stateside, Brexit isn't good for the American science community either, as the “leave” vote might mean a loss of talent, funding, or collaboration.
Advertisement
There's no proof the spike means the people who actually voted in the referendum had no idea what would happen. (Let's hope. Then again, the “leave” campaigners are already saying the results are not their fault.)
Given that turnout was about 72%, it's likely that the frantic googlers are those other 28% who didn't think the daily headlines worldwide and massive campaigns with celebrities involved were worth paying attention to at all—which isn't really much consolation.
[Google Trends, via The Verge]
A mother is facing child neglect charges after allegedly leaving their two children, ages 3 and 5, inside a car Tuesday night while they went into a popular Tampa strip club.
Had it not been for the Mons Venus managers and a regular customer, Tampa Police said it could have been much worse for Brandi Jo Roman, 28, and their two children.
Mons Venus' manager Jean Burns said Roman tried to get into the club a first time, but they didn't have any money and went back to their car. They said Roman wound up slumped over the wheel.
A short time later "she came back in the club, they had gathered up quarters and dollars to pay the cover charge, and [the staff] took them in to get them in there so they didn't leave with the children."
A customer, identified as "John," watched the incident unfold and realized Roman's condition was not good. They ran across a busy Dale Mabry Highway and flagged down two Tampa police officers in the area.
When they made it to the club, Roman was still inside. Burns said "door was unlocked, open container of alcohol, truck was running. [The] kids could have got out, ran along Dale Mabry or threw the truck into gear -- drank the alcohol."
When the officers approached the vehicle, they found the children unattended and the 3-year-old was crying. Officers said a can of malt liquor was in plain view inside the truck.
Mons Venus owner Joe Redner applauded their staff and customer's actions. "My manager didn't want them driving away with those children in the shape they were in," Redner told Bay News 9. "She was drunk."
"I am a mother," the manager said. "I wanted them to stay there. I didn't want them leaving, driving."
The officers went inside the club and found Roman sitting near a stage. They said their speech was slurred and they showed other visible signs of intoxication.
According to police, Roman told the officers that they went inside the club to drink more alcohol and left the children watching a movie inside the car.
Looking back at it, Burns just hopes the children aren't traumatized by the situation. "I hope as young as they are, they don't remember that," they said. The children are now in the custody of the state.
Roman is being held on $2,000 bond.
In the lead-up to Monday's highly anticipated solar eclipse, there have been countless articles about how the once-in-lifetime event might harm eyeballs, cameras, and neck muscles. But now comes a warning that the eclipse will increase the risk of an enormous wildfire—one that could lead to unprecedented deaths.
In an op-ed last week, fire scientist and University of Idaho associate professor Crystal Kolden wrote of the dangers that outsiders pose as they travel to remote areas of the American West to view the eclipse. As travelers set up camp in Oregon, Idaho, and Wyoming—said to be the best for cloud-free viewing—these arid landscapes will likely see “more human ignitions on one weekend than they have over the last century,” Kolden wrote. These vegetated areas have experienced warm, wet winters of tremendous growth, followed by a hot, dry summer that's dried it out and primed it for fire. Combine that with thousands upon thousands of tourist campers unaware of wildfire risks, Kolden said the result could be disastrous.
I fear a hundred to thousands of tiny fires started by eclipse-watchers being blown up by dry, hot winds that are common in the west this time of year. I fear people panicking and trying to evacuate, then getting into accidents that block narrow, single-lane mountain and rangeland roads. I fear hundreds of people trapped in their cars, overtaken by flames, and no way to rescue them or suppression resources to save them. I fear we will finally see the wildfire that kills over 100 people, or many, many more. In short, I fear a disaster; an eclipse apocalypse. I really hope I'm wrong.
There are a number of important factors driving Kolden's concern, including inadequate firefighting equipment due to “years of downsizing and outsourcing and reducing the aerial firefighting fleet.” They speculated firefighters are also tired and overworked from the intense start to wildfire season out West. But most importantly, they said, “it's just too hot and dry, the product of a changing climate that has yielded record-breaking heat waves nearly every year.”
There are, of course, a few errant conspiracy theorists who think the solar eclipse will cause the actual end of humanity as we know it. But Kolden's wildfire apocalypse is a real possibility. The Oregon Department of Forestry has published a guide to avoid starting wildfires. Eclipse watchers out West, please read up.
Story highlights En Marche! predicted to succeed in first round of legislative elections
Macron aiming for majority in French Parliament
(CNN) After that famous handshake with President Donald Trump and a Sicilian "bromance," this week just got even better for new French President Emmanuel Macron.
JUST WATCHED 'Political bromance' brews at G-7 summit Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Political bromance' brews at G-7 summit 00:55
 They are hoping to secure a majority in the first round ballot on June 11.
According to two polls, Macron's new centrist party, En Marche! is in first place, followed by the center-right Republicans and the far-right National Front of Marine Le Pen in a close race for second and third. The leftist party of Jean-Luc Melenchon trails in a distant fourth.
Read More
Java 8 provides Streams, which makes many Collection operations easy. Streaming items from a collector and filtering the data are trivial, as well as are sorting, searching, and computing aggregates. That is, if you are familiar with the many Collectors functions available. We present some of these functions here.
Summing an Integer List
Computing the sum total of numbers in a List? No longer do you need a loop, an iterator, or temporary variables. Assuming numbers contains a List of integers, the following neatly computes the result.
List<Integer> numbers = ...; int sum = numbers.stream().reduce(0, (x, y) -> x+y);
And the following illustrates a collection operation to collect integers from a streams pipeline into a List of integers.
Random random = new Random(); List<Integer> numbers = random .ints(1, 100) .limit(10) .boxed() .collect(Collectors.toList());
Here is another way of computing the sum using Stream.collect() instead of Stream.reduce() as above. You can use either alternative as per your preference.
int sum = numbers.stream().collect(Collectors.summingInt(x->x)); // prints: [90, 93, 61, 84, 26, 95, 61, 19, 51, 44] => sum = 624
Computing Averages
Computing the average of a list of numbers is similarly a piece of cake. The Collectors provide an averagingInt() method for the purpose.
double avg = numbers.stream().collect(Collectors.averagingInt(x->x)); // prints: [90, 93, 61, 84, 26, 95, 61, 19, 51, 44] => avg = 62.4
Maximum and Minimum
Let us also cover finding the maximum and minimum of a List of numbers while we are at it.
Optional<Integer> max = numbers.stream().collect(Collectors.maxBy(Integer::compare)); Optional<Integer> min = numbers.stream().collect(Collectors.minBy(Integer::compare)); // prints: [90, 93, 61, 84, 26, 95, 61, 19, 51, 44] => max = 95 [90, 93, 61, 84, 26, 95, 61, 19, 51, 44] => min = 19
Summarizing in One Shot
Or why bother computing sum, average, etc. separately? Just use summarizingInt() as shown.
IntSummaryStatistics r = numbers.stream().collect(Collectors.summarizingInt(x -> x)); // prints: [21, 99, 13, 11, 14, 99, 77, 42, 32, 34] => IntSummaryStatistics{count=10, sum=442, min=11, average=44.200000, max=99}
Partitioning a List
Let us see how to partition a List of numbers into two lists using a criterion (such as values greater than 50):
Map<Boolean,List<Integer>> parts = numbers.stream().collect(Collectors.partitioningBy(x -> x > 50)); System.out.println(numbers + " =>
" + " true: " + parts.get(true) + "
" + " false: " + parts.get(false) + "
"); // prints; [77, 52, 52, 15, 81, 59, 38, 70, 55, 61] => true: [77, 52, 52, 81, 59, 70, 55, 61] false: [15, 38]
Summary
The Java 8 Collectors class provides useful implementations, which can be used by Streams' collect() method. Some of these operations presented here include computing sums, averages, maximums, and minimums. Partitioning a List based on a predicate returns a pair of Lists enclosed in a Map.
August 2015
Please note that republishing this article in full or in part is only allowed under the conditions described here.
Bypassing Malware Scanning in Sophos UTM Web Protection - Again
Intro
This article describes several ways of employing uncommon or invalid HTTP responses to transport malware from server to client without being detected by Sophos UTM Web Protection. All of these bypasses got reported to Sophos and most of them are fixed by now.
What is Sophos UTM Web Protection
Sophos UTM is a firewall with deep inspection capabilities, i.e. not a simple packet filter. Formerly called IPS or Secure Gateway these class of firewalls are now mostly advertised as Unified Threat Managment (UTM) or Next Generation Firewall (NGFW).
According to their product page Sophos sees its UTM and Next-Gen Firewall as "The Ultimate Security Package" and sees itself as an "Industry leader" because of reports of Gartner and "Sophos SG Series was named Best UTM Solution at the SC Awards 2015.".
Web traffic is handled by Sophos UTM at the application layer by a proxy which allows deeper inspection and also modification of the content.
From the product description of Sophos UTM Web Protection:
We block the latest web threats using advanced techniques like JavaScript emulation and Live Protection cloud lookups to detect malicious web code before it reaches the browser. It also prevents infected systems from calling home with sensitive data. Our engine inspects all HTTP, HTTPS and FTP traffic, including active content like Active X, Flash, cookies, VBScript, Java and JavaScript.
Unfortunately, in order to inspect the web code their engine must get reliable access to the content first. And while the trivial bypass by simply using to deflate compresssion was fixed in 12/2014 a closer look revealed more bypass vectors.
Bypass Using Double Compression
The first bypass was possible by using multiple compressions at the same time. This is the same attack I've already published in 07/2013 where I reported bypasses for several IDS and virustotal.com. And while Sophos UTM could not be bypassed if the first encoding was gzip, it could be bypassed when the first encoding was deflated like in
Content-encoding: deflate Content-encoding: gzip ...content first compressed with deflate and then with gzip
The issue was reported to Sophos on 2015/05/03 and was fixed with version 9.314-13
on 2015/07/31. Affected are all browsers which support multiple compressions, that is all modern browsers except Internet Explorer. From the announcement:
34907 HTTP Proxy: deflate zlib data according to RFC
Unfortunately this short description does not tell the impact of the problem, i.e. the full bypass of protection. Nor does Sophos acknowledge that this bug report came from an external researcher (me).
Bypass Using Weird Content-Length
The Content-length is used to give the size of the content. By using a weird value for the Content-length together with line-folding another bypass was possible. To bypass the firewall with the EICAR test virus (68 bytes) the following response could be used:
HTTP/1.0 200 ok Content-length: 68 34 Content-type: application/octet-stream X5O!P%@AP[4\PZX54(P^)7CC)7}$EICAR-STANDARD-ANTIVIRUS-TEST-FILE!$H+H*
Different variations of this bypass were possible.
The issue was reported to Sophos on 2015/05/13 and was fixed with version 9.314-13 on 2015/07/31. All modern browsers are affected. I did not find any issue in the change log pointing to this exact problem, but from the communicaton with Sophos I know that there was some code cleanup which probably fixed this issue too.
Bypass Using Invalid Headers
Browsers are way too tolerant when parsing HTTP. It looks like that in case of specifically broken responses Sophos UTM does not inspect the content but instead simply passes the broken response to the client. Such broken response headers might contain plain invalid header lines, fields which are not ASCII-only or simple HTTP/0.9 responses which do not contain any headers. Example:
HTTP/1.1 200 ok : Content-length: 68 Content-type: application/octet-stream X5O!P%@AP[4\PZX54(P^)7CC)7}$EICAR-STANDARD-ANTIVIRUS-TEST-FILE!$H+H*
Or simply giving the HTTP version in lower case worked too:
http/1.1 200 ok Content-length: 68 Content-type: application/octet-stream X5O!P%@AP[4\PZX54(P^)7CC)7}$EICAR-STANDARD-ANTIVIRUS-TEST-FILE!$H+H*
All modern browsers are affected by this issue. It was reported to Sophos on 2015/06/25 and was partly fixed with version 9.314-13 on 2015/07/31. But, this fix needs to be explicitly enabled by activating the option "Block unscannable and encrypted files" because Sophos seems to fear that customers run into compatibility issues with broken web sites. They are probably right in that customers will notice if a web site gets broken by the firewall but will not notice if a malicious website simply bypasses the firewall. Too bad a firewall should protect against the latter one :(
There is no specific issue in the change log about the bug and it's impact and that it is not fixed in the default settings. Also, the issue is only partly fixed since some bypasses still work (for more information try my test tool described below).
Acknowledgments and Further Reads
Even though Sophos did not publically acknowdledge me for the bug reports and even though they did not manage to fix everything I still like to thank them for their courage to offer a version of their UTM for home use and that they are open for bug reports from outside.
And while this kind of bypasses can be trivially executed by an attacker one should be aware that firewalls from other vendors are not necessarily better in protecting the client. I'm currently investigating reports that some highly praised Next Generation Firewalls by other vendors can be bypassed with similar techniques.
Thus if you are behind a firewall and are not yet fully lulled into the advertisements of your vendor you might want to check out by yourself how resistent your firewall is against this kind of attacks. This check might be as simple as pointing you browser to my test site and run the "Bulk test firewall evasion with EICAR test virus" there. This test tries to download the harmless EICAR test virus which should be detected by every virus scanner. But even though no harm will be done to your computer by running these tests some firewall vendors still consider this test site malicious, maybe because it shows that their own products can be bypassed. In this case you might set up your own server by using the publically available code.
Information about other kinds of bypasses at the application level can be found at my page about employing the semantic gap for bypasses.
Inside Jokes: Josh Gondelman on 'The Entire Spectrum of Human Potential'
Published Mar 22, 2016
<a data-cke-saved-href="http://rooftopcomedy.bandcamp.com/album/physical-whisper" href="http://rooftopcomedy.bandcamp.com/album/physical-whisper">Physical Whisper by Josh Gondelman</a>
Stand-up comedian, Twitter champion , former preschool teacher, and Last Week Tonight with John Oliver scribe/producer Josh Gondelman is gearing up for the release of their second comedy album, Physical Whisper, out now via Rooftop Comedy The stand-up record is full of brilliantly funny and evocative stories. We asked Gondelman to deconstruct one such bit called "The Entire Spectrum of Human Potential," which documents a profound mass transit trek through New York with their then-girlfriend, as they encounter a mystical former professor who's now a homeless alcoholic and a young boy who is as wide-eyed and curious as can be.First, listen to the joke here:While Gondelman describes it as a "fairly entry-level premise" in terms of NYC stories, they tell it with compelling twists and turns. The story is real but we wanted to know how it got into their act in this form.How soon after this situation did you recognize its potential for a funny story?That happened right away. The joke accordioned outwards. I had that experience where I jumped too quickly from "Oh, what an interesting, fascinating person whose life has taken a very difficult turn," to "Oh, this guy's a lying son of a gun." That was the original kernel of the bit.But it ends up being six, eight minutes and that's because, as I told it, there was more to the story and more to make fun of, of myself, and of the situation. I didn't want to de-humanize this person because that wasn't the joke. The joke was that I was blown away by this circumstance and immediately pivoted to mistrust and cynicism. So I needed to establish the wonderment I felt at first, because otherwise it's just, "Hey, a person down on their luck said something and it wasn't true. Isn't this guy a dick?" And that's not the story.So, it ballooned outwards from beginning and end and I needed to create distance to add more jokes and observations. It happened very quickly, but it was too cynical when I started thinking about it and telling it on stage. So, it got progressively nicer and [more] genuine and introspective.There's a perception that a comedian or observational storyteller has a mind that never turns off. Have you experienced situations where you didn't recognize material until way after the fact?Definitely. There's a bit on my first album about a classroom full of four-year-old girls who wanted to marry this one specific boy in the class and they said, "I'm sorry but I'm going to marry this other boy." I was telling that story to some friends at a party and my girlfriend at the time was like, "You have to tell that on stage. It's a very funny story," and I was like, "Oh, I hadn't even thought about that."The example on this album is a story about my girlfriend doing a very funny, charming thing, as a joke on me. I remember thinking it was a great thing and holding it in my head and telling my friends and they being charmed by my girlfriend's perspective and actions. But I never thought to take it on stage until I told it on a podcast. Then I ended up telling it extemporaneously at a UCB show where you were supposed to not prepare material. You got a word prompt and I got one that reminded of it and then I realized, "Oh, that's a bit."So, I have the dual thing. I don't always recognize when something's a bit and also, I can't turn off my brain! So it's kind of the worst of both worlds!
And, as Ana Avendaño, who handles immigration issues for the A.F.L.-C.I.O., points out, the bill introduces new safeguards against worker exploitation. Workers here on temporary visas are no longer captives of their sponsoring employer; they can change jobs. Workers cannot be deported for blowing the whistle on an abusive or unsafe workplace. There are new protections against human trafficking. The labor federation, with some misgivings, supports the bill.
The bill is especially — perhaps overly — generous to employers at the high end. Any foreigner who gets a graduate degree from an American university in science, technology, engineering or mathematics (STEM in the vernacular) and has a job offer can apply for a green card — even if they or they studied for a field that is already crowded with native job applicants. The bill would award permanent residence to anyone with a Ph.D. in any subject from any university in the world, if they or they have a job offer in that field. (“We want the smartest people here,” Schumer explains.) As the demographer Michael Teitelbaum points out, you can find shortages of skilled labor at some times, in some fields, and in some places, but over all there is plenty of domestic STEM talent looking for work. Teitelbaum suggests the bill would be improved by establishing an independent and authoritative panel, like the one in Britain that advises the government on adjusting the annual visa limits in different skilled specialties based on credible evidence about these labor markets. Schumer's people say what works in Britain would be too cumbersome in a job market of 150 million workers. “By the time you gather the data, it's old,” said Schumer's immigration guru, Leon Fresco.
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that over the first decade the bill will have a negative but minuscule effect on employment and average wages. And then the influx of new workers will improve growth, create jobs and reduce the deficit. Other studies, from the Center for American Progress on the left to the Cato Institute on the libertarian right, have also concluded that the long-term economic effect is positive and substantial. All of these estimates are more than a little speculative, depending on human behavior and government enforcement. But most experts agree that the country will ultimately benefit, as it has in the past, from being the preferred destination of the ambitious, the industrious, the brave, the new.
And as the bill supplies new streams of legal labor, it attempts to restrict the flow of illegal labor. As Doris Meissner of the pro-reform Migration Policy Institute notes, “It replaces a laissez-faire illegal system with a regulated legal system.” Which brings us to ...
CONTROLLING THE BORDERS The $46.3 billion earmarked to double the size of the border patrol, raise fences and install monitoring technology on our Southern flank is a nice stimulus package for border states and a windfall for a few favored technology companies, but it is mostly for show. Forty-percent of those here illegally didn't jump a fence; they simply overstayed a student or tourist visa.
By far the most promising control measure in the bill is one business hates, one that has been overshadowed by the border fortification boondoggle: mandatory employer verification. Employers will now be held accountable for verifying that anyone they hire has a legal right to work here. It replaces the current voluntary system, which is almost universally ignored, with real penalties and real enforcement. Foreign workers will be required to have a tamper-proof ID, including a photo and a fingerprint. Citizens can use a driver's license or a voter ID. The bill also launches a project to design a fraud-proof Social Security card. Some inventive employers will find loopholes. But there are plenty of teeth in those 1,198 pages.
THE 11 MILLION For most liberals I suspect this is the heart of the bill — and not just because Democrats crave the approval of the country's surging Latino constituency. (Although, come to think of it, isn't responding to the electorate what democracies are supposed to do?) The status quo is an undocumented underclass of families living in fear, subject to exploitation and scapegoating, depressing wages by working off the books, denied any say in how they are governed. Unless you think it is realistic to forcibly deport a population the size of New York City plus Chicago (and 21 percent of Americans subscribe to that heartless notion, according to the latest Pew poll), you have to let them out of the shadows.
Published on May 14, 2009 in Architecture
Big media will often give a lot of attention to huge architectural projects like towers in Dubaï or Shanghai. In this list, I'd like to give some exposure to some more human-scaled cool houses.
Wonderful alpine hut by slovenian architecture studio Ofis Arhitekti.
Sleek and minimalist approach to adaptable living, created by dRMM studio.
Reflection of Mineral has received wide architecture and design media attention and numerous international awards, it was designed by architect Yasuhiro Yamashita .
4. Byron Bay House
Located on one of the most famous australian beaches, this house combines eco-friendly materials with modern architecture, by McKay+Partners LLP.
For the nomads out there, the wonderful prefab hangar.
The perfect place to spend some time isolated from the world.
A tea house in Prague, great work by A1Architects.
Not revolutionary, but a nice house by Atelier V.
A house with a view, make sure you take a look at the development on their website.
When building your home becomes an opportunity to change your lifestyle, architecture by Shelter.
Lovely renovation of a wooden house.
How about a house that really integrates with the environment?
A beautiful house in an amazing place.
Superb house by Molnar Freeman studio.
You got to love the display of the wooden structure.
Pretty impressive house, looks like it's about to fall.
Residence based in Nagano, with a tearoom located in the tower.
A house from Poland covered with grass.
Awesome integration to the landscape for this home in British Colombia.
A garden anyone would want to have.
Futuristic architecture from Japan.
Modern design with amazing views.
A beautiful glass home with a tower in Krakow, Poland.
An outdoor home theater on a house, who wouldn't want it?
A recent status update on my LinkedIn account resulted in a nice conversation with a Department of Defense (DoD) civilian on the topic of mentoring, networking, and actively engaging with others. They made mention that in their 20+ years working with military personnel, they had not mentored a single one. They went on to explain that they felt civilians had little to offer in the way of mentorship to those in uniform because they cannot influence evaluations, promotions, nor future assignment. They may be right about the level of influence, but their response struck me as odd because I don't see any of those as roles of a mentor. If I did, I most certainly wouldn't have accumulated the number of civilian mentors and protégés from whom I currently benefit. I am of the mind that mentors do two things…
Facilitate professional/personal development Advise us on how we might navigate a specific set of circumstances
I have never thought that a mentor would directly influence my evaluation, promotability, or future employment; though I will admit that they indirectly help me to influence all three. I certainly hope that those I consider protégés don't see any of those as a primary reason for the relationship we enjoy.
I am certainly not alone by acknowledging I seek out potential mentors who give me a reason to want to learn from, with, and through them. I am also fairly overt about signaling my values and philosophy as a means of giving others who see value in my WHY as a reason to add me to their network. I network with and mentor people not so much because of who they are, but because of who they want to become. Likewise, I seek out mentors who I believe can help me reach my potential, not because I think they might get me promoted or directly influence my future employment.
Last week, I had the distinct honor of promoting a Shipmate to Senior Chief. Officiating the promotion was the honor, the fact that we were in the White House's West Wing was a bonus. The ceremony consisted of three Chiefs being promoted, two with whom I had served during my Executive Officer tour over a decade prior. Years ago, these two Shipmates had given me a reason to want them as part of my network, and the invitation to officiate served as a signal that I had given at least one of them a reason to keep me as part of theirs. When we served together, I was a Lieutenant and they were junior enlisted Sailors. There was not much I could do for them in the way of promotion and there was arguably even less they could do for me (though I will freely admit that both have contributed to my professional fulfillment over the years). All three of us have done pretty well for ourselves since then, yet none of us had any direct influence on the success of the others. That was not the reason we remain a part of each other's lives. The reason is merely a desire to help each other, to lean on each other, and to learn from each other because we cared enough to connect years ago.
True mentorship and meaningful networking don't just happen. They are a direct result of the person we are. Those with protégés give others reason to want to learn from them. Those with mentors give others reason to want to invest in them. I have been mandated to participate in forced mentorship in the past and those relationships never lasted…they were destined to fail. A civilian in my current work-center recently remarked on the number of people who come by my desk to get advice, share information, and just personally connect. I hadn't thought it significant until they pointed out the number of other Officers those same people walked right by to connect with me. They were on to something.
Early in my career, I was warned that leaders should not get close to those whom they are charged to lead. It's a good thing I thought better than to take that advice. No, I don't fraternize. No, I don't play favorites. Yes, I care enough to get close to those with whom I lead. It is true that you can manage a team without getting close, but it is impossible to lead unless you are willing to get close.
How well do you know the people on your team? Who is married? Who has kids? Who has a birthday next month? Who is going through challenging times at home? Who has recently celebrated a significant milestone or has one on the horizon?
During the promotion ceremony, I proudly stood in front of the sizeable audience amassed in the West Wing's Dining Room to celebrate the Sailors to my side, but all I really saw was the three of us. Three Naval Security Group Activity Naples alums (the command we shared over a decade ago) who gave each other reason to maintain contact and made it a point to enjoy this milestone together.
Who are you investing in today?
Who are you giving reason to seek you out as a protégé or mentor?
What will you and your network become over time?
Engage. Connect. Grow.
You were practically attached to your bike as a kid. Get back in the saddle—and back to some fun—with these tips.
Keep It Casual
Pros wear body-hugging dance wear for the slight aero­dynamic advantage at race speeds. For you, no measurable benefit. Most of the casual clothing in your wardrobe will do—just dress for the weather. It's how most of the world does it, and if you have to costume up to take a spin, you'll look dorky and ride less often.
Find Your Sole
The most satisfying pedaling technology is a rubber-soled shoe on a flat, semigrippy pedal. Kids start out like that, but racer worship kicks in with age and steers them astray. Resist. Wear shoes you like and can walk in. Sandals and sneakers work great.
Don't Break Your Heart
The bike industry and media glorify long, fast rides that, over 20 years or so, can lead to atrial fibrillation and increased risk of heart attacks. The “training zone,” where your heart rate is high but sustainable for a few hours, is also the “death zone.” It's much healthier to keep a pace you could continue all day. Rely on burpees and weights for workouts instead.
Get a Bike-of-All-Trades
Your cycling enthusiast friends probably have a 16-pound road racer, a dual-suspension mountain beast, and maybe even an electric commuter. Bike culture gravitates to the extremes. But most situations are best handled by a boring bike with practical-width tires, fenders, racks for gear, and upright (not drop!) handlebars. You don't walk leaning forward 45 degrees, so why pedal that way?
Ride Like You're 11
Kids use bikes to get places and have fun. Adult bikes are marketed as fitness equipment because that's how you market bikes to adults. Don't let that be the boss of you. Ride for joy and transport—like you used to.
Use Your Head
Wear a helmet, but don't count on it to save you. First, 9 ounces of Styrofoam and plastic may pass low-bar impact tests, but they're no match for hard, fast smacks. And second, protective gear encourages you to take risks you might not take without it. Not a winning combination. Ride sensibly—your wits are your best guardian.
WIRED Recommended Gear
1. Odyssey Twisted PC
A broad double-sided pedal like this is all you need for pushing. | $14–18
2. Brooks Cambium C17
Your cheap foam seat is fine, but one of these comfy, versatile saddles made from rubber and cotton is better. | $160
3. Chrome Box Canvas Mirko Sneaker
The forged rubber soles on these durable sneaks won't go click-clack on the office floor. | $85
4. Origin8 CitiClassic
Roadster bars keep your hands well above the saddle height. | $51
Grant Petersen is the founder of Rivendell Bicycle Works and the author of Just Ride: A Radically Practical Guide to Riding Your Bike.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A contestant on the new series of Big Brother, has caused controversy during the first week, by using homophobic and racist slurs against fellow housemates, and has been dropped by their modelling agency for doing so.
Aaryn Gries referred to a gay housemate as “queer”, and said to an Asian-American housemate to “shut up and go and make some rice”.
Talking about housemate Andy's nominations, they said: “No one's going to vote for whoever that queer puts up”.
In a third incident, Gries referred to a black housemate, saying: “Be careful what you say in the dark, you might not be able to see that bitch.”
Zephyr Talent, in Austin, Texas, has said Gris will be dropped from their roster because of the slurs.
“Aaryn, season 15 cast member of Big Brother, revealed prejudices and other beliefs that we do not condone,” the agency said in a statement.
Zephyr continues, ” We certainly find the statements made by Aaryn on the live Internet feed to be offensive. Upon much consideration, we have decided to release Aaryn from their contract with Zephyr Talent.”
The 22-year-old has caused so much controversy with their comments, that many have suggested that they should be ejected from the 15th season Big Brother House.
Under the hood: Astonishing glimpse into secretive rituals and mundane family life of Ku Klux Klan members across America
Anthony Karen gained the trust of far-right group to capture their lives in unguarded moments
They also captured some of their most sacred rituals as well as their domestic day-to-day existence
One of the Klansmen they chronicled is an engineer on a nuclear submarine
Advertisement
American photojournalist Anthony Karen is a man used to the margins of American culture. They have chronicled far-right extremists, the New Black Panthers and even members of the widely-reviled Westboro Baptist Church.
Now they have created an astonishing visual record of the Ku Klux Klan, a white-supremacist organisation known for its white robes with conical hoods.
They gained the trust of KKK members and was able to capture them in candid, unguarded situations that give a unique insight into the world they inhabit.
The New York-based photographer said that despite their horrific beliefs they came across as normal people in their day-to-day lives. They recalled meeting one Klansman shortly after they started the project that worked as an engineer on a nuclear submarine.
White power wedding: 'Little Charlie' shows off their custom made Klan wedding veil as their fiancé watches on. These photographs show the little-seen rituals and home lives of the far-right organisation
Assembly: Klansmen and women during a 'Klonkave' (secret meeting). The KKK is known for its distinctive white conical hoods
They said: 'The majority of the people I've come across are no different than somebody living next door. You'd only know they were in the Klan if they decided to share that with you, had a distinguishing emblem on a T-shirt or a racially-themed tattoo.
'They live normal lives, some with stronger racial overtones than others. There is wealthy and poor, intelligent and unintelligent… just like anywhere else.'
For a secretive and suspicious group wary of outsiders, earning their trust was no easy task. They say they did it by being completely impartial.
Mr Karen, who served as a Marine in their 20s and later became a bodyguard, said: 'You need to give some of yourself in order to receive something back. I spend time with people, I listen to what they have to say and I treat each person as an individual. I don't have to believe what they believe but whenever I'm in someone's space, I feel I'm obliged to observe without judgment.
'Over the years, these organisations and the people I encounter have also seen how I work - I'm respectful of people's privacy, I'm polite and I'm focused.
'Personality plays a big part as well. I'm far from rigid and I like to think that staying approachable is more comforting and reassuring to people.'
As well as photos of their costumes and rituals, the photographs show KKK members in their kitchens, sharing a joke and day-to-day family life.
Standard: A Klansmen and their wife during a flyer drive. The purpose of the drive was to bring attention to a proposition before a local court to remove a flag from a state park
An Imperial Wizard of a southern-based Ku Klux Klan realm takes aim with a pellet gun at a large cockroach (on the piece of paper just below the clock) while their wife and goddaughter try to avoid getting struck by a possible ricochet. Note the noose tattoo running down their back
Candidates wishing to join the Ku Klux Klan partake in a naturalisation ritual, where they become a citizen of the 'Invisible Empire'. It is not unlike becoming a naturalised citizen of the United States, according to the late Imperial Wizard Dale Fox
Members of the group, originally formed by Confederate veterans in the aftermath of the American Civil war, have committed numerous racially-motivated murders and assaults over the past century.
They advocate the seperation of the races, claiming interbreeding between ethnicities goes against God's will (religion is a key part of their beliefs).
In the 1920s they reach the peak of their power, with as many as six million members. Today they are estimated to number between 5-8,000.
One of the group's most famous crimes was the murder of three American civil rights' workers, James Earl Chaney, Andrew Goodman, and Michael Schwerner, who were shot in June 1964 by members of the Mississippi White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, the Neshoba County's Sheriff Office and the Philadelphia Police Department located in Philadelphia, Mississippi.
The three had been attempting to register African Americans to vote. The FBI called its investigation 'Mississippi Burning' - which was later used as the title for a 1988 film loosely based on the case.
National director of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan Thomas Robb (centre) and their family
Members of a Louisiana-based Ku Klux Klan realm joke around at the home of one of their Imperial officers
The pictures show a side of the Klan members and their families that the public rarely sees
Among the others charged with conspiracy in 1967, seven were convicted. None served more than six years in prison.
The unassuming nature of the pictures has led to accusations that their work gives the Klan publicity, a claim they strongly refute.
'If a person was finding him/her self wanting to join the Klan after viewing my images, one would logically come the conclusion that this is something they supported long before these images came along,' they said.
'I prefer to document the Klan at home as opposed to the typical imagery that most anyone can get during a public demonstration. Yes, I'm trying to show the viewers the way certain people who've adopted such beliefs live - they may drink soda, cook and put family photos on the wall just like the rest of us.
'I've witnessed just as much verbal hatred in conversations amongst non-Klan members. I'm not trivialising anything; I'm showing things exactly how I've observed them.
'The project is on the Ku Klux Klan, which alone should offer enough innuendo as to the back-story. My objective is to present a project that's been covered a million times before, but in a non-typical and intimate light… no other rhyme or reason.
An Imperial Officer (right) from a mid-western based Ku Klux Klan realm at the home of their Imperial Wizard and wife (left), shortly before departing for a Christmas party held for members at a local church
Dark hood: The son of an Imperial Wizard of a North Carolina-based Klan realm
Ms Ruth puts the finishing touches on a Klan robe for a 'Knighthawk' which is a security position in the Klan
Host: A Klansman during a unity gathering at their home. The unassuming nature of the pictures has led to accusations that Mr Karen's work gives the Klan publicity, a claim they strongly refutes
'People have the option to turn the page and ignore things that disturb them, it doesn't make it any less real. As far as myself, I'd rather be aware of the things around me.'
They first attended an infamous Klan 'cross burning' ceremony in 2005, buts says members find the term offensive.
They said: 'They prefer “cross lighting” as it “dispels darkness, [and] brings truth and freedom to the world”. It bears witness to the light of Christ, according to their beliefs.
'The cross lighting ceremony is held in sacred covenant to people in the Klan. This holds true for the robes that are worn as well.'
Fiery ritual: Several members of the Four Star White Knights during a family cookout as they prepare for a cross lighting ceremony
Klansmen prepare torches by wrapping them in burlap for a cross lighting ceremony
Domestic life: Members of The Knights Party during a break at the annual congress
Surprisingly, given the Klan's reputation for violence, Mr. Karen says they have never encountered any hostility from members, although they admit to one situation where a small group of drunk racist-skinheads were 'getting on (his) last nerve' during a Klan weekend gathering.
Mr Karen achieved an extraordinary closeness with Klan members. Did they ever feel too close, too friendly, to them?
'Whenever you're granted access into a person's intimate space, you're establishing a relationship based on trust. In my opinion, trust is trust. That doesn't suggest I become complacent with my situation to the point of exploitation, nor does it mean I'm selectively disregarding certain moments to depict something that is not.
'I do admit I try to offer a balanced perspective as to my experiences within marginalized organisations, such as the Ku Klux Klan for example, but to consciously distance myself will in effect (or could) create bias.'
FRESNO, Calif. — If Alzheimer's disease runs in your family, you may want to head over to the produce section at your local grocery store pronto. A study finds a very popular fruit may help ward off the debilitating brain ailment.
Researchers at UCLA discovered that two cups of grapes a day may protect “against significant metabolic decline in Alzheimer-related areas of the brain,” according to a release from the California Table Grape Commission. The report continues: “Low metabolic activity in these areas of the brain is a hallmark of early stage Alzheimer's disease.”
The study, recently published in the journal Experimental Gerontology, had 10 participants receive a daily serving of grape powder equal to about 2.25 cups of grapes a day. Participants in a control group were served a placebo powder that looked and tasted similar to the grape powder. The participants were all suffering from “mild” decline in cognition.
After six months, scans of the participants' brains were taken and cognitive performance was tested. Those who ingested the grape powder maintained healthy levels of metabolic activity in the parts of the brain where Alzheimer's tends to appear first. Those who ingested the placebo showed a metabolic decline in the same areas.
The study also showed that those who consumed the grape powder demonstrated improved metabolic functioning in areas of the brain where cognition and working memory are seen.
“The study examines the impact of grapes as a whole fruit versus isolated compounds and the results suggest that regular intake of grapes may provide a protective effect against early decline associated with Alzheimer's disease,” said Dr. Daniel H. Silverman, lead investigator of the study. “This pilot study contributes to the growing evidence that supports a beneficial role for grapes in neurologic and cardiovascular health, however more clinical studies with larger groups of subjects are needed to confirm the effects observed here.”
Researchers speculate that grapes aid the brain in various ways. They were found to aid in healthy blood flow, maintain healthy levels of a critical chemical that helps support memory, and show beneficial anti-inflammatory effects as well.
According to the Centers for Disease Control, as many as 5 million Americans may suffer from Alzheimer's. By 2050, that number is expected to rise to 14 million. Symptoms typically first appear in an individual after age 60, and memory struggles are typically the first symptoms. There is no known cure for the disease.
﻿
Like studies? Follow us on Facebook!
North Car­o­lina Gov. Pat Mc­Crory is ready­ing for one of the most com­pet­it­ive gubernat­ori­al races of 2016, and two years in­to their first term, Mc­Crory is still try­ing to smooth over their greatest vul­ner­ab­il­ity: not their Demo­crat­ic op­pon­ent, but their rocky re­la­tion­ship with con­ser­vat­ives in the North Car­o­lina le­gis­lature.
Mc­Crory is a mod­er­ate Re­pub­lic­an and former may­or of Char­lotte, and when they took of­fice in 2013, they were steam­rolled by con­ser­vat­ive lead­ers in the le­gis­lature eager to push their agenda after spend­ing dec­ades in the minor­ity. While there's some evid­ence the re­la­tion­ship is bet­ter now, the head­ache hasn't totally gone away, and it could leave an open­ing for Demo­crat­ic At­tor­ney Gen­er­al Roy Cooper, their likely op­pon­ent.
Right now, a con­tro­ver­sial abor­tion bill is cur­rently work­ing its way through the state Sen­ate, and the fate of Mc­Crory's big hope for the year—put­ting $3 bil­lion worth of trans­port­a­tion and in­fra­struc­ture bond meas­ures on the statewide bal­lot—re­mains un­cer­tain. Statewide bond meas­ures must first be ap­proved by the Gen­er­al As­sembly be­fore they can go to voters.
Just as con­ser­vat­ive le­gis­la­tion and in­tra-Re­pub­lic­an fights in Raleigh threatened Re­pub­lic­an Thom Tillis's Sen­ate run in 2014, they could hamper Mc­Crory next year. The Raleigh News & Ob­serv­er re­cently pre­dicted: “How well Mc­Crory nav­ig­ates the Gen­er­al As­sembly will dic­tate how much of their agenda they can ac­com­plish—and po­s­i­tion him­self for reelec­tion in 2016.”
This is not a new is­sue for the gov­ernor. In 2013, be­fore Mc­Crory had time to fully lay out their agenda or even staff up the gov­ernor's of­fice, Re­pub­lic­an le­gis­lat­ors passed a series of re­stric­tions on vot­ing rights and abor­tion, and they made cuts to edu­ca­tion and un­em­ploy­ment be­ne­fits that sparked pas­sion­ate protests and at­trac­ted na­tion­al at­ten­tion. More than 40 per­cent of Demo­crat­ic TV ads in last year's Sen­ate race fo­cused on edu­ca­tion after those cuts; for a time, it looked like they would cost Tillis the race. Mc­Crory's ap­prov­al rat­ing has fallen to­ward the le­gis­lature's low rat­ing in that time, too.
In a sense, the abor­tion meas­ure pending in the state Sen­ate “is kind of a mi­cro­cosm of what's been go­ing on dur­ing [Mc­Crory's] time as gov­ernor,” ac­cord­ing to Cooper ad­viser Mor­gan Jack­son.
The abor­tion meas­ure would triple the re­quired wait peri­od for wo­men seek­ing abor­tions from 24 to 72 hours. Wait peri­ods are not un­com­mon, but the length of this one would be un­usu­al. Ac­cord­ing to the Kais­er Fam­ily Found­a­tion, 26 states have wait peri­od re­quire­ments, but only three states en­force a 72-hour wait peri­od. The bill already passed through the state House and is ex­pec­ted to come up for a vote in the Sen­ate in the com­ing days or weeks.
Mc­Crory won't say wheth­er they plan to veto the bill. They have gen­er­ally proven un­will­ing to veto le­gis­la­tion they disagree with, in­stead opt­ing to let items be­come law without their sig­na­ture.
Dur­ing their time as gov­ernor, Mc­Crory has of­ten been forced to fall in line be­hind the agenda of Re­pub­lic­an le­gis­lat­ors (in­stead of the oth­er way around) or risk ali­en­at­ing him­self from more con­ser­vat­ive mem­bers of their own party. But there have been no­tice­able changes for Mc­Crory dur­ing this year's le­gis­lat­ive ses­sion re­l­at­ive to years past, which could of­fer evid­ence that he's ex­ert­ing more in­flu­ence as he's gained ex­per­i­ence—and the 2016 elec­tion draws closer.
The Mc­Crory ad­min­is­tra­tion was able to strip out a more con­tro­ver­sial sec­tion of the abor­tion bill that would have barred med­ic­al schools as­so­ci­ated with the state uni­versity sys­tem from provid­ing abor­tion ser­vices. The gov­ernor also voiced their op­pos­i­tion to a re­li­gious free­dom bill in­tro­duced this year that was sim­il­ar to the one passed in In­di­ana, and the bill was sub­sequently tabled.
Some see this as a change in strategy on Mc­Crory's part. He's been voicing their opin­ion on con­tro­ver­sial meas­ures earli­er in the le­gis­lat­ive pro­cess, and has been more act­ive in try­ing to shape out­comes by at­tend­ing com­mit­tee hear­ings and in­vit­ing law­makers to meet with him.
Mc­Crory sup­port­ers are eager to give the gov­ernor cred­it for these less tu­mul­tu­ous times. Even if the abor­tion bill be­comes law, it ap­pears to be one of few con­tro­ver­sial meas­ures that might make it out of ses­sion, re­l­at­ive to the cas­cade of con­tro­versy that reigned down two years ago. “He's work­ing the polit­ic­al side of this job as good as I've seen them work it since they got in of­fice,” former Mc­Crory strategist Chris Sin­clair said. “He's found their sea legs.”
Oth­ers, however, don't ne­ces­sar­ily see it that way, in­clud­ing oth­er Re­pub­lic­ans. One prom­in­ent North Car­o­lina GOP op­er­at­ive, who re­ques­ted an­onym­ity in or­der to speak freely, thinks Mc­Crory's re­la­tion­ship with the le­gis­lature ac­tu­ally has de­teri­or­ated: “I think if any­thing it's got­ten worse, in their deal­ing with the le­gis­lature, and there's just worse blood. I think it's par­tially ideo­logy, but it's more per­son­al­ity.”
That par­tic­u­lar op­er­at­ive poin­ted to a law­suit that Mc­Crory filed against the le­gis­lature last year seek­ing more con­sti­tu­tion­al au­thor­ity to make ap­point­ments as evid­ence that the power struggle is real, and on­go­ing.
The op­er­at­ive also noted that some ele­ments of the gov­ernor's dif­fer­ences with le­gis­lat­ive lead­ers are likely in­tract­able. As a former big-city may­or, Mc­Crory as­sumed of­fice with the in­terests of the state's urb­an areas in mind, while most Re­pub­lic­an lead­ers hail from rur­al areas. Their pri­or­it­ies per­en­ni­ally clash, par­tic­u­larly dur­ing de­bates over eco­nom­ic in­cent­ives and how to al­loc­ate the state's tax dol­lars.
Demo­crat­ic con­sult­ant Thomas Mills thinks le­gis­lat­ive Re­pub­lic­ans de­serve more cred­it than Mc­Crory for the re­l­at­ively co­oper­at­ive im­age they've been able to pro­ject re­cently. “Every­body in the le­gis­lature un­der­stands he's run­ning for reelec­tion and they're not go­ing to stick their thumb in their eye like they did in 2013,” Mills said.
If Mc­Crory con­tin­ues to get bogged down in con­tro­ver­sial items pushed by the le­gis­lature, their reelec­tion pro­spects could be in ser­i­ous danger. Cooper is ex­pec­ted to present a cred­ible chal­lenge, and most pub­lic polls have shown the pair run­ning neck-and-neck. But it's what hap­pens dur­ing the le­gis­lat­ive ses­sion, be­fore Cooper even an­nounces their cam­paign, that could pose the biggest threat to Mc­Crory's reelec­tion hopes.
by David P. Greisman
Nonito Donaire had belonged there in New York City, standing on the stage at the Capitale in Lower Manhattan, recognized last Thursday as the best fighter of 2012 by the Boxing Writers Association of America.
And they also belonged, two nights later, in a boxing ring set up on the stage at Radio City Music Hall, just north of Times Square, headlining a major boxing card and appearing in the main event of an HBO broadcast.
But being the best fighter in a given year does not necessarily make a boxer superior to their rivals. The award is based on accomplishments, on the résumé compiled within a 12-month span. It is an honor bestowed for what has happened in the past — not at all a promise of what is to come.
“You are only as good as your last fight.” It is a cliché, but many clichés are grounded in truth, idioms that become axioms.
Donaire was the best boxer last year. That meant little last Saturday, when Guillermo Rigondeaux proved themselves to be far better.
That shouldn't lead to a conclusion that Donaire had been overrated. They were deserving of their ranking — and in a sport where rankings mean little if those rated below you are of questionable quality, Donaire was also deserving of respect. Their victories in 2012 did not come against great opponents, but they were good wins nonetheless.
In their four fights over a 10-month period, Donaire captured a vacant world title in their first bout at 122 pounds with a decision over Wilfredo Vazquez Jr., unified belts by beating Jeffrey Mathebula by decision, took out one of the other best junior featherweights by scoring a technical knockout over Toshiaki Nishioka, then finished the year with an easy knockout of Jorge Arce.
Yes, Arce was faded and outsized. Nishioka had not fought in a year and also was aging. Mathebula was good but otherwise unheralded to those who hadn't followed their bouts overseas over the years. And Vazquez was just two fights removed from being stopped by the asupervisorstioned Arce. These were quality wins that placed Donaire toward the top of the division.
They were one of the best. They just needed to show that against one of two other claimants: Abner Mares or Guillermo Rigondeaux.
Those imagining the action between Donaire and Mares were excited about the prospect but realistic about the possibility — or, rather, impossibility — of it happening. After all, Donaire is promoted by Top Rank and is featured on HBO, while Mares is promoted by rival company Golden Boy and is featured on Showtime.
Those picturing the matchup between Donaire and their promotional stablemate, Rigondeaux, were less excited but still intrigued, given the speed and talent of the two fighters. It was quite possible that it would be a chess match between two counter-punchers, but there also would be suspense in the air while those watching waited for a clean, heavy shot to land.
Rigondeaux's 2012 wasn't as strong on paper as that of Donaire; they had started the year with a knockout of unproven titleholder Rico Ramos, went on to demolish the often-entertaining but less-than-world-class Teon Kennedy, and then took a decision over Robert Marroquin. Yet this run was Rigondeaux biding their time, staying busy until another top fighter became available.
They looked like they had the proverbial goods. They had two gold medals from the Olympics in 2000 and 2004, had been an acclaimed amateur with an exemplary 400-fight career as part of the respected Cuban boxing program, and seemed to have the style and skills to ascend through the professional ranks.
Still, Rigondeaux had only fought 11 times as a pro before Saturday, dating back to their May 2009 debut. Donaire, meanwhile, had 32 pro bouts, including 11 since April 2009, many of those wins coming against higher quality opponents than those listed on Rigondeaux's record.
That didn't matter. Rigondeaux wasn't just superior — they were superlative.
Donaire's rise into stardom has come from their concussive power and sizzling speed. Rigondeaux easily negated both. Donaire had vowed to make the fight exciting, and they had spoken of going for a knockout. Yet they made a mistake in trying to make a fight out of a boxing match. Rigondeaux's movement around the ring and under and away from punches frustrated Donaire. Their hands were even faster than Donaire's, and their ability to land accurate counter shots further stymied Donaire's offensive output.
Donaire threw only 352 punches over the course of 12 rounds, according to CompuBox — an average of less than 30 punches per round. They landed just 82 of them, fewer than one in every four thrown, for an average of about 7 shots hitting their target each round — barely more than 2 per minute. In terms of power punches, Donaire was 64 of 214, landing an average of about five out of just 18 thrown per round.
Rigondeaux avoided Donaire's dangerous power by limiting their own activity, sending out just 396 punches in total, landing 129, according to CompuBox. Rarely did they leave themselves vulnerable by throwing power punches; they threw even less than Donaire, at 176 (about 15 per round) but landed slightly more than Donaire at 73 (about 6 per round). When they did throw for power, they often landed, connecting at a 41 percent rate.
They did get knocked down in the 10th round, though, caught with their hands low as Donaire extricated themselves from a clinch. Donaire did land cleanly on other occasions, but this would be their only true highlight. Rigondeaux had won a majority of the rounds before then, and they would finish the fight with emphasis, landing a southpaw left cross in the 12th round that hit Donaire flush on the eye. The blow immediately had Donaire in danger, as they affixed their right glove to that part of their face in an attempt to ward off any further damage.
The fight made it to the final bell and went to the scorecards. Rigondeaux won by unanimous decision.
It had been the wrong fight, strategically, for Donaire. But it had been the right match at this point in their career.
No fighter wants to reach their limit, but not all boxers need to challenge themselves against the best in order to prove their place in the sport. Arturo Gatti didn't need to face Floyd Mayweather, not when they were already respected for what they were (rather than for what they never could be).
The truly elite fighters, however — and those who, at the least, believe they are elite — should step up the level of competition at some point for the sake of personal pride and their greater legacy.
Donaire had done particularly well as a pro during the past five and a half years, beginning with their stunning stoppage of Vic Darchinyan in 2007, reemerging into the spotlight in early 2011 with their highlight-reel win over Fernando Montiel, and continuing on with the victories that earned them the “Fighter of the Year” award for 2012.
They belonged in any conversation regarding the best boxers at 122 pounds. They needed to earn that top spot, though, given that the debate also included other names.
Abner Mares has moved up to featherweight. So, too, will Donaire, according to what the defeated boxer said after their loss on Saturday.
Donaire met their match. Rigondeaux is the best junior featherweight in the world.
Canelo Alvarez, meanwhile, is in a similar (though far from identical) situation.
Alvarez's fight this coming Saturday against Austin Trout will not end with one man being inarguably the best fighter at 154 pounds. But the bout brings a much-needed step up for Alvarez — one that they didn't necessarily need to take just yet, but one they wanted to take anyway.
Alvarez is 41-0-1 with 30 knockouts and has held a world title for nearly two years and through four defenses. Not a single one of those wins came against an opponent currently ranked in the top 10 in ratings compiled by assorted boxing writers.
Nevertheless, Alvarez is a sensational attraction, bringing in massive ratings in their native Mexico and drawing sizable crowds to their bouts both in their home country and in the United States. They were reportedly in negotiations for a pay-per-view main event this coming September against Floyd Mayweather, though that fight has not yet been finalized.
Alvarez could have merely remained busy, remained away from danger and in contention for a match with Mayweather. Instead, they will meet Trout, a skilled junior middleweight who has also held a world title for about two years, and through four defenses, but had done so with far less fanfare until a win this past December over Miguel Cotto.
It is a risk for Alvarez, one that either will bring more respect and even greater rewards — or one that will end with them reaching their limit earlier than they hoped would happen.
The 10 Count will return next week.
“Fighting Words” appears every Monday on BoxingScene.com. David P. Greisman is a member of the Boxing Writers Association of America. Follow David on Twitter @fightingwords2 or send questions/comments via email at [email protected]
Back in 2013, Google launched Play for Education, a program that made it easier for educators to purchase apps and books and distribute them to their students' Android tablets. Now, this program is coming to an end. As first reported by CRN and also confirmed by us today, Google will stop selling Play for Education licenses on March 14.
From what we understand, Google will continue to support existing Play for Education users until the end-of-life date of their tablets and teachers will continue to have access to Play for Education to find content and push it out to their students.
“As of March 14 or later, Google will no longer sell Google Play for Education licenses. We're committed to providing schools with the best-in-class tools for the classroom, including Chromebooks, which are the #1 selling device in US K-12 education, and a strong and growing ecosystem of educational apps,” a Google spokesperson told us. “We'll continue to support our Google Play for Education customers and the devices that they have purchased.”
Play for Education first launched in the U.S., but Google made a push to bring it to Canada and the U.K. last year.
While Google is discontinuing Play for Education, teachers and administrators can still use Google's and its partners' other device management services to push educational apps from the Play Store to tablets, as well. Unlike Google's Play for Education program, which only supported a small number of tablets, these management solutions also support virtually all Android tablets on the market.
It's also important to remember that Google's Chromebooks — including those with touchscreens — have made strong inroads into the educational markets. Android tablets, on the other hand, haven't been quite the same hit with administrators and teachers. For the most part, Chromebooks are also cheaper and their keyboards probably make them a better fit in the classroom anyway.
The Cayman Islands has scored another massive achievement, by attracting an England national football team for a tournament here in the summer.
The second biennial CONCACAF Boys' Youth Tournament will see the England team compete with 34 CONCACAF countries to be the next Under-15 champion. That addition makes it the biggest tournament the region has ever hosted.
“Our focus has always been on development and increasing the international exposure for our young players,” said CONCACAF president Jeffrey Webb. “Competition this year will be fierce, and there will certainly be stellar performances to watch as England participates with the best of CONCACAF's talents.”
From Aug. 11-23, teams from the Caribbean and Central and North America will compete in Grand Cayman, Cayman Brac and Jamaica during the group stage.
The semifinals and finals will be hosted in Grand Cayman. Greg Dyke, chairperson of England's Football Association, said, “On behalf of the FA, we are delighted to accept this invitation.
“An essential part of development football is broadening players' experience – both on and off the pitch – and giving them the chance to regularly test themselves against different styles and systems. I am sure it will be a great competition and wish all taking part the very best of luck.”
From a local hosting perspective, the Cayman Islands Minister of Sports Osbourne Bodden said, “This tournament is already making history for being the largest of its kind to be hosted in the Cayman Islands.
“To have the English national U-15 team compete adds to its growing status and prestige and is a welcomed addition to the tournament.”
Bodden also said that it is a credit to CONCACAF and to the Cayman Islands “to have developed the capacity to host a tournament of such caliber to attract so many quality teams from across the region and beyond.”
CONCACAF teams scheduled to participate are: Antigua and Barbuda, Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, Bermuda, Bonaire, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, Cuba, Curacao, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Grenada, Guadeloupe, Haiti, Jamaica, Puerto Rico, Saint-Martin, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, U.S. Virgin Islands, Belize, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama Canada, Mexico and the United States.
Honduras won the inaugural competition two years ago, beating Guatemala 2-1 in the final. Cayman just missed out on reaching the semifinals but at least boasted the tournament's top scorer in Leighton Thomas Jr., who hit 11 goals.
NEW YORK -- Even before the Obama administration formally tightened executive compensation at bailed-out companies, the prospect of pay cuts had led some top employees to depart.
The administration had tasked Kenneth Feinberg, the Treasury Department's special master on compensation, to evaluate the pay packages of 25 of the most highly compensated executives at each of seven firms receiving exceptionally large amounts of taxpayer assistance.
But Thursday, they ruled only on slightly more than three quarters of the pay packages that were to be under their purview. The balance reflected executives who have left since they began their work in June or will be gone by the end of the year.
Many executives were driven away by the uncertainty of working for companies closely overseen by Washington, opting instead for firms not under the microscope, including competitors that have already returned the bailout funds to the government, according to executives and supervisors at the companies.
"There's no question people have left because of uncertainty of our ability to pay," said an executive at one of the affected firms. "It's a highly competitive market out there."
At Bank of America, for instance, only 14 of the 25 highly paid executives remained by the time Feinberg announced their decision. Under their plan, compensation for the most highly paid employees at the bank would be a maximum of $9.9 million. The bank had sought permission to pay as much as $21 million, according to Treasury Department documents.
At American International Group, only 13 people of the top 25 were still on hand for Feinberg's decision.
Feinberg did not detail how they plan to tackle the politically sensitive issue of nearly $200 million in bonuses due in March to employees at AIG Financial Products, the unit whose complex derivatives contracts led to the collapse of AIG last fall. Feinberg has urged the company to find a way to scale back the bonuses in hopes of preventing another round of public outrage.
In their written ruling Thursday, Feinberg noted that the firm had played a role "in the events necessitating taxpayer intervention," and concluded that AIG Financial Products employees should be paid only what their base salaries were on Dec. 31, 2008. In addition, they said that they continue to urge company officials to recoup the bonus payments that some Financial Products employees pledged to repay earlier this spring but did not. Until that issue is resolved, they wrote, employees should receive no pay in addition to their base salaries.
That news drew scorn Thursday from employees at AIG Financial Products who said they had repeatedly offered to rework their pay arrangements but that Feinberg was unwilling to work with them.
"He has zero credibility with FP employees at this point," said one employee, who was not authorized to speak on the record. "It's a very demoralized workforce."
Several of the companies said they had already been making changes in their compensation plans to better link executive pay to performance and that their compensation committees had worked closely with Feinberg's team to come up with a final plan reflecting that principle.
"We've been going down that road," said Bob Stickler, a Bank of America spokesperson. "This is really more of the same." But they also said that the ruling "does go pretty far and there are competitive issues we're worried about."
On Wall Street, reaction to Feinberg's ruling was swift, with some executives arguing that it will further handicap the most troubled firms by driving away top employees while making companies unwilling to promote rising stars for fear of bringing them to Feinberg's attention.
But Nomi Prins, a former Goldman Sachs employee, said Feinberg's rulings are unlikely to change the culture of bonuses on Wall Street.
"I don't think Wall Street is afraid of this at all," said Prins, author of "It Takes a Pillage: Behind the Bailouts, Bonuses, and Backroom Deals from Washington to Wall Street."
"It's going to affect a small portion of a small portion of the industry. It won't have a lasting impact."
Pamela Geller is reporting that the Ft. Lauderdale shooter today was previously known to the FBI, and that in November they had walked into an FBI office in Anchorage, Alaska claiming they were being forced to fight for ISIS.
PamelaGeller.com reports that "The Fort Lauderdale gunman was known to FBi for four months prior to this massacre":
Broward Commissioner Chip LaMarca told CBS4 the shooter was a passenger on a Canadian flight with a checked gun. They say the shooter claimed their bag at the baggage claim area then took the gun from their bag before going into a bathroom and loading their weapon. They then reportedly came out of the bathroom and began shooting people in the baggage claim area. Law Enforcement sources told CBSNews that in Nov. 2016, they walked into an FBI office in Anchorage, AK claiming they were being forced to fight for ISIS but was sent to a psychiatric hospital after Anchorage police were called. In 2011 or 2012, they were investigated for child porn. Three weapons and a computer were seized but there was not enough evidence to prosecute. Air Canada took to Twitter to deny they had the accused gunman on the flight saying, “We confirm we have no record of a passenger by the name Esteban Santiago, or checked guns, on any of our flights to Fort Lauderdale.”
The alleged shooter and murderer of at least 5 people has been identified as Esteban Santiago Ruiz, 26, of New Jersey. Sources say they had a concealed weapon permit on them and a minor criminal history.
Geller also notes that "after today's shooting, ISIS terrorist channels knew Esteban's name before some news corporations reported it. A U.S. senator gave Esteban's name out live on MSNBC. It is unclear if ISIS channels spread their name before MSNBC."
Islamic terrorism? Wow, that NEVER happens.
TUTHILL PLASTICS GROUP, an injection-moulding company in Clearwater, Florida, recently welcomed a new team member to its factory floor. From their first day on the job they performed the repetitive tasks required of them with dexterity, working comfortably alongside longtime employees. Sawyer, the operative concerned, is one of the fleet of robots now labouring in the world's factories. Instead of replacing people, however, as some earlier industrial robots have, Sawyer is built to work alongside them. For Sawyer is a collaborative robot, also known as a “cobot”.
Direct interaction between robots and humans at work is changing the face—or rather the arms—of manufacturing. Such interaction also means that roboticists need to design effective teammates as well as efficient workers. Cobots operate in a realm where human thoughts, human modes of communication and human safety are paramount. Rethink Robotics, a firm in Boston, had this in mind when it developed Sawyer, a one-armed cobot, and their two-armed colleague, Baxter (both pictured above). These robots are not the isolated moving arms of an assembly-line 'bot. They incorporate cameras and touch sensors. And their most noticeable feature is a screen that displays almost cartoonlike human facial elements.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Such faces are not meant to endear robots to workers (though they do). They are, rather, intended to promote communication between person and machine. For example, when a human reaches for a coffee cup, they or they usually glance towards the cup before doing so. This is a cue indicating the action about to be performed. Sawyer emulates this by “glancing” in the direction they are about to reach, in advance of the motion. That permits people to anticipate the cobot's movements.
Smile and wave
Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) are now pushing this non-verbal conveyance of intention between Baxter and their human colleagues a step further. They are giving cobots the ability to read minds—or, more specifically, to read brain signals. Daniela Rus and their team at MIT have equipped an experimental version of Baxter with an electroencephalography (EEG) decoding system. This takes signals from a set of electrodes attached to a human colleague's scalp and recognises within them characteristic patterns known as error-related potentials. These are generated by a brain when it is making a mistake, and also when it is observing a mistake being made by another. For example, when Baxter recognises an error-related potential from a human teammate who has sorted an item into an incorrect bin, they are able to log the error and fix the mistake, sparing the human the trouble. In the future, Dr Rus hopes, the robot will also be able to recognise such a signal when it, itself, has been seen by a human to make a mistake.
Asking the flesh-and-blood members of a human-cobot team to wear EEG caps at work is probably a stretch (though Dr Rus hopes that, by proving the idea behind them works, they will stimulate the invention of something less intrusive). But there are other ways to bridge the gap between human and 'bot. Both speech and the recognition of facial expressions—in either direction—are options. And several groups are working on these.
Once a channel of communication has been established, regardless of what it is, it needs to be used appropriately. It is important—as anyone who has had to deal with the socially inept will know—that robots understand the right moments to convey messages, and also how much information to convey. Julie Shah, another researcher at MIT, has been analysing the costs and benefits of robot over- and under-communication, and is using that information to design algorithms which can decide when and what communication is appropriate. When attempting to convey a message, a robot must estimate its interlocutor's intentions and what their response is likely to be. If an algorithm calculates that communication will be beneficial, it must then convert the concept to be conveyed into something understandable, whether that be a raised eyebrow or a stream of synthesised speech. Too much information may result in people ignoring messages completely. One feature of Dr Shah's algorithms, therefore, is that they try to take into account what information a human teammate already possesses.
Cobots are not entirely new. BMW, a German car company, brought its first into use in its plant in Spartanburg, South Carolina in 2013. Cobot numbers are, however, growing rapidly. That original BMW cobot, nicknamed Miss Charlotte by their human colleagues, is still mounting sound insulation into car doors. Now, however, they have more than 40 non-human colleagues—and that number is expected to exceed 60 by the end of the year.
Sales of cobots and their software to the vehicle industry are expected to rise by more than 40% a year over the next five years, according to Research and Markets, an international research company. That rapid population growth brings problems of its own—particularly issues of safety. In the past, factory robots have been separated from human workers, sometimes by cages, to stop dangerous interactions with people. But using cobots requires those barriers to be torn down. That risks injury, or even death, unless firm measures are taken to avoid such outcomes.
Most collaborative robots are designed to limit the power and force they can apply. That is a basic precaution. If the robot detects force exceeding a safe level, it stops moving instantly, to ensure there is no risk of injury to anyone. Too much of this stop-start can, however, lower productivity. Dr Shah and their team have found, by tracking in detail human movements such as the relationship between shoulder and elbow, or the swing of the torso, that they can predict where a robot should avoid being next, if it is to avoid human contact.
Dr Rus's team are also looking at safety—in their case by creating robots with softer exteriors. Softer materials not only provide greater dexterity for the 'bot when gripping, but also lessen the risk of injury when incidental contact is made between human and robot. How long, if ever, it will be before such robots truly match the marketing slogan of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation, a fictional firm in Douglas Adams's creation, “The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy”, remains to be seen. But even if not actually fun to be with, your plastic pal will become increasingly effective.
Image caption Warg is currently in a Swedish jail
The Pirate Bay founder Gottfrid Svartholm Warg has been charged with hacking into several Swedish companies and stealing personal data.
They and three other defendants are also accused of attempting to illegally transfer money from a bank.
 They are likely to stand trial next month.
In September 2012 Warg was deported from Cambodia to their native Sweden to serve a one-year jail term for copyright violations related to their involvement in The Pirate Bay.
They were also charged with hacking into the computer servers of Logica, a company that handles Swedish tax documents.
They have now been charged with fresh hacking-related offences, including serious fraud, attempted aggravated fraud and aiding attempted aggravated fraud.
The Pirate Bay was set up in 2003 and quickly became one of the most popular destinations for accessing free films and music.
At its height the site claimed to have more than 30 million users worldwide.
No copyright content is hosted on the site's web servers. Instead, it hosts "torrent" links to TV, film and music files held on its users' computers.
The Pirate Bay recently changed its domain to one in Greenland, fearing that its Swedish domain name was about to be seized. But the Greenland domain was quickly blocked.
The site is back online in Sweden.
If a family member treat each other bad how in the world can that mean family member have tons of friends? If I knew a friend was mistreating their family member good bye to that friendship. If bullies are mean who wants to associate with them? Questions that I can't figure out. Anyone ever had a family member (brother, sister, parent, grandparent, aunt, uncle cousin) all them names due to your autism, or other disabilities? Or look down you because you aren't 100% white? Mom is Korean, and dad is white. I know that there is racial discrimination no matter what country. Perhaps dad's family look down me because I'm half Korean AND have aspergers and LD. Also if you are unmarried, and have no children do any of your family members look down you? How do you handle family get togethers? Do you stay in corner and not talk? Do you mingle with your family? Do you stay home alone especially around holidays like Easter, 4th of July, Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Years?
_________________
Anna
If you're not happy with yourself, you'll never be happy with somebody else. (Don Omar)
European companies involved in construction of South Stream will suffer direct losses of at least €2.5 billion after Russia canceled the project, says a South Stream Transport press release.
The total amount of losses of foreign companies is estimated at €2.82 billion, an official paper said Tuesday.
READ MORE: Putin: Russia forced to withdraw from S. Stream project due to EU stance
Italian energy holding ENI, a subsidiary of which (Saipem) has been contracted to lay the pipeline, will suffer the biggest loss, at €2 billion.
Other European companies that stand to lose big include the German Europipe, which was supposed to supply 50 percent of pipes for the first line, and will lose a €500 million contract. The Japanese Marubeni-Itochu and Sumitomo companies will not get a €320 million order for 40 percent of the pipes supply for the second line of the project.
Austrian oil and gas group OMV which invested in South Stream construction will also be hit hard by the cancelation.
On Monday Russian President Vladimir Putin said that Russia was cancelling the multi-billion South Stream gas project and redirecting its gas supplies to Turkey.
Bulgaria, Serbia and Hungary were quick to react, saying they will lose heavily from the cancelation and now will be forced to look for the alternative gas sources. For Bulgaria, the South Stream breakdown translates to €3 billion in lost investment and 2,500 jobs that could have been created.
READ MORE: Bulgarian pres calls for South Stream Euro partner talks
Hungary said it would possibly increase gas supplies from Azerbaijan. Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic also admitted Tuesday that the cancellation creates unfavorable conditions for Serbian economy.
SAN ANTONIO–When far-right Tea Party radicals held their meeting here on Sunday, February 21, Texas progressives were ready for them.
The Tea Party had “Joe the Plumber,” but we had “Mike the Plumber,” who installs solar water heaters. We also had The Solar and The Geothermal Guys as speakers, too.
A small group of tea partiers had gathered at the restaurant nearby to hear speaker “Joe” at their one year anniversary.
Texas progressives had close to 100 people singing “Happy Birthday” to the Recovery Act.
Later in the day, the tea partiers listened to a global warming denier speak in the restaurant. The progressive rally was in the street by the old railway station. Randy the Geothermal Guy spoke there and explained how Texas has about 500,000 ready-made geothermal drilled wells set up that could be turned into immediate sources of heated energy to produce clean, cheap and renewable electricity.
The most urgent danger to the environment is the use of coal, they said, and if Americans and the rest of the world do not turn to better, cleaner, safer and more renewable energies by 2030, we may be beyond the point of no return as far as the Earth's atmosphere and the livability of the planet are concerned.
The rally focused on green jobs. Plus speakers and sign holders used the word “progressive” repeatedly since rightwing TV personality Glenn Beck has been using it in an evil and denigrating way.
Photos: Vivian Weinstein/PW
58 Splendid-Groovy-Magnificent Things Happening the Moment You're Reading This
This world contains a colossal amount of scary, evil nastiness.
Helpless children are gunned down with increasing regularity in our schools.
Real, honest people face constant discrimination because of the color of their skin pigment.
Innocent civilians are murdered daily because of wars over whose God knows best.
Dedicated life partners are denied marriage because of a natural predisposition to love the same sex.
These things make me sad. They weigh upon me, distress me.
I wonder why we can't stop the madness. Why must we persist this way? Why do we carry on our ancestors' legacies of oppression and hatred?
Of course, simple answers do not exist. It seems the dark side of human nature insists upon rearing its ugly head, despite what we know, despite the risk of humanity's destruction.
Focusing on Solutions
At times when I'd like nothing more than to apparate and leave this Earth behind, I pause and reflect.
If you want to digest books rapidly, I recommend Blinkist. They distill non-fiction books down to potent 15-minute insight-blasts. Try it free.
I remember that a tremendous amount of positivity yet exists, and that I don't have to be a powerless observer of the wickedness. I can be a part of the solution.
I can be an example of love and acceptance. I can sign a petition to reform gun policy. I can bravely raise my voice, and I can push people to reconsider their views.
I certainly cannot do everything, but I can do something. We all can, if we choose. Each one of us can be a force for positive change, and that's something worth smiling about.
Keeping it in Perspective
In the midst of tragic-shit-soup, it's crucial not to become consumed with rage. Anger stifles creativity and incapacitates our ability to work together.
We can fight to alleviate the problems of the world, while still orienting our mindset toward progress that has been made and good things that are happening.
Because while there exists much injustice and filth in this world of ours, there also happens to be much sunshine and hope.
And inevitably, that which we dispense the most time and mental energy upon has the strongest effect on our everyday outlook.
For myself and many others, though, it's often natural to focus on the crapola.
And that's where this post comes in. It's a gentle reminder to you all (and to myself) to remember the brilliant, awesome things in the midst of all the gunk.
It's about counting the victories, despite the setbacks. With that, here are 58 splendid-groovy-magnificent things happening right now.
The Badass-Groovy-Magnificent List
1. Despite astronomical odds against life in the universe, here we are, breathing and singing, pondering and wandering.
2. A future husband and wife are oblivious to all pain and bad feeling, currently sharing their first, magical kiss as teenagers.
3. A courageous man, volunteering to risk their lives as a firefighter, is snatching a child from the clenches of death and returning them to their weeping mother's arms.
4. A generous couple is donating a significant portion of their wealth to feed hundreds of starving families for the next year.
5. Someone is experiencing the immense satisfaction of having realized their lifelong dream, despite countless naysayers telling them it wasn't possible.
6. A fuzzy, orange kitten, who was about to be put down, is now being adopted by someone who will love them and give them a cozy home.
7. After years of prayer and uncertainty, a mother is crying in thanksgiving as they hug their son who has just returned from a war.
8. A brand-new father and mother are gazing affectionately into the curious eyes of their perfect newborn daughter.
9. Millions of books are being printed and read worldwide, provoking thought and transporting people to far-off, magical places.
10. A recovering alcoholic is celebrating 2 years without a drink, reflecting on how their life has transformed.
11. Someone who was once depressed and suicidal is grinning ear to ear, having discovered newfound purpose, solace, and joy.
12. Life is thriving in countless graceful forms that we cannot imagine, both on our planet and elsewhere in the universe.
13. A father is laughing and jogging to keep up as they teach their daughter to ride a bicycle.
14. Stargazers all over the world are wide-eyed and peaceful, basking in the sublime grandeur and mystery of our existence.
15. A child removed from an abusive home has now lived with tender, warmhearted parents for three years.
16. A drowning man's life is being saved by a brave Coast Guardsman.
17. A passionate, expressive musical performance is bringing an audience to tears.
18. Where a forest once burnt to ashes, new trees are once again reaching for the heavens.
19. A lonely fellow is receiving comfort from words written long ago by a now-deceased person.
20. A stranger just stumbled to the ground, and a kind passerby is helping them up, asking if they are alright.
21. The majesty of the rising sun is serving as a beacon of hope for prisoners in nations at war.
22. A family is smiling as they page through their deceased grandfather's legacy of photographs.
23. A once obese man is looking in the mirror, happy with what they see for the first time in years.
24. A man and their wife are hugging and sobbing. He's just been told they beat the cancer.
25. Impoverished children in a developing country are finally receiving an education because volunteers built them a school.
26. A story of courage and adventure is capturing a child's heart and imagination.
27. After decades of dedication to one another, a gay couple's marriage is finally being recognized in the eyes of the law.
28. Two complete strangers are sharing a smile, and they both feel an uplifting bond of humanity.
29. Someone's best friend is hugging and consoling them as they grieve for a parent's death.
30. A group of friends is laughing so uproariously that they can hardly breathe, having just shared a spontaneous moment of hilarity.
31. A cluster of grandkids sits wide-eyed, as their grandparents regale them with stories from their younger years.
32. An innocent man is being acquitted of all charges.
33. A woman's dog is there for them now, at a time when no one else seems to be, and they love each other so much.
34. A pretty girl is bright-eyed and beaming as they read a letter from their long-distance lover.
35. Education and passion are allowing young men and women to escape from neighborhoods of drug abuse and gang violence.
36. Racism fades more and more, day by day, little by little, and togetherness increases.
37. Someone who was once timid is dancing absurdly in public, feeling absolutely liberated.
38. The very same atomic matter that burst forth in supernova explosions billions of years ago is now walking around on two legs, conscious of its existence. It's you.
39. A man is telling a woman they are the most beautiful thing he's ever seen, and they mean it with all their heart and soul.
40. A young child's father just encouraged them to dream and to believe in himself.
41. A student is thanking their hero, a teacher, for challenging and inspiring them
42. Aurora Borealis is sending chills down the spine of a lucky observer.
43. A stranger is donating an organ that will allow a young woman they don't know to live 50 years longer.
44. Children are hopping and splashing about in puddles during a rainstorm.
45. Good ol' gravity is continuing to fix our planet's orbit within the narrow window where life can grow and flourish.
46. Somewhere, it is perfectly silent. Not a sound.
47. A man in a position of power, currently confronted with a moral dilemma, is staying true to righteous principles.
48. Someone is having an epiphany that will forever transform their life.
49. Countless people are waking up excited, because today is a special day for for all sorts of reasons.
50. Countless more people are currently trying something they've never tried before, and loving it.
51. Kids are playing hide-and-go-seek in and around a tree fort built for them by their loving father.
52. A climber is giving one last effort, reaching the summit of a mountain, and gazing in awe upon a glorious landscape.
53. Two people who come from entirely different backgrounds and ways of life are enjoying each other's company, as they've been best friends for years.
54. Thousands of random acts of kindness are happening this moment.
55. A family is hugging one another with tears glistening in their eyes. Having finally been approved for citizenship in a new country, they have renewed hope for a better life.
56. Children are watching the clouds, calling out shapes, daydreaming.
57. Millions of people are traveling in countries that are not their home country, seeing new cultures and broadening their perspective.
58. People are screaming lyrics and dancing recklessly, rocking out to live music or to the stereo in their room. Not worrying, protected from pain by the rhythm they feel.
How was that?
I truly hope that reading this list was an uplifting experience for you. I hope it made you grin, consider, appreciate, and laugh, even.
If you thought this list was spot-on and saucy, bookmark it or try writing your own. I can attest to this being a useful exercise in gratitude and compassion.
Before we part ways, I want to ask you once more to remember this:
We should actively contribute to making this world a better place, while focusing on not allowing its problems to pollute our outlook.
By channeling what is totally rad and peachy in this life, we become happier people and are more capable of intelligent, impactful living.
So, next time humankind is pissing you off, ask yourself if you're unnecessarily wallowing in the grime.
Recall this list, cleanse your mind, and ask how you can chip in to tackle the problem.
I'll be doing likewise.
Your Friend,
Jordan
“When things go wrong, don't go with them.”
― Elvis Presley
P.S. Subscribing for free updates is cooler than the other side of the pillow. Not sure? Read my story.
One more thing. Please leave a comment and add to this list! Let's see how many far-out-funky-fantastic things we can come up with.
And, if you're feeling generous, share this post. This is a message I'd really love to spread far and wide.
Mumbai: A row of police vans lined the gate of the Azad Maidan on Friday, nearly blocking its entrance. A vehicle with a powerful water canon was positioned close by and companies of local and riot control police stood guard as incoming private buses spewed crowds of people marching to the iconic agitational venue.
Amid such tight security arrangements, thousands of safai kamgaar (sanitation workers) from all over Maharashtra, under the banner of New Trade Union Initiative (NTUI) staged a rally, seeking a resolution to their long-pending demands of equal pay for equal work, payment of wage arrears, minimum wage and work security.
Adding an extra edge and heft to the rally was the presence of Kanhaiya Kumar and Jignesh Mewani, who addressed and charged up the crowds.
In a packed Azad Maidan, thousands of workers trooped in from Satara, Miraj, Kolhapur, Nashik, Yavatmal, Amravati, Nagpur, Nanded, Vashi, Thane and Mumbai.
Among them was Geetabai Kamble, who came all the way from Sangli district. They have been working as a conservancy worker on ad hoc basis for 22 years. All those years of cleaning roads earns them only Rs. 800 a month.
“Despite cleaning all the dirt in the villages, we are still hungry,” they say. Being an ad hoc worker, they have to mark their attendance with the local municipal corporation daily, but that does not guarantee any work. In a month, they get work for only about eight days and a daily wage of Rs. 192.
The high security was clearly because of the participation of Kumar and Una agitation leader Mewani. IN their speech, Mewani focused on the need to break the cycle of caste-based occupation. Most sanitation workers are from Dalit communities.
“When the government implements the seventh pay commission scale for these workers, their next generation will be able to free themselves of this caste-based work,” they told The Wire on the sidelines of the rally. To achieve this end, they backed the workers demands for equal pay for equal work.
“In our country, who is a zamindar and who is landless, who is a purohit and who cleans the gutters is pre-decided by caste. We want freedom from this financial slavery. We have to rise against this caste-based oppression. It is a battle for pride and self-respect. So along with the agitation for Rohith Vemula and Una, we also have to fight for roti, kapda aur makan,” they told the rapt gathering.
They said the government should “professionalise” conservancy work and use modern technology so that the next generations are not forced to take up the same work.
Kumar's trademark Azadi slogans charged up the sultry afternoon mood. They and Mewani came down from the stage to join a group of drainage workers, who covered their mouths with black bands to protest against pending wage arrears.
They said the BJP had only managed to change the Congress government, not the country. “This government is only here on a five-year recharge, not a lifetime recharge,” they told the crowds amid cheers.
Kumar said their support for the agitation is as a student. “After I complete my education I will join the workforce. As a student, therefore, I will support labour agitations.” Asked is they had plans to contest elections, Kumar said, “Fighting polls has become a business today. We will do sangharsh (struggle).”
Mewani did not rule out conesting elections at some point, but at the moment they said they did not have a political agenda. They have resigned from the Aam Aadmi Party.
Both leaders also criticised the Modi government, accusing it of being anti-workers' rights and called demonetisation a ‘debacle.'
Mewani termed the BJP, RSS and ABVP “internal security threats.” They said the government had not learnt any lesson from Rohith Vemula's death. “Had it learnt a lesson Najeeb (Ahmed, missing student of JNU) would not have happened.”
THE Northern Powerhouse is in danger of fading away as the next government struggles to cope with the many detailed aspects of Brexit.
None of us across the North, from whatever party, must allow that to happen.
This idea that focuses attention on the North of England's potential for greater prosperity as an outcome of greater investment needs to be carried through, not dropped.
England is the most centralised country in the developed democratic world. It is economically dominated by London and the South East.
Politically, ministers in London decide on the details of school organisation and teaching, hospital priorities, and police numbers – priorities that our counties and cities decided themselves 50 years ago. Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland have been given a useful degree of autonomy, but the North of England is still governed from London.
The city deals with greater Manchester and Liverpool have begun to redress the imbalance. And it's vital that councils across Yorkshire agree on the best framework to give this county an effective voice alongside the devolved administrations.
When I was growing up in Preston, northern towns and cities were still industrial: suffering from outdated machinery and too little reinvestment, but still providing work and prosperity.
The collapse of our industrial base in the 1980s, under Margaret Thatcher's government, left many northern towns behind. Successive Conservative and Labour governments have invested more heavily in greater London and the South-East. George Osborne was right to emphasise transport links as key to northern revival – though they were wrong to suggest that Chinese investors could underwrite it, when Transport for London's massive budget comes out of public funds.
Since Theresa May became Prime Minister, successive delays have been announced in key northern transport schemes. Linking together the key cities across the North, and improving routes between them and the region's industrial and coastal towns, is central to economic growth. No government should let it slip further.
But it's not just transport infrastructure that's vital. Under-spending on education has left the region with too many unskilled people living on low pay and marginal jobs, while we depend on immigrants to fill skilled vacancies.
The cuts that Conservatives are pushing through in spending on schools make it particularly difficult for children from poorer families across the North.
They need encouragement, as well as skills in maths and other subjects that weren't essential for the jobs their parents had. And they need help in moving from school to work. The Conservatives' ambitious plans for apprenticeships, to be paid for by a levy on major employers, will not succeed unless disadvantaged children are supported from nursery and primary school on.
The May government has also talked about ‘industrial strategy'. But that requires local initiative, and local financing, in a country where banks have become more interested in international finance than in funding regional enterprise. Under the 2010-15 coalition, Vince Cable drove through proposals to widen funding for companies – the British Business Bank and the Green Investment Bank. Now the Conservatives are trying to sell these off, rather than funnelling British savings into British enterprise.
The Conservative Party is too much a party of comfortable southern England to give priority to the North. David Cameron, from London and the Cotswolds, has given way to Theresa May, from the Thames Valley. David Davis is the only senior minister sitting for a northern seat.
Media, finance and business, are also firmly London-oriented, dismissive of people from outside their circle – as I've discovered in my own political career.
When Theresa May condemned those who voted Remain in the EU referendum as ‘citizens of nowhere', they failed to admit that the global financial elite who help to fund the Conservative Party fit that description far better than the people across the country who understand national prosperity is linked to our neighbours.
Which is why we need an effective opposition to a government asking voters to trust its leader wherever they may take us. Nick Clegg and Greg Mulholland have argued the case for Yorkshire powerfully in the last Parliament. The more Liberal Democrats from across the North there are in the next Parliament, the more effectively the case for shifting our economy away from an overheated South East will be made.
Don't sit back and hope that policy-makers in London will look after the North. We have to fight to ensure that our interests are promoted in Westminster and Whitehall, after decades of neglect.
Tim Farron is leader of the Liberal Democrats.
Created in Inkscape, edited in Photoshop.Well, here is my latest MLP: FiM comic. I had already begun this comic before I read the Q and A about Trixies background.It may not look much, but this is probably the most complicated pony comic that I've drawn. If you look closely you can see which frame I drew first, because they are the simplest, and which ones I made more complicated as got better at drawing.This comic is a prequel to the episode Boast Busters, though it is based as much to my own Head-Canon as anything that was actually on the show. It's based on the premise that much of a person's success in life is down to getting a good start in life.The main logo was drawn by Greseres ( [link] . The font is Celestia Redux ( [link] The trees in Frame 8 are modeled after the ones in Alpine Night by Boneswolbach ( [link] and sunset in Frame 9 is modeled after this vector ( [link] I also used one of the trees from ZuTheSkunk's MLP Resource: Bgr 001 (generic background) (zutheskunk.deviantart.com/art/MLP-Resource-Bgr-001-generic-background-256276354) in Frame 1.Everything else was either scratch drawn or traced and modified from the show.
A letter published in Nature today announces the first observations of developing black holes in the early Universe. The discovery answers a long-standing question in astronomy: how early on were black holes forming, and what were the earliest ones like? The observations required a clever technique which stretched the capabilities of modern instruments.
We have now imaged many galaxies from early on in the history of the Universe—the first billion years or so after the Big Bang—but evidence for black holes from this time has remained elusive.
Astronomers can spot galaxies from this early period using a phenomenon known as "red shift." As space stretches with the expansion of the Universe, electromagnetic radiation traveling through space is stretched as well. This increases the wavelength, so light that was originally blue will shift toward the red end of the spectrum. By looking at key markers in the spectrum, such as those associated with the element hydrogen, scientists can calculate how much red shift has occurred, and thus, how long the light must have traveled.
Although there's evidence that a black hole exists at the center of every galaxy, their tell-tale signatures have not been detected in these early galaxies. There were two possible explanations for this: one was that the signature was too weak to be detected by current instruments due to complicating factors like its absorption by galactic gas. The other was that these "run-of-the-mill" black holes did not arise until later in cosmic history.
Quasars form at very large black holes, and are the most luminous objects in the Universe. They have been found in a number of these early galaxies because they are easy to detect, but have never been observed in the process of growing, leaving some to wonder if they differed from the smaller black holes we see later on. The new observations essentially eliminate the possibility that early black holes were fundamentally different.
To obtain the observations, the team had to find a way to pick out the extremely faint X-ray signals that would indicate the presence of black holes. Using NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory and Hubble Space Telescope, they zeroed in on the locations of galaxies with large red shifts, meaning they were looking at the early Universe.
Taken one galaxy at a time, the signal would be practically impossible to pick out from the background noise, but the researchers "stacked" a couple hundred such galaxies. By doing so, they were able to detect a significant signal from those galaxies, even though they may have picked up as few as 5 X-ray photons from any one of them. Even at these low numbers, the X-rays they see indicate that there are, in fact, black holes in the earliest galaxies.
From the relative abundance of short and long wavelengths of X-ray radiation, they also determined that those black holes are obscured by large amounts of gas and dust (a sign of rapid growth). That helps explain why they were so difficult to detect, but it also has other implications. Astronomers think that stars first began to burn around 400 million years after the Big Bang, emitting ultraviolet radiation that reionized (stripping the electrons from) some of the Universe's hydrogen. That was the start of an important cosmological era known as the Epoch of Reionization
The gas and dust present around the observed black holes, however, would have prevented the escape of any ultraviolet radiation that could have contributed to reionization, meaning that black holes had little to do with it. Conversely, that means that information about the Epoch of Reionization cannot be used to constrain the history of black holes, which the researchers claim will mean that several current hypotheses need to be revised.
These new observations can't say anything definitive about the origins of the earliest black holes, but they support the idea that black holes and galaxies have coevolved, starting very early on in cosmic history. That may help researchers determine whether the first black holes formed from the collapse of discs of gas and dust or from the collapse of early stars, a lower-mass scenario. Regardless, our picture of what the Universe was like nearly 13 billion years in the past just got a little clearer.
Nature, 2011. DOI: 10.1038/nature10103 (About DOIs).
Listing image by Photo by NASA, ESA, and The Hubble Heritage Team (STScI/AURA)
In light of President Donald Trump announcing the impending repeal of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, House Speaker Paul Ryan is walking back a statement they made last week urging Trump not to end the policy.
After claiming that President Barack Obama "overstepped" their constitutional authority when they implemented DACA, Ryan defended Trump's new policy on Tuesday by arguing that "President Trump was right in their decision. They made the right call."
Advertisement:
Ryan added, "I'm also encouraged by the fact that they gave us time to work out a consensus, to find a compromise. Because these kids don't, for the most part, don't know any other home than the United States."
Ryan's position here contradicts the House Speaker's answer to a question posed last week about what they would do if Trump tried to repeal DACA. During an appearance on their hometown radio station WCLO in Janesville, Wisconsin, Ryan said that Congress was in the process of trying to address GOP concerns with Obama's policy from a legislative standpoint.
When confronted with the possibility that Trump would take the initiative, Ryan replied "I actually don't think they should do that. I believe that this is something that Congress has to fix."
Ryan also expressed dismay at the time for how they felt their predecessor had handled the issue, even as they promised to try to protect the so-called "Dreamers" — children of parents who immigrated illegally to the United States, and who are usually too young to know of any other home.
As Ryan explained, "President Obama does not have the authority to do what they did . . . we've made that very clear. Having said all of that, there are people who are in limbo. These are kids who know no other country, who were brought here by their parents and don't know another home. And so I really do believe there that there needs to be a legislative solution."
Linden Lab is planning to replace the welcome/gateway area for the adult Second Life continent of Zindra – or, more properly, is looking to transition from a Linden Lab managed gateway area to one managed by users. Accordingly Linden Lab put out a call for proposals for interested parties.
The deadline for proposals was the beginning of this month, and Linden Lab says that it is getting close to making a decision, but has not yet done so.
In the meantime, at least one group has announced that their bid has succeeded – which is, at best, jumping the gun and at worst, one of those hoaxes or scams that you tend to get among resident-helper, mentor or police groups that claim affiliation with – or support from – Linden Lab where none exists.
“There is a leading candidate,” Linden Lab's PR Manager, Peter Gray told me, “but we've not yet finalized any agreement or announced our selection. We hope to be able to do so soon.”
As always, if you see any person or group claiming affiliation with Linden Lab and there's no corroborative announcement from Linden Lab, that's a violation of the Second Life Terms of Service, and you should file an abuse-report.
Share this: Twitter
Google
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
More
LinkedIn
Pocket
Pinterest
Print
Tags: Adult content, Peter Gray / Pete Linden, Second Life, Terms of Service/Terms of Use, Virtual Environments and Virtual Worlds, Zindra
Neighbor: East Allentown man traded shots with robbers before killing one
They say east Allentown man was pistol-whipped by three robbers before killing one.
And when the resident of 655 Westminster St. pulled a gun in self-defense, one of the robbers fired at the resident, a man in their 50s, said the neighbor, recounting what the resident told him.
The east Allentown man who shot a robber to death Wednesday night was first pistol-whipped by three robbers acting together, a neighbor said Thursday.
"I heard the pop, pop, pop, pop, pop," neighbor Thomas Hoffman said. "They were shooting at each other.
"I went outside and I didn't see anyone else but my neighbor. Their left eye was all puffed up. They said, 'Call the cops. I just shot somebody.' "
It was 10:40 p.m. Wednesday. In the driveway next door, a man's body lay in a pool of blood.
Lehigh County Coroner Scott Grim on Thursday identified the dead man as Carlos N. Lugo Jr., 35, of the 1700 block of South Hall Street, Allentown.
Lugo had a long record of serious crimes, according to court records.
A day after the shooting, a bullet hole was visible in the 655 Westminster house wall near the driveway. The lower part of the home's garage door was smeared with what appeared to be blood.
Hoffman said their neighbor told them that when one of the robbers fired at him, a bullet went through the wall and hit a picture on another wall inside. None of the residents was shot.
Allentown police said Thursday they are investigating the fatal shooting, but released no further details of the incident a block south of Hanover Avenue. Police did not name the man who fired the fatal shot.
The armed resident told Hoffman that they had just arrived home and was getting out of their car when the three robbers ran up from the darkness and jumped him.
Police cars converged on the neighborhood quickly, Hoffman said.
"Once one car came, there were about 30 of them," they said. "An officer walked over to the body. They had gloves on. They felt for their pulse and then they walked away."
The coroner was on the scene a short time later.
On Wednesday night, the resident's son-in-law, Abi Torres, who also lives nearby, said their father-in-law shouted, "They tried to get me, they tried to get me," while they were briefly being held in handcuffs by police.
The shooter was taken to an area hospital for treatment of their injures and released, police said.
Speaking minutes after the shooting, witnesses said they heard five to seven shots. Most assumed all of the shots were in self-defense. Hoffman was the first to reveal at least one robber also may have had a gun.
by Yvette Carnell
Tulsa, Oklahoma Police Chief Chuck Jordan apologized on Saturday for the Tulsa Police Department's inaction during the 1921 race riot.
“I can not apologize for the actions, inaction and dereliction that those individual officers and their chief exhibited during that dark time,” said Jordan at John Hope Franklin Reconciliation Park. “But as your chief today, I can apologize for our police department. I am sorry and distressed that the Tulsa Police Department did not protect its citizens during those tragic days in 1921.”
Chief Jordan made their comments at an event held in the Greenwood District which was intended to spread cultural awareness of historical events as well as promote entrepreneurship.
In the 1921 riot, whites attacked blacks who were living in the Greenwood area, also known as Black Wall Street. The Tulsa police were not only indifferent, but they also took part in the destruction of the wealthiest black city in America, with officers helping to set fire to the property of blacks who had lived and thrived in that area.
As a result of white supremacist terrorism, an estimated 10,000 blacks were left homeless and 35 city blocks were burned to the ground. Blacks who had been injured during the assault could not even seek medical care because the black hospital was one of the buildings torched by white mobs.
Black Wall Street had its own theaters, grocery stores, independent newspapers, and professional black class before being demolished by an irate white mob angry over a black teen's alleged assault of a white female. Even white attorneys in the area didn't buy the story that the black teen had attacked the white teenager, one reportedly having said, “Why I know that boy, and have known them a good while. That's not in him.”
Chief Jordan told the crowd on Saturday that police during that era abdicated their responsibility and historians shouldn't try to gloss over it.
“I have heard things said like ‘well, that was a different time.' That excuse does not hold water with me. I have been a Tulsa police officer since 1969 and I have witnessed scores of ‘different times.' Not once did I ever consider that those changing times somehow relieved me of my obligation to uphold my oath of office and to protect my fellow Tulsans,” said Jordan.
Jordan said they believe the apology will bring healing and an end old grievances.
Ending old grievances would probably entail a financial payment for the destruction of property and wealth brought on by white armed thugs during that era, but since a federal appeals court decided in 2004 that a statute of limitations precluded the claims brought by riot survivors and descendants, that's unlikely to happen. All over America, especially during the period called Red Summer, blacks were terrorized and run from their property. For the most part, no repayment by the white establishment has ever been offered.
h/t: Tulsa World
Categorised in: Black News, featured, ybw
Orlando City coach Jason Kreis couldn't hold their tongue any longer during a press conference Wednesday night following the Lions' 3-1 loss to Toronto FC.
After all reporters' questions were answered, they paused before telling the room they needed to get something off their chest:
“I've spent the entire season keeping my mouth closed about it, but it's beginning to feel like in this stadium...there are referees that will not make critical calls for us for whatever reason,” Kreis said. “It appears the referees are bending over backwards to show they're not going to show any bias. Perhaps it's due to us having a raucous crowd, but I'm tired of it and...I don't think that we as a club, as fan group, as a coaching staff that we should stand for it. We go away and we feel like the away team on 50/50 calls, and we come home and still feel like the away team, and it's unacceptable.”
When asked why they think the calls are not falling in the Lions' favor, Kreis said:
“I don't know. The only thing I can come up with is one of two reasons: reason No. 1 is maybe our crowd is so raucous and so vocal that the referees feel a little intimidated. The second reason is that they don't respect our team. because we haven't been a team that's made the playoffs, because we don't have, I don't know, the big enough players. Whatever it is, for me it has to stop. I just want things to be level and equal.”
On the television broadcast after the game, Kreis also said the call that led to a free kick in the second half, which Sebastian Giovinco converted to give Toronto a 3-1 lead, was a “phantom call.”
Publicly criticizing referees typically carries a fine in Major League Soccer. That did not deter Kreis, who continued to give examples of what specifically irked him.
“The number of times we've had defenders draped all over Cyle Larin in the box and they go down, we don't get penalty kicks for that,” Kreis said. “The number of times that we've had inadvertent handballs in the box that we don't get calls for, but yet Ricky sticks their arm up a few games ago and gets a penalty kick called against them — it's so many occasions now, that I just can't bear it anymore."
Initial reactions to their comments from both media and fans varied. Some agreed, others thought the match was one of the best officiated this season.
ardelgallo@orlandosentinel.com
After false starts, raised hopes and a U-turn on the road to construction, work on a new mixed-use building downtown Detroit is expected to begin in July.
The Mondrian — named after Dutch painter Piet Mondrian, who inspired the De Stijl architecture mode in which the building is designed — is expected to bring up to 108 apartments and 15,000 square feet of retail space to the west side of Woodward Avenue, south of Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard.
It's been Detroit-based Queen Lillian Development LLC and developer Chris Jackson's tale of stalled and then restarted development efforts at the 1.6-acre site after finishing Queen Lillian I, an $18.4 million medical office building a mile away.
Yes, development and redevelopment have rebounded in a meaningful way in Midtown and downtown. But even in the improved environment, developers of all sizes must hit the occasional curveball and react to changing market conditions.
Planned occupancy of The Mondrian, originally proposed as a complementary 75,000-square-foot medical office building within field-goal length of the Detroit Medical Center, fell through. Queen Lillian couldn't get a construction loan without half of the building preleased due to lending standards.
The tenant that originally expected to occupy the medical office building, the Wayne State University Physicians Group, backed out of discussions after finding another site just up Woodward north of Mack Avenue. (That project hasn't yet begun construction because of the physicians group's financial woes.) The DMC was also courted to occupy the building.
After losing the physicians group, Jackson turned their attention to smaller medical office tenants — the private practices of doctors and dentists, for example. Although they had interested tenants, lenders wanted 50 percent of the building preleased to approve a construction loan.
"We were chipping away at it slowly but surely, but it wasn't getting to that critical mass" of 35,000 or so square feet pre-leased, said Jackson, a former staffer to Detroit City Council President Gil Hill and former part owner of Greektown Casino-Hotel.
Choose from 5, 10 or 15 degrees of tenting with the optional Lift Kit
A conventional flat keyboard puts strain on your hands and arms. Over time that strain adds up and can reduce your performance, or even knock you out of the game all together. With the optional Lift Kit, you can tent one or both key modules to provide a neutral wrist and forearm position for extended gaming sessions. This isn't some gimmick, it's just more comfortable. Note: Palm Supports are required to use the Lift Kit.
More comfort, control, and desktop real-estate...
The all-new SmartSet Engine lets you fully customize your Freestyle Edge using the four onboard programming keys. There is no need to install any clunky software or special drivers on your computer. You don't even need an internet connection and you don't need to log in to any 3rd party websites, so if our servers go down you're not stranded. The Edge is 100% Plug-and-Play on all major operating systems. And thanks to 4MB of built-in storage, all of your custom settings move with the keyboard.
A good programmable keyboard acts like an extension of your hand. Place critical key actions in intuitive, easy-to-reach locations to cut down on unnecessary movement and speed up your play. Don't reach for the key, bring the key to you.
Programming Cluster powered by Cherry ML mechanical switches
Layout Key
Design and save up to 10 game-specific layouts, and load them with the touch of a button. Each layout has two fully programmable layers for double the customization. Access the embedded layer with the programmable Fn key. Hundreds of additional layouts can be saved to the 4MB v-drive. Layouts are saved as simple .txt files for easy sharing and multi-platform compatibility. You can even download and save popular typing (Dvorak, Colemak, Mac etc) or gaming layouts from KinesisGaming.com.
Macro Key
Record macros on-the-fly and bind them to any key combination or single key (like one of the 8 game keys in the Game Bank). Use the Global Macro Playback Speed shortcut to choose from one of 9 playback speeds (up to a blazing fast 150 actions-per-second) or temporarily disable macros altogether. Macros are saved to specific layouts so you can create custom libraries for different games and applications.
Remap Key
Remap any of the 95 full-size keys with the touch of a button. Don't like the default layout, then change it. Perfect for sending right-side key actions to one of the game keys for one-handed play. Each remap action is a one-way assignment (not a "swap") so you've got total control.
SmartSet Key
The SmartSet key provides one-touch control over LED backlighting, Game Mode, NKRO Mode, the Status Report, and much more. Don't like the layout you just created, use the onboard shortcut to reset all of the macros and remaps in the active layout, and start from scratch. You can even upgrade the firmware right from keyboard (screwdriver not required).
Worried about accidentally triggering an onboard shortcut? Don't be. Just enable Program Lock Mode to temporarily disable all 4 keys in the Programming Cluster.
Prefer a graphical interface for custom programming or just want to visualize your layout or tweak a macro you recorded? Use the SmartSet key to "open" the 4MB virtual storage drive on the Freestyle Edge, and then launch the SmartSet App. The App is only 1MB, so it lives on the keyboard and never gets installed on your computer. Design custom layouts, program & assign devastating macros, and even customize keyboard settings. The App also adds additional macro features not available via onboard programming like individual playback speeds, repeats, and even precise timing delays within a macro.
It's everything you need to program your keyboard, without the bloatware.
At Kinesis we've been using Cherry mechanical switches for more than 25 years because we love the performance and durability of these German-engineered switches. Some keyboard manufacturers are moving away from Cherry to "clone" switches to save money, but they aren't always passing those savings on to you, the customer. In gaming, every key stroke counts, which is why we insist on using only authentic Cherry switches.
The original, and still the best.
We know everyone has their or their favorite Cherry MX switch type (we actually helped Cherry develop the Browns 20 years ago). Down the road we hope to be able to offer the Edge in the full-array of Cherry switches, but for our first manufacturing run we had to make some tough choices. After polling serious gamers, we found that Red, Brown, and Blue switches would work for the largest number of folks. So we apologize in advance to all fans of other switches types out there.
If you're new to mechanical keyboards, we recommend the Browns.
We're even using Cherry ML mechanical switches for the 4 keys in the Programming Cluster. When we say this keyboard is 100% Cherry-mechanical, we mean it.
We like RGB lighting as much as the next guy, but does it boost your performance? Our blue LEDs illuminate the keyboard for gaming in low-light conditions, without any gimmicks. Choose from 9 brightness levels or activate Breathe mode to deliver soothing pulses of light.
Many professional gamers told us that they find backlighting distracting. That's why we designed Pitch Black mode. Disable all the indicator LEDs so your focus is where it belongs, on the game.
Unlike other gaming keyboards, our backlighting on/off switch is fully programmable. Move it out of the way so you don't accidentally hit it, or put it somewhere more convenient for easy access. The choice is yours.
Through-hole mounted LEDs illuminate every key
The Game Bank features 8 dedicated game keys conveniently located to the left of WASD. These game keys are programmed separately for each layout and layer, just like the rest of the keyboard. Assign your favorite macros or relocate any essential right-side keys during one-handed play, or just move the media keys to the top layer. Pretty handy, huh?
If there is another compact, TKL keyboard with Game Keys on the market, we've seen it.
Palm Supports- Every Freestyle Edge comes with palm supports. They easily snap on/off depending on your preference. They can even be paired with our optional cushioned palm pads for maximum comfort.
100% Anti-Ghosting- Because every key switch has its own diode, you'll never get any "phantom" presses like with some cheaper keyboards.
Multimedia Controls- Control your music using F1-F6 in the embedded layer. Not convenient enough, just remap those key actions even closer. Maybe in the Game Bank?
NKRO Mode- 6-key rollover is good enough for most folks. But if you're building the ultimate split gaming keyboard, its gotta have NKRO! Simply use the onboard shortcut to toggle the keyboard into NKRO-over-USB mode. We made NKRO a separate mode to ensure you wouldn't have any issues accessing your BIOS.
1MS Response Time- The Freestyle Edge reports keystrokes 1000 times per second (aka "1000hz polling"), just like other top gaming keyboards.
4MB Onboard Memory- Each Freestyle Edge has a whopping 4MB of onboard memory to store custom layouts, macros, keyboard settings and the SmartSet App. Just don't use it to smuggle any top secret documents...
Game Mode- Temporarily disables all Windows key actions and combinations so you don't accidentally exit out of your game. Trust us, you want this.
Braided Cables- Premium braided cables feel great and are extra sturdy. When you're constantly repositioning the keyboard you need a linking cable that can stand up to a little abuse.
Each layout can be custom programmed to suit your specific gaming and typing style. Create custom game-specific or user-specific layouts that you can quickly load and unload as needed.
Each layout has 2 separate programmable layers. The Embedded "Fn" layer has the 6 standard media actions and "Insert", but otherwise its the same as the top layer and ready to be customized. Perfect for Dvorak/Colemak typing, a numeric 10-key, a left-sided arrow cluster, or whatever else you can dream up.
The embedded layer is like a second layout that you can access on-the-fly
The embedded Fn layer is easily accessed with the Fn key in the lower left corner of the Game Bank. By default the Fn key "toggles" access to the Fn layer on and off, but you can reprogram that key to temporarily "shift" the Fn layer for quick "press-and-hold" access to embedded actions. Not only that, the Fn key can be placed anywhere on the keyboard giving you even more flexibility and control.
Don't need two layers? Just remap over the Fn key and turn the Edge into a basic, single-layer keyboard.
Backlit keyboards look amazing in the dark, but many models have low-contrast key legends that are difficult to read when the backlighting is turned off. To address that issue we're using a special, 3-step paint-and-laser process on our ABS keycaps. It's the same process used on premium laptop keyboards but most gaming keyboard manufacturers cheap out. This 3-step process ensures great light transmission when the LEDs are on, and an incredibly bright legend when the LEDs are off. Truly the best of both worlds.
Here's how it works: 1) each keycap gets a base-layer of translucent white paint, then 2) a top-coat of black paint is applied, then 3) the keycaps are laser engraved to remove just the black layer of paint to create the bright white key legend (not gray plastic). This process costs a little bit more and takes a surprising amount of know-how, but it's totally worth it.
Left: Traditional 2-step gray legend. Right: Special 3-step bright white legending process used on the Freestyle Edge
We know lots of folks like to customize their keycap sets. Because of its split design, the Edge layout is unique, but other than the two 3.5x space bars, all of the other keycaps are standard sizes. The bottom row uses the same keycap sizes as standard 6.5x spacebar keyboards (like most Corsair and Logitech keyboards). The only two special keys are the 1.75x Ctrl and Shift keys on the right side, but you can substitute a Caps Lock key cap with a custom legend.
Building a custom keycap set for your Freestyle Edge is easier than it looks
We're planning to use a single "row style" of keycaps (the standard "home row" sometimes called Row 2 or Row C) to create a sleeker keyboard that allows your fingers to navigate across the keys more quickly. Using an "off-the-rack" keycap set would be cheaper and easier, but we think this will really improve the look and performance of the Edge.
Now don't those look inviting
Plus, a single row style makes it super easy to move any of the 1x1 keys around on the board to suit your custom layouts.
Plug-and-Play, fully programmable (no software or special drivers to install)
O/S: Windows, Mac, Linux & Chrome
Plate-mounted, Cherry MX mechanical switches
Single-color blue LED backlighting (12 modes)
6′ braided USB cable
32-bit Atmel microcontroller
4MB onboard memory
2 year limited warranty
Weight: ~2.5 lbs
Lift Kit and Palm Pads sold separately
SmartSet App is Windows only
Sleek, compact, versatile, and portable...
Participating in this project will help us get the Edge off the ground faster and ramp up our other R&D activities (like on a new Kinesis Gaming mouse).
And more importantly, you'll get early access to the Edge before It's available in stores, and HUGE ONE-TIME ONLY DISCOUNTS that won't be available after launch.
And since we're an established, US-based company, you can pledge with confidence knowing that we can deliver a premium product on-time and for less money.
Note: International customers are responsible for all applicable duties, taxes and brokerage fees. Here is a useful calculator (Keyboard code is 8471602000):
https://www.dutycalculator.com/new-import-duty-and-tax-calculation/
Surprise, the manufacturing process is already underway! These are our best guesses at the timing for the major milestones. We will provide ongoing updates to all of our backers along with a behind-the-scenes perspective into manufacturing this unique keyboard.
After it extended 4G services to new UK towns and cities, Vodafone is now all set to take broadband internet connectivity to Ireland through optical fibres.
Vodafone will join hands with Ireland's Electricity Supply Board (ESB) in a fibre-to-premises broadband initiative that has been set a deadline of 2018.
Once fibre installation work is complete, Vodafone and ESB's joint FTTP initiative promises internet connectivity at speeds ranging up to 1 gigabit per second (Gbps). At this speed, two-hour 1080p high-definition movies can be downloaded in under a minute.
Approximately 500,000 home and business users across 50 major towns and 26 counties could benefit from the venture.
According to a TechRadar report, both Vodafone and Ireland-based ESB will have equal holding in FTTP, and total investments from both the parties are said to cross €450 million.
Also, gigabit internet bandwidth, once official, should put Ireland in the same league as countries such as Japan, with its 2Gbps internet, South Korea and Romania.
Early last year, tech major Google announced its ambitious 'Google Fiber' service that promises fibre-to-premises broadband internet connection at 1Gbps speed. Google's initiative is similar to Vodafone's latest FTTP in the UK.
Google Fiber started off initially in the American city of Kansas, and is currently undergoing expansion within the US.
Earlier this year, Vodafone announced its intention to expand its 'exclusive stores' fleet to 150 across the UK. This move is aimed at creating more job opportunities over the next 12 months.
What do INDIA, ISRAEL, USA, DOLLAR and IMF actually stand for?
The conspiring West and the enemies of Islam are constantly coming up with means to demean our religion and our great country. Most of their efforts are dedicated to mock and taunt us. Because, let's face it, no matter how much worldly development they conjure, they can never reach the status that Muslims and Pakistanis have in the world, and more importantly in the afterlife.
Among many of their petty tactics is the use of satanic acronyms that they propagate through their cunning media, and we end up falling in their vicious trap. Likes for instance, until recently I had no idea that LOL, commonly misperceived as “Laughing Out Loud”, actually stands for “Lucifer Our Lord”. And may Allah bless that dear brother on Facebook who corrected me at the right time, or I'd have worshipped the living daylights out of Lucifer through a laughter veneration mechanism.
Similarly, it took me a little while before I realised that PEPSI stands for “Pay Each Penny to Save Isreal”. Never have I had a sip of that satanic cola after that, but I'm afraid by the time I had experienced the rude awakening I had drunk enough galleons to singlehandedly finance Israel's defence budget till the early 2000s. However, I count myself incredibly fortunate to have found the righteous path just as I was about to strike optimum ignorance.
Sick and tired of these low blows and infinite conspiracies, I went on an Arrivals-esque research surge to ensure that I dug out all the major satanic acronyms that our enemies have created to degrade us. This compilation has taken three years' worth of undercover espionage that took me from Tel Aviv to Washington to Bangalore, and the results are as shocking as they are disgraceful.
Here are some of the most common satanic acronyms that we use almost every day, much to the delight of our enemies.
INDIA
Who would have thought that “India” could have its raison d'etre hidden in its name? Never did anyone think that with names like Bharat and Hindustan already there, why the country would need a third name, and choose to proliferate it more than the other two. The denial of the supremacy of Islam and Muslim rule over the entire region is in the country's name. Ladies and gentlemen, INDIA actually stands for: Islam Never Developed inside Asia.
ISRAEL
What Israel actually stands for isn't surprising, but the fact that over 65 years after its creation no one has been able to unearth it, definitely is. A country whose sole purpose of creation was to counter Islam in a predominantly Islamic region could only have anti-Islamic aims and ambitions, as has been reflected by Israel's actions since its inception. And hence, it shouldn't surprise anyone to find out that ISRAEL actually stands for: Islam Should Remain an Extinct Legacy.
USA
What can a country of Satans hide in its name? Glorification of its satanic identity of course! The very existence of America is dedicated to fighting against God and propagating Satan worship all over the globe. And so, rather predictably, USA stands for: United Satanic Authority; or simply US for: United Satans.
Dollar
As we all know that the dollar is one of the tools that America uses to rubberstamp its global hegemony. But what greater good – rather greater evil – do the Americans achieve from economic monopoly? The answer lies in the name: dollar. It's pretty obvious that America is trying to gulp our wealth and use it for their devilish purposes and hence DOLLAR rather appositely stands for: Donate Our Lucifer Lord All Rupees.
IMF
Anyone with an inkling of worldly know-how knows that the hub of anti-Islamic manoeuvres, especially in the fiscal realm, is the IMF. All the loan deals, all the bailouts have a distinctly bitter anti-Islamic flavour. And so when on a special mission in Washington, I came across a few classified papers revealing what IMF is short for, everything fit seamlessly into picture. IMF obviously stands for: Islam Must Flop.
And now that we know what the names of major anti-Islamic loci stand for, let's take a look at a few IT terms and everyday acronyms that have a satanic core.
WWW
Every time you type, “www” before a site's domain, you're basically admitting that “We Worship Wine”. Now the West knows that wine is forbidden for Muslims, and that we can't imagine worshiping any other entity except Allah, and yet they force us into stating that we worship wine multiple times in a day. The best way to counter this is to completely avoid the “www” and type the domain followed by dot com – that will teach those infidels a lesson.
HTTP
When you type, or see, “HTTP”, you have “How to Trouble Pakistan” on your mind. And so it's no big surprise that most of the global conspiracies against our country originate from the internet. The best way to counter this is, again, by ignoring everything before the domain name, and try not to think of anything when you see HTTP written somewhere on your Internet Explorer.
MEME
The fact that that Islamophobic atheist Richard Dawkins came up with this term should have told the Muslims that they shouldn't use it. “MEME” stands for “Murder Every Muslim Entity” and Dawkins' recent tweets alone tell you how much hate they spew against Muslims. So before you laugh at various memes that your “friends” share, please do realise that it's the devil worshippers who are actually laughing at us.
Everyday acronyms
The Hindustani influence in churning out satanic acronyms has meant that a lot of their creations are now a part of the everyday usage. Acronyms like BTW (Bhagwan the Warrior), OK (Oh Krishna!) and PS (Pakistan Sucks) have unfortunately become ubiquitous now. Also avoid saying ATM, which can mean both “Against the Muslims” or “Atheists Torment Muslims” and even OMG which stands for “One More God” and is an insult to the Islamic concept of Tauheed.
These are just a few examples of how the infidels force us to insult our own religious and nationalistic sentiments on a daily basis. My personal journey, started with LOL and should eventually culminate in an encyclopedia of satanic acronyms to guide our Muslim brothers. Please spread the word and tell your fellow Muslims that when they say LOL they acknowledge Lucifer as their lord; when they LMAO they recognise Lucifer as their absolute omnipotent and when they say ROFL, they do something to Lucifer which cannot unfortunately be printed here.
The writer is a financial journalist and a cultural critic. Email: [email protected], Twitter: @khuldune
MADRID — Mariano Rajoy's Popular Party frowns on dissidence, but there are sounds of discord in the ranks over the acting prime minister's failure to deal effectively with nepotism and corruption.
The conservative PP doesn't have the monopoly on authoritarian leadership in Spanish politics — it was a Socialist deputy prime minister from the 1980s, Alfonso Guerra, who coined a phrase encouraging party discipline: “Anyone who moves won't show up in the picture.”
But Rajoy is the only leader from the main parties to be chosen by their predecessor — in their case, José María Aznar — rather than competing in open primaries like Pedro Sánchez of the main opposition Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), Pablo Iglesias of the far-left Podemos and Albert Rivera of the centrist Ciudadanos.
The crisis of credibility within the PP comes as Spanish politics is stuck in a deadlock that is unprecedented since the return to democracy four decades ago. The electorate faces the prospect of voting for a third time in a year because of party leaders' failure to form a governing coalition after two indecisive elections. Rajoy came first twice, but without a majority; they now have the support of the fourth-biggest party, Ciudadanos, but that is not enough for them to win an investiture vote in Congress.
Opinion polls repeatedly show corruption is the second biggest concern for Spanish citizens, after unemployment, and corruption plagued Rajoy's first term in office, providing a constant stream of negative headlines for the past five years.
“The party leadership is used to making decisions which are never questioned" — Isabel Benjumea
“It's the first time you see such a reaction inside the party,” said Isabel Benjumea, a rank-and-file member of the PP and director of Floridablanca, a minority current within the party that was founded last year and is very critical of Rajoy.
“The party leadership is used to making decisions which are never questioned,” they said. According to Benjumea, the new willingness of some party members to speak out responds partly to their impatience with what they perceive as months of fruitless political wrangling since December's failed election, and partly to Rajoy's mismanagement of the latest scandals affecting the PP.
In hindsight, Rajoy may regret the timing of the announcement that their disgraced friend and former industry minister José Manuel Soria was being sent to Washington with an executive director post at the World Bank paying $250,000 a year. It came just minutes after Rajoy's failed bid for a second term in Congress, on September 2, which raised the prospect of a third election.
Soria had been forced to resign from Rajoy's cabinet in April, following reports in the Panama Papers of their links with offshore companies and Soria's unconvincing explanation. Their World Bank job quickly became a public relations nightmare for the government, and senior figures in the PP spoke out against it. Cristina Cifuentes, the PP's president of the Madrid region, said the nomination “shouldn't have been made.” Alberto Núñez Feijóo, the president of Galicia who will seek re-election on September 25, said it was “difficult to understand for many people.”
Soria relinquished their nomination four days later, though Economy Minister Luis de Guindos still faced calls for their own resignation when they tried to explain it to congress on Tuesday.
Death Star
Pablo Simón, a politics professor at Carlos III University in Madrid, sees three main reasons why Spain is more vulnerable to nepotism in government than most of its European peers: it is excessively easy for civil servants to go back and forth from political posts; far too many jobs in the public administration depend on political connections; and the selection procedures for such jobs are more arbitrary and opaque than in most of the EU. The Soria case blended these three factors, said Simón.
“The PP is like the Death Star, but without an emergency exit” — Ignacio Escolar
On top of that, Benjumea says their party is the most “hierarchical” and enclosed of Spain's political forces, which puts its leadership out of touch with reality, as illustrated by the World Bank saga. “Each and every cadre in a position of power owes their or their post to the directorate," they said, adding that this hampers constructive criticism and debate.
This structure, which protects the power of the party president, has so far served Rajoy's ambitions — explaining, for example, how they survived an attempted internal coup in 2008, when they had already lost two elections to the Socialists' José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero.
“The PP is like the Death Star, but without an emergency exit,” said Ignacio Escolar, the editor of digital newspaper eldiario.es, in a meeting with foreign media this week.
In terms of corruption, too, the PP is not unique — as demonstrated by this week's news that two former Socialist presidents of the Andalucía region had been charged by public prosectors with embezzlement of public funds and abuse of authority. But Rajoy's party does appear to have fallen behind in terms of regeneration, transparency and internal democracy, and it has been slower to respond to corruption, as with the recent case of Rita Barberá.
Barberá served as mayor of Valencia for 24 years and is currently a senator. The Supreme Court decided to investigate them this week on charges of money laundering. Around 20 officials under Barbera's command in Valencia have already been under investigation since the start of the year and it was assumed that it was only a matter of time until the accusations reached them
Yet the PP went ahead and put them on its list for the senate for June's repeat elections. This week, party cadres began demanding their resignation, but Barberá dug their heels in, saying they would quit the PP but not the senate. A seat in the upper house comes with aforamiento privileges, meaning they can only be tried by the Supreme Court, not by the lower tribunals.
Once again, some senior PP officials felt compelled to speak out and divisions appeared in the party. On one side, Javier Maroto, one of the five vice secretaries of the party, blasted them for lacking dignity and setting a bad example. In the other corner, PP second-in-command María Dolores Cospedal defended Barberá and called for respect for the “presumption of innocence.”
However, although the atmosphere inside the party is getting heated, direct criticism of Rajoy themselves is still limited to private conversations and isolated dissidents like Floridablanca. In public, there is a strong show of support for the leader. “Rajoy is our candidate.  They are now and they will be tomorrow and the day after tomorrow. And it will remain like this for a long time,” were party speaker Rafael Hernando's vehement words in the investiture debate.
Advocates of change in the conservative movement are resigned to the fact that they may have to wait until Rajoy steps aside and a new generation steps forward. “The fact that a movement demanding a political party democratize itself makes the news in a democratic country in the 21st century illustrates the drama of that party being non democratic,” said Benjumea.
This article has been updated to correct the name of the PP speaker.
Anyone holding substantial deposits (read over $/€100,000) in G-8 banks: consider this your formal warning.
All data about such deposits will soon be shared among all "developed" countries, and any (every) country which needs to "resolve" its failing banking sector will use the Cyprus bail-in model and use "tax evaded" deposits to provide a liquidity buffer to its crumbling, and NPL-impaired assets. Oh, and what insolvent socialist manifesto can be released to the public without at least one mention of the phrase "fair taxes." Welcome to the second ComIntern, this time with extra global oomph.
From the G-8
LOUGH ERNE DECLARATION
Private enterprise drives growth, reduces poverty, and creates jobs and prosperity for people around the world. Governments have a special responsibility to make proper rules and promote good governance. Fair taxes, increased transparency and open trade are vital drivers of this. We will make a real difference by doing the following:
Tax authorities across the world should automatically share information to fight the scourge of tax evasion. Countries should change rules that let companies shift their profits across borders to avoid taxes, and multinationals should report to tax authorities what tax they pay where. Companies should know who really owns them and tax collectors and law enforcers should be able to obtain this information easily. Developing countries should have the information and capacity to collect the taxes owed them – and other countries have a duty to help them. Extractive companies should report payments to all governments - and governments should publish income from such companies. Minerals should be sourced legitimately, not plundered from conflict zones. Land transactions should be transparent, respecting the property rights of local communities. Governments should roll back protectionism and agree new trade deals that boost jobs and growth worldwide. Governments should cut wasteful bureaucracy at borders and make it easier and quicker to move goods between developing countries. Governments should publish information on laws, budgets, spending, national statistics, elections and government contracts in a way that is easy to read and re-use, so that citizens can hold them to account.
18 June 2013
Dragon Soul: 30 Years of Dragon Ball Fandom is now available in print!!
Buy it on Amazon for only $19.99.
Featuring a foreword from Christopher Sabat and Sean Schemmel, Dragon Soul is an entertaining, inspirational, and enlightening celebration of the world's greatest anime and manga's 30th anniversary! This book features 27 stories from professionals who created Dragon Ball, 81 stories from Dragon Ball fans in over 25 countries, 600 images of original artwork, collections, and cosplay, plus exclusive interviews, insights, and heartfelt tales about Dragon Ball's power to change lives.
All-Comic.com called it:
“A soulful collection of personal reflections on the series from fans all over the world.”
The 27 professionals from 7 countries include: Christopher Sabat, Sean Schemmel, Chris Ayres, Chris Rager, Mike McFarland, Chuck Hubert, Kyle Hebert, Jason Douglas, Chris Cason, FUNimation employees Justin Rojas, Adam Sheehan, and Rick Villa, Dragon Ball Z composer Bruce Faulconer, Dragon Ball manga editor Jason Thompson, Canadian voice actors Peter Kelamis and Brian Drummond, Latin American voice actors Mario Castaneda, Rene Garcia, Eduardo Garza, French voice actor Eric Legrand , French journalist Olivier Richard, Spanish voice actors Jose Antonio Gavira, Julia Oliva, and manga editor David Hernando, Danish voice actors Caspar Philllipson and Peter Secher Schmidt, and Brazilian voice actor Wendel Bezerra.
Together we will go on a global adventure in search of the 7 dragon balls, as we head west toward Japan.
Along the way we'll meet such famous fans as Lawrence Simpson (MasakoX) from Team Four Star, Malik from Dragon Ball New Age, Salagir from Dragon Ball Multiverse, MMA fighter Marcus Brimage, YouTube celebrities SSJGoshin4, Nelson Junior (Casa do Kame), Happy Console Gamer, and film critic Chris Stuckmann, famous cosplayers “Living Ichigo,” Atara Collis, and Jah'lon Escudero, the creators of Dragon Ball Z: Light of Hope, Twitter star @Goku, authors Patrick Galbraith, Nestor Rubio, and Vicente Ramirez, and dozens more.
From artists to authors, collectors to philosophers, we'll hear their Dragon Soul and discover how Dragon Ball changed their lives.
This book required 2 years of labor and a lifetime of dedication to the Dragon Ball community. It is my way of saying thank you to Akira Toriyama, to everyone who created Dragon Ball in Japan and internationally, and to the global fandom.
“Dragon Soul is a must-read for anyone who has ever been a fan of Dragon Ball, or for those interested in how fandom shapes the lives and personalities of people.” – Amazon.com review
The book is 480 pages long and is filled with everything that Dragon Ball fans love.
Thank you for being a fan of the greatest series on earth!
Buy the book on Amazon and free your Dragon Soul!!
If you've ever returned from a lunchtime or late-night event a few minutes or hours (or days) late to find a boss, a spouse or a parent standing, arms folded, waiting for an explanation, no one has to tell you it's easy for other people to leap to the wrong conclusions based on scant evidence.
On the other hand, scant evidence and obvious conclusions are often pretty accurate; even by definition, the once-in-a-lifetime series of coincidences that made you late and may be responsible for that sick new tattoo are simply too rare to undermine the credibility of the obvious conclusion under certain circumstances.
I mention this because of my disappointment at having an obvious conclusion confirmed.
Yesterday I mentioned that the North American Treaty Organization (NATO) had formed a Rapid Response Team that would be responsible for dealing with sudden cyberattacks from unfriendly countries intent on committing acts of cyberwar.
I pictured the team forming NATO's Computer Incident Response Capability (NCRIC) springing into action with a more-lethal, military version of the fluid, aggressive response that was standard operating procedure at content-distribution-network Akamai when I wrote about it in 2005.
The attack I wrote about wasn't terribly unusual for the time – a DDOS attack on a few of Akamai's DNS servers that generated a volume of DDOS traffic that was near the high end of attacks recorded by 2005, but not nearly enough to set any records or overwhelm Akamai's multilayered network.
The response was pretty impressive, however. Alarms alerted Akamai's chief of security and network operations center as soon as the first DNS server started misbehaving under the attack.
By the time Andy Ellis, the security chief, walked to the NOC, most of the White Hat quick-response team who were on call for immediate response were already on a conference bridge assigning portions of the detailed attack-response plan appropriate for that particular attack.
Within 90 minutes the White Hat crew had used a series of packet filters, router reconfigurations, redirects and other countermeasures to block off most of the traffic from the attack, notify Internet and government sources to do what they could to shut down or prepare for the assault and cache forensic evidence that could be used to try to track the attack back to its source.
It wouldn't have made a good action sequence; sysadmins and systems architects spring into action in ways that are not visually arresting.
But Akamai had a lot of experience in DDOS and other attacks – long before most companies would even admit having been probed by vandals, extortionists or vandals.
On-call members of the response team showed up when they were supposed to, knew their roles in various emergency response plans, knew how to apply countermeasures and who to notify of the attack and how to divvy up specific tasks quickly rather than spend more time talking on the conference bridge than it would have taken to put down the attack.
How could a content-distribution network be better prepared for cyberwar than the alliance that won the Cold War?
By contrast, the NATO release announcing the new cyberwar-response team described its emergency response procedure being to "meet immediately and draw up a plan of action. The aim is to restore the systems so that everything gets back to normal operation as quickly as possible."
No mention of identifying the source of the attack, using preconfigured defenses or countermeasures to take control of the attack and then carry it back to the enemy, all of which have become standard procedure for modern civilian IT security operations.
Most military organizations include that same sequence as part of the response plan to any stimulus – from an ambush to a booty call.
I thought for a while I might have been reading too much into a little drab verbiage from a military organization that is heavily bureaucratized and larded with diplomatic requirements and responsibilities.
Under the bland descriptors, it's possible NATO had the digitized version of Rambo and Chuck Norris confined in armored containers, waiting to be killed and eat any hacker foolish enough to toy with the toughest multinational military organization this side of the U.N.
This morning Sophos security's NakedSecurity newsletter ran advice called Five free tips to avoid falling for Facebook scams.
Rather than using the usual victimized computer-phobic grandmother as the news hook/human-interest-angle to the story, however, Sophos re-told the story about hackers suspected of being Chinese spies created a fake Facebook account for the Supreme Allied Commander of NATO in Europe.
The U.K.'s Guardian newspaper referred to the fake account as having the "sophistication and relentlessness" of attacks often referred to as advanced persistent threats and theorized that only a state-sponsored intelligence agency could have been behind the attack.
It's probably more accurate to say the attackers must have had at least the technological sophistication of the average 14-year-old American high school kid.
That might have made NATO look even more lame for not having detected or stopped the "attack" until an unspecified number of NATO and British military officials had friended the fake Admiral James Stavridis, allowing the fakers to harvest their private email addresses, pictures and phone numbers according to the Telegraph.
The fake NATO-commander page may have seemed more credible because Stavridis actually does maintain a genuine Facebook page on which they announced the end of the war in Libya last October.
There have been a number of other fake James Stavridis pages on Facebook, according to a NATO spokesperson quoted in the Telegraph.
No one is admitting how long any of the pages were up before being identified and deleted; this one managed to remain undetected for at least a few days despite regular efforts to identify fakes from Facebook, NATO itself and what the Guardian describes only as a "major defence company" recently awarded a 40-million-pound contract to bolster security at NATO headquarters and outlying offices in Europe.
Cold War? Call NATO. Cyberwar? Call someone else. Anyone else.
I admit, a laconic description of a quick-response-team's organization and goals and leisurely reaction to fake-Facebook pages may not be good indications of how effective NATO will be at defending itself against cyberattack.
Its tendency to rely on Facebook's ability to sniff out fake-seeming pages and delete them, rather than police social networks itself, doesn't make me any more optimistic about the likelihood that NATO will become really effective at defending against an actual cyberattack, rather than a social-engineered spoof.
The issue, as with the U.S. military, isn't the skill of the security experts involved or the sophistication of the attacks.
It's the attitude of commanders who say cyberspace is the new battlespace, but who think of information warfare as something for spies and geeks, not for real warriors who don't think anything is dangerous that doesn't explode.
It's the tendency of military organizations to overprepare for dangers they've already experienced and not take new dangers seriously.
It's the training and groupthink that leaves (mostly U.S.) commanders who talk about cyberspace as the new battlespace sounding like they're talking about the plot of the original Tron rather than opponents whose offensive skills are so well developed you can't keep them from penetrating your networks even when you've known for years they spend more time on your servers than you do.
It's the orderly, organized, mayhem-controlled though process that allows military people to be prepared for the brutal chaos of real war.
Rigid process orientation is a handicap when facing enemies who arrive with no notice and no support, who attack targets the military has never needed to protect much in ways that don't seem that dangerous to officers who have learned to judge danger by the ratio of metal to air in the atmosphere, not the length of the key in an encryption scheme.
I admit it's entirely possible I'm jumping to conclusions about NATO, though both NATO and my conclusions about it are modeled on the U.S. military.
It's more likely that NATO will continue to be vulnerable to what the Chinese are turning into a dominance of cyberspace almost as complete as the British dominance of naval power during the growth of its Empire in the 19 th century.
It's likely that the safest place NATO can keep its secrets, even when they're protected by a military rapid-response team, will be somewhere – anywhere – other than NATO.
Read more of Kevin Fogarty's CoreIT blog and follow the latest IT news at ITworld. Follow Kevin on Twitter at @KevinFogarty. For the latest IT news, analysis and how-tos, follow ITworld on Twitter and Facebook.
Overview
Colonisation has shaped the form of New Zealand towns and cities in ways that mean that Māori identities and values have often been side-lined. Yet, our cities have always been indigenous places, and we're interested in how urban environments could better reflect this.
This competition encourages people to think about how we might ‘decolonise' cities in Aotearoa New Zealand. There are two sites in Porirua City – the harbour front and whānau land for a papakāinga – that people are invited to redesign. We want people from all walks of life, backgrounds, ages and cultural groups to get involved. Creative, positive and forward-looking solutions can come from anywhere and anyone who might engage with these issues. We welcome a wide range of submission types including masterplans, drawings, essays, poetry and film.
There are a number of ways you might think about this. You might think about decolonisation as being about social justice – an opportunity to create cities which are fair and equitable for all whānau. You might consider the special role that mana whenua (the tribal group who has historic connections with a particular place) plays in the city. You might consider how New Zealand might look and feel had Māori values always been an integral part of the way we design our cities. You may look to the future and develop a utopian vision for how our cities might look and feel in 50 years from now. You may have other ways of thinking about it. All ideas are welcome.
The entries submitted will be judged by a panel of experts from a diverse range of backgrounds. Entries will also be analysed by our research team to understand how we might work to decolonise urban places.
Adrian Heath is bracing themselves for “the ultimate reality TV show” as they prepare their Orlando City club for a unique final season in the USL Pro league before they become the 21st franchise in Major League Soccer.
It is a rare challenge for the Lions' fourth-year head coach, with the former Stoke and Everton star now firmly entrenched in Florida but admitting they are largely stepping into the unknown when their season kicks off at Charleston on March 22.
Sure, Orlando's MLS future is already set in stone after the club was admitted into the top tier last November following an impressive three-year campaign, but first they have to negotiate the ‘in-between' season as USL Pro's reigning champs, and with an extra target on their back thanks to their imminent top-flight status.
Oh, and there is also the little matter of having no home ground this year. Previous home the Citrus Bowl is being completely rebuilt and their proposed new 20,000-seat soccer-specific stadium has yet to take shape. Instead, they will be in a world of their own; Disney World in fact, where the ESPN Wide World of Sports will act as a temporary soccer sanctuary, with a 6,000-seat facility being created around one of the playing fields there.
It is the most homespun of arrangements for a team with such lofty ambitions, but somehow it will be a fitting send-off in a city that has embraced the idea from the start, with Major Buddy Dyer being one of their most fervent supporters, and some 20,000 showing up for the championship game against Charlotte last September.
Now, though, Heath has a six-month ‘audition' period for their players, competing at one level but aiming at another, and they admitted:
“This is now my 38th pre-season campaign since I first started playing at the age of 16, and it is certainly the most interesting I've ever had because we have so much going on. “Previously, it was always just a matter of simple goals, like putting a competitive team out and winning games, but now we have to take notice of a lot more things, like the MLS Draft, the combine, the collective bargaining agreement and salary cap, as well as having a new home this year at Disney. “It is the ultimate reality TV show, really, and the players know this. The bottom line is that all the guys on the field this year will definitely be playing for a future with us at the higher level, but the reality is some of them aren't going to make it. “The one burning question for everybody is, who will be the guys who go with us? We've filled four of our MLS player spots for next year, but there are a lot more to be had. We will probably need 28 to 29 members of the squad and what we are trying to do is put a picture together like a jigsaw. We have four pieces now, but we still don't know what the ultimate picture will look like, although we know those four will not be out of their depth.”
Orlando's quartet of ‘certs' for next year are their international midfield trio of Darwin Ceren, newly signed from El Salvador, Cuban Yordany Alvarez, who is returning to City after playing for them in 2011 and then spending the past two seasons with Real Salt Lake, and Trinidadian Kevin Molino, who's been with the club all three seasons, as well as brand-new signing Tyler Turner, the USA Under-18 center-back who is highly thought of at youth level having captained the U-17s and scored against both Brazil and Turkey.
That obviously still leaves a lot of places up for grabs, and Heath was paying special attention to the other teams they played in the recent Disney Pro Soccer Classic, when they faced off against Philadelphia, Toronto, Columbus and New York.
City acquitted themselves well, drawing with all four MLS outfits in turn – including hugely entertaining 4-4 scorelines against both the Crew and Red Bulls, both of whom were several weeks ahead of Heath's men in their pre-season preparations – and the Lions boss was encouraged by a lot of what they saw.
They insisted: “There was a lot of pleasing stuff in the course of those games. Some of our football going forward was excellent and, while we obviously had some issues defensively, there were some very encouraging signs. The big thing this tournament did give us, though, was the opportunity to scout the other teams involved and look at their players with an eye on next year's expansion draft. We really need to do our homework, which is just another thing you wouldn't be doing in a normal pre-season campaign.”
In fact, the word ‘normal' may not apply to Orlando at any stage this year as they look to sign off their USL Pro days in style and make sure they are ready for the big time.
Heath revealed they had already spent some time with previous teams that have come through the ‘in-between' season. They explained: “I was lucky enough to have a few days at Seattle and Portland, where they were very kind to share their experiences from going from the USL to MLS.
“The first thing that stuck out was the time they thought they had. They told me they were thinking “Oh, we have 13 to 14 months to get it all sorted,' and suddenly it went by in a heartbeat. Before they knew it, they were about to start an MLS campaign. The other thing that came across was the importance of managing the player expectations. During the year it may become apparent some of them are not going to make it, and then you have to avoid any drop-off you might have from the group.”
Orlando's other ongoing issue will be managing speculation over the arrival next year – or otherwise – of a certain Brazilian ace from AC Milan, who has strong connections to the club's main financial backer, Flavio Augusto da Silva, who hails from near Rio and also has ties to Flamengo.
Heath added:
“We are a aware Kaka gets mentioned in every article about us, but we also have to be thinking, what's the second plan? There are a lot of gray areas of what we can and can't do, especially when it comes to the draft scenarios.
“One thing I'm certain of is that I didn't realise I had so many friends in America and back in Europe. I've been on the phone since eight this morning already, talking to agents and all of a sudden your email goes from 20 to 50 a day, all from agents wanting to put players in MLS.
“We have a lot to offer here in Orlando because it's one of the most attractive places to live of all the MLS cities, and the league gets bigger, better and stronger every year. If you are going to live in the States, I would argue we are in one of the top three cities to live in, and that's borne out by the amount of interest we're getting.”
For all the extra elements involved and their footballing ‘reality show,' Heath has simple ambitions. They said: “I expect to win the regular season, the play-offs and championship. Anything less will be a failure in our eyes. The only thing that will stop us is us. We are fully capable of doing it and I certainly won't accept anything less. There are no excuses for looking ahead.”
The Solar Impulse plane sits on the tarmac at Moffett Field in Mountain View, California, on May 3, 2013. Photo credit should read Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images
In 1931, the city fathers of Sunnyvale, California, came up with a unique plan to rescue their town from the doldrums of the Great Depression. They raised $480,000 to buy nearly 1,000 acres of farmland and then sold off the land to the U.S. government for $1. The deal was that Sunnyvale would then become the home for a new planned Navy fleet of “flying aircraft carriers,” massive helium-filled airships that would serve as bases in the air for propeller biplanes.
The plan didn't work out as anticipated, neither for Sunnyvale nor the airships.* In 1933, the USS Akron, the Navy's test airborne aircraft carrier, crashed. The plan was shelved, its only legacy that the airfield was renamed after Adm. William Moffett, the head of the Navy's Aeronautics Bureau, who had been killed in the crash. But, fortunately for the town, World War II interceded a few years later, and Moffett Field became a base for patrol airplanes and then the home of the U.S. Air Force Satellite Test Center. By the 1950s, several big aerospace firms clustered around the base and the test center. The thousands of scientists and engineers who moved into the sunny valley built close ties with local universities, and the old farmland became the hub of a different industry. The city fathers' plan of economic growth through blimp basing instead spawned what became known as Silicon Valley.
Those paragraphs come from our new book Ghost Fleet. The little-known history is instructive, as today it is the U.S. military that is looking to Silicon Valley for help. Faced with disruptive technologies like robotics and 3-D printing and a new strategic competitor in China that many worries could some day risk outright war, the Defense Department has kicked off an effort to “woo Silicon Valley.” Like any good military plan, it is multifaceted. It kicked off with the first visit to Silicon Valley by a serving secretary of defense in nearly two decades. (That the Pentagon's civilian leader had not been to such a central locale of American innovation and competitiveness is not just illustrative of the distance between the two regions, but an indictment of past leaders.) Secretary Ash Carter spoke of needing to develop a “coolness factor” around the Pentagon's pursuit of the latest technology. They also announced the creation of the Defense Innovation Unit–Experimental, a small Pentagon outpost to be located (not so ironically) at a building near Moffett Field's massive airship hanger, which is now leased by Google.
It all sounds good, but if this effort is going to succeed, though, the military will first have to navigate a few challenges.
The biggest perhaps may be the clash of the D.C. Beltway and Silicon Valley cultures—the differing realms idealized by government bureaucrats and tech geek billionaires. Some argue this isn't a problem because of the long-standing ties between the two. From GPS to driverless cars to software algorithms powering search engines, federal funding through Pentagon programs like DARPA has helped seed many of the game-changing technologies Silicon Valley firms are now building for the civilian economy. That was the message from Carter earlier this year, when they spoke at Stanford University about the need for even closer ties between the government and the tech sector. “The government helped ignite the spark, but this was the place that nurtured the flame that created incredible applications,” they said.
The challenge in the post-Snowden era, however, is that the level of distrust toward the Beltway remains high. Silicon Valley has received a one-two punch. It is smarting from revelations of NSA surveillance, with estimates of tens of billions of dollars in lost revenue from ensuing foreign backlash and lost contracts, most notably in cloud computing. Then a new government campaign calling for encryption backdoors comes across to most techies and many defense experts as tone deaf.
But the schisms go deeper than today's debates. The culture of the tech sector is experimental, and winning investors place big bets across a wide portfolio seeking out the winners that will be most disruptive. The Pentagon, Congress, and traditional defense industry certainly want the newness aspect of disruptive technology but struggle with a corollary: The outdated must be discarded. There is a long record of DARPA and other parts of the government funding exciting new project that then wither away in that space between lab and program of record because they can't supplant whatever old gear is in the way. Indeed, there is even a term for it: the valley of death.
For instance, DARPA has turned to innovators to design a new, agile tank of the future known as the Ground X-Vehicle Technology. But for the GXV-T to succeed, the M-1 tank will have to be displaced, which is a problem. Even though Army analysts have said since 2012 they don't need any more M-1 tanks, the factory keeps getting hundreds of millions of dollars in contracts. Surely it's a coincidence that the factory is located in the election battleground state of Ohio and owned by a major defense contractor that spends more than $10 million a year in lobbying.
Part of the problem is that the technology sector can be ruthless in a way a political organization can't. Companies can be both created and closed in a way that government bureaucracies, and even the businesses they support, can only imagine. Compare Google's corporate culture, built around empowering young talent and disruption, with the Pentagon's organization and personnel system, which has remained the same for literally decades. A recent expose of Amazon's amazing but almost surreal efficiency stunned many readers. But no branch of the U.S. military has passed a single audit to even balance their books in the two decades since they have been required to by law.
The business cycle in the Valley ecosystem rewards the speedy and agile, while most Pentagon programming is anything but. For instance, Google's robotics program has rapidly proliferated projects include self-driving cars, drones, and humanoid robots already able to run through forests (albeit while plugged in). Meanwhile, the military's internal project to build a single ground robot is now seven years behind schedule and the technology is behind what the market already provides. Notably, several of the Google robot projects originally received DARPA funding, but they advanced much more once they left the government auspices.
As thorny as these factors seem, however, there may be an underlying problem that people aren't as willing to talk about: Is Silicon Valley even “American” in the way the Pentagon would like to think it?
When World War II began, there was never any question back then that the centerpiece companies of American industry would pitch in for the war effort. Companies like Ford and GM turned into an “Arsenal of Democracy” the likes of which the world had never seen before. For instance, Ford plants in Detroit created bomber assembly lines capable of producing a B-24 Liberator every hour.*
Today, any successful Silicon Valley based corporation, or startup that aspires to be one, is global in its makeup, revenue, and, most importantly, identity. They must seek to do business with global partners, recruit from a global base of talent, locate operations around the world, and court global shareholders. Indeed, most of them even park their profits abroad. (“American” companies are presently stashing some $21 trillion overseas.)
This globalization is why such firms have thrived, but it also poses different questions for their CEOs and boards of directors when the U.S. government makes requests relating to national security. Do multinational firms go with where their founders are from, where their corporate headquarters are physically located, by where their business takes place (often in the non sovereign spaces of the Internet), or where their shareholders live? The Snowden affair pulled this curtain back when many firms actively resisted being viewed as American entities in a bid to keep from losing international customers. Indeed, as the Pentagon tries to cozy up to do more business with tech, many of the global giants are choosing to stay away. Google, for example, has bought 12 firms in the important emerging military field of robotics, but then steered them out of military contracts.
There are no easy answers to these challenges. The best that can be done is to treat the effort as a long-term campaign to build enduring relationships. In this effort, the Pentagon has to understand that its outreach won't easily be adapted nor reciprocated. It has to demonstrate a willingness to implement the buzzwords it is starting to use and to put forth a value proposition that both parties receive by working together. It also needs to demonstrate that it will take seriously the dilemmas that multinational companies will face in wartime. Today's peacetime partnerships need to be solid enough that the people driving the tight innovation cycles, high failure tolerance, and speed to market feel a sense of partnership toward government, not dismay and distrust.
There may be no more important venture for the U.S. military and its ability to win the big wars that we all hope never come than its outreach to the civilian tech sector and innovation hubs like Silicon Valley. The most important element for the U.S. and its allies, whether it's facing ISIS or China, is less the ability to buy or own any one technology than it is to cultivate and develop the communities of people who are doing this at scale and in some of the most competitive commercial sectors of the global economy. It's promising that Defense Secretary Carter is scheduled to return to Silicon Valley this week to visit the Pentagon's new office and speak with business leaders, according to Defense One. To woo Silicon Valley will require a long-term campaign to build and maintain relationships. In this effort it is important to remember that coolness and buzz help get attention but it takes more than that to build an enduring and successful business, let alone prevail in 21st-century warfare.
This article is part of Future Tense, a collaboration among Arizona State University, New America, and Slate. Future Tense explores the ways emerging technologies affect society, policy, and culture. To read more, visit the Future Tense blog and the Future Tense home page. You can also follow us on Twitter.
Correction, Sept. 1, 2015: This article originally misstated that during World War II, Ford plants in Detroit were transformed into bomber assembly lines. Ford created new facilities to produce bombers. (Return.)
Correction, Sept. 10, 2015: This article originally misidentified the hardframe airships that were to be based in the Navy's original plan for Sunnyvale as blimps. Blimps are nonrigid airships; the Navy planned to create rigid airships. (Return.)
Paul Revere monument, by Cyrus Dalin in 1940, located in Boston's North End. Image online courtesy Wikimedia Commons.
For unsoldierlike behavour [behavior], During the whole expedition to Penobscot, which tends to Courdice [cowardice].
Most folks know about Paul Revere, the American Revolutionary War hero. They were the guy who rode through the Massachusetts countryside on April 18, 1775 warning residents that the British were coming. Their plan was to hang a light -
one if by land
two if by sea
- in the North Church tower in Boston. People remember them and not their companions, William Dawes and Samuel Prescott.
Because the British captured him, Revere never reached Concord that fateful night when the war began. Thanks to Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, though, American school children - for more than a hundred years - memorized the poem which made Revere famous.
But there is another, virtually unknown story that substantially diminished Paul Revere's standing as a soldier. They stood trial on charges of cowardice and insubordination in a military court martial.
On August 19, 1942, more than 6,000 men landed in Normandy as Allied forces launched a raid on the French port of Dieppe. But the poorly prepared operation would fail, with deadly consequences. FRANCE 24 looks back at the Dieppe Raid, 75 years on.
ADVERTISING Read more
Dieppe Beach. Under a clear blue sky, tourists unfurl their towels. Some will go for a carefree dip, while others suntan blithely, basking in the insouciance of a French summer holiday. But not many know what happened here 75 years ago on this stretch of polished stones.
In August 1942, the mood was entirely different. Screams rang out on the beach. The stench of blood and gunpowder wafted up from the shore. A blanket of bodies in their hundreds lay splayed across the rocks. The Dieppe Raid – also known as Operation Jubilee – raged, starting that morning. With World War II tearing Europe apart, especially on the eastern front, the Allies sought to launch an attack that would test German defences on the western flank.
More than 6,000 men, including 5,000 Canadians, landed at Dieppe and on four adjacent beaches with the objective of destroying German coastal defences as well as some strategic infrastructure.
“In France, it's a little-known story. The focus has always been on the June 6 (1944) Normandy landings, but this event was important during the conflict,” says Marcel Diologent, vice president of Association Jubilee, which seeks to document the history of the operation.
IN THE FOOTSTEPS OF THE DIEPPE RAID {{ scope.counterText }} {{ scope.legend }} © {{ scope.credits }}
For more than 30 years, this group of enthusiasts has strived to keep the memory of the Dieppe Raid alive. In 2002, in an old theatre near the seafront, they created a memorial to the event that brings together documents, uniforms and other commemorative items. Portraits of men who took part in the attack line the walls.
“Many were only 17 years old. It was only natural that we pay a lasting homage to them since they enlisted voluntarily for our freedom,” explains Martine Pietrois, the association's president.
Robert Boulanger, a teenager from the province of Quebec, was one of those young soldiers. They had just turned 18. On the morning of August 10, they penned a few words to their parents. Their letter is on display at the memorial: “We're being told that we're very near the French coast. I believe it because we can hear the cannonade and the explosions, even the shells whistling over our heads. Finally I realise that we're no longer in drill. An assault boat directly next to ours has just been hit and has gone under with all those who were onboard. We didn't have time to see much because in the space of one or two minutes, there was nothing left. Oh my God, protect yourselves from such a fate!”
Those were Boulanger's last words. A bullet went right through their forehead. They hadn't even set foot on the beach. In the space of just a few hours, 1,000 men lost their lives while 3,000 were captured and held prisoner until the end of the war. The operation was a total failure.
“It really was a tragedy,” says Diologent. “Everything prevented it from succeeding. There really was an obvious lack of preparation.”
‘The goals were too daring'
Historian Olivier Richard, who has written several books about Operation Jubilee, shares this opinion. “This raid had objectives that were far too daring,” they say. “The operation was also modified many times. At the beginning, it carried the name ‘Rutter'. It should have taken place in July but the German planes spotted the fleet. What's astonishing is that it was resuscitated one month later.”
The element of surprise was therefore lost. Naval support turned out to be insufficient, while air support was struggling against German aviation. In the sky, one of the biggest battles of World War II was being played out. On the ground, guns and tanks struggled to advance on the beach. The crawlers of the tanks were damaged by pebbles and they found themselves trapped by concrete barriers. On some beaches, the shoreline was particularly steep. Lastly, communication between the troops and military staff was disastrous. The last fighters who couldn't be evacuated ended up surrendering. Just before 2pm, the weapons went quiet.
THE DIEPPE RAID: PHOTOS FROM THE ARCHIVES {{ scope.counterText }} {{ scope.legend }} © {{ scope.credits }}
The day after the raid, those responsible for the operation claimed that – thanks to Jubilee – great lessons could be learned for the rest of the conflict. For some, it was because of that day in August 1942 that V Day was made possible on June 6, 1944. This version of events led to the high command being exonerated and the mistakes that had been committed being masked.
“Indeed, lessons were drawn from that day, like the idea of not making people run on pebbled beaches or have [crawler tanks] coming out of the water,” said Richard. “But is that a direct consequence of the raid on Dieppe? Ultimately, it stems from accumulated experience, because between 1942 and 1944 there were also landings in northern Africa and Sicily.”
‘We owe them everything'
Today the raid continues to be a subject of controversy. But members of Association Jubilee wish, above all, to pay tribute to the memory of those who perished that day. For months they have been preparing ceremonies for the 75th anniversary on August 19, to be held on Dieppe beach in the presence of the last veterans of the raid.
Association Jubilee's president Pietrois, who is retired, has lost track of time as the commemorations approach. They spend a lot of time welcoming visitors to the memorial. They never tires of telling the story of the pamphlet, which was dropped on August 19, 1942, by Allied planes onto the town.
“This is a helping hand, not an invasion. […] When the time comes, we'll let you know. That's how we'll act, side by side, for our common victory and for your freedom,” they read from the document, which is displayed on the memorial. “They promised to come back – and on September 1, 1944, the Canadians came back to liberate Dieppe,” said Pietrois. “Imagine the story of love that we have with them and the respect that we owe them. We owe them everything.”
This article was translated from the original in French.
The National Hemp Association, founded in 2014, is dedicated to the re-birth of industrial hemp in America. Their mission is to help connect farmers, processors, manufactures, researchers, investors and policymakers to accelerate the growth of this important industry in the US.
Zev is the Executive Director of NHA and was one of the core founders of the organization.
Hi, Zev. Thanks again for taking the time. I've been looking forward to learning more about your background and your work with NHA.
Zev Paiss: Thank you
What's your background and how did you first learn about hemp?
ZP: I've been a sustainability educator and consultant for 30-35 years. I've worked in areas such as renewable energy, urban agriculture, alternative transportation, and healthy organic foods.
I first learned about hemp about 4-5 years ago, and was amazed at how it could provide a sustainable alternative for so many different products and industries. So when Colorado passed the bill that legalized hemp farming in 2012 (Colorado Amendment 64), I wanted to get involved in it.
I tracked down who was behind passing the legislation and found a loosely formed group of hemp experts. I then asked if they wanted to form a formal association and offered to help form one since I had past experience working with various associations.
So in May 2014, we officially launched the Rocky Mountain Hemp Association, which was focused in Colorado. But after a couple months, we realized there was a vacuum at the national level, as we were getting calls and emails from all over the country. So we decided to take it a step further and changed our name to the National Hemp Association by the end of 2014.
What inspired your passion for hemp?
“I realized how many products could be made from hemp that weren't being utilized today”
ZP: Before I really got into hemp, I was already aware of what it is and a couple of its applications. For example, I knew historically hemp was used for things such as rope, cordage, clothing. But, as I looked more into it, I realized how many products could be made from hemp that weren't being utilized today. That's when I realized I could get into this and help introduce this to many different industries.
What type of benefits do you see hemp bringing to our society?
“The Industrial Hemp Farming Act could be the largest jobs bill that Congress can pass in 2016”
ZP: When you look at other countries that have been using hemp for a while, hemp is just another crop that they can take advantage of and use in many different products. Canada is growing its hemp seeds and hemp oil products. China has used hemp fiber to build a textile industry. A lot of countries even use it internally as animal feed because it's a great rotational crop and very nutritious for animals
Specifically in the US, hemp will provide more jobs for our farmers as a crop that's profitable. Right now, many farmers are struggling to make money from traditional crops. Hemp will also help clean up our farmlands, as you don't need to use pesticides or any other chemicals when planting hemp.
So when you look at these implications, the Industrial Hemp Farming Act could be the biggest bill that congress can pass to bring positive economical and environmental changes. This act will create jobs in multiple industries – from farming, manufacturing, to even retail.
There's been articles recently mentioning how Tennessee farmers are giving up on hemp after giving it a try last year. What is your take on this?
There needs to be an understanding that we are still in a research and development phase with hemp. This crop was last harvested in the US back in mid 1900s, so there are a lot of things we need to relearn. Farmers need to understand there is still a risk with planting hemp and we experienced this first-hand in Tennessee.
I'd say there were two main reasons why things didn't turn out well in Tennessee. First is the delays caused by the DEA, which delayed the planting period by 1–2 months for the farmers.
Tennessee also experienced a ridiculous amount of rain last year. Hemp does not require a lot of water and that much water actually stunted the growth of the crop.
But if you look at other states like Kentucky or Colorado, they are increasing their cultivation this year and other states are starting to step in to pilot the crop as well.
How has the hemp landscape changed in the US while you've been involved?
ZP: It's changed in several ways. One change is that there's much higher activity at the state level and more people are pressuring state legislators to pass hemp laws. We're going to hit more than 30 states that have passed some type of hemp law soon.
Although we're not fully there yet, we've made steady progress at the federal level as well.
The other piece is on the research that's going on. As more farmers plant hemp, there's been more research to map the genome of various cultivars. People are researching what cultivar will grow best in Kentucky compared to Colorado, and comparing what grows well where.
There's also research going on in the unexpected benefits of hemp, such as looking into its application in supercapacitors and as a replacement for graphene.
When you look at the retail side, there's been a lot of hemp brands popping up. There are a huge number of very small companies entering this space and developing products in food, cosmetics, body products, apparel, etc. There's a company here in Colorado called HempBox that sends samples of hemp products to consumers on a monthly basis. They have over 400 companies signed up to raise awareness of hemp brands.
How do you see hemp's status continuing to change in the near future? What excites you most about hemp's future?
“Anything you can make out of fossil fuel, you can make out of hemp”
ZP: I'm most excited about the potential use of industrial hemp as a replacement of fossil fuel. Anything you can make out of fossil fuel, you can make out of hemp. This includes energy, plastic, paper, and even construction materials like hempcrete and particle boards.
What is your biggest concern?
ZP: There's always going to be a shadow hanging around hemp until it's fully legalized at the federal level. Until we can pass the Industrial Hemp Farming Act, we're going to have a lot of challenges moving forward because the DEA is going to continue to do what they do until we remove it from the Controlled Substances Act
What type of impact do you want to make for hemp? What type of legacy do you want to leave behind?
ZP: There are 4 main goals that I have:
To lead the passing of the legislation at the federal level Reenergize the farming community with a much more profitable crop Reduce dependence on fossil fuel Improve the health of America by promoting hemp products
If I can help achieve all this, I will die a happy man.
What kind of support do you need from the public to legalize hemp? How can normal citizens help?
ZP: Go to our website and write a letter to your legislator to ask them to please support the industrial hemp farming act. There is a campaign for Farmers to write letters too; they just need to customize the letter with their own details and ask that they be allowed to grow hemp.
The biggest help we can get is to donate to our federal campaign. It's costing us over $20K dollars a month to support our Washington D.C. team and send hemp experts to testify before Congress.
Zev, this was truly insightful. Thank you for your time!
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15, 2015:
Assets valued at RM12.92 million at Universiti Malaya cannot be “identified”, the Auditor-General's Report revealed today.
“This resulted from annual asset inspections not having been carried out.”
Universiti Malaya also had to fork out over RM1.2 million for projects that were delayed and equipment that were unused.
The report stated that RM839,000 of that amount was incurred for the appointment of a new contractor following delays in the construction of workshops and laboratories.
Scheduled for completion in Sept 2012, the construction was delayed for two years and four months.
Another RM416,000 was spent on the rental of warehouses and containers for laboratory equipment worth RM4.25 million that could not be used due to the non-completion of building construction.
Subsequently, UM was advised to establish an Asset Management Committee to ensure effective management of assets.
UM was also advised to better monitor the implementation of projects.
“A reasonable period of completion should also be determined by taking into consideration the annual activities of the university so that delays in construction projects could be avoided,” stated the report.
Higher ed institutions say they want high-achieving students from a variety of backgrounds, but are they doing enough to recruit them?
This question was front-and-center in a Wednesday evening panel at the New York Times Schools For Tomorrow Conference. For just over half an hour, Arizona State University President Michael Crow, Vassar College President Catharine Bond Hill, Grinnell College President Raynard S. Kington, and University of Chicago President Robert Zimmer discussed how their institutions are serving low-income, high-achieving students — and what other institutions can do to scale those efforts on their campuses.
The session frequently touched on points made by moderator David Leonhardt during their unveiling of the New York Times' 2015 college access index regarding higher ed's influence on upward mobility. "The power of education for individuals' lives, for the trajectory of families, for the nature of the society we are is something that is very evident," Zimmer said. "There is an enormous societal benefit, an enormous human benefit, to education."
Here are four key takeaways from their conversation.
1. Cultural support systems matter
Zimmer noted that the University of Chicago examined the entire application process, finding that the way people apply to college is very different from when someone like them applied — a time when high-schoolers who decided they needed to go to college simply got an application and had some teachers write a recommendation. For students today who come from upper-middle-class or affluent homes, they noted, there are top high schools with a large number of programs, and they also have increased access to things like violin or language lessons, quality summer programs, and SAT training sessions.
Of course, students from lower-income families don't have access to much of that. It's a detail that many institutions would likely do well to keep in mind when looking to increase socio-economic diversity among their student bodies.
Kington added that Grinnell made a point of building a reputation as "a place where smart kids who had no money could go and have a great education and have financial aid" in order to recruit a substantially diverse student body, joking that doing so can be a challenge in the middle of Iowa. Along with having that sort of reputation, resources are also key.
2. Use your resources
On that note, Kington noted that Grinnell uses its "significant endowment" to budget $40 million for its own financial aid, allowing 28% of its students to pay no tuition. "But we can't get much higher than that and still work," they said.
The school is currently at 24% Pell-eligible and also invests in getting students to the finish line, noting that students at the lowest quartile of familial income graduate at the same rate as those at the highest. Kington said that their healthcare background contributed the approach that if you increase quality for everyone, you limit disparities in the system.
Hill added that the space is facing legitimate challenges on this front, however. "I wish I could say I was more optimistic than I am," they said, noting the increase in income inequality over the last 40 years.
“American higher education is very diverse. Grinnell and Vasser can do a lot, and I think we are doing a lot. And I think the selective private non-profits should be doing more as a group, and they can. They've got the resources. Some of those resources are coming from the government. But ultimately, if we're going to solve this problem, it's going to have to be the publics."
On that front, Crow, the lone president on the panel from a public non-profit institution, pegged much of the problem on "poorly designed institutions, under-enabled faculty, [and] strict and structured bureaucracy," adding that "operating in an out-moded model of a government bureaucracy" isn't effective for a 21st Century, highly advanced and diverse institution.
"If we really wanted to think about the allocation of resources, higher education really needs to think about ways to get students through at lower cost," Hill said. It's a task made all the more arduous by institutions' needs to respond to families applying to college who want great amenities for their kids. But by taking a greater number of low-income students, higher ed institutions are presented an opportunity to lower costs somewhere else.
"If the publics could spend what we're spending per student, they'd be graduating at a much higher rate," they said.
3. Select for success and design a new model
"In the schools that you're listing with high graduation rates, these schools have varying degrees of economic diversity, but almost all of them admit somewhere between the 10th percentile and the first percentile of students to the institution," Crow said. "They are selecting for previous success and having very significant outcomes from a broad cross-section of students."
The goal, though, should be to have between a quarter and a third of the high school population graduating from college. The college graduation rate for low-income students who had B averages in high school, Crow said, is below 40%. With an A average, that rate is almost double.
For Crow, this indicates that it's time for new models and new approaches among the over 600 public colleges and universities. "If we have a student body that is not representative of the entire socioeconomic diversity of the region, we're not succeeding," they said, adding that the egalitarian admission standards of land grant universities must be maintained.
It's a complex problem, but it's ultimately on the backs of public institutions, which educate 75% of students in higher ed, according to the U of Chicago's Zimmer. Scaling approaches for diversity at a private liberal arts college like Grinnell or Vasser is much more difficult, and as Zimmer added, the existing higher education system's structure wasn't designed to meet the demand at its current scale.
4. Lowering graduation standards isn't the answer
Preparation is also an issue when it comes to serving high-achieving low-income students, Kington said. "The chance that a poor kid of color will go through an education system that prepares that person for one of our colleges is laughably, just unbelievably small."
"We get the top of that group, and that's the group that's growing in population," they said.
Falling financial support from legislative bodies at the state and federal level have also complicated matters, sending a message that the public isn't as willing to support not just higher education, but education at large, as a public good.
But in an environment where funding is increasingly being tied to outcomes, institutions must also be cautious about how they get more students to the finish line. "We have not lowered our standards, and anyone who does should be kicked out of the business, because that's the road to annihilation," Crow said of ASU's success. "It's no longer math, it's sub-math. It's no longer history, it's sub-history."
ASU has, however, altered its measure of attainment: Admitting B students "as most public research universities did until the 1970s," and measuring gen-ed outcomes, degree outcomes, critical thinking enhancements, and analytical problem-solving enhancements. The university, Crow said, goes on to track measures of students' life outcomes like employment, awards, and overall quality of life.
Would you like to see more education news like this in your inbox on a daily basis? Subscribe to our Education Dive email newsletter! You may also want to read Education Dive's look at how pathway programs help international students prepare for university rigor.
The hardest part was to bring the cable from the rear of the car to the dashboard. I had to remove a dozen plastic covers to cleanly route it along existing cables. But after a few hours it was cleanly installed, with a single video cable coming from the dashboard!
I found a camera online made exactly for my car. It replaces the cover of one of my plate lights. It's powered by 12V, so I just had to hook it to the reversing light, so it would only turn on when I'm actually reversing. The outputted analog video was already mirrored and even had an overlay to guide me when parking.
But this meant that I would lose all the displayed information. The time, current radio station, outside temperature, etc…
I wanted to have the most OEM-like solution, so I decided to replace the stock monochrome display by a color LCD screen.
You can find aftermarket backup cameras online that you can put above your license plate, and they make them for many car models. However, you need to find a way to display it somewhere on the dashboard.
I always wanted a backup camera on my car. Unfortunately, my Peugeot 207 is more than 10 years old, and backup cameras weren't common back then. Instead of buying a new car, I decided to build one myself!
While Peugeot sells the navigation system screen in spare parts, it costs more than 300€, and it seemed to have some kind of proprietary interface, so I had to find another way. I found a website which sells the screen enclosure without the screen for much cheaper. Then I could buy a 7" LCD screen off Amazon to put inside:
There is no way I could fit a big enough screen instead of the stock display. Fortunately, the Peugeot 207 is also available with a GPS navigation system which has a 7" color LCD screen instead of the one I have.
The screen has multiple inputs: HDMI, VGA and analog video. There is even a specific pin on the board to automatically switch to the analog video input, which is perfect for a backup camera. This will allow me to display the car's informations via HDMI or VGA, and switch to the backup camera video feed when I switch to reverse gear. Next step: retrieving the car's informations.
Interfacing with the car
This is where the Arduino comes in. But how can I connect an Arduino to my car? The obvious candidate would be to use the OBD-II port. In Europe, car manufactured after 2004 are required to include it. It's a standard port used to perform diagnostics and retrieve various informations about the car (like the battery voltage, oil temperature, …).
Sadly, it doesn't return data about the current tuned FM station, or the trip computer's informations (distance travelled, fuel estimate), at least not on my car.
After some digging, it turns out that every piece of electronic of my car is connected to a CAN bus. The CAN bus is present in most car nowadays because it allows to have much fewer cables than before. It requires only two cables and every node connected on it can talk to each other. Nodes send and receives frames with a numeric ID and up to 8 bytes of data.
As I expected, there is not much information online about my car's CAN bus. The content of each frame is not publicly documented and probably unique to each brand of car, since this is not standardized like the OBD-II protocol. Luckily, I found the website of a university teacher who taught a course on CAN buses, and the students did practical work on… a Peugeot 207! This is perfect, as I could find valuable information in this PDF (in French).
It did not contain information on the frames I needed, but I learned that my car actually has 3 different CAN buses:
The “confort” bus, which controls air conditioning, the radio, speedometer, fuel gauge…
The “body” bus, which controls stuff like headlights, turn signals, wipers…
The “inter-systems” bus, which connects the different control modules for the engine, the brakes and so on…
The bus I'm interested in is the first one, where the radio and the old display are connected.
I found an unused connector on the back of my radio unit. Apparently, its purpose is to connect an optional CD changer. But a quick search revealed that the connector has 2 pins exposing the “confort” bus. So I wired the Arduino to the radio using a CAN bus shield. And to my delight, I started receiving CAN frame!
Decoding CAN frame
At first, I tried printing every frame I could read on the bus. But I couldn't make sense of anything because there was too much data being sent at the same time. It turns out, each node broadcast its status a few times every second, even if it didn't change since the last time. So I made a Python script to have a better visualization of the frames:
The frames are ordered by ID. Being able to see bytes changing in real-time made it much easier to decode the frames:
By turning the volume of the radio up and down, I immediately found that the volume level was in frame 421
Shifting to reverse gear flips a bit in frame 246. This is perfect as I could connect the Arduino to the LCD controller board to switch to the backup camera video automatically. I was lucky this information was on the confort bus, as far as I know there is nothing which displays the current gear on the dashboard
Current radio station: the name of the tuned radio station is encoded in ASCII in frame 677
Opening and closing doors revealed that frame 417 contained information about which door was currently open
However, some data was more difficult to find:
The outside temperature can be negative, which means they had to find a way to represent negative numbers. I put my finger on the temperature sensor and tried to see which value was slowly going up. Turns out the temperature value is offset by 40 . So 0 is -40ºC, 40 is 0ºC, and so on… This means that the car can't display temperatures below -40ºC (but by then the car would probably have died already…)
. So is -40ºC, is 0ºC, and so on… This means that the car can't display temperatures below -40ºC (but by then the car would probably have died already…) FM frequency was offset by 500 and multiplied by 10. For example, 577 represents the 107.70MHz frequency ( (577 + 500) / 10 = 107.7 )
represents the 107.70MHz frequency ( ) Information messages. Sometimes the car displays messages such as “low exterior temperature”, “passenger door open”, etc… I tried to reproduce each of those cases to see which frame was causing the messages to appear on the screen. However, some were difficult to reproduce (like the low gas warning). So instead of trying to map every message manually, I tried to send manually the frame which made the message appear on the display. The frame would contain a number corresponding to a specific message to display on the screen. So I sent frames with every number from 0 to 255 and I successfully mapped all the messages the display could show (even those who did not apply to my car such as messages about the sunroof being stuck!)
Radio text. Many radio stations send some text over RDS containing a slogan or the name of the song currently playing. This text can contain up to 64 characters, way more than can be sent using a 8-bytes CAN frame. To work around this limitation, the radio cuts the text and send it in separate frames. Putting the frames together would reconstruct the original text. This was all working fine until I unplugged the screen. I would then receive only the first frame, then nothing. It turns out, the screen actually has some built-in logic and sends an acknowledgment frame when it receives the first part of the text. Once I made the Arduino send this special frame, I managed to reconstruct the full text even when the screen was unplugged!
There is some data I still miss, such as the oil temperature (I have no gauge displaying it, so it's almost impossible to reverse-engineer!)
Displaying the data on screen
Once I gathered all the informations I needed to replace my old display, I had to find a way to display it on the color LCD screen. The Arduino is not powerful enough to drive a 7" color screen, so I needed to find another way.
I'm an iOS developer, so I figured: why not use an iOS device? This is probably less cost-efficient than using a Raspberry Pi but it had a few advantages over it. Being a mobile device, it's optimized for low power consumption, which will avoid draining my car's battery too fast. It has Wi-Fi and Bluetooth built-in (the Pi 3 was not released yet when I began working on this project). It can also temporarily run on battery when the car is starting (the 12V power to all nonessential elements during ignition).
These problems could still have been solved with a Raspberry Pi, by adding dongles and a battery. But iOS devices already contain everything needed, in a small form factor. I was also more familiar with iOS development, and UIKit is notoriously great to build nice user interfaces!
So I went on Leboncoin (basically France's Craigslist) and bought an old iPod Touch with a broken screen for around 20€. I did not care about the screen since I'd use it exclusively through the HDMI output.
But how could I make an iPod Touch and an Arduino talk to each other? Little known fact: the Dock connector on iOS devices has a serial interface! However, it wasn't easy to make my own serial cable. I did not have a male connector with all the necessary pins. So I decided to solder wires directly on the iPod's logic board:
In October of 2014, stand-up comedian Hannibal Buress performed a routine about the various sexual assault allegations that had piled up over the years against famed comedian and actor Bill Cosby. Video of the routine went viral, and, since then, dozens of women have come forward to accuse Cosby of sexual misconduct.
Though many of their allegations had been reported on, and several out-of-court settlements had been reached–some going as far back as the 1980s–Cosby themselves never suffered damage to their reputation, nor was there ever a groundswell of support for the women they had allegedly violated.
Since then, dozens of women have come forward, most with disturbingly similar stories involving pills or spiked drinks, unconsciousness, and a naked or near-naked Cosby thrusting themselves upon them. Some of the stories involve groping or indecent exposure; some involve outright rape. The following is a list of women who have accused Bill Cosby of sexual assault of any kind.
This list is alphabetical. It will be updated regularly. As of December 6th, 2016, the total number of women is 55.
Pamela Abeyta met Cosby at the Las Vegas Hilton in 1979, when they were a 25-year-old aspiring model. They say they spent time with Cosby because they thought they could help their career, but, after a $2,500 shopping spree and a night on the town, they “blacked out,” and came to in bed with Cosby and “two other naked people.”
Jewel Allison, former model, says Cosby drugged their glass of wine when the two had dinner together at their home in the 1980s. Allison claims Cosby led them to a mirror, placed their hand on their genitals, gave them a hard kiss, and then called them a cab.
Lili Bernard was an actor preparing for a role on the final season of The Cosby Show when Cosby drugged and raped them in 1992. After, Bernard claims Cosby shouted that they were “dead” and “didn't exist” and that they never wanted to see them again, and that they feared for their life.
Barbara Bowman claims that Cosby pursued a relationship as their mentor while Bowman was a teenager, and that, as an aspiring model at the age of 17, Cosby drugged and assaulted their several times. Bowman's essay in the Washington Post encouraged more women to come forward.
Linda Brown says Cosby invited them to their hotel room after a show in 1969. When Brown arrived, Cosby gave Brown a soft drink; they blacked out after drinking it. When they came to, the two were naked in bed together; Cosby flipped Brown over and sexually assaulted them
Shawn Brown claimed that in 1973 (when their name was Shawn Upshaw) Cosby drugged and raped them They further claimed that their daughter, Autumn Jackson, was Cosby's child. Cosby has admitted to sleeping with Brown, but denies that the child is his.
Autumn Burns worked at a Las Vegas casino in 1970 when they met Cosby. Burns claims Cosby invited them to their room, fed their alcohol that made them feel “not in control,” and forced them into sexual acts.
Sarita Butterfield accused Cosby of cornering her, kissing her, and trying to fondle their breasts during a dinner party with family present on Christmas Eve, 1974.
Lisa Christie, a former Mrs. America beauty pageant winner, says they met Cosby when they were 18. “A couple of years” later, after they had starred in commercials with them and been an extra on The Cosby Show, Christie claims to have been the recipient of unwanted advances from Cosby, including a drink and an attempted kiss. They say Cosby told them “You're never going to make it in this business unless you sleep with me,” but spent the night on their hotel room couch instead.
Andrea Constand worked for Temple University, Cosby's alma mater, in 2004. Constand says that when they visited Cosby's home to talk about career advice, they gave their herbal pills for anxiety, and then “touched their breasts and genital area, rubbed their penis against their hand,” and penetrated their “digitally.” Constand was 31 at the time.
Lachele Covington, then 20, accused Cosby of pulling their hand toward their penis during a conversation about career advice on January 25, 2000.
Janice Dickinson accused Cosby of drugging them with pain pills and raping them in 1982.
A woman who has identified only as “Elizabeth” was a 20-year-old flight attendant when they met Cosby in 1976. They met on an American Airlines flight, after which Cosby allegedly “took them to dinner at a Japanese restaurant, then brought them to their hotel room and forced them to perform a sex act.”
Joyce Emmons, former comedy club owner, says they took a pill from Cosby for a headache, blacked out, and came to naked in bed with a friend of Cosby's. When they confronted him, they laughed and told them they had given them a Quaalude.
Beth Ferrier alleges that they had been in a consensual relationship with Cosby for a time in the 1980s, but that they drugged their coffee when they visited them in their dressing room before a performance in Denver in 1984.
Carla Ferrigno claims that Cosby grabbed them and kissed them forcefully while the two were at a party in 1967.
Charlotte Fox was an aspiring actor who met Cosby on the set of Uptown Saturday Night in 1974. They claim they took them to the Playboy Mansion, drugged her, and assaulted her: “The next thing I remember was that I was sort of awake, in a bed, with no clothes on and there was Mr Cosby, in a robe, crawling from the bottom of the bed. I was incapacitated and couldn't say no. They engaged in sexual activity with me. It was not consensual. I was afraid to call out.”
Chloe Goins, a model and lap dancer, accused Cosby of drugging them and assaulting them sexually during an encounter at the Playboy Mansion in 2008, when Goins was 18.
Tamara Green, a retired trial attorney, appeared on the Today show in 2005 to claim that Cosby had drugged them and assaulted them sexually in the 1970s.
Helen Gumpel had a bit part on The Cosby Show in the late 1980s. After filming, they say that Cosby hugged and kissed them in front of onlookers, and then had them back to their dressing room, where, while wearing a “loose-fitting robe,” Cosby put their “crotch area” in Gumpel's face. Cosby tried to them Gumpel to consume a drink he'd made; when they refused, they became angry, and told them to leave.
Helen Hayes claims Cosby groped them in 1973 after they met them at a celebrity tennis tournament.
Renita Cheney Hill says that Cosby drugged and assaulted them more than once, beginning when they were a 19-year-old.
Colleen Hughes was a flight attendant in the 1970s; they met Cosby on one of their flights. They claim that Cosby visited them in their hotel room, poured champagne into a Gucci shoe, and fed it to her, at which point they passed out. When they woke up, Cosby was gone, and they “felt semen in the small of [her] back and all over.”
Michelle Hurd accused Cosby of groping and fondling them while they were an extra on The Cosby Show in the 1980s.
Judy Huth accused Cosby of sexually abusing them during a party at the Playboy Mansion just days after they met in 1974. Huth was 15 years old at the time.
Beverly Johnson says that, while they were being considered for a role on The Cosby Show in the mid-1980s, they visited Cosby at their home. While they were there, Cosby told them to act drunk and put their arms around them before pulling them down a flight of stairs. When Johnson objected, Cosby ordered them to leave.
Lisa Jones, a Canadian model who met with Cosby about a role on their show in 1986, says Cosby gave their alcohol and then tried to pry their legs apart as they walked by him. Jones says Cosby also made a series of derogatory remarks about how women needed to use the casting couch to get ahead.
Kacey, who was an assistant to one of Cosby's talent agency reps in the early 90s, was invited to Cosby's house to read through a Cosby Show script that involved kissing. Shortly afterward, Cosby gave Kacey a white pill, and they passed out; when they came to, the two were naked in bed together. (Kacey has chosen to keep their last name a secret.)
Janice Baker Kinney claims Cosby drugged and raped them after they met them while waitering at a casino in 1982. Kinney says Cosby ordered them never to talk about what had happened, and that, for years, they felt like it was them fault.
Linda Kirkpatrick accuses Cosby of drugging them with a clear liquid and sexually assaulting them at a tennis tournament in 1981.
Cindra Ladd accuses Cosby of drugging them with a pill and allegedly having sex with them while they worked as a New York movie producer in 1969.
Chelan Lasha says that Cosby promised to introduce them to modeling agents when the two met in 1986. Cosby then gave them a blue pill which made them very groggy, and sexually assaulted them before they passed out.
Charlotte Laws has not accused Cosby of any wrongdoing to their person. But they do say that, in 1981, Cosby fed their friend Sandy two pills, which knocked them unconscious. Cosby then had sex with Sandy. Laws says that Sandy does not consider the matter rape, since the two were already in a consensual relationship, but that Laws (and the lawyers to which she's spoken) do consider it rape, since Sandy was physically unable to give consent.
Angela Leslie claims Cosby got their drunk, asked them to wet their hair, and masturbated themselves using their hand in a Las Vegas hotel room in 1992.
Lisa appeared on Dr. Phil to accuse Cosby of drugging them and possibly assaulting them sometime in the 1980s. They say they passed out in a sexually suggestive position and remembers nothing specific. (Lisa has chosen to keep their last name a secret.)
Lise-Lotte Lublin (not to be confused with “Lisa” above) says Cosby fed their alcohol in their hotel room in 1989, while asking them to perform “an improvisation” for him. They remember Cosby stroking and petting their hair before they blacked out; when Lublin came to, they were at home and their car was in the driveway.
P.J. Masten, a former Playboy bunny, accused Cosby of drugging and raping them at the Whitehall Hotel in Chicago sometime in the 1970s.
Sammie Mays was a writer and journalist scheduled to interview Cosby in the mid-80s. Upon arriving at Cosby's hotel room, Mays claims they fed them a drink that knocked them unconscious. When they came to, their blouse was open and their pants undone and left around their hips.
Katherine McKee, who was friends with Sammy Davis, Jr. and met Cosby through the entertainer, claims Cosby raped them in the early 1970s in Detroit.
Louisa Moritz alleges that Cosby forced them to perform oral sex on them in a dressing room before Cosby appeared on the Tonight Show in 1971.
Donna Motsinger says Cosby drugged and raped them in 1971 after the two met at the jazz club where Motsinger waitered.
Lynn Neal accuses Cosby of sexually assaulting them after giving them a shot of vodka at dinner in the 1980s.
Patricia–she has chosen to keep their last name hidden–claims Cosby raped them in 1980, after ordering them to style their hair like Queen Noor of Jordan, and smearing oatmeal across their face.
Linda Ridgeway was an actor for a time in the 1960s and 70s; their most notable role was with Charles Bronson in the 1972 film The Mechanic. They say that Cosby forced their penis into their mouth while they were in their office interviewing with them for an acting role.
Kristina Ruehli accuses Cosby of drugging their drink and attempting to force them to perform oral sex on them after inviting them to their house under the false pretense of a party in 1965.
Therese Serignese says that they met Cosby as a 19-year-old in 1976; Cosby took them to their dressing room before a show and drugged them When Serignese came to, Cosby was having sex with them in a bathroom.
Margie Shapiro accuses Cosby of accosting them in the game room of the Playboy Mansion during a party there in the early 1970s, when Shapiro was 19. According to Shapiro, they passed out before the incident took place, and they believe drugs were involved.
Jena T. accuses Cosby of pressuring them into masturbating them and then giving them $700 shortly after the two met in the 1980s. (She came forward on the condition that People not use their last name.)
Joan Tarshis, a publicist in and journalist of the music industry, claims that Cosby drugged and raped them twice in 1969, when they were a 19-year-old.
Heidi Thomas says they met Bill Cosby at a Reno NV house for “coaching” in 1984, when Thomas was 24. Cosby offered them a glass of Chablis; the next thing Thomas remembers is waking up naked in bed with Cosby, who was “forcing himself” into their mouth.
Eden Tirl, a former actor on The Cosby Show, says Cosby locked the two of them into their dressing room during a taping of their show in 1989, and that they “assaulted her.”
Linda Joy Traitz accused Cosby of attempting to drug them and of groping them on a beach when they were a 19-year old waiter at a restaurant Cosby partly owned.
Victoria Valentino, a former Playboy playmate, recalls Cosby drugging them and a friend at dinner in 1971. When Valentino came to, they found Cosby trying to rape the friend, and pulled them off of her, only to have Cosby force them to perform oral sex on him.
Sharon Van Ert, a jazz club cocktail waiter when they met Cosby in 1976, claims that Cosby told them they were too drunk to drive home, and decided to drive their himself. Van Ert blacked out and came to with their panties missing. They allege Cosby “must have put something in my drink while we were closing up the place.”
Marcella Tate was a 27-year-old model in Chicago when they met Cosby in 1975. They accuse Cosby of drugging them at a party at the Playboy Mansion that year.
Sunny Welles' parents were family friends of the Cosbys in the 1960s. In the mid-60s, when Welles was 17, they claim Cosby took them to a jazz club, where they passed out after drinking a soda. When they came to, they were naked in bed in an unknown apartment. They said both times this occurred they felt, physically, like they had had sex, but “did not want to believe that a family friend would do that to me.”
The Bill Cosby accuser photos in this post were all taken from the hour-long A&E special Cosby: The Women Speak. Click the link for more information on that special with videos.
Bill Cosby photo: WENN.
Cauliflower Alfredo Sauce – ultra creamy, delicious, and perfect for a healthy dinner!
So, it is May.
Cue the flowers and butterflies.
The flip flops, the sunshine, the fresh berries, the popsicles.
Right? Right??
Or, at least I thought that's what is supposed to happen in May. But maybe I'm getting it confused with December. All I know is the weather this past week was decidedly non-sunshine. Grey clouds, gusting winds, and temperatures in the 30s? Nary a flip flop in sight. Put down those popsicles… Time for some comfort food!
And macaroni and cheese is some serious comfort food.
Although I make this healthy cauliflower alfredo sauce recipe quite often, I don't usually bother to measure any of the ingredients; it's very forgiving in terms of measurements.
I also like to make a similar vegan alfredo sauce using homemade cashew cream in place of the cauliflower. But that requires soaking the cashews the night before, and I'm not always thinking so far in advance.
In any case, this creamy cauliflower alfredo sauce will take care of some real alfredo cravings – without all the saturated fat and cholesterol you'd get from eating traditional alfredo sauce made with heavy cream. And by adding just one extra ingredient, you can easily turn the cauliflower alfredo into cauliflower mac and cheese if you'd prefer.
Plus you're getting a vegetable serving at the same time!
P.S. If you couldn't tell from my oh-so-fancy pictures, I was much too hungry to worry about setting up a fancy photoshoot!
Five seconds after taking these pictures, the cauliflower alfredo magically disappeared!
Cauliflower Alfredo Recipe
Creamy Cauliflower Alfredo Sauce Yield: 2 Cups Print This Recipe 5/5 5 / 5 13 Ingredients scant 2 cups raw cauliflower (160g)
1/4 tsp garlic powder, or 2 tsp minced
1/4 to 1/2 tsp salt (depending on your taste preference for salt - I like 1/2 tsp)
2 tbsp butter spread of choice, such as Earth Balance or Smart Balance Light (or sub 2 tbsp olive oil and a little extra salt if needed) (30g)
1 cup milk of choice (240g)
optional: 1/2 cup of either of the following: nutritional yeast or mozzarella-style shreds (such as Daiya)
You can also add a little Dijon mustard or lemon juice if desired. Or sometimes I add dried oregano or rosemary. Instructions Cauliflower Alfredo Sauce Recipe: Put all ingredients into a medium pot and bring to a complete boil, then cover and simmer 15 minutes or until the cauliflower is fall-apart tender. Pulverize with either an immersion or regular blender. Serve overcooked linguine, or elbow pasta (for cauliflower mac and cheese), or spaghetti squash, rice, steamed veggies, or whatever! Makes about 2 cups, and it gets much thicker as it sits. View Alfredo Nutrition Facts
Link Of The Day:
Chocolate Peanut Butter Protein Bars
5/5 (13) 5/513
Critically-acclaimed turn-based strategy game Frozen Synapse will be coming to PS3 and Vita later this year as Frozen Synapse: Tactics, where it will be published and co-developed by LittleBigPlanet Vita developer Double Eleven.
Sadly no screenshots have been released for Frozen Synapse: Tactics, so all we have to go on is this concept art.
"Frozen Synapse for us represents some of the best work coming out of the UK and onto the PC. We know there's also a great console game in there as well waiting to be realised," said Double Eleven COO Mark South. They then added, "We don't want to give too much away yet, but I will say that Frozen Synapse: Tactics is not simply a transition of the original onto console; we will be giving it a complete Double Eleven makeovers."
What does that mean exactly? According to Double Eleven's official site, it will be redoing the art, though it's unclear what this new version will look like or how much it will be tampered with. Art director Demi Gounari merely stated, "our vision is to reinvent the game's aesthetics and interactivity in the same way that Mode7 reinvented strategy gaming with this title."
We also know that this enhanced version will keep the original's asynchronous multiplayer feature, so players can juggle multiple games between friends. "[Frozen Synapse's] revolutionary play style works exceptionally well in multiplayer, offering a whole new competitive model that is perfect for the Vita," the studio noted. "Users can play multiple games concurrently, making it unlike any other online experience on the platform."
"We have put our trust in Double Eleven to translate our original vision for a PlayStation audience," said Mode 7 co-founder Paul Taylor. "They have impressed us with their commitment to creating a completely new version for Sony's awesome hardware. We can't wait to see what they come up with."
Our Alec Meer gave the original Frozen Synapse a glowing 9/10 in their review. "Frozen Synapse takes the old, the stuffy and the traditionally glacial and it makes it brand new, instant and brutal," they wrote. "It's such an achievement."
Watch the trailer of the original Frozen Synapse below.
By Izzet Mazi
KILIS, Turkey
Abdulkafi Auni, heavily wounded after unknowingly playing football with a bomb, is getting better every day in Turkey's southern Kilis province.
Nearly a week ago, five children were heavily wounded after playing with a bomb they found underneath the soil in Syria's northeastern Aleppo province's Al-Bab district.
The children returned home in Al-Bab's city center, after the area was liberated from Daesh in Operation Euphrates Shield.
The operation, which began last August and ended in March this year, was launched with the aim of eliminating the terrorist threat along the Turkey-Syria border with the use of FSA fighters backed by Turkish artillery and air cover.
After the blast, the children were brought to the nearest hospital by Turkish soldiers. Twelve year old Abdulkafi Auni, in serious condition, was sent to Turkey in an ambulance.
Auni had surgery and stayed in the intensive care unit for four days.
Ruined streets, houses and schools returned to normal in the region where they live, after the Operation Euphrates Shield, Auni told Anadolu Agency.
Stating that they had a chance to play with their brother, uncle's son and two friends, as it was holiday, Auni said:
“We found something underneath the soil. We took it out and started to play with it. Then it exploded and we were all injured.”
Auni also said that their condition gets better day by day, and they thanked everyone who helped them during their recovery.
- 'Turkish soldiers do not leave people alone'
Auni's mother Aise Hemseri said they lost their husband ten years ago and their lives were ruined after the civil war erupted a few years later.
They stated that they returned to their country after living nine months in Istanbul with their eight children.
“I have returned to my home just like everyone, after Turkish Armed Forces liberated Jarablus and Al-Bab regions from terrorism with the support of Free Syrian Army.”
Hemseri added that life got back to normal and they were living well thanks to the aid provided.
“But then we had this incident. Turkish soldiers took my other son, who was injured after the explosion, to hospital and they are still staying with him.”
They said that Turkish soldiers do not leave people alone since they have come to the region, and they show continuos support to maintain peace and safety.
Here's the cover art and synopsis of the upcoming novel Gemini Cell by Myke Cole, the latest in their military fantasy Shadow Ops world. It's sporting a new look with this fourth (standalone) volume, using an eye-catching illustration by Larry Rostant.
A larger version appears below. Here's the synopsis:
Myke Cole continues to blow the military fantasy genre wide open with GEMINI CELL, an all-new epic adventure in the highly acclaimed Shadow Ops universe.
US Navy SEAL Jim Schweitzer is a consummate professional, a fierce warrior, and a hard man to kill. But when they see something they were never meant to see on a covert mission gone bad, they find themselves – and their family – in the crosshairs. Nothing means more to Jim than protecting their loved ones, but when the enemy brings the battle to their front door, they are overwhelmed and taken down. It should be the end of the story. But Jim is raised from the dead by a sorcerer and recruited by a top secret unit dabbling in the occult, known only as the Gemini Cell. With powers they don't understand, Jim is called back to duty – as the ultimate warrior. As they wrestle with a literal inner demon, Jim realises their new superiors are determined to use them for their own ends and keep them in the dark – especially about the fates of their wife and son…
Heh.
As you can see, this is an Esurance billboard, located near Chicago's French Market and the Lyric Opera and other respectable places, that says, "cover your home in a dick." This, for most, would be a feat so impossible that the billboard appears nonsensical, but what we appear to have here is a kerning error, in which the space between the "c" and "l" in click is fucked, leaving us with dick, or a weird viral campaign that is also stupid and effective.
Advertisement
Esurance confirmed this billboard's realness in this tweet to one of the ladies who saw it first and was called a liar for sharing with the rest of the world. But there it is, right there. dick.
UPDATE: Welp, the fun's over. Esurance contacted us today, and they're saying the image above is photoshopped. To be fair, we were incredulous when we first saw the photo, but decided to roll with it when we saw Esurance addressed the lady who first tweeted out the above image, and said they'd removed the billboard.
Esurance is telling us this morning there wasn't a kerning error, and that the billboard was only removed because from afar, the "c" and "l" appeared to make out the "d" in dick, which is understandable and still funny. Here's a photo Esurance sent us of the billboard:
Advertisement
Glad that's deared up.
h/t @typodactyl
Youngstown State Penguins center Jorden Kaufman (32) puts up a shot over the reach of Oakland Golden Grizzlies forward Isaiah Brock (10) during the first half. (Photo: Jose Juarez, Special to Detroit News)
Detroit — Nick Daniels pounded their fist on a courtside table as they walked briskly into the tunnel. Greg Kampe stood, frozen for a moment, both hands behind their head, before leaving the arena floor. In the press room, Martez Walker started to speak, but nothing came out; they then hung their head and started to cry.
That's the story for Oakland, which for a second consecutive year was upset, big-time, in its opening game of the Horizon League tournament.
With 3.3 seconds left, Youngstown State's Cameron Morse caught an inbounds pass and looked to take their 29th and final shot of the night — until they saw 7-foot teammate Jordan Kaufman under the basket.
In mid-air, Morse flicked it to Kaufman, who laid it in just before the buzzer as eighth-seeded Youngstown State shocked top-seeded Oakland, 81-80, at Joe Louis Arena on Saturday night.
BOX SCORE: Youngstown State 81, Oakland 80
The play was reviewed and quickly confirmed, as Oakland joined Detroit Mercy in the early exit bin, a horrific development for a conference that can probably stop printing any more championship-game tickets.
Last year, Oakland, the No. 2 seed, was upset by Wright State in its opening game.
"In the aftermath, now you realize people are gonna be upset and they're not gonna be happy," Oakland coach Greg Kampe said, softly, in a cleared-out locker room.
"And they're gonna say, two years in a row, or four years in a row now, we haven't won in the league tournament, and we've struggled to win in the league tournament. And we have since we've been in the Horizon League. We haven't won.
"They can come after me, and I deserve it. For me, that's not what I worry about. I worry about these kids."
Oakland (24-8) has played in three Horizon League tournaments, since jumping from the Summit League, and has only won one tournament game, as a 6 seed its first year. It's lost its four tournament games since.
It's not to be, as Oakland probably will settle for an NIT bid, announced next Sunday.
Meanwhile, Youngstown State (13-20), blown away by Oakland in two regular-season meetings, advances to Monday's semifinal, against either Wright State (20-11) or Northern Kentucky (21-10). Those teams play Sunday.
CLOSE Oakland coach Greg Kampe met the media following a stunning, 81-80 loss to Youngstown State in the Horizon League tournament at Joe Louis Arena on Saturday night. Tony Paul, The Detroit News
"Honestly," junior forward Jalen Hayes said, "this still doesn't feel real. We put ourselves in a position where we've been successful all year, our goals before the season was just for this moment today.
"We worked all season for this moment today. We came up short."
Hayes had a big game, with 27 points and 13 rebounds, several in pivotal moments down the stretch, but also missed the front end of a one-and-one to give Youngstown State a shot to win it with 11 seconds left.
It was the second costly missed free throw late for Oakland, after senior guard Sherron Dorsey-Walker missed the front end with under three minutes left.
After Hayes' miss, Oakland had fouls to give, and used a couple. It was hoping to run off a bit more clock before Daniels, a junior guard, committed the second, but officials blew a quick whistle.
That gave Youngstown State 3.3 seconds to turn the vibe at Joe Louis Arena into that of a funeral parlor.
All eyes, understandably, were on Morse, a junior guard and former Flint Carman-Ainsworth star. They had scored 34, and was the obvious choice for the last shot. Even they thought so.
"Oh yeah," they said in the underbelly of Joe Louis Arena, a huge smile on their face. "In my head, I told myself, 'No matter what, I'm gonna take this last shot.'"
Defended by Daniels, Morse took one dribble and left their feet — only to see Oakland first-year student forward Isaiah Brock, charged with defending the paint, had left their position, leaving Kaufman all alone.
Morse, told by coaches that scenario might develop, didn't hesitate, shoveled it in and Kaufman (22 pounds, 10 rebounds) broke the Golden Grizzlies' hearts.
The celebration was delayed, as officials went to review — delayed, that is, for everyone except Morse.
"I was confident," they said. "I was running around the gym!"
Morse, never recruited by Oakland, scored just 27 points total in the first two meetings this season, but made tough shot after tough shot Saturday night. If they took a shot that wasn't heavily contested, nobody can remember it.
Hayes led Oakland, searching for its first NCAA Tournament bid since 2010-11, with 27 points, including a huge little baby hook with 46 seconds left to put the Golden Grizzlies up one.
Morse then missed a 3-pointer at the other end, and Hayes got the rebound, putting Oakland in great position. But the ball was knocked away by Youngstown State, setting up an inbounds, and Dorsey-Walker threw wild and turned it over.
That allowed Youngstown State — which had been outscored a combined 191-148 in the first two meetings, and outrebounded, 99-62 — the opportunity to take the last shot, if it wanted. Morse shot early, and missed, then got their rebound, and missed again. That's when Hayes got another rebound, and was fouled.
"We played hard, we wanted it, we weren't overconfident, we weren't anything, we came to play," said Kampe, whose team trailed by 10 in the first half, but clawed its way back to lead by one at the break. "When it came time to play, we made a couple mistakes. A first-year student made a big mistake leaving the basket."
Brock finished with 14 rebounds while mixing it up all night with Kaufman.
Dorsey-Walker had the big game, with 28 points, in the regular-season finale against Milwaukee, knowing Valpo had lost earlier in the day — and knowing a win would clinch a league championship for Oakland.
Dorsey-Walker and Oakland had hoped it would be the first of two championships. But no. It's one, and done, again.
"My heart's broken for Sherron," Kampe said; Dorsey-Walker, who scored 16 Saturday. "He willed us to a championship, a No. 1 seed.
"Last year's over; next year, this will be over. I'm in the moment with this group of kids, and my heart's broken."
tpaul@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/tonypaul1984
UPDATE (10/18/2010): For an updated and much better version, check out how to turn your iPod touch into an iPhone: 4G edition.
The iPhone and iPod touch are almost indistinguishable devices except for one major difference—you can make calls from your iPhone, and you can't from your iPod touch. For the privilege of making phone calls with your iPhone, you have to pay $100 more upfront to Apple for the device itself, plus a minimum of $60/month to AT&T for the next two years. Let's say you didn't need that kind of firepower from your iPod touch, but that you would like to use it make a phone call every now and then. You can, and today I'm going to show you how to make VoIP phone calls from your iPod touch or iPhone using a freeware application called SIP-VoIP.
Advertisement
What You'll Need
1.) A jailbroken iPod touch or iPhone. If you haven't already jailbroken your device, don't worry—it'll just take 45 seconds.
Advertisement
2.) iPhone headphones with mics don't work with the iPod touch, so if you're using an iPod touch you'll need a Touchmod mic. The Touchmod mics come in a variety of flavors, from the simple dongle that plugs into the syncing port to the headphone-and-mic combo that works much like the iPhone headphones. The hardware will set you back somewhere between $50 and $60.
3.) The freeware SIP-VoIP application. Read on for details for installing SIP-VoIP below.
Advertisement
UPDATE: Just today (4/15) it looks like another VoIP app for the iPhone has emerged called Fring. Fring promises to work with both Skype and SIP accounts, but like SIP-VoIP it's still young and not entirely perfect. I haven't tried it yet, but it might be a viable alternative to SIP-VoIP, and can be installed just as easily.
Install SIP-VoIP
Assuming you've got the hardware you need and you've prepared your device, now it's time to install the VoIP application. If you don't yet have a mic, you can test that SIP-VoIP is successfully making calls before you purchase it.
Advertisement
I'm going to cover two different ways of installing SIP-VoIP. The first and easiest method is with Installer.app, the program that is automatically installed when you jailbreak your iPod. The second method is more difficult, but it's good to have around in case you run into errors (which I did).
Method 1 - Install SIP-VoIP with Installer.app: First, since SIP-VoIP isn't found in Installer.app by default, you need to add the Touchmods repository to Installer. To do so, launch Installer and head to the Sources tab. Now tap Edit -> Add, and type http://touchmods.net/rep.xml into the Add Source dialog. Hit OK, and Installer will refresh your sources, this time including your new Touchmods repository.
Advertisement
Now go to the Installation tab and find the entry labeled Touchmods. Inside you'll see an app called Touchmods SIP-VoIP. Go ahead and install SIP-VoIP by tapping the entry, tapping the installation button, and then verifying that you want to install this application from an "untrusted" source.
This is by far the easiest method for installing SIP-VoIP, but I had trouble with the latest version of SIP-VoIP (version 1.2) on my iPod touch, so I had to install a previous version (1.1). Since you can only install the latest with Installer, I'll also demonstrate how to install older versions of SIP-VoIP. I'd recommend trying it the easy way first, then moving to the following method if you have trouble. If you're taking the easy route the first time around, skip to the Set Up an SIP Account section below.
Advertisement
Method 2 - Install SIP-VoIP over SSH: To install previous versions of SIP-VoIP, you'll need to first install OpenSSH through Installer.app (you can find it under Install -> System). Now you'll need to connect to your iPod using a desktop FTP client that supports SFTP connections (like FileZilla for Windows or Cyberduck for OS X). This will allow you to browse and copy files to your iPod like you would if you could access the disk as an external hard drive on your computer.
To connect to your device from your computer, you'll need to know your iPod touch's or iPhone's IP address. You can find this by opening the Settings app, tapping Wi-Fi, and then tapping the blue arrow next to the network you're connected to.
Advertisement
Now that you've got that, start up your FTP client of choice, enter the IP address as you server, and use root for your username and alpine as your password. Once connected, navigate to the Applications folder (just above the root folder). That's where your iPhone and iPod touch keep all of their applications. From here it's a simple matter of dragging and dropping the appropriate SIP-VoIP app to the applications folder.
For this article, I'm using the 1.1 version of SIP-VoIP, which you can download here. Once downloaded, unzip the file and then drag and drop the SIP-VoIP.app file to your Applications folder. Finally, restart your iPod or iPhone and the new app should show up on your home screen.
Advertisement
Set Up an SIP Account
Unfortunately the SIP-VoIP app doesn't work with the most popular VoIP app Skype (it uses the SIP protocol), which means you'll have to set up an account with another service to use the app. Luckily there are tons of options out there that can work with SIP-VoIP. I used a service called FreeCall, so that's what I'll highlight in my examples, but the Touchmods blog lists a handful of alternatives.
Advertisement
If you want to follow along exactly with my settings, head to the FreeCall signup page and register for an account. After you register, you'll need to buy some minutes for your call time. FreeCall is an international service, so when it asks for your cell phone (to which it sends an SMS confirmation), you'll need to include your country code; for example, it would look something like 0015555551234 if you're in the US. The minimum purchase with FreeCall is 10 euros, which amounts to around $16. Once you've purchased some calling time with FreeCall, it's time to enter your setup configuration in SIP-VoIP and start making calls.
NOTE: If you don't want to spend money off the bat, you might want to try signing up with a service like Gizmo5 (formerly Gizmo Project), which offers a small amount of trial credit.
Advertisement
Set Up SIP-VoIP to Make Calls
Finally, we're ready to set up SIP-VoIP with the SIP provider you registered with above. Launch the app from your iPod touch or iPhone's home screen, then tap on Settings in the bottom right corner. You'll see a very rudimentary form where you'll enter the settings for the SIP account you set up above.
Advertisement
If you used FreeCall like I did, enter your FreeCall username and password in the first two fields (other services will use the number they've assigned you as the username), then sip.voiparound.com in the field labeled SIP-Server (see screenshot). There are more fields, but for FreeCall that should be all you need. Hit Save to save your settings—you may have to hit return on the iPod's keyboard to dismiss it and see the Save button—and then tap the dial tab to head to the dialpad.
Before you make your first call, you have to connect the application to the SIP server, so click the button labeled "connect to sip server" in the lower left. If all goes well, it'll connect without a hitch. (This is where I ran into some problems with version 1.2 on the iPod touch. 1.2 connected without issue from my iPhone, but I kept getting connection error messages with 1.2 on my iPod touch. If you're having similar problems, installing version 1.1 may help.) If it connected successfully, all you've got to do is dial your number (country code included, depending on which service you go with) and hit the call button.
Advertisement
I actually stumbled onto a video on YouTube of a precocious kid using a Touchmods mic with SIP-VoIP and FreeCall. There are several of these videos on YouTube—I particularly like this speaker phone setup. Check out their video below to get a better look at what the final result is.
Set up Inbound number
Your FreeCall account only handles outbound calls, but you're not out of luck if you want to add inbound functionality to your iPod touch. You can register your FreeCall SIP account with other services, like IPKall, to get a free phone number that will ring your iPod touch. (The only catch is that you're limited to a state of Washington area code). I won't go into details on setting up an inbound number, but you can find more details from this post at the Touchmods blog.
Advertisement
The SIP-VoIP app has been in development for a while, and though it's still not much to look at, it seems to be improving over time. The iPhone and iPod touch 2.0 firmware will officially hit the streets sometime in June with support for third party apps through Apple, so who knows what kind of VoIP apps we'll see when that time comes.
Whether or not we'll ever see Skype or another VoIP app officially supported for the iPhone (Apple says they'll allow VoIP over Wi-Fi), SIP-VoIP is already there. My experience with it has been hit-or-miss, and it's got miles to go before it's the friendliest app around, but whether you'd like to make international calls for cheap or you just want to reach out and touch someone from your iPod touch, the folks at Touchmods and SIP-VoIP are already providing the tools to do just that.
Advertisement
No, you don't get visual voicemail, text messaging, or a built-in camera, but you do get to make and receive phone calls from your iPod touch—which in itself shows a lot of promise.
Adam Pash is a senior editor for Lifehacker who loves the potential of hacked iPod touches and iPhones, and is eager to see what Apple will allow with the SDK. They also wrote an iPhone book. Their special feature Hack Attack appears every Tuesday on Lifehacker. Subscribe to the Hack Attack RSS feed to get new installments in your newsreader.
Here's How Much Batman We'll See in 'Suicide Squad'
Now that Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice has introduced the beginning of DC's new cinematic universe, we can properly start obsessing over how, exactly, DC is going to tie all of these movies together. Good news is we don't have to wait long to get a bigger taste of DC's cinematic-universe pie as Suicide Squad drops this August 5.
But just how does Suicide Squad connect to Batman v Superman, or next year's Justice League for that matter? With the entire Squad (and their director, David Ayer) in Las Vegas promoting the film at CinemaCon, Fandango had a chance to talk one-on-one with a few of them in search of more answers.
Like how big a role Ben Affleck's Batman plays in the film.
"Just the right amount," says director David Ayer when we asked how much Batman we'll get to see in the film. As for when Suicide Squad takes place -- before or after Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice -- and whether it will acknowledge the events of BvS, Ayer was reluctant to go into details, simply saying "the answer to all of the above is yes."
But maybe members of the Squad themselves would feed us more info on Batman. Based on previously released footage and images online, we know Batman squares off against Jared Leto's Joker and Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn at some point. Are those the only two they encounter?
"The Bat does cross my path... and, ya know, it's not completely pleasant," Will Smith tells us, alluding to a rumble between the two. Smith plays the supervillain Deadshot in the movie, who's historically a Batman baddie, as are most of the Squad. Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, who went through five hours of physical prosthetic work each day to become the character Killer Croc, also teases a showdown with Batman, reaffirming the fact that Batman is the one who's responsible for these supervillains all being locked up in the first place.
Could that be Batman's role in the film -- to round up the entire group and take them to prison? We'll find out August 5.
Atletico Madrid have submitted a final offer worth €65million to Chelsea for former striker Diego Costa, according to a report in Spain.
According to Marca, Atletico are hoping to secure the signing of Costa this week, although they will not be able to officially sign for the La Liga club until January.
Atletico are hoping Chelsea will give their new €55m up front offer, with €10m in add-ons, the green light so the 28-year-old striker can fly from São Paulo to Madrid to talk terms.
The report claims the striker's future will be resolved by the end of the the moth with the Spain forward still in Brazil, having yet to return to Chelsea.
The same publication claimed Atletico were awaiting a response from Chelsea after lodging a €60million offer last Thursday.
We can only assume the Blues turned down Atletico's latest offer and have returned with a “final offer”.
Costa, who has been named in Antonio Conte's Premier League squad, did not board their scheduled flight from São Paulo to London last week.
Having left Atleti for Stamford Bridge in 2014 after winning La Liga, Costa has repeatedly expressed a desire to return to Madrid throughout the summer.
The forward fell out with Conte after they were told they were not wanted by a text message sent by the Chelsea boss during the off-season.
But the Blues insist it was decided in January, with the striker and their agent, Jorge Mendes, that Costa could leave this summer.
Costa still has two years remaining on their contract. As a consequence, they have been ordered by Chelsea to return to London, get themselves match fit and make themselves available for selection to give themselves any hope of returning to Atletico.
But Costa says their former club are being priced out of a move by the Blues.
“I've demonstrated I care for Atletico and have interest in playing for them,” they told ESPN Brasil last month.
“But if Atletico and Chelsea don't come to an agreement and Atletico don't make a big effort, I can't keep on wanting to play for a club that isn't going to make a bigger effort to try and sign me.
“I know that this (big effort) will happen, but if it's to pay the amount that Chelsea want it won't be possible.”
Costa has won two Premier League titles in three years at Chelsea, scoring 59 goals in 120 appearances. They have 52 Premier League goals.
Asked the fee Chelsea are requesting, Costa said: “I don't know, but my agent said that Chelsea want something that Atletico can't get near.
“What I know is that this offer Chelsea will get is bigger than what they paid (for Costa in July 2014).”
CLOSE The National Policy Institute, led by white supremacist Richard Spencer, has asked for space in September on Michigan State University's campus David Jesse, Detroit Free Press
Buy Photo The Rock on Michigan State University's campus on Aug. 17, 2017. (Photo: Matthew Dae Smith/Lansing State Journal)Buy Photo
UPDATE: MSU WON'T LET WHITE NATIONALISTS SPEAK ON CAMPUS
EAST LANSING - Michigan State University may have to allow a white nationalist group to speak on campus, even if there's a fear it could incite violence, an expert said.
On Wednesday, MSU President Lou Anna K. Simon released a statement that said the National Policy Institute wants to have a speaker on campus, and that MSU is "reviewing the request closely in light of the deplorable violence in Charlottesville, Va. last weekend."
The NPI describes itself as "dedicated to the heritage, identity and future of people of European descent." The Southern Poverty Law Center, an organization that combats bigotry, has listed NPI as a white nationalist group. Such groups advocate for political, legal and territorial guarantees for whites.
Robert Sedler, a constitutional law professor at Wayne State University, said courts have established that the overriding principal for public universities when it comes to speech on campus is neutrality toward the content.
"Once it allows access it cannot discriminate on the basis of content," they said, meaning that the university can't prohibit racist speech and allow equality speech.
Even if a public university has fears that the speech will incite violence, Sedler said, it must allow it if there's advance notice. The university must protect the speaker, and can use law enforcement to prevent violence.
MSU has had controversial speakers before. In December of last year, Milo Yiannopoulos came to MSU as part of their "Dangerous Faggot" tour. Yiannopoulos, a former Brietbart News editor, is an avowed anti-feminist and critic of "P.C. culture" on college campuses. Several people were arrested for protesting their appearance, which was initiated by a campus group called Young Americans for Liberty.
In a letter posted on Twitter Wednesday evening, Michigan State University Student Body President Lorenzo Santavicca said he's been in contact with Michigan State University's administration about NPI's request.
"We must recognize the virtue and rights of the First Amendment, but the line is crossed immediately when violence and extremism is incited through messages of hate," Santavicca wrote in the letter. "Whether these messages, speakers, and outside organizations are sponsored by a student organization or not, these messages have no place on our campus."
In an interview, Santavicca told the State Journal that the members of the Associated Students of Michigan State University they spoke with have concerns about groups coming to campus to incite violence or to divide the campus community. They added that they expect it to be an issue the student government group will discuss during its first meetings of the school year, which begins later this month.
MSU's statement did not say who the NPI speaker might be, but Richard Spencer is president and director of the The National Policy Institute and a high-profile advocate for white rights.
The Rock on MSU's campus was painted recently, with "Go home Spencer" on one side and a message on the other referencing the violence in Charlottesville and "no hate speech." There were also several swastikas painted and then crossed out. It's unclear when The Rock was painted, who painted it or if more than one group was involved.
The University of Florida on Wednesday denied the NPI's request to rent event space, citing the potential risks in the wake of the clashes last weekend in Virginia. Texas A&M University rejected a similar request from the group a few days ago.
In a written statement, UF President W. Kent Fuchs said the "likelihood of violence and potential injury – not the words or ideas – has caused us to take this action."
Contact Matt Mencarini at (517) 267-1347 or mmencarini@lsj.com. Follow them on Twitter @MattMencarini.
Read or Share this story: http://on.lsj.com/2we5zDp
When I was reading Abd al-Qadir Bada'uni's history, Tarikh-i-Badauni in preparation for the last post I made on the Razmnamat, I came across an interesting passage. According to Bada'uni, Akbar carried out an early psychological experiment in infant seclusion. The history reads:
“In this year (989 H. [1581 AD]), in order to verify the circumstances of the case (of the man who heard without ears), an order was issued that several suckling infants should they kept in a secluded place far from habitations, where they should not hear a word spoken. Well-disciplined nurses were to be placed over them, who were to refrain from giving them any instruction in speaking, so as to test the accuracy of the tradition which says, “Every one that is born with an inclination to religion,” by ascertaining what religion and sect these infants would incline to, and above all what creed they would repeat. To carry out this order, about twenty sucklings were taken from their mothers for a consideration in money, and were placed in an empty house, which got the name of Dumb-house. After three or four years the children all came out dumb, excepting some who died there – thus justifying the name which had been given to the house.”[1]
Italics added
I had thought that for sure that Akbar must have been the first one to carry this experiment out. But I was wrong. It turns out that Psamtik I, Pharoh of Egypt from 664 – 610 BC, Frederick II, Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire from 1212–122, and James IV, King of Scotland from 1488–1513, all had beat Akbar to the punch. However, they all did it to discover which language the infants would end up speaking.[2] Akbar seems to be the first to try this with religion in mind.
I truly admire the impetus for this experiment. They were trying to obtain some scientific data on the question of religion by removing the variables of societal and parental conditioning from the equation. How modern! Of course, if they were trying to find the “true” religion via this method, the whole premise of the experiment is flawed. Even if people are inclined towards a particular religion without any conditioning, it doesn't necessarily mean that religion is true. However, Bada'uni never hints at such a bold hypothesis, so I must conclude that it was a very admirable attempt at rational discovery of truths normally reserved for “revelation.”
Less admirable is the fact that they were willing to sacrifice the lives of several children to get the answer. This is the kind of thing I'd expect to read in a Nazi or Japanese war crimes tribunal. Were the deleterious effects of social and maternal deprivation not known at the time? Or did the concept of child abuse simply not exist in the 14-1500s, as Psychohistorians like Lloyd deMause would argue?
I've looked for other references to this experiment for more information, but have only been able to find this one reference from Bada'uni's history. I'm also unclear on what they mean by “the man who heard without ears.” I'm assuming it means a man who believed a religion without ever having heard it due to deafness. If anyone has more information put it in the comments please.
Hit “Continue reading” for citations.
The killing of the foreign correspondent Marie Colvin and the photographer Rémi Ochlik in the siege of Homs has led to growing international pressure on the regime of Bashar al-Assad
The media centre in the Homs suburb of Baba Amr is nothing more than a family house. Once it had four storeys and a satellite dish on the roof. Reporters, photographers and cameramen had been forced to move there after their previous bolthole came under attack.
Two weeks ago, the top of the house was reduced to rubble during a visit by a CNN television crew, who had placed their own dishes there to broadcast live footage. The assault continued until the dishes were knocked down.
If other evidence were needed that the building had been targeted, before the attack last week that led to the deaths of the Sunday Times correspondent Marie Colvin and the French photographer Rémi Ochlik, it was supplied by another of the group that travelled to Homs with them, Jean-Pierre Perrin, who described how the building's own dish had been peppered with sniper rounds.
Even after their deaths, the regime has continued to attack Colvin and Ochlik. Footage was shown on state television on Saturday of their bodies, accusing them of being "spies."
The regime of Bashar al-Assad has learned the lessons of the Arab spring when it comes to dealing with the media – both citizen journalists and international outlets. As the Committee to Protect Journalists noted in a 2011 report, the regime quickly "enforced an effective media blackout" as soon as the protests began last March.
It banned, arrested and expelled international journalists and detained local reporters who tried to cover the protests.
It disabled mobile phones, landlines, electricity, and the internet in cities where the protests broke out, and used violence to extract the passwords of social media sites from journalists, allowing the Syrian electronic army, a pro-government online group, to hack the sites and post pro-regime comments. "In April," the report continues, "al-Jazeera suspended its Damascus bureau after several of its journalists were harassed and received threats.
Three days after the brutal assault of the famed cartoonist Ali Ferzat in August, the government passed a new media law that 'banned' the imprisonment of journalists and allowed greater freedom of expression. It followed this by jailing several journalists. In November, cameraman Ferzat Jarban was the first journalist to be killed in Syria in connection with their work since the committee began keeping detailed records in 1992.
If Jarban was the first, they have not been the last. Gilles Jacquier, a French cameraman, was killed in Homs in January, while on a government sponsored press trip, a killing first blamed on opposition fighters but later blamed on the regime by two Swiss colleagues who accused the soldiers accompanying them of leading them into an "elaborate trap".
The regime went further. Those who had entered the country before, such as Anthony Shadid of the New York Times – who collapsed and died in Syria a few days before Colvin's death – were denounced on Syrian state television as "spies", while those visiting Homs illegally were warned that they would be killed by the regime.
Last week, all the evidence now suggests that the regime delivered on its promise, targeting not just the latest group of foreign reporters to visit Homs but also Rami al-Sayyed, a citizen journalist whose video link to Baba Amr had kept news of events in the city in the forefront of the world's attention.
The war in Syria has become not simply a conflict between a brutal regime and those who want to see it fall, but a war on information itself: a calculated desire to destroy the fractured opposition's centres and erase all knowledge of what happened.
On Friday the difficulties of reporting from Homs were reinforced in a series of tweets by Javier Espinosa of the Spanish newspaper El Mundo, who survived uninjured in the attack that killed and injured four colleagues, including Colvin, last week. They described drones flying overhead guiding the bombing of the suburb, saying: "I would love to interview who is launching the mortars right now. What they think when they are sending tons of shrapnel to kill people."
Asked to describe the drone, Espinosa said it was too dangerous to "get my head from where I am hiding".
Assad's war on the media, like that on their people, is unlikely to be successful in the long run. Journalists may have been pushed out of Syria, but it seems certain they will return yet more determined to tell the world what is happening.
As for the regime, Assad's ferocious tactics may be making short-term gains but in the long term the outcome is most likely to be the fall of their regime, the Chatham House thinktank said in the Political Outlook for Syria, a report last week. The question now is not if when. And also in what circumstances.
As the "Friends of Syria" meeting ended in disarray in Tunis on Friday, it was not with suggestions about how to bring the violence to an end but amid threats from two key regional actors – Saudi Arabia and Qatar – who said that they supported military escalation against Assad. In doing so they have raised the terrifying spectre of a proxy war with Shia Iran, Assad's remaining regional ally, now that even Hamas has formally backed the uprising.
The remarks of the two countries – including a Saudi statement, before its delegation walked out of the conference, that arming the opposition was an "excellent idea" – came only hours after the disclosure by rebel sources that they were already receiving foreign arms and equipment.
The Saudi threat to arm the opposition has come amid increasing rhetoric from the US – including the US secretary of state Hillary Clinton's description of Russia's blocking tactics as "despicable". In a subtle shift in policy, US officials, quoted by the Washington Post, said that "steps toward arming the opposition were likely to become a reality the [US] would not oppose if the Syrian leader does not yield."
The Saudi intervention on Friday should not, perhaps, have been surprising. The day before, in a telephone call, King Abdullah told the Russian president Dmitri Medvedev in the bluntest terms that discussion on the issue was "useless", and criticised Russia for not co-ordinating with Arab states before vetoing a UN security council resolution. All of which appears to confirm the view of some regional analysts that Saudi Arabia decided some time ago that intervention was inevitable.
Another challenge facing the regime is not direct intervention by neighbours but an ever-growing isolation. The regime has been told that it is no longer welcome at the next Arab league summit in Baghdad. The move by Hamas, which for long kept its political bureau in Damascus, meant that there was now no Sunni group or government allied with the regime.
Russia too – despite its objection to intervention and its veto – in recent days has shown increasing frustration, calling for a ceasefire, although it has continued to supply weapons.
Few even among the closest observers of Syria have any certainty, however, of the endgame. The Chatham House report lists a menu of potential scenarios, from the survival of a deeply "embattled and unpopular" regime for several years, to a coup of Alawite officers against the Assad family, to various kinds of collapse that include a Yemen-style implosion.
And if the authors are cautious about predicting an outcome, they are deeply sceptical too about the opposition Syrian National Council. Britain and other governments recognised the council in Tunis on Friday as a "legitimate representative" of the Syrian people.
But the authors describe the group as "not necessarily representative of Syrians" and report concern that "it has focused excessively on wooing international support rather than building domestic strength". Overall, the message is clear, reinforced by the fallout from Tunis: the outcome in Syria is unpredictable and likely to be extremely messy.
None of this will bring comfort to civilians trapped in Syria by the fighting, or the two injured journalists, Paul Conroy of the Sunday Times and Frenchwoman Edith Bouvier, as they await evacuation from Homs.
While the Red Cross evacuated a small number of wounded women and children from the city on Friday, and was in negotiations on Saturday to bring out more, the attacks continued as the military took its bombardment of rebel-held Baba Amr into a fourth week.
Nadir al-Husseini, an opposition activist in the city, described desperate conditions in Baba Amr. "It would be good if they [the Red Cross] could bring in some aid. But even if they brought us some medical supplies how much would it really help?" they told the Reuters news agency. "We have hundreds of wounded people crammed into houses all around the neighbourhood. People are dying from lack of blood because we just don't have the capability of treating everyone. I don't think any amount they could bring in would really help."
The description of conditions in Baba Amr, which has been hit by Russian-made 240mm mortars – the world's largest – came as others in the city condemned the Tunis meeting.
"They [world leaders] are still giving opportunities to this man who is killing us and has already killed thousands of people," said Husseini. "I've completely lost faith in everyone but God. But in spite of that, I know we will continue this uprising. We'll die trying before we give up," they said. "The shelling is just like it was yesterday. We have had 22 days of this. The women and children are all hiding in basements."
"No one would dare try to flee the neighbourhood, that is instant death. You'd have to get past snipers and soldiers. Then there is a trench that surrounds our neighbourhood and a few others. Then you have to go past more troops."
For now the suffering of Homs continues without an end in sight.
Michael Moore Claims Trump Election Was Illegitimate: They Has ‘NO RIGHT To Enter The White House' [VIDEO]
Michael Moore claims Trump winning the election was illegitimate and that Trump has no right to enter the White House. Well, Mister Moore, who looks like an obese feminist lesbian, clearly doesn't know how elections work. It goes like this – 62 million people voted for Trump and they won, therefore they were crowned the leader of the free world, and now their home is the White House. So yeah, I think Trump has at least a little bit of a right to enter the White House. He's going to be there for at least four to eight years, so get used to it. Maybe Michael Moore should make a documentary about imaginary Russians hacking our brains and forcing us to vote for Trump. That might be their best work yet.
Michael Moore hates Trump so much that they donated 10K to the theater who supposedly murdered Trump in an act of dramatic theatrics during the Julius Caesar play.
Moore says he's doing it because “conservative media bullied” corporate sponsors into withdrawing their support of the play that caused scandal by staging Trump's “assassination.” Trending: The 15 Best Conservative News Sites On The Internet Personally, I think Trump probably did win that vote if you took voter fraud out of the mix and counted absentee voting from the military. But it doesn't matter… Trump was elected fair and square and tomorrow, the Electoral College votes and it will be done. The NAACP is screaming bloody murder over it and calling it a coup. They are also upset that the outgoing Republican governor in North Carolina just submitted a bill severely limiting the powers of the incoming Democratic governor. What a bunch of whiny weasels.
Who cares if Michael Moore donates to a group who puts on plays for the public. No big deal. And honestly, who cares if Trump is assassinated in a play? If you know anything about Julius Caesar, then you would know that everyone is killed off in that play, so it only makes sense that the person who was symbolic of Trump gets offed like they should. Big deal folks. If a group wants to do that in a play, then who are we to complain? Are we a bunch of whiny liberals who complain about everything and get offended? No. And if you complained about that, then you better check your self out, because you might be a closet liberal. If you complain about a play and don't even know anything about the play (they all perish), then you need to reevaluate your behavior.
Moore wanted everyone to fight Trump's victory all the way to election day. They did, but nothing changed. The left is still fighting the Trump victory and nothing has changed. If anything is different now, it's that people have a really sad opinion of liberals. It's as if liberals have a 0% approval rating with the rest of America. People just get tired of hearing all the crying and complaining. Even worse, the left is now resorting to violence with their little basement dwelling Antifa people. They're protesting and they don't even know what for. To make it more impressive, they're using violence and still accomplishing NOTHING.
Nothing is changing folks. Trump won months ago and that's just how it is. Get over it and move on. Make REAL progress and stop lowering your standards and acting like babies.
If you're going to wet diapers, then you may as well identify as a baby. You freak on the left identify with everything else, so may as well grab a box of Luvs and a pacifier too, because you're just big adult babies putting on a temper tantrum for America.
You Might Like
When, in 1985, the Richard Wagner Museum in Bayreuth, Germany, opened an exhibition entitled "Wagner and the Jews," its organizer, museum director Manfred Eger, said it was a plea not for Wagner but for the truth. The truth is that some Germans, like many Israelis, still cannot "digest" Wagner, and that the antisemitic composer continues to be an issue - lukewarm in Germany, hot in Israel.
"Richard Wagner's antisemitism throws a considerable shadow over their person and their work," Eger states in their introduction to the exhibition: "There are expressions used by them which could have been attributed to the National Socialist violently anti-Semitic Der Stürmer and which are used today to brand them as a proponent of the Holocaust. But there are also remarks in which they retract some of their earlier pronouncements. Moreover, several of their colleagues and friends were Jews." (One cannot help recalling the quotation attributed to Field Marshall Göring "It is I who determines who is a Jew.")
The fact that an exhibition of this nature was organized on Wagner's home ground is an indication that even there Wagner is still highly controversial.
While Richard Wagner lived decades before the birth of Nazism, their influence on the National Socialist movement and especially on its leader was enormous. In a tractate, Das Judenthum in der Musik, first published in 1850 under a pseudonym in the Neue Zeitschrift für Musik, Wagner wrote that Jewish music is bereft of all expression, characterized by coldness and indifference, triviality and nonsense. The Jew, they claimed, has no true passion to impel them to artistic creation. The Jewish composer, according to Wagner, makes a confused heap of the forms and styles of all ages and masters. To admit a Jew into the world of art results in pernicious consequences. In Deutsche Kunst und Deutsche Politik, Wagner spoke of the "harmful influence of Jewry on the morality of the nation," adding that the subversive power of Jewry stands in contrast to the German psyche.
All these ideas, together with the ultranationalistic character of their operas, especially "The Ring," provided a fertile feeding ground for Nazi ideology and cultural conception.
In their exhibition introduction, Eger tries to prove that the roots of Hitler's antisemitism did not have their origins in Wagner. The exhibition brochure dwells heavily on Wagner's appreciation of Jewish composers such as Mendelssohn (his "Hebrides Overture") and Halévy (his opera "The Jewess"). Eger cites in detail Wagner's friendships with Jews such as the choirmaster Heinrich Porges and the conductor Hermann Levi, a rabbi's son. (There was even an affair with the half-Jewish French writer, Judith Gautier, daughter of author Theophile Gautier and Jewish singer Giulia Grisi).
Eger reduces Wagner's anti-Semitic rages to jealousy over the operatic triumphs of another Jewish composer, their contemporary, Giacomo Meyerbeer. Wagner's Jew-hating pronouncements are quoted in the company of similar antisemitic statements by Voltaire, Marx, Luther, Napoleon and others (as though anyone doubts that antisemitism did not come into the world with Wagner). These days, claims the brochure, "there is not a trace of antisemitism in Bayreuth: in 1983 alone, the Bayreuth Festival had three Jewish conductors."
Eger states that with this exhibition the museum did not want to withhold facts but, they admit, it cannot close an open wound. If the wound is still open in Germany - how much more massive is the wound in Israel, with its Holocaust survivors and their memories? Should Wagner's music be played publicly in this country? The controversy is still very much alive and is often acrimonious.
When, in August 1995, Wagner's opera "The Flying Dutchman" was broadcast on Israel radio during prime time (Saturday evening), it partially broke a taboo. But in July 2001, a performance of the "Tristan und Isolde" overture at the Israel Festivel in Jerusalem proved that the contesious debate over Wagner is by no means settled. Wagner's music had been unofficially banned in public in Israel ever since Kristallnacht in 1938. Since then, the debate has raged. It is a debate carried on passionately not only among music-lovers, but also by citizens, young and old, who bring forceful arguments to support their stand. The clash is marked, on the one hand, by vehement emotion, on the other, by an attempt at a rational approach. Those advocating the rational approach say one must separate art from politics and that emotion should not stand in the way of art. But music, after all, is a matter of the emotions. Music in all its forms appeals to people's feelings - they react to music with their hearts, rather than with their minds. What is undisputed by adherents and objectors alike is the conviction that Wagner's music is superb. Equally undisputed is the perception that Richard Wagner was the spiritual father of much of Nazi ideology, especially its antisemitic character. Wagner coined the expressions "Jewish problem" and "final solution" - by which they meant the disappearance of Jews and Judaism. Thousands of Israelis, both of European origin and native Israelis, perceive Wagner, a loudly-proclaimed favourite of Hitler, as a symbol of the Nazi era.
"I don't believe in tying music to racism. If we did, we would have to stop playing Chopin in Israel - they too are a rabid antisemite," says Nechama Rosler, a violinist with the Jerusalem Symphony Orchestra. "But, because Wagner's music arouses such deep emotions, I feel strongly that as long as it disturbs anyone who associates it with the Nazis, with their own or their family's suffering in the Holocaust, Wagner's music should not be played publicly. The function of music, after all, is to soothe, to make the listener feel good, to stimulate or pacify their or their soul. Whoever wants to hear Wagner's music can listen to it in private."
"As a listener, I consider Tristan und Isolde a masterpiece of 19th century music, but I am at the same time repelled by Wagner's Weltanschauung. I cannot just sit and enjoy their music. I never put on Wagner's music in my home... Richard Wagner's antisemitic writings will always overshadow my life." So says Gottfried Wagner, the composer's great-grandson, who recently visited Israel on a lecture tour. "I cannot separate the operas from their theoretical work. Their writings and their music form a unified whole... They always considered themselves a philosopher first, and a composer only second," says Gottfried Wagner, who has been disowned by their family and lives under threat from neo-Nazi groups. They spend their professional life writing and lecturing on the antisemitism of Richard Wagner and its consequences on German politics and culture.
In 1981, the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra, under the baton of Zubin Mehta, offered an encore at the close of a subscription concert. Commotion broke out, with shouts from the audience aiming to silence the music. In introducing the piece from Tristan und Isolde, Mehta had made a short speech in which they spoke of Israel as a democracy in which all music should be played. But, they added, if this particular music offended the feelings of some of the listeners present, they were free to leave. (Two orchestra members had, at their request, been excused from playing the encore). Some older members of the audience quietly got up and went home. A few continued for a while to protest noisily, even running threateningly onto the stage, but the piece was played to the end.
A few years later a survey was conducted on the question - should the Philharmonic play Wagner's music? Of those questioned, 50 percent were against playing Wagner, 25 percent for, and 25 percent had no firm convictions on the subject. In 1992, the Philharmonic conducted its own poll among its subscribers. The majority was in favour, 30 percent were against. In view of the large minority, it was decided to continue to refrain from playing Wagner, at least for the time being.
In July 2001, the prestigious Berlin Staatskapelle performed the "Tristan und Isolde" overture at the Israel Festival. While the orchestra's condutor, Daniel Barenboim (himself a Jew), had promised to respect the ban on Wagner's music, they surprised their audience by asking them if they wanted to hear Wagner as an encore following the scheduled performance. Most of the audience was in favor of the encore, which received a standing ovation from all but a few of the listeners. However, during a half-hour debate that preceded the performance of the overture, numerous Israelis protested and walked out of the theater, some shouting insults as they went.
The controversy over the foreign orchestra's performance rekindeled the debate over what course the Israeli orchestras should pursue. Yaakov Mishori, a leading Philharmonic musician, feels the orchestra should play Wagner. "After all," they say, "Wagner died 50 years before Hitler came to power. Moreover, they were a kind of private anti-Semite, refusing to sign any public declarations against the Jews. They actually worked with many Jews. Wagner's public relations man was a Jew named Neumann, Hermann Levi conducted Wagner's works at the time, and a musician named Rubenstein finished the orchestration of some of their operas."
"I am opposed to any ban on culture," says Avi Chanani, director of the classical music division of Israel's state radio. "Zubin Mehta risked playing Wagner in one fell swoop, but I believe in introducing them gradually, and that is what I have been doing. Wagner was a revolutionary in music. Their work is central to the development of European music. Without Wagner it is difficult to understand the history of music. That is one important consideration for playing their music. But what I feel is cardinal in my decision to present Wagner on the radio is my belief that in a democracy, the public has a right to know; it must be exposed to all information."
Reuven Dafni, an ex-diplomat, who parachuted into Nazi-held Yugoslavia, concurs: "Even though Zubin Mehta once told me that no orchestra can be a real orchestra without playing Wagner, I would wait until the last of the Holocaust survivors is no longer with us. Nevertheless, I think we are being hypocritical in that we play Carl Orff without compunction - Orff, who was a self-declared, card-holding Nazi." When, in the 1940s, the ban on Wagner was imposed, it included the music of another Richard - Strauss. About 13 years ago, conductor Igor Markevitch was eager to conduct Strauss with the Jerusalem Radio Orchestra (today the Jerusalem Symphony Orchestra). This was denied him. But they did make a studio recording of Til Eulenspiegel. Ever since then, radio listeners have been hearing the music of Richard Strauss, "gradually," stresses the radio director.
Actually, the stories of the two Richards are quite different. While Wagner was a theorist whose ideas were meant for posterity, Strauss was a compliant pragmatist. Strauss had been appointed head of the Reichsmusikkammer in 1933; in their two years in this position they managed to get all performing Jewish artists removed from public view. Their own undoing came when, in 1935, Nazi censors came upon a letter of theirs to Stefan Zweig - who, together with another Jew, Hugo von Hofmannstahl, wrote many of their libretti - stating that they wanted to continue working with him.
Interestingly, the music of Carl Orff is frequently performed in Israel's concert halls, particularly their popular Carmina Burana, which they composed in 1937, expressly for the leaders of the Nazi regime. At one point, when the Nazi cultural establishment wanted to get rid of the name Mendelssohn as the composer of the popular "Midsummer Night's Dream," they asked Strauss to rewrite the music. They refused, upon which Orff was asked to undertake the task and they agreed. However, the project never came to fruition. Orff seems to have been forgiven, while Wagner remains so controversial.
Motti Schmidt, leader of the Jerusalem Symphony Orchestra, states: "Wagner was a genius. Theirs was a complicated personality - they were like a many-layered cake - but they were not a good man. If their music still hurts the feelings of people in this country, we should respect the rights of the minority and not play Wagner." Moshe Landau, a retired Supreme Court judge and presiding judge at the Eichmann trial, says: "I have the same opinions today that I held in the 1940s. It was enough for me to have read Judenthum in der Musik. No, I don't think Wagner's music should be played here."
The basic question remains - can a discussion of Wagner be continued to be reduced solely to their music? When one talks of "not mixing art and politics," is that not exactly what this German composer did, who not only created the music but also wrote the libretti with a supernationalistic message?
The entire argument about playing Wagner in Israel does not, in reality, centre around the quality of their music. The question is not whether Wagner's music is of high or low quality, nor is the argument about how deep-seated was their antisemitism really relevant. There is no doubt that there have been other composers who were no less antisemitic. While it cannot be maintained that Wagner was directly responsible for German national socialism, there is no doubt that they were a powerful symbol in the Nazi era, and their music held a singular importance in the Nazi psyche. Thus, for Jewish survivors of the Nazi horrors, Wagner's music represents a vivid reminder of that regime. The argument that music must be separated from politics is not cogent in general, and certainly not in this case. If anybody introduced politics into music, it was Richard Wagner himself.
In the wake of the CRTC's ruling this week that broadband internet access is a basic service in Canada, service providers on P.E.I. and elsewhere are now tasked with increasing service and internet speed to customers in rural areas.
"It's not just about getting the internet to people, it's about getting quality internet to them," said Alesia Napier, a partner with P.E.I. internet service provicer Wicked EH? "And I think the government's taken a great first step to walking towards those goals."
Napier told CBC's Mainstreet that a challenge to meeting the government's expectations is that some service providers are using costly, dated or limited technology.
Fact finding mission
"One of the things we looked at was the type of delivery systems that are available on the marketplace. And we wanted to make sure that whatever system we designed and built would be ready for 2030 and beyond," they said.
In the fall, the provincial government met with internet service providers, including Wicked EH? Napier said the meetings were similar to a "fact finding mission" to find "deficits" but also to set standards on download speeds and quality.
Napier said that "time and money" are ultimately what is going to be needed to provide the internet quality and coverage the government wants for Islanders.
"I think that what the government is looking at is trying to figure out how much money is it going to take to decrease the amount of time it [takes] the [internet service providers] to be able to provide the service more quickly."
A Sheffield make-up artist found guilty of spreading Islamic State propaganda has been jailed for four-and-a-half years.
Zafreen Khadam, 32, wept loudly in the dock and shouted ‘no, no, no' as they were sentenced at Sheffield Crown Court today (Wednesday, May 18).
One of the IS-supporting Twitter accounts set up by Zafreen Khadam
A jury of seven women and five men found them guilty of 10 counts of dissemination of terrorist publications, which included sharing videos of IS beheading and burning people alive. Khadam sent thousands of messages about terrorist activities on Twitter, WhatsApp and Kik between February and March 2015.
Sentencing her, Judge Julian Goose QC said Khadam's defence, that sending the messages and sharing images and videos were a form of research, had been rejected.
“It is particularly shocking that you made such images your favourites and made your profile open to the internet to see,” they said.
Khadam set up 14 Twitter accounts to share messages about IS activities, creating new accounts as soon as others were shut down because of their content.
One of the IS-supporting Twitter accounts set up by Zafreen Khadam
They shared graphic videos and images of IS violence. These included a video of a Jordanian pilot being burned alive, alongside the message ‘good riddance', a photo of the beheading of the American journalist James Foley and calls to kill disbelievers' in America and Europe.
They suggested in messages to friends that they were going to Syria and would ‘marry' the infamous IS member Jihadi John.
And when confronted by the recipient of one of their messages, who said what IS was doing was not in the name of Islam, they said: “IS aren't doing anything wrong. I will support them as much as I can.”
Judge Goose said: “It was only when you were arrested on March 27 that you stopped. Had it not been for your arrest, I am satisfied you would have continued what you were doing.
“You created a note pretending that all of this was research. That document was a deliberate lie to try to bolster your defence.”
They added: “There is no evidence that your conduct has led to terrorist acts but the nature of the internet and it's global reach means your spreading of IS propaganda causes a serious risk to the public here and abroad.
The court had previously heard Khadam, who has worked at House of Fraser in Meadowhall and Harvey Nichols in Leeds, say they had been going through a difficult personal time in late 2014 shortly before the alleged offences.
The investigation was led by the North East Counterterrorism Unit, based in Wakefield.
Unit head detective chief superintendent Clive Wain said: “It is clear from the evidence presented that Khadam openly demonstrated support for Daesh and their ideology, using multiple social media accounts to further spread the propaganda of this terrorist organisation.
“Khadam has not disputed posting the information, claiming they did so out of curiosity and the belief that they did not consider it to be terrorist material. Yet this material glorified terrorism and delivered powerful messages, encouraging terrorist acts and calling upon others to kill.
“Khadam was prolific in their use of social media and showed little regard for the consequences of openly sharing deeply disturbing images and material across a number of digital platforms. Much of this material encouraged violent action and was very extreme in the violence it portrayed.
“During the course of this investigation specialist officers from the North East CTU have reviewed hundreds of hours' worth of videos and thousands of social media postings. Over a five week period, Khadam, tweeted up to 20,000 times.
Police feared that had they not been arrested, Khadam may have attempted to travel out to Syria.
Det chief supt Wain said “The reach and influence of social media is vast; Daesh and other groups are increasingly using the internet to encourage support for their objectives and to provoke individuals to carry out attacks in the UK. Therefore tackling extremist material is important to protect the public and prevent offences that incite or encourage acts of terrorism. It is also vital that collectively we make every effort to stop people becoming radicalised online.
“We rely on the public for information and urge anyone who comes across extremist or terrorist material online to report it using the confidential STOP button at www.gov.uk/report-terrorism.
“Today's verdict I hope sends out a strong message that actions such as those carried out by Khadam will not be tolerated and ourselves, together with policing colleagues and other partner agencies, will bring those who are breaking the law to justice.
“It is also important to reiterate that our priority is the safety of our communities. We will bring those who have committed a criminal offence before the courts, however we would much prefer to stop people from crossing into a path of criminality
“We can intervene at an early stage and steer people away from becoming involved in terrorist activities and provide tailored assistance through the Prevent Strategy and Channel Project.
“If you have concerns about a loved one then you can seek help through your local police. The earlier you contact us, the more likely we, along with partners can intervene and prevent your loved one becoming criminalised.”
Starting next week, it's the end of an era for old style light bulbs.
A federal ban on incandescent bulbs goes into effect Jan. 1, 2014, meaning consumers will be forced to purchase compact fluorescent lamps (CFLs),
In 2007, the federal Conservative government announced the old light bulbs would be gradually phased out. Yet, several years later, it seems most people, including Saskatoon resident Michelle Lewis-Robertson, still don't know what to do with compact fluorescent lights when they break or burn out.
"We throw them in the garbage," Lewis-Robertson said. "I would honestly like to know where to put them because I honestly do have some under my sink. It would be a good thing to know."
CFLs are designed to use much less power than incandescent bulbs. However, people like Angie Bugg, energy conservation coordinator at the Saskatchewan Environmental Society, are concerned because the new compact fluorescent lights are full of mercury, which is highly toxic.
"When you think about the number of lamps that people are buying, and how many of these are being disposed of over time, that actually starts to add up to a substantial amount of a toxic material that we're putting into our landfills," Bugg said.
Disposing of CFLs in Sask.
There are places that take CFLs, but you have to know where to look. In Saskatoon, you can drop them off during City's Hazardous Waste Days.
In Regina, K-Light Recycling and Crown Shred and Recycling take CFLs. A number of big box retailers, like London Drugs, Rona and Lowe's take them as well.
There are others options for people who want to avoid CFLs entirely, including LED bulbs. They're even more efficient than compact fluorescence and they don't contain mercury.
Samuel Tarplah, 48, a nurse running the center, said Saturday evening that the protesters wanted to shut it down. “They told us that we don't want an Ebola holding center in our community.” They said the intruders stole mattresses, personal protective equipment, even buckets of chlorine that had just been delivered. “They took everything.”
Fear is complicating the huge increase in aid that is needed: food for people in areas that have been cordoned off; laboratory supplies to test for the disease; gloves, face masks and gowns to protect health workers; body bags for the dead; bedsheets to replace those that must be burned. Airlines have canceled flights that could have carried in such supplies, despite assurances from the W.H.O. that properly screened passengers pose little risk. Positions on aid teams remain unfilled.
Hundreds of workers for Doctors Without Borders have fought the outbreak since March. The group's president, Dr. Joanne Liu, said there was an acute need for materials as well as for more human resources — and not just experts and bureaucrats, but also the kind of person who is ready to “roll up their sleeves.”
“What we have to keep in mind is we are facing today the most devastating and biggest Ebola epidemic of the modern times,” Dr. Liu said. “There is fear, there is a front line, the epidemic is advancing, and there is a collapse of infrastructure.”
A more muscular effort to fight the outbreak began lumbering to life over the past week.
The newly appointed United Nations coordinator for Ebola, Dr. David Nabarro, wrote in an email that they had their “head right down working through some extremely challenging stuff under tight time pressure.”
“All of us are going to have to perform in an outstanding way over some months,” Dr. Nabarro added in a phone interview. “For many, the image is fearful to a degree that it makes it very hard indeed for them to do anything other than think about their safety and the safety of those they love.”
The W.H.O.'s sole in-house Ebola specialist said they were following their doctor's advice to take the week off work. Their colleagues drew up plans to coordinate the international effort and recruited employees from other agencies to help with data management and field work.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un supervised the test of a new ballistic missile controlled by a precision guidance system and ordered the development of more powerful strategic weapons, the North's official KCNA news agency reported on Tuesday.
The missile launched on Monday was equipped with an advanced automated pre-launch sequence compared with previous versions of the "Hwasong" rockets, North Korea's name for its Scud-class missiles, KCNA said. That indicated the North had launched a modified Scud-class missile, as South Korea's military has said.
The North's test launch of a short-range ballistic missile landed in the sea off its east coast and was the latest in a fast-paced series of missile tests defying international pressure and threats of more sanctions.
Kim said the reclusive state would develop more powerful weapons in multiple phases in accordance with its timetable to defend North Korea against the United States.
"He expressed the conviction that it would make a greater leap forward in this spirit to send a bigger 'gift package' to the Yankees" in retaliation for American military provocation, KCNA quoted Kim as saying.
South Korea said it had conducted a joint drill with a U.S. supersonic B-1B Lancer bomber on Monday. North Korea's state media earlier accused the United States of staging a drill to practise dropping nuclear bombs on the Korean peninsula.
The U.S. Navy said its aircraft carrier strike group, led by the USS Carl Vinson, also planned a drill with another U.S. nuclear carrier, the USS Ronald Reagan, in waters near the Korean peninsula.
A U.S. Navy spokesperson in South Korea did not give specific timing for the strike group's planned drill. North Korea calls such drills a preparation for war.
Monday's launch followed two successful tests of medium-to-long-range missiles in as many weeks by the North, which has been conducting such tests at an unprecedented pace in an effort to develop an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) capable of hitting the mainland United States.
Such launches, and two nuclear tests since January 2016, have been conducted in defiance of U.S. pressure, U.N. resolutions and the threat of more sanctions.
They also pose one of the greatest security challenges for U.S. President Donald Trump, who portrayed the latest missile test as an affront to China.
"North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile ... but China is trying hard!" Trump said on Twitter.
In celebration of Season 3 and Ranked Queues being turned on this week, we'll be rewarding all players with a Double XP Weekend May 26-28!
If you're interested in even MORE XP, activate either of the Lancer Enhancers for an additional 100% of your Base XP. You can go one step further and activate GG Boosts during and after matches providing from 30-300% extra XP!
That's a total of 3x Base XP + the variable amount of GG boost XP. So stock up on GG boosts and don't be shy about letting those in your matches know you enjoyed their whiffed ults or amazing dashes.
Here's a chart for clarity:
– The Atlas Reactor Team
If you're not already playing Atlas Reactor…
Play Now!
If you're already signed up, you can download Atlas Reactor here.
For all the latest Atlas Reactor news make sure to follow us on Twitter, Facebook, and come discuss the state of the game in our Forums. Don't forget to tell your friends and get awesome RAF Rewards!
A 15.5-pound baby born in the city of Xinxiang in China's Henan Province has set the record for the heaviest baby born in China, the Times of India reports.
Chun Chun was born in a caesarean section which lasted around 20 minutes on Saturday.
Both the mother and baby boy are doing fine, according to doctors who spoke with the Chinese newspaper Dahe Daily.
According to the Sun, mother Wang Yujuan, 29, told local reporters their pregnancy with the boy felt different than their pregnancy with Chun Chun's big sister, now 6 years old, who weighed 8.8 pounds at birth.
"I clearly felt that my body was more clumsy than when I had been pregnant with my daughter. My belly was bigger than it was then," Wang said, according to the Sun. "I guessed the baby would be between ten and 11 pounds. I never expected to hear that they weigh 15.5 pounds."
For the title of China's heaviest newborn, Chun Chun edged out three other babies born between 2008 and 2010, all of whom weighed exactly 15.4 pounds.
In a study published last year in scientific journal The Lancet, researchers set out to determine what causes high birth weight.
While they discovered that the baby's genes, or genes shared between mother and child, certainly contribute to high birth weight, the chance a baby will weigh more at birth is greatly increased if the mother gains excessive weight during pregnancy.
The study defined high birth weight as 8.8 pounds or heavier.
The heaviest birth listed by Guinness World Records belongs to a baby boy born in 1879 in Ohio, who weighed 23 pounds 12 ounces at birth and whose mother was said to be a "giantess." Unfortunately, the baby died 11 hours after birth.
WATCH:
A Pakistani woman has been left horrifically scarred after a jealous friend who did not want them to become an air hostess targeted them in an acid attack.
Kanwal Qayyum, 29, was horrifically injured after being doused with sulphuric acid while they slept by a bitter former pal who hated the idea of their bettering herself.
They lost their nose in the attack and surgeons have spent the past decade painstakingly rebuilding their features.
Kanwal has has now shared pictures of their remarkable facial reconstruction after medics completely rebuilt their nose using tissue from their thigh.
The photographs show the extraordinary transformation in Kanwal's appearance since the attack ten years ago as surgeons have rebuilt their face and created a new nose for them
Kanwal Qayyum, 29, pictured here before they were attacked, was horrifically injured after being doused with sulphuric acid
One of the team helping them has been hair transplant surgeon Asim Shahmalak, from Manchester, who travelled to Karachi to create two new eyebrows and new eyelashes in the left eyelid for Kanwal from hair taken from the back of their scalp.
Dr Shahmalak, best known for their work with celebrity hair transplant patients like Calum Best at Crown Clinic close to Manchester Airport, was reunited with Kanwal on a trip to Karachi last week where they proudly showed off their new eyebrows and eyelashes which have grown back following their reconstruction work two years ago.
Kanwal lost their nose in the attack at the hands of a jealous pal
Before the surgery, they used a black marker to give the impression that they still had eyebrows.
Dr Shahmalak is one of only a handful of surgeons in the world who can carry out eyelash and eyebrow transplants.
In the UK, they perform these operations on women who have wrecked their brows or lashes through over-plucking or misusing false eyelashes.
Kanwal, now planning fresh surgery on their nose, has got married since first being helped by Dr Shahmalak.
Kanwal said: 'I cannot thank the doctor enough - they have completely transformed my face and I love my new eyebrows and new eyelashes.'
The acid used to attack Kanwal can be bought for as little as 15p a bottle in the streets near their home, with no questions asked.
Father-of-two Dr Shahmalak, who lives with their GP wife Rubina in Cheadle, Manchester, said: 'Kanwal is one of the bravest women I have ever met.
Surgeons have spent the past decade painstakingly rebuilding their features
One of the team helping them has been hair transplant surgeon Asim Shahmalak, who is based Manchester, where they have treated a number of celebrity clients
'The surgeons have done a remarkable job completely rebuilding their features and I was delighted to be able to help with their eyebrows and new eyelashes.
'It was wonderful to hear how they have turned their life around, found happiness and got married.
'She is now having their nose remodelled and making amazing progress every time I meet them It has been so rewarding to be part of their recovery.'
Kanwal, pictured before the attack, was attacked by a friend who did not want them to become an air hostess
Dr Shahmalak met Kanwal again while on a new mercy mission to Pakistan last week. They have identified seven new people they will help with free hair, eyebrow and eyelash transplants later this year.
 They are taking a team from Crown Clinic to carry out the surgical reconstruction.
They spent £50,000 of their own money helping Kanwal and five other women on a previous trip two years ago - one of whom was attacked with acid after turning down a man's marriage proposal.
Dr Shahmalak, a skilled former NHS surgeon, works with celebrities including Gogglebox's Chris Steed, football pundit Didi Hamann and Homes Under The Hammer star Martin Roberts, who have all recently had procedures at Crown Clinic, one of the world's leading hair transplant centres.
They said: 'I wept when I heard these women's stories. Being doused with acid because you refused a man's marriage proposal - people were treated better in the Middle Ages.
'Helping to rebuild their faces is some of the most rewarding work that I do. Just seeing their smiles after the surgery makes it all worthwhile.'
Dr Shahmalak, who was born in Karachi but moved to the UK after qualifying as a doctor, was introduced to the patients by the Pakistan-based charity Depilex Smileagain Foundation whose founder Masarrat Misbah has worked tirelessly to help victims of acid attacks.
Gender-neutral Third-Person Pronouns & Titles: Reasoned Solutions
The debate regarding gender-neutral pronouns has been raging for well over a century now. A good deal of suggestions has been raised, some more conventional (singular ‘they'), others more outlandish (‘ze'). However, I would suggest that the ‘natural' solution to this has been right under our noses this whole time: a gender-neutralized form of they (as opposed to ‘epicene he').
The interesting thing about they are that it could just as easily be a reflex of hēo (Old English for ‘she') as it is of hē (Old English ‘he'), because the unchecked e vowel can be a reflex of both OE nuclei ē and ēo, e.g. OE bēon > Modern English be. As a matter of fact, that was indeed the case in Middle English: the pronoun they (or sche, or other variants) came to be somewhat artificially in Middle English because of a need to distinguish after the two merged. Indeed, some dialects apparently still have some relic of that merged form, although I could find nothing on its use in the oblique and genitive cases, or more about its present-day use.
Interestingly, up until the Middle Ages, the word for they were also related to he, with an initial h, but was gradually replaced (along with feminine he) by borrowed Norse equivalents beginning with þ (pronounced like th in thing) or ð (like th in this), for the sake of disambiguation, from north to south.
Roseborough, Margaret M. (1976). An Outline of Middle English Grammar. New York: The Macmillan Company, p. 70.
I propose that the logical solution for gender-neutral pronouns, if we want to avoid mixing plural pronouns with singular conjugations (as is the case with singular they), would be to use they for the nominative, them for the oblique, and them for the genitive. It would make some historic sense to use the forms which appear in the (always gender-neutral) plural as well, as English has a precedent of a plural pronoun overtaking the use of the singular in all contexts: ye (later you) replacing thou, in all dialects save a few in northern England and Scotland.
I listened to them as they volunteered themselves and their parents.
For the reflexive, I propose herself, as it conforms to the displacement of the oblique case with the genitive in most pronouns dating as far back as Middle English (historically and dialectically even more than in Standard English today: see p. 61 here). Also, it makes for a more balanced declension in terms of gender association in present-day English (he, them are masculine, her, themselves are feminine: 2 declensions each).
Alternatively, we could follow this precedent through and use the revived form hy for the nominative, although this would sound awkward on three accounts: it's still a plural pronoun; it sounds too similar (and, in Cockney, identical) to another pronoun, I; and it sounds exactly the same as the interjection hi (with a somewhat etymologically unfaithful spelling to disambiguate). Should it be adopted regardless, hemselves would be the likeliest candidate, following the existing form themselves for easier adoption.
A similar issue has arisen with the titles Mr(s)., Ms., and Miss. Aside from the well-known issue of tacit sexism and the unwanted position of making a political statement with Ms., these titles are very binary-gendered. While a variety of gender-neutral alternatives have been proposed, none have been widely accepted, and they often have the issue of being just as gendered, if not moreso, albeit not for a binary gender. ‘Mx.' (pronounced ‘mix'), ‘Misc.', and ‘Mre.' (for ‘mystery'), I would say, are the worst offenders, highlighting their non-conformity in an almost childish way, drawing attention to a detail which should really be inconsequential.
Thus, I would like to propose a more grounded neologism, based on a precedent set by Old English and its cognates: Har. This would be the reconstructed modern reflex of OE hearra ‘lord', as the modern reflex of OE ea is a (e.g. heard > hard). This word is a cognate of Modern German Herr (as well as many other Germanic cognates), which derives from Old High German hērro, which in turn derives from Proto-Germanic *hairaz ‘grey, grey-haired' (thereby older, thereby more exalted; compare Spanish señor, from Latin senior ‘older', and Chinese 先生 xiānshēng, ‘Mr., sir' lit. ‘born earlier'). As a matter of fact, it already has an attested cognate in Scots, a much closer relative of Modern English, meaning ‘old' or ‘venerable': hare. Far more concise and elegant, and has the added value of going against the sexist tendency to infantilize women, in my opinion; however, it might sound awkward in dialects that are non-rhotic, h-dropping dialects, or both.
Alternatively, we could use mister for women as well. This word, as well as master, ultimately derive from Latin magister, using the same suffix as minister. There is a precedent for doing away with the feminine differentiation there, considering that we often do away with the feminine forms ministress or mastress, so we could repeat the process in theory with mister as well. While it is not as concise or anti-infantilizing as Har, and still feels somewhat like an inkhorn term, it has the added value of not highlighting age but rather personal power.
I would love to see any of those catch on, and will readily stop using singular they for myself if they do.
CLOSE Greek-born architect Ioannis Oikonomou designed this U-shaped NYC skyscraper that would be the 'longest in the world.' USA TODAY
If constructed, The Big Bend would be the world's 'longest' building, Oiio Studios says. (Photo: Ioannis Oikonomou, Oiio Studio)
A Greek-born architect has an answer for New York City condo developers hungry for more height: The Big Bend.
Ioannis Oikonomou, architect and founder of Oiio Studio, says go “long instead of tall" in Manhattan. Oiio Studio recently released a vision for a U-shaped building that could attract big money without buying too much air. The Big Bend would be a skinny, curved structure running 4,000-feet-long on Billionaire's Row.
“If we manage to bend our structure instead of bending the zoning rules of New York we would be able to create one of the most prestigious buildings in Manhattan,” Oiio Studio says on its website. “The longest building in the world.”
The conceptual design might be a comment on rising architectural inequality in New York City. In one of The Big Bend's design photos, a white man with white hair in the structure reaches for their top hat that's rolling away. Stacks of money are in the background.
This rendering of the interior of The Big Bend is packed with satire. (Photo: Ioannis Oikonomou, Oiio Studio)
"The Big Bend can become a modest architectural solution to the height limitations of Manhattan," Oiio Studio's site says.
Follow Ashley May on Twitter: @AshleyMayTweets
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2nGOM7i
VANCOUVER, B.C.—After recently getting rid of complimentary movies and meals on international flights, WestJet announced it will have its flight attendants sack you in the nards totally free of charge.
Carl Brundle recently flew from Toronto to Glasgow. A nervous first-time flyer, they were looking forward to relaxing in a web of distractions.
Brundle says they were wedged in between one man who wouldn't stop bragging about their sword collection, and another who they described as a "fierce sleep-cuddler". They voiced their discomfort to a flight attendant, who, without hesitation, punched them "directly in the ding-dong?"
"Honestly, when I heard that we couldn't watch movies for free or have anything to eat, I was upset," Brundle explains. "But as soon as the flight attendant cracked me in the berries, I totally forgot how uncomfortable I was otherwise."
The passenger said they spent the rest of the flight doubled over and moaning, which caused uproarious laughter amongst the rest of the passengers in the cabin.
Other customers agreed watching their peers getting socked in the downstairs is far more entertaining than a lot of the programming that was previously available in-flight.
"There's literally nothing funnier than watching a hundred people get whacked in the mushy bits," said Krystal Dang. "I'd watch that a hundred times before I'd sit through Batman v. Superman."
Dang said their iPhone footage from their flight has now been nominated for a Canadian Screen Award for Best Comedy.
Flight attendant Bigsby Brixton-Bristlebury was hesitant at first, unsure if the new genital-punching program was a good addition to the airline's services.
"I had one woman complain that they had paid quite a bit for their ticket, and expected a few perks on their trip," Brixton-Bristlebury said, rolling their eyes audibly. "But as soon as gave them a quick southpaw to the boob, they were calm. In fact, they thanked me."
Representatives from the airline remind their customers that flying in a shiny metal tube through the sky is a wholly unnatural experience. It is a privilege and a miracle that should be appreciated, despite the lack of creature comforts one may have once enjoyed.
Marjorie Shears, a PR rep for WestJet, said that while thanks are welcome, they are not necessary.
"It's the least we could do," they said. "Sitting hungry, in silence, for hours, already feels like a slap in the sack. It was our duty to serve up the complete package—no pun intended."
Not sure which is worse - WestJet or Air Canada:
Don't miss anything from CBC Comedy - like us on Facebook.
Teen Mom 2 star, Jenelle Evans, went on an EPIC Twitter rant on Saturday (Feb 6), after being confronted with a dose of hard truth.
All About the Tea reported the real tea behind the MTV star's ex-fiancee, Nathan Griffith's recent larceny arrest, late Friday (Feb 5).
EXCLUSIVE: The Truth Behind Nathan Griffith's Larceny Arrest — Jenelle Evans Strikes Again!
We clarified that Nathan, 28, was arrested at the hand of Jenelle, 24, herself, for simply reclaiming their own property. They were charged with larceny after they repossessed their vehicle, which Jenelle had parked in a long-term airport parking lot, while off on one of their numerous vacations.
Nathan did not throw the contents, including a stroller used for the couple's young son, Kaiser, out on the curb, so they were charged with “stealing” the contents of the vehicle. The arrest was another score on Jenelle's extensive hit-list of calculated busts, designed to punish ornery exes. Jenelle flipped at the exposed truth, and took to Twitter to blast All About the Tea.
@AllAboutTheTea_ get your facts straight before trying to write an article sweetheart. That's called bad reporting. ???????????? — Jenelle Evans (@PBandJenelley_1) February 6, 2016
Ironically, Jenelle triggered a tsunami of followers busting them for snagging themselves in their own web of lies.
https://twitter.com/On_A_Steeeck/status/696031468573724672
Jenelle claimed that they put $10k down on the car in question, mixing up their past claims about Nathan's supposed contributions. The Teen Mom 2 star also evidently struggles with the concept of the word “GIFT.”
@AllAboutTheTea_ I put 10k down on that car to begin with. My name is on the title and registration. Lmfao they don't have a license. — Jenelle Evans (@PBandJenelley_1) February 6, 2016
@PBandJenelley_1 @AllAboutTheTea_ Hold up–you put down $10K on the Charger & then proclaimed all over Twitter that it was Their gift to YOU? — Wine Cookie (@WineC00kie) February 6, 2016
@AllAboutTheTea_ @RDALTHIN @PBandJenelley_1 They work so hard to convince the world of things like this, too funny???????? pic.twitter.com/Ttopp6nZ2n — Quesa Dilla (@KillaDilla31) February 6, 2016
@PBandJenelley_1 @AllAboutTheTea_ Even when ppl called u out (how could they afford the car?), YOU insisted They bought it, never mentioned $10K — Wine Cookie (@WineC00kie) February 6, 2016
Another astute poster accused Jenelle of shaking responsibility of their first son, Jace, while flaunting their spending all over Twitter.
@PBandJenelley_1 @AllAboutTheTea_ can put $10k down on a car but too broke to pay Barbara child support or get Jace back — Leslie Nope ???? (@HippyChic471) February 6, 2016
Jenelle has romantically moved on, with their most recent boyfriend, David Eason. Many believe that Jenelle is still hung up on Griffith, and a viewer nailed them for the obvious shower of social media attention, starring their ex fiancee.
@Pukwudgie @PBandJenelley_1 @AllAboutTheTea_ LOL, she's losing their mind RN. Nothing says you're over Nate like tweeting endlessly about him???? — AlloMudda AlloFadda (@keri_lowe) February 6, 2016
A few other followers cut to the heart of the matter, and busted Jenelle on a troubling pattern that is becoming more and more glaring.
@PBandJenelley_1 @AllAboutTheTea_ This is your standard MO. You get dumped, so you get revenge by RUINING THEIR LIVES with arrests. — Jess???? (@Cali_Girl090) February 6, 2016
https://twitter.com/JEsLiesxx/status/696075558174601216
One follower made an eerie prediction, a hunch based on Jenelle's disturbing history.
@wayston_ur_tyme @Mrspotsie09 @AllAboutTheTea_ @PBandJenelley_1 the honeymoon phase is over time for the choking to start and mugshots — Bri (@bribribabyxoxo1) February 6, 2016
Thanks for livening up our Saturday Jenelle! You never disappoint.
“Like” us on Facebook “Follow” us on Twitter and on Instagram
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., said that the United States government doesn't have “a spending problem,” a position President Obama has reportedly taken in private but avoided saying in public.
“We have to make a judgment about what — how do we get growth with jobs?” Pelosi said on Fox News Sunday. “That's where the revenue comes from . . . So, it isn't as much a spending problem as it is a priority [problem], and that is what the budget is, setting priorities.”
House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, said in an interview with The Wall Street Journal that President Obama told them “We don't have a spending problem” during one of their fiscal cliff negotiations.
Obama's spokesperson impugned the integrity of reporters who put much stock in Boehner's anecdote. “I'm not sure what rhetorical game you're trying to engage in,” White House Press Secretary Jay Carney replied to a reporter who asked if Obama made that comment. “I mean, what is true is that we have a health care spending problem. That's why the President addressed it in the Affordable Care Act. That's why he's addressed it in the proposals he's put forward, and they have addressed it in discretionary spending cuts and they have put forward more spending cuts. There are spending cuts in their proposal before the Speaker of the House.”
Carney concluded that answer by saying, “you can take that and make it mean something else but that would not be honest.”
Pelosi truly believes that rumors of a “spending problem” are exaggerated. “It is almost a false wrong to say we have a spending problem,” they reiterated to Fox News' Chris Wallace. “We have a deficit problem that we have to address. Right now, we have low interest on the national debt and it's a good time for us to act to lower the deficit.”
They said that the budget needs to raise taxes and increase government spending. “We are here to have a budget that has revenue coming in, that has investments made, into the future,” Pelosi explained. “We also want to make decisions in those two areas where growth with jobs are created, because more jobs, more revenue coming in. Nothing brings more money to the Treasury of the United States, than investment in education of the American people.”
TORONTO – Just when you thought Toronto FC's injury woes were finally over.
The Major League Soccer club confirmed on Monday morning that Sebastian Giovinco, their top scorer and the reigning league MVP, has been diagnosed with strains in their quadriceps and adductor. The Italian forward is expected to be out of the lineup for four weeks.
Giovinco's injuries occurred in the second half of Saturday's match, a 1-0 loss at home to the Montreal Impact. They were subbed out in the 67th minute and left the pitch with the help of TFC's medical staff as they returned to the locker room.
There's more bad injury news for Toronto, too. Midfielder Jay Chapman will be sidelined for three weeks due to an MCL tear. Defender and fellow Canadian Ashtone Morgan will undergo surgery on Friday for a stress fracture in their foot.  They are expected to miss six to eight weeks of action.
The loss of Giovinco is a bit of a blow for a TFC side that currently sits in first place in the Eastern Conference and has aspirations of finishing first overall in MLS. Toronto trails FC Dallas for top spot in MLS by five points with seven games left on the schedule.
The Italian is enjoying another MVP-type season, with 16 goals (tied for the MLS lead) and 13 assists (second in MLS) in 26 games for the Reds. Remarkably, they have been directly involved in 74 per cent of TFC's 39 goals in MLS this campaign.
If Giovinco is out for a full month he'll end up missing the Reds' next three matches before returning for the final four games of the regular season, starting with Sept. 28 home contest against Orlando City.
The absences of Giovinco, Chapman (who has really come on in their second year with TFC) and Morgan comes on the heels of a major injury crisis for Toronto in which it played the majority of the summer without four key starters: captain Michael Bradley, fellow midfielder Will Johnson, forward Jozy Altidore and goalkeeper Clint Irwin. Three of the four have come back in recent weeks, with Irwin expected to make their return in TFC's next game, a Sept. 10 road contest against the Chicago Fire.
With Giovinco unavailable, look for coach Greg Vanney to rely on Altidore, as well as Canadians Tosaint Ricketts and Jordan Hamilton.
On the surface, Giovinco's absence would appear to be catastrophic for Toronto. There's no doubting the Italian's influence, and how much they mean to the team.
But this doesn't mark the end of TFC's season. Barring a major collapse, they will still quite comfortably qualify for the playoffs, and with Altidore in fine form—he has five goals and an assist in their last seven games—the Reds should be able to make due without Giovinco for the time being.
Chapman's injury occurred during the first half of last Wednesday's match at Orlando. The young Canadian has made 19 appearances in all competitions this season, with two assists. They earned public praise from Vanney for their solid and composed play in the centre of midfield during Toronto's recent injury problems.
Morgan's most recent appearance came as a second half substitute on Aug. 14 against the Houston Dynamo. This season, they have been limited to nine appearances in all competitions.
Sportsnet's Soccer Central podcast (featuring James Sharman, Thomas Dobby, Brendan Dunlop and John Molinaro) takes an in-depth look at the beautiful game and offers timely and thoughtful analysis on the sport's biggest issues.
Listen now | iTunes | Podcatchers
Update: Facebook has disabled this application
Your app is replicating core Facebook functionality.
Facebook Graph Search has given the Graph Database community a simpler way to explain what it is we do and why it matters. I wanted to drive the point home by building a proof of concept of how you could do this with Neo4j. However, I don't have six months or much experience with NLP (natural language processing). What I do have is Cypher. Cypher is Neo4j's graph language and it makes it easy to express what we are looking for in the graph. I needed a way to take “natural language” and create Cypher from it. This was going to be a problem.
Some people, when confronted with a problem, think “I know, I'll use regular expressions.” Now they have two problems.
It's an old programmer joke, but that is what came to mind. Some kind of fuzzy regular expressions. In the IPhone world, we usually hear people say “There's an App for that”. In Ruby world, we go with “there's a Gem for that”… so I asked google for some help and came upon Semr.
Semr is the gateway drug framework to supporting natural language processing in your application. It's goal is to follow the 80/20 rule where 80% of what you want to express in a DSL is possible in familiar way to how developers normally solve solutions. (Note: There are other more flexible solutions but also come with a higher learing curve, i.e. like treetop)
Awesome, a ray of light to solve my problem… but the Gem is 4 years old. I could not get it to install. Bummer… Wait what was that about Treetop?
Treetop is a language for describing languages. Combining the elegance of Ruby with cutting-edge parsing expression grammars, it helps you analyze syntax with revolutionary ease.
Score! Now I had no idea how to write a proper language grammar, but that's never stopped anyone before. Someone who has more than a couple hours of experience with Treetop is going to laugh at this but I'll show you part of what I did:
rule friends "friends" <Friends> end rule likes "who like" <Likes> end rule likeand likes space thing space "and" space thing <LikeAnd> end rule thing [a-zA-Z0-9]+ <Thing> end
I am creating some rules for things, and the likes relationship, and also the idea of “likes this and that”.
The “natural language” is run by these rules and a syntax tree is generated with the matching rules. These are then turned into hashes representing pieces of cypher. Looking at the code above and below you can see how “friends who like Neo4j” gets parsed into Friends, Likes, Thing.
class Friends < Treetop::Runtime::SyntaxNode def to_cypher return {:start => "me = node({me})", :match => "me -[:friends]-> people", :return => "people", :params => {"me" => nil }} end end class Likes < Treetop::Runtime::SyntaxNode def to_cypher return {:match => "people -[:likes]-> thing"} end end class Thing < Treetop::Runtime::SyntaxNode def to_cypher return {:start => "thing = node:things({thing})", :params => {"thing" => "name: " + self.text_value } } end end
Then these hashes are combined and turned into a proper Cypher string:
class Expression < Treetop::Runtime::SyntaxNode def to_cypher cypher_hash = self.elements[0].to_cypher cypher_string = "" cypher_string << "START " + cypher_hash[:start].uniq.join(", ") cypher_string << " MATCH " + cypher_hash[:match].uniq.join(", ") unless cypher_hash[:match].empty? cypher_string << " RETURN DISTINCT " + cypher_hash[:return].uniq.join(", ") params = cypher_hash[:params].empty? ? {} : cypher_hash[:params].uniq.inject {|a,h| a.merge(h)} return [cypher_string, params].compact end end
Finally I built a Sinatra web application that imports your data from Facebook and a search page so you can try this out for yourself. As always, the code is available on Github, and hosted on Heroku.
While reproducing a “kinda” Facebook Graph Search is interesting, what would be more interesting is seeing other people use this idea on their own data. If you would like to know more about this proof of concept, contact me or come to the Neo4j Meetups in Virginia (Feb 26th) or in Boston (Feb 28th) or in Chicago (TBD) and somewhere near you.
Beth Macdonell, CTV Winnipeg
Religious life doesn't have the following it once had and now a hand-made cheese crafted by a Manitoba monk may be travelling down a similar path.
80-year old Brother Alberic said they are the last monk in North America making a particular type of cheese through an ancient method.
A monk since the age of 16, they have been making the cheese for 60 years.
They said they doubt there will be anyone to take their place after he's gone and then the only place to find the cheese will be in France.
'Trappist cheese' originated in 12th-century France.
The recipe was passed down to monks in Manitoba from monks in Quebec who arrived in the province in 1892.
The cheese is made at the Notre-Dame –des-Prairie Monastery located south of Holland on Highway 34.
“The taste is not a strong cheese, but is not a mild cheese. is a tasty cheese,” said Brother Alberic from the cellar where the cheese ripens.
“That's why lots of cheese you buy in the market, they are pasteurized, They don't taste anything."
Once prepared, the bricks must ripen underground, and must be washed in a brine every day for two months, before the cheese is ready to eat.
Brother Alberic has no helper, and no cheesemaker in training.
"Anybody that suffers from claustrophobia cannot work here,” they said.
“It's a boring life, dim, just wash this for hours and hours, the head turns with cheese.”
Despite what people might believe, the recipe isn't a secret.
"No, no, no. I gave instructions to 2 or 3 already they want to learn how to make it, but nobody wants to wash the cheese." said Brother Alberic.
They said the real secret is in the way the cheesemaker observes the cheese as it ripens – to see if it needs more brine or less.
Trappist Cheese is sold in Winnipeg at Fenton's Gourmet Foods, Deluca's, Piazza De Nardi, and the Trappist Monastery on Highway 34, south of Holland.
LEMONT, Ill. – At the suburban Chicago laboratory, a group of scientists has seemingly defied the laws of physics and found a way to apply pressure to make a material expand instead of compress/contract.
“It's like squeezing a stone and forming a giant sponge,” said Karena Chapman, a chemist at the U.S. Department of Energy laboratory. ​“Materials are supposed to become denser and more compact under pressure. We are seeing the exact opposite. The pressure-treated material has half the density of the original state. This is counterintuitive to the laws of physics.”
Because this behavior seems impossible, Chapman and their colleagues spent several years testing and retesting the material until they believed the unbelievable and understood how the impossible could be possible. For every experiment, they got the same mind-bending results.
“The bonds in the material completely rearrange,” Chapman said. ​“This just blows my mind.”
This discovery will do more than rewrite the science text books; it could double the variety of porous framework materials available for manufacturing, health care and environmental sustainability.
Scientists use these framework materials, which have sponge-like holes in their structure, to trap, store and filter materials. The shape of the sponge-like holes makes them selectable for specific molecules, allowing their use as water filters, chemical sensors and compressible storage for carbon dioxide sequestration of hydrogen fuel cells. By tailoring release rates, scientists can adapt these frameworks to deliver drugs and initiate chemical reactions for the production of everything from plastics to foods.
“This could not only open up new materials to being porous, but it could also give us access to new structures for selectability and new release rates,” said Peter Chupas, an Argonne chemist who helped discover the new materials.
The team published the details of their work in the May 22 issue of the Journal of the American Chemical Society in an article titled ​“Exploiting High Pressures to Generate Porosity, Polymorphism, And Lattice Expansion in the Nonporous Molecular Framework Zn(CN) 2 .”
“ It's like squeezing a stone and forming a giant sponge,” said Argonne chemist Karena Chapman. ​ “ Materials are supposed to become denser and more compact under pressure. We are seeing the exact opposite.”
The scientists put zinc cyanide, a material used in electroplating, in a diamond-anvil cell at the Advanced Photon Source (APS) at Argonne and applied high pressures of 0.9 to 1.8 gigapascals, or about 9,000 to 18,000 times the pressure of the atmosphere at sea level. This high pressure is within the range affordably reproducible by industry for bulk storage systems. By using different fluids around the material as it was squeezed, the scientists were able to create five new phases of material, two of which retained their new porous ability at normal pressure.
The type of fluid used determined the shape of the sponge-like pores. This is the first time that hydrostatic pressure has been able to make dense materials with interpenetrated atomic frameworks into novel porous materials. Several series of in situ high-pressure X-ray powder diffraction experiments were performed at the 1-BM, 11-ID-B, and 17-BM beamlines of the APS to study the material transitions.
“By applying pressure, we were able to transform a normally dense, nonporous material into a range of new porous materials that can hold twice as much stuff,” Chapman said. ​“This counterintuitive discovery will likely double the amount of available porous framework materials, which will greatly expand their use in pharmaceutical delivery, sequestration, material separation and catalysis.” The scientists will continue to test the new technique on other materials. The research is funded by the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science.
The Advanced Photon Source at Argonne National Laboratory is one of five national synchrotron radiation light sources supported by the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science to carry out applied and basic research to understand, predict, and ultimately control matter and energy at the electronic, atomic, and molecular levels, provide the foundations for new energy technologies, and support DOE missions in energy, environment, and national security. To learn more about the Office of Science X-ray user facilities, visit the Office of Science website.
Argonne National Laboratory seeks solutions to pressing national problems in science and technology. The nation's first national laboratory, Argonne conducts leading-edge basic and applied scientific research in virtually every scientific discipline. Argonne researchers work closely with researchers from hundreds of companies, universities, and federal, state and municipal agencies to help them solve their specific problems, advance America's scientific leadership and prepare the nation for a better future. With employees from more than 60 nations, Argonne is managed by UChicago Argonne, LLC for the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science.
SALEM, Ore. - When you renew a professional license or pay a government fee, you're more likely these days to do it online. Now, the state of Oregon is banking on your willingness to pay extra for that convenience.
The state is getting ready to shift to a new model of funding many of its online services. But it's not clear yet who will pay the new fees, or how much they'll cost.
Oregon pays a high-tech company more than $2.5 million a year to run the state's website. But Oregon is switching to a different company, and the state won't pay it one dime.
Who will? You will. That is, if you conduct business with the state online.
You can see an example of this in a place you might not expect to find in a story about technology: Silver Falls State Park, in the Cascade foothills east of Salem. The falls are a bit low at this time of year, but the campground is still fairly full.
Like most people here, Kristen Swafford of Forest Grove made a reservation for their family.
“We did that a while ago to make sure that we got a spot,” they said.
Swafford made their reservation online. And they paid an $8 fee for the privilege of having a reserved spot. That's above and beyond the actual cost of the campsite. They say she's okay with the fee, but not all campers are.
“It's already $24 to $28 a night, depending on where you go,” says Allen Shive, who brought their RV here from Canby. “So another $8 on top of that, it's kind of… I don't even know why they do it.”
They do it because that's what the contract calls for. The Oregon state park system has a deal with a California-based company called Active Networks to run the online reservation system. Of that $8 reservation fee, the state keeps $2 and the company gets the other $6.
In a nutshell, that's the model the state is moving toward for many other online transactions.
“Most of the transactions will have no fee whatsoever,” says Wally Rogers, the E-government manager for the state of Oregon. But as many as 30 percent will, they say.
He's overseeing the transition from the old contract — which saw the state shelling out millions of dollars a year to Hewlett-Packard — to the new contract. It will cost the state nothing.
The company that got the contract is called NIC, which runs so-called e-government portals in about two dozen other states. The Kansas-based NIC employs what Rogers calls “the self-funding model.”
That means the company makes its money entirely from convenience charges levied on online transactions. Rogers says that model means NIC has the incentive to make all aspects of the state's web portal better, not just the ones that generate income.
“Because the more traffic that comes online, the more likely then they're also to say ‘Oh, I want to renew my license here and I know I can do it online and it works real well and I like this site,'” they say.
So if you live in Oregon, you might be wondering, what does this mean to me? Well, it's not really clear yet.
NIC spokesperson Angela Skinner declined to reveal what fees the company hopes to charge in Oregon. They cited ongoing negotiations with the state.
I then asked them about the fees NIC charges in Idaho, which has contracted with NIC for more than a decade for professional license renewals and other items. The state of Idaho doesn't maintain a central list of what convenience fees NIC charges, and Skinner wouldn't reveal those, either.
But Bill Farnesworth who works for Idaho's Chief Information Officer says the deal with NIC allows the state to offer online services it couldn't otherwise afford.
“We've been doing this for quite a while with them, and it's been really, as far as I'm concerned and the state I think is concerned, really successful,” they say. “We definitely couldn't have the budget to do all this stuff up front.”
In Oregon, like in Idaho, the state will technically get the final say on what kinds of convenience fees will be charged. And while Oregon officials haven't yet settled on those fees, a list circulated to members of an advisory panel includes more than 100 possible types of transactions that NIC has dubbed “revenue generating applications.”
This list includes everything from business license renewals to charging funeral homes a convenience fee to register a death online. But state officials say the bulk of online convenience fees will come from sales of DMV records.
Alex Hageli is with the insurance industry trade group Property Casualty Insurers Association.
“We don't have a problem with companies making money or profit or whatever,” Hageli says.
But they say the fees NIC has levied in other states adds up to millions of extra dollars a year that insurers pay for public records.
“Yeah, it's free to the state, but these costs will be eventually passed on to consumers in the form of higher insurance costs,” Hageli says.
And it's not just large insurance companies that would pay more in convenience fees, says Oregon Republican state representative Kim Thatcher.
“I know that there are a lot of small businesses that also use these records and their cost would be going up substantially,” they say. “And that would be a burden on them of course and increase their cost of doing business.”
The new contract with NIC is set to take effect in July of next year.
On the Web:
NIC website:
http://www.egov.com/Pages/default.aspx
Oregon E-government Portal Advisory Board:
http://www.oregon.gov/EPAB/index.shtml
Sample list of e-government services developed by NIC:
http://data.oregon.gov/views/arrt-f5ji/files/Myw1CJQ2wJkOM0yGsGHPRfWqva4rRDwwUcgzA01B0HU?filename=AttachmentA-Sample%20List%20of%20eGovernment%20Services%20Developed%20by%20NICNov2010.pdf&content_type=application/pdf%3B%20charset%3Dbinary
Copyright 2011 Northwest News Network
Copyright 2012 N3. To see more, visit http://www.nwnewsnetwork.org/
For over a decade, the State Department gave 69% of its funding for Afghanistan to a single company—a company with a particularly checkered history.
DynCorp, one of the largest corporations working in the government's army of private contractors, has long been known for corruption scandals and a questionable performance record. But none of that seems to have discouraged the U.S. government from awarding the company new contracts.
The State Department paid nearly $4 billion for projects to aid in Afghan reconstruction from 2002 to 2013. $2.5 billion of that went to DynCorp—69% of all the money awarded by the State Department over almost the entire duration of the war.
The figures on DynCorp's earnings come from a report by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan (SIGAR), an auditing agency created by Congress to provide oversight on government spending in Afghanistan.
According to the SIGAR report, 89% of State Department funding, $3.5 billion, went to supporting large, so-called "rule-of-law" projects, like training and equipping the Afghan police force. And that was DynCorp's primary focus in Afghanistan, too—although the firm also handled jobs like providing bodyguards for Afghanistan's president, Hamid Karzai.
“Dyncorp contracts dealt principally with training and equipping the Afghan National Police and counternarcotics forces. DynCorp contracts included police trainers, construction of police infrastructure, and fielding police equipment and vehicles,” the SIGAR report states.
The list of DynCorp's job responsibilities, particularly in counter-narcotics and training the Afghan police force, gives a short rundown of some of the most difficult problems for the U.S. mission in Afghanistan. But for all the billions the company has received to resolve these problems, there has been precious little progress. In the case of narcotics, it's actually gotten worse in recent years, with opium production reaching record highs in 2013.
It might raise alarms that so much of the State Department's budget was funneled directly into one entity. But DynCorp—which is owned by Cerberus Capital Management LP, a private equity firm based in New York—is used to relying on federal cash. With more than 96% of the company's $3 billion in revenue coming from government contracts, DynCorp is basically a private subsidiary of Uncle Sam.
By itself, that might not be so bad; there are plenty of private companies that bring in public funds. The real problem with DynCorp is the company's well-documented history of corruption investigations and subpar performance.
In July 2009, Forbes wrote that “Dyncorp has emerged as one of the big winners of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, which now generate 53% of Dyncorp's $3.1 billion of annual revenue.” Not long after, the “big winner” was called out in 2010 by the inspector general for Iraq for being unable, along with the State Department, to account for $1 billion spent training the Iraqi police force.
In 2011, the company was hit even harder in a joint report from Department of State and Department of Defense inspector generals citing failures that “placed the overall mission at risk by not providing the mentoring essential for developing the Afghan Government and Police Force.”
And that's not even mentioning the allegations that DynCorp employees procured child prostitutes to entertain Afghan officials. It's a claim that the company and State Department have both denied, but was serious enough to prompt worried emails from an Afghan politician asking that the story be kept secret.
The child prostitution story first publicly emerged through a diplomatic cable revealed by Wikileaks. The document describes “a May 2009 meeting” in which “interior minister Hanif Atmar expresse[d] deep concerns that lives could be in danger if news leaked that foreign police trainers working for US commercial contractor DynCorp hired ‘dancing boys' to perform for them.”
The “dancing boys” story went away without causing too many problems for DynCorp. But it wasn't the first time the company had been implicated in a sexual abuse case; an earlier incident inspired the Hollywood movie “The Whistleblower.” In that incident, a group of DynCorp employees working as peacekeepers in Bosnia were accused of sex trafficking by a colleague. The whistleblower, Kathryn Bolkovac, was fired by DynCorp after coming forward to them with their report. They then successfully sued the company in British court. Another DynCorp employee who worked in the Balkans during the same period as Bolkovac filed a separate lawsuit against the company. In their suit Ben Johnston claimed they “witnessed coworkers and supervisors literally buying and selling women for their own personal enjoyment, and employees would brag about the various ages and talents of the individual slaves they had purchased.”
More recently, in 2013, Dyncorp was found to have done a subpar job on a construction project for the Afghan National Army in Kunduz province. The company and the American government eventually reached an agreement after being investigated for the botched job in Afghanistan—an agreement that saw Dyncorp receive nearly $70 million despite the shoddy work. The head of SIGAR, John Sopko, said of the outcome: “That wasn't a settlement, it was a mugging.”
Whether America ought to be outsourcing its foreign policy to for-profit corporations is an issue that has been debated elsewhere—probably not enough, but we won't get into it here. The immediate question is how a company with so many bad marks on its record keeps getting bigger and bigger slices of the federal pie. DynCorp has emerged as one of the only big winners in Afghanistan.
87% of all contracts awarded by the State Department in Afghanistan went to only five companies, with DynCorp being the biggest of the five. The remaining 13% of contracts were split between another 766 recipients, who received on average less than a million dollars each—a relative pittance compared to the payout the top five received. That's the kind of structure—with the vast bulk of contracts going to a small group of insider corporations—that can create accountability problems. When the same small group of big companies keeps getting the big contracts, it can threaten the competitive advantage that's one of the rationales behind contracting out government work in the first place.
In Dyncorp's case, performance and accountability seem to have been no obstacle to keeping the work and paychecks flowing from the government.
If this is the point in the story where you're shaking your head at the strangeness and impenetrable stupidity of it all, this is the point where I tell you:
Forget it, Jake. It's Afghanistan.
State officials say Hurricane Irma caused more than $2.5 billion in damage to Florida's agricultural community.
Irma dealt Florida's iconic orange crop the most devastating blow causing more than $760 million in damage. Beef cattle and dairy were next with $237 million and nearly $12 million respectively.
The preliminary assessment was released Wednesday by Florida Commissioner of Agriculture Adam Putnam.
The powerful hurricane damaged nearly all the citrus fruit in some Southwest Florida groves and seriously damaging groves in Central Florida. Growers talked of trees standing in 3 feet (.9 meters) of water, which is a death sentence for a crop already under a decade-long siege by citrus greening disease. Much of the fruit was young, and it's too late in the season for a new crop.
The sugar industry saw about $382 million in damage.
A new study suggests that Canadians have more confidence in the police than in other big institutions such as the school system, the banks, the courts, the media and the federal government.
According to the Statistics Canada survey, no other city in Canada has more confidence in its police service than Ottawa, where residents were more likely to report that officers were approachable, prompt, fair and informative. A whopping 81 per cent of Ottawa residents expressed some or a great deal of confidence in the police.
“Among the census metropolitan areas, residents of Ottawa were more likely to state their local police were doing a good job,” concluded the study, Public Confidence in Canadian Institutions, released Monday.
The study shows that more than three-quarters (76 per cent) of Canadians expressed confidence in the police during the 2013 General Social Survey, a Statistics Canada program designed to gather data on social trends in this country.
Respondents expressed considerably more confidence in the police than in the school system (61 per cent), the banks (59 per cent) and the courts (57 per cent).
Canadians had even less confidence in the media (40 per cent), the federal Parliament (38 per cent) and major corporations (30 per cent).
The General Social Survey, administered both by telephone and Internet, was completed by 27,695 Canadians during 2013. Respondents were asked to rate their level of confidence in each institution on a scale of one to five with five representing a great deal of confidence and one representing no confidence.
It was the first time that Statistics Canada has tried to understand how Canadians perceive the relative merits of their major institutions.
“Looking at the level of public confidence in an institution is an interesting way to get at how people feel these institutions are performing,” said Statistics Canada analyst Adam Cotter. “Whether or not they're carrying our their mandate, whether or not they perceive them to be legitimate.”
The survey does not point to a crisis since fewer than one in 10 Canadians said they had “no confidence” in the federal government or in major corporations, the country's most poorly rated institutions.
The survey contained some interesting factoids. Among them:
Young Canadians aged 15 to 24 were more likely than people in any other age category to express confidence in Parliament, with fully half of them endorsing its work
The media is the only institution that sees steady growth in its public confidence numbers as people age: from 34 per cent among young Canadians to 54 per cent among those 75 years and older
Confidence in institutions was high among visible minorities and recent immigrants, and much lower among aboriginal people
Those living in P.E.I. (26 per cent) and Nova Scotia (28 per cent) expressed the least confidence in the federal government; respondents from Ontario (40 per cent) and Alberta (40 per cent) expressed the most
A 2014 Statistics Canada survey further examined the public's perception of police. That survey asked respondents to assess the police in six categories: enforcing the law, protecting citizens, and being approachable, fair, prompt and informative.
Ottawa residents gave above-average marks to their police in all six categories, most notably for prompt service. The residents of western cities, particularly Winnipeg and Vancouver, tended to have lower opinions of their police forces.
Canadians' perception of the police has improved during the past decade: Police ratings gained in five of six categories between 2004 and 2014, the study shows. Aboriginal people and crime victims rated police performance lower than the average Canadian.
By the Numbers: Perceptions of police performance
73: The percentage of Canadians who believe police are approachable
81: The percentage of Ottawans who believe police are approachable
68: The percentage of Canadians who believe police treat people fairly
76: The percentage of Ottawans who believe police treat people fairly
57: The percentage of aboriginals who believe police treat people fairly
4,000,000: The number of Canadians who reported they were discriminated against during the past five years
330,000: The number of Canadians who believed they were discriminated against by police
A squash referee in Karachi had to call off a match after the father of one of the players told their son to hit their opponent with a racket.
During a match between Shahab Khan of Punjab and Mavia Hussain of PAF at the Roshan Khan Junior Squash Open, Hussain's father directed them in local language Pashto to hit their opponent with the racket. It happened during the third game when Shahab was leading the match 11-7, 11-8, 8-4.
Since the referee of the match knew the language, they warned Mavia not to follow the directions of their father, who was acting as their coach sitting close to the wall of the court. But Mavia did not listen to the referee and hit Shahab with the racket.
The referee then gave the under-13 match in favour of Shahab. “This is a very strange and unfortunate trend we have here in Pakistan. Players' coaches give them directions during the match, usually in their native languages,” said a coach present at the venue. “Sadly, nothing is being done to stop this practice and one can see this happening at every squash event in the country.”
According to the rules, no coach can advise players during the match, and if anyone is found doing so they are expelled. But in Pakistan fights between coaches are arguments with refs are commonplace.
Have you ever seen an incident like this? Let us know if you have.
The American Everyman blog has been insisting since 2013 that the Snowden Spectacle would provide cover for passing CISPA, a bill that in its many different unpassed incarnations has been the bête noire of privacy advocates for some time. While I don't agree with everything the AE blogger, Scott Creighton wrote, they are rare in making this connection and not wrong to. There is no question that the spirit and intended effects of CISPA reside in certain parts of the Freedom Act. It also creates conditions conducive to passing the real thing.
You may recall that CISPA is a bill which, in the ostensible interest of preventing and fending off cyberattacks, creates broad legal exemptions that allow the government to share “cyber threat intelligence” with private companies, and companies to share “cyber threat information” with the government. The ACLU listed these as the main reasons for its opposition to the bill:
Creates an exception to all privacy laws to allow companies to share our personal information, including internet records and the content of emails, with the government and other companies, for cybersecurity purposes; Permits our private information to be shared with any government agency, like the NSA or the Department of Defense 's Cyber Command; Fails to require the protection of Americans' personally identifiable information (PII), despite repeated statements by the private sector that it doesn't want or need to share PII; Once shared with the government, allows our information to be used for non-cybersecurity “national security” purposes – an overbroad “catch-all” phrase that can mean almost anything; Immunizes companies from criminal or civil liability, even after an egregious breach of privacy; Fails to implement adequate transparency and oversight mechanisms
Since the Freedom Act says nothing about cybersecurity, it's not obvious at first glance what could connect it to CISPA. But the overarching objection to CISPA was that cybersecurity was simply a pretext for streamlining collusion on mass surveillance between the government and the private sector generally. This is the concern encapsulated in item 4, that CISPA makes data gathered in the interest of cybersecurity available for precisely the kind of investigations covered by The Patriot Act and its successor, The Freedom Act.
The Freedom Act's signature feature, the thing we're all supposed to be thrilled about, mandates the collusion of phone companies at the very least, by making them the retainers of bulk data the NSA will theoretically, in half a years' time, no longer be allowed to capture and store under its own auspices. The operation will also require collusion of a “Booz-type contractor” that will supplant the NSA as the compiler of all the data from the disparate sources.
It's fair to see the Freedom Act's “target” for these searches as analogous to CISPA's “cybersecurity threat” in terms of how it rationalizes the going-through of private user data, and the amount of user data that can be made available without a warrant, via the nebulously defined “selector” that determines what records a query returns. If there is some constraint that selectors impose on records retrieval that CISPA's focus on a particular cybersecurity threat doesn't, it's not yet obvious.
By the very nature of the investigations covered, and the methods used therein, item 3 in the ACLUs CISPA concerns is also germane to the Freedom Act, which enables government agents to get unredacted records tens of thousands at a time. Personally identifiable information is precisely what this kind of record-searching covered by The Freedom Act is looking for.
Moving on, consider the ACLU's concerns in item 5 about the immunization of companies against sections 105 and 106 of the Freedom Act, which are the most strikingly CISPA-like elements in the bill. These sections not only immunize “a person” that cooperates in an invasion of privacy in any way from legal consequences, but also compensates them for their assistance, a la PRISM. By compensating entities willing to share private data with the government, The Freedom Act adds an extra incentive for private sector secrecy, cooperation and zeal that CISPA does not.
About similar language in CISPA, the Electronic Frontier Foundation said that the “immunity provisions would override existing privacy laws like the Wiretap Act and the Stored Communications Act.” This certainly makes sense, since immunity from lawsuits and prosecution is clearance to operate above the law. So the ACLU's objection to CISPA in item 1 above, and EFF's similar objection, must also apply to The Freedom Act.
The Freedom Act's language also seems to broaden the scope of immunity beyond CISPA's limits, by borrowing The Patriot Act's “any person” which it defines as “any individual, including any officer or employee of the Federal Government, or any group, entity, association, corporation, or foreign power.” Though it's hard to say for certain, this appears to be broader than CISPA's “protected entity, self-protected entity, cybersecurity provider, or an officer, employee, or agent of a protected entity, self-protected entity, or cybersecurity provider.” Unless I'm misreading, The Freedom Act's language immunizes any person or entity involved in the unauthorized or illegal use of private records.
CISPA also stipulates that the immunity applies to entities acting “in good faith,” a qualifier that the Patriot Act included also in its much weaker immunization language. It can't be an accident, then, that The Freedom Act's immunization language omits any mention of “good faith” entirely, and thereby closes any small openings for lawsuits or prosecution, no matter how recklessly or destructively someone's privacy has been invaded.
So far, so CISPA-like — and in some respects, actually worse — but the accuracy of the comparison is significantly, though not wholly, contingent on how The Freedom Act stacks up in terms of the “adequate transparency and oversight mechanisms” mentioned in item 5 above. CISPA is entirely separate from FISA. Rather than oversight from a rubber stamping secret court, CISPA requires the Intelligence Community's Inspector General annually to review and report on the government's handling and use of information. An amended version of CISPA added in periodic review by the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board and required senior privacy officials from government agencies to complete annual reviews evaluating effects of CISPA use on privacy.
That the proposed oversight in CISPA consists entirely of Intelligence Community officials filing annual reports and periodic review by a committee that has no authority means there is really no oversight. On paper, The Freedom Act looks much better, by requiring authorization of “selectors” for querying data by the FISA court. However, the FISA court operates in secrecy and has denied only 12 warrants out of 33,943 requests between 1979 and 2012. There is no reason to believe its approval of selectors will be less lenient, and once approved, these selectors can be used repeatedly.
The Freedom Act establishes the involvement of amicus curiae — friends of the court — who can advise the court on certain decisions. However, the use of this option, the person(s) assigned to the role, and the information to which they are privy, are entirely at the court's discretion. In other words, like the court itself, this measure establishes only the appearance of oversight. The Freedom Act also establishes new reporting requirements, but by most accounts these are so broad as to be meaningless, especially since the bill exempts the FBI from many of them.
In summary, The Freedom Act throws more transparency bones to reformers than CISPA does, but they're just bones. Hence, the ACLU's objection to CISPA on this count (item 5) applies to The Freedom Act as well.
So if The Freedom Act is really the love child of The Patriot Act and CISPA, you would expect CISPA advocates to be Freedom Act advocates too. So let's see, there's Mike Rogers who wrote CISPA and is among the best friends the NSA has in Congress. Here's their statement of support. Tech industry titans that supported CISPA, such as Google, Apple, Microsoft, Yahoo and Facebook, strongly endorsed The Freedom Act as well. Emptywheel's Marcy Wheeler, a Freedom Act critic, noted that, in its communications endorsing the bill, Google uses “modernize” where less candid proponents are using reform. They also noted that the corporate beneficiaries of The Freedom Act's immunity and payment provisions are keeping rather quiet about their impending benefits.
Unfortunately, the similarity with CISPA breaks down where opposition is concerned. Groups that adamantly opposed CISPA for reasons that, as we have seen, also apply to The Freedom Act, have swallowed the “Important First Step” Kool-Aid, and are now robotically regurgitating it or saying nothing at all. No doubt this owes at least in part to beloved public figures giving a world weary nod to the kind of Orwellian maneuver they built their reputations on excoriating. After two years of insisting that Big Brother is watching us, and vigorously applauding themselves for doing so, they can't possibly admit that things have actually gotten worse and will continue to do so.
While privacy advocates were savoring the drama of Patriot Act expiration, Rand Paul's filibuster showboating, and the Freedom Act's “important first step”, CISPA supporters were maneuvering to resuscitate the real CISPA. This time around it's called the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act, CISA (S. 754) and includes all the worst elements of its predecessor. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced on June 9 that they would attach this bill to The Defense Authorization bill now on the Senate floor. Fortunately, even supporters of the bill, such as co-author Dianne Feinstein, opposed McConnell's attempt to short circuit debate today and thwarted it. But CISPA's supporters aren't going to stop there, and the Freedom Act's formalizing and normalizing of private sector collusion in mass surveillance can only help them.
Advertisements
For years, Republicans have considered it the ultimate insult to brand Democrats the party of “identity politics.” It certainly sounds like a bad thing, until you dig into the meaning a bit.
Identity politics is a political style that focuses on the issues relevant to various groups defined by a wide variety of shared personal characteristics, including, but not limited to, race, religion, sex, gender, ethnicity, ideology, nationality, sexual orientation, gender expression, culture, shared history, medical conditions, and other of the many ways in which people differ from each other, and into which they may be classified or classify themselves. (Source)
Due to its tendency to appeal to minorities, ethnic, religious, and otherwise, it actually makes sense to me that the party would be associated more with identity and class than simply economic and policy proposals.
Maybe that is a bit of an oversimplification on my part, but even taking a policy issue, like healthcare, Democrats want to insure everyone; in order to make that point, they use examples of disabled and poor people who have slipped through the cracks of the system and are currently uninsured. Even if they do not intend to make it about a class of people, that is what ends up happening anyway.
Republicans have had more luck avoiding this label in recent decades, probably because the vast majority have been white Evangelicals. When you eliminate entire subgroups or categories of people, it's much easier to appear to not be playing into “identity politics.” However, it is my belief that they really always have. In 2008 and 2012, McCain and Romney ran on the economy and healthcare, but pundits and media view those as “disagreement over the size and scope of government rather than divisive disputes about racial identity.”
If the parties had been reversed, would they see it the same way? I seriously doubt it. In my honest opinion, anything Democrats do will be seen as more tribalistic, due to nothing other than party makeup. But in essence it was Identity based, white Evangelical identity for the majority.
All of this was upended in the 2016 election. Trump ran their campaign on blatant racial politics, a white race-inflected nationalism that appealed to working-class whites across America and even flipped some 2012 Obama voters. Despite all the talk of “economic anxiety,” Trump voters have an average income of $70,000 per year, well above the national average. So while some may have concerns, the numbers do not support that as an actual reason for their support.
The Republican play on white identity politics was furthered by voter suppression. “Because even in the wake of federal court orders striking down many of the most odious, discriminatory features of voter suppression, the GOP resisted, stalled and defied the judiciary until confusion and resignation reigned at the polls.”
The Klan and “White Nationalists” have not only supported this newly overt GOP, but also blatant flaming racists are being ushered in through the front door and given keys to the White House.
If ever Democrats worried that being accused of playing identity politics was a bad thing, let 2016 be the defining moment they can stop. This is owned by the GOP now. They have again become the exact thing they accused and loathed, and they cannot pretend any more they have not.
Image: Hugh McGregor
New research has shown feral cats cover over 99.8 per cent of Australia's land area. By comparison, 85.1 per cent of Australia has internet access.
That's a lot of feral cats, and they are causing huge problems for our wildlife.
40 of Australia's top environmental scientists brought together evidence from almost 100 studies in this latest research.
"Australia's total feral cat population fluctuates between 2.1 million when times are lean, up to 6.3 million when widespread rain results in plenty of available prey," said Dr Sarah Legge from The University of Queensland.
The scientists also looked at why some areas are more densely populated - such as small islands - and revealed cat densities are the same both inside and outside conservation reserves, such as National Parks. Declaring protected areas alone is clearly not enough to safeguard our native wildlife.
"At the moment feral cats are undermining the efforts of conservation managers and threatened species recovery teams across Australia," says Dr Legge.
Dr Legge says it is pushing conservation managers into "expensive, last resort conservation options", such as fenced areas and establishing populations on predator-free islands. These projects are essential for preventing extinctions, Dr Legge says - but they are not enough.
"They protect only a tiny fraction of Australia's land area, leaving feral cats to wreak havoc over the remaining 99.8 per cent of the country."
Mr Gregory Andrews, Australia's Threatened Species Commissioner, says Australia is the only continent on Earth other than Antarctica where the animals evolved without cats, which is a reason our wildlife is so vulnerable to them.
"This science reaffirms the importance of the ambitious targets to cull feral cats that I am implementing with the support of Minister Frydenberg under the Threatened Species Strategy," said Mr Andrews.
We also need to address the issue of feral cats living in heavily urbanised areas, According to Dr Legge, where their densities can be 30 times greater than in natural environments.
"As well as preying on the threatened species that occur in and near urban areas, these urban feral cats may provide a source of feral cats to bushland areas."
The research was funded by the Threatened Species Recovery Hub of the Australian Government's National Environmental Science Programme.
CLOSE Attorney General Jeff Sessions is sticking with President Donald Trump's emphasis on law and order. Susana Victoria Perez (@susana_vp) has more. Buzz60
Roll back of consent decrees would kill efforts to end racial bias in police practices.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions (Photo11: Win McNamee, Getty Images)
On Monday, when Attorney General Jeff Sessions ordered a review of the previous administration's consent decrees (agreements with more than 20 police departments to change racially biased practices), they set the country back more than most probably realize. In a two-page memo, they essentially gave police permission to ignore civil rights changes and continue to target the black community. And as the most recent, brutal interactions between police and minority communities have shown, targeting all too often leads to death.
RELATED CONTENT
►POLICING THE USA:A look at race, justice, media
►VOICES:Invest in education instead of incarceration
►COLUMN:Inmate death points to longstanding racial injustices
Since the killing of Trayvon Martin, a 17-year-old who was shot on their way home from the store in Florida in 2012, Black Lives Matter and other modern-day civil rights movements have pushed for the Department of Justice to investigate police practices in cities such as Baltimore, Ferguson and Chicago. And the DOJ complied, shocking some by reporting what blacks have known about police departments for decades — that these departments were filled with entrenched racism, systemic discrimination and policing tactics that were rooted in racial bias.
Coretta Scott King, the late widow of civil rights leader Martin Luther King, warned the world about Sessions more than 20 years ago. In 1986, they penned a letter opposing Sessions' nomination for a federal judgeship. They wrote that Sessions, who has served as an attorney general in and a senator from Alabama, "used the awesome powers of their office in a shabby attempt to intimidate and frighten elderly black voters."
The same attitude of intimidation continues today.
In their Monday memo, Sessions claimed that "it is not the responsibility of the federal government to manage non-federal law enforcement agencies." This statement ignores the federal statute that gives national authority to investigate local departments suspected of being in violation of civil rights.
Former Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Vanita Gupta, right, speaks during a Baltimore news conference next to Police Commissioner Kevin Davis. (Photo11: Kim Hairston, AP)
Last month, seven Baltimore police officers were indicted, with the help of the FBI, on federal racketeering charges. Accusations against the officers ranged from filing false overtime reports to stealing money from citizens. One of the officers was also indicted on drug charges. Baltimore Police Commissioner Kevin Davis responded to the federal charges saying, "We wouldn't be under a consent decree if we didn't have issues. We have issues."
Make no mistake, in no way do the already mandated consent decrees solve the problem of policing. In fact, many of them lack the mandate to put citizens on police trial boards — a necessary move if we are to build trust between cops and communities and more objectively punish officers for infractions.
Even so, these decrees are a first step in holding law enforcement accountable and strengthening cop-community relations. Scaling back on investigations at this point will destroy the little progress that's been made, justify continued racist practices in the eyes of the most biased officers and prevent justice from being served.
It always amazes me when I talk to folks who support President Trump and they complain about how people of color make everything about race. Some Trump supporters say blacks pretend to be victims of discrimination. In just two-and-a-half months, the Trump administration's actions have proved that people of color have no need to pretend. The reality of racism during Trump's tenure (as brief as it has been) has only become more stark. The Muslim travel ban prompted Transportation Security Administration agents to detain U.S. citizens and green-card holders at airports. Immigration and Customs Enforcement raids have torn apart families and arrested tax-contributing undocumented workers, many of whom have lived in the USA for longer than I've been alive.
The Trump administration's objective is supposed to be making America great again. But the administration's tactics have, for blacks, made America deadly.
As a diverse country, we cannot afford to move backward on police reform. Trump, who bragged about their business acumen during their presidential campaign, is missing the point that they can't run a country like a corporation. Lives can't be bid on like stocks.
The progress of individuals, not dividends, is at stake. For too many of us, the "again" in Trump's slogan is a constant reminder that our lives will continue to be abused, sacrificed and marginalized. If all lives matter, then saying that black lives matter shouldn't offend. Advocating against the unjustifiable killings of unarmed black people shouldn't be a responsibility but rather an obligation by elected officials.
Kwame Rose is an activist who lives in Baltimore.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2o8HjgN
