Govdocs1 — (nearly) 1 million freely-redistributable files
In recent years a significant amount of forensic research has involved the analysis of files or file fragments. In the absence of such corpora, researchers and students who wish to work with files first need to collect files—a surprisingly difficult task if one wishes a large number of files of many types from a variety of sources. Although many files can be freely downloaded from the web, building and running a high-performance document discovery and downloading tool is not a trivial task. Once files are downloaded they need to be analyzed, characterized and curated. Finally, many corpora that might be assembled cannot be easily redistributed due to privacy or copyright concerns.
For these reasons, we have created and released a corpus of 1 million documents that are freely available for research and may be (to the best of our knowledge) freely redistributed. These documents were obtained by performing searches for words randomly chosen from the Unix dictionary, numbers randomly chosen between 1 and 1 million, and randomized combinations of the two, for documents of specified file types that resided on web servers in the .gov domain using the Yahoo an Google search engines.
Each file in the corpus is presented as a numbered file with a file extension (e.g. 0000001.jpg). The file extension is typically the file extension that was provided to us when the file was downloaded. The file extension is a suggestion—it is not part of the corpus.
We are making the corpus available in several ways:
A set of 1000 directories, with 1000 files in each directory, downloadable from our server at http://downloads.digitalcorpora.org/corpora/files/govdocs1/.
A set of 1000 ZIP files, each with 1000 files, downloadable from our server at http://downloads.digitalcorpora.org/corpora/files/govdocs1/zipfiles/.
A a tar file with 109,282 JPEG pictures from the govdocs1m corpus at http://downloads.digitalcorpora.org/corpora/files/govdocs1/files.jpeg.tar.
As a set of 10 subset “threads” (subset0.zip through subset9.zip), each one containing containing 1000 randomly chosen documents. These subsets were specifically created for to facilitate pilot studies and student research projects with the rationale that it's easier to work with 1000 files than with 1 million. Students are encouraged to use one subset for development and another subset for testing.
A contextual feature list of data from the digitalcorpora can be found at http://downloads.digitalcorpora.org/corpora/files/2012-feature-list/
Other metadata:
Note: Due to accidental over-collection involving files from the State of California, approximately 13,722 files have been removed from the original corpus of 1 million files.
Metadata
The following metadata is provided for each of the files:
The URL from which the file was downloaded.
The date and time of the download.
The search term that was used.
The search engine that provided the document.
The length and SHA1 of the file.
A Simple Dublin Core for the file.
Unfortunately, the metadata server is currently down.
Malware
Please note that the files in this corpus are verbatim copies of files downloaded from USG webservers. We are aware that some of these files contain malware in the form of JavaScript exploits and Windows malware that was sent to mailing lists (that are now present in the mailing list archives). Although this may trigger some anti-virus programs, the malware will not be removed from the files because it is legitimately part of the corpus.
A malware scan of the govdocs1 directory is now available from http://downloads.digitalcorpora.org/corpora/files/govdocs1/MetascanClientLog_201306281214.txt .
Analysis
Forensic Innovations, Inc., has kindly made available the following analysis of the corpus using its FITools product:
Citation
Please feel free to let us know if you find this corpus is useful by leaving a comment below. If you decide to use this corpus in published research, the appropriate citation is: Garfinkel, Farrell, Roussev and Dinolt, Bringing Science to Digital Forensics with Standardized Forensic Corpora, DFRWS 2009, Montreal, Canada
Ahmedabad: On Saturday evening, a 22-year-old man walked out of the Delhi airport with dreams of starting a new revolution in India, and a new headache for the Narendra Modi government.
The architect of the latest Patidar reservation — or is it anti-reservation? — movement, Hardik Patel landed in Delhi to meet representatives of the Jat and Gujjar communities, along with members of their own community, in Delhi to turn their agitation into a nationwide stir. Also on Hardik's agenda is a mammoth rally in the heart of Delhi next month.
Among Hardik' interlocutors in the national capital are members of the Patidar community from 10 Indian states. Hardik Patel claims the Patidars are spread in several corners of India — from Rajasthan in the north to Andhra Pradesh in south — they number nearly 27 crore. “The Kurmis of Bihar and their leader Nitish Kumar is ours; the Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu is also part of the Patidar family,” they say.
The Bihar CM has already supported the Patidar movement, though their stand has led to friction within the JD (U), with senior leader Sharad Yadav refusing to back the movement.
Hardik has also sent feelers to Gujjars of Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh, and leaders of Jats from Haryana, Delhi and western UP.
The Gujjars of Rajasthan, part of the OBC list, have been demanding quota benefits under a separate category of special backward classes for almost a decade. Their leader Kirori Singh Bainsla was scheduled to share the stage with Hardik in Ahmedabad, where thousands of Patidars gathered in support of their demand for OBC status, on Tuesday. Bainsla later backed out citing ill-health.
The Jats of north India have been simmering since their inclusion among OBCs — by the UPA government just before the 2013 Assembly elections — was struck down by the Supreme Court, citing their ineligibility for reservation.
Hardik's ambition is clear: They want to bring all communities fighting for reservation benefits under one umbrella and showcase their combined might in Delhi. Their plans are not limited to Gujarat and the state's Patel community, which is fighting under their leadership for either a share of the 27 percent quota set aside for OBCs or replacement of caste with socio-economic criteria, as the basis for reservation.
Hardik has given enough indications that their fight is not limited to Gujarat. At the rally in Ahmedabad on Tuesday (25 August), they spoke in Hindi, even when, as editor of the Ahmedabad edition of DNA, Shyam Parekh, points out, several members of the community don't understand the language.
The success of the Ahmedabad rally — they claim there were 18 lakh Patels in the Gujarat capital for the event — has further emboldened Hardik. They feel the Gujarat model of the movement can be replicated in other states too with help from other communities fighting reservation battles in their own regions.
As recently as a few days ago, sceptics would have smirked at Hardik's plans to launch a nationwide stir for change in the existing reservation system. Ahmedabad-based journalists say that until a few days ago, nobody had even heard of Hardik or their movement. But the young leader from a modest family of Viramgam suddenly appeared on the horizon with the support of thousands of supporters, whose numbers later swelled to nearly a million.
The Patels are known to be a clannish, closely-knit community in Gujarat. But ideological and political differences between its two major segments — Karwa and Leuva Patels — have traditionally led to some amount of intra-community friction. Hardik, however, managed to unite the Patels for their cause and iron out their differences.
Hardik claims they built the movement from the ground up by addressing dozens of rallies in Gujarat's villages and towns, before converging in Ahmedabad. The first rally, they say, was organised on 6 July with the support of 25,000 people; after that, the numbers kept growing exponentially.
But, several hidden forces may have contributed to Hardik's success. The young leader makes no efforts to hide their ideological leanings. They claim Bal Thackarey and Bhagat Singh are their heroes, and VHP leader Pravin Togadia an inspiration. Hardik's father, a Viramgam-based trader, is an ordinary member of the BJP.
Analysts, however, argue that the real force behind the movement is the RSS. A report in Gujarati daily Divya Bhaskar claims the Sangh has propped up Hardik to turn reservation into an pan-India issue. "The Sangh's objective is to initiate a debate on the caste-based reservation policy and then prepare grounds for its replacement with socio-economic criteria," the report argues.
The Shiv Sena has hailed them as Gujarat's hero. In an editorial on Friday, the party mouthpiece Saamana called them the new "king of crowds". It said that their rise has punctured claims that Gujarat was a peaceful state and the development does not augur well for the BJP. But the party has refused to back their demand for OBC status for Patidars, calling them as affluent as the Marathas of Maharashtra.
Now that Hardik has decided to step out of Gujarat, we will soon know whose their real friends and foes are.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
A veteran takes part in a rally on the now-repealed "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy on Capitol Hill. - Alex Wong/Getty Images
Listen To The Story Marketplace Embed Code <iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2015/06/08/life/some-gay-veterans-get-fewer-benefits/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe>
The Senate resumes debate on Monday on the National Defense Authorization Act after last week failing to pass an amendment that would have changed the law to ensure all married gay veterans receive the same benefits as their straight counterparts.
Currently, the law says that the Department of Veterans Affairs can only consider a veteran married if the marriage is legal in the state where that veteran lives. That means in 13 states where same-sex marriage is not legal, gay vets lose out on some benefits.
Ashley Broadway, who lives in Virginia, where same-sex marriage is legal, is the president of the American Military Partner Association, an advocacy group.
"I'm a spouse of an almost 20-year active-duty service member" who is planning to retire in a few years, Broadway says. They have two children together. And, Broadway says, they are concerned about where they will live in the future.
Broadway wants a change in the law so that wherever they move in retirement, "we would be able to have the same type of benefits that our straight counterparts [have]."
Those benefits include certain disability benefits, which are increased for married vets with children, and certain medical benefits, which are available to their family members.
The amendment that failed last week was offered by New Hampshire Sen. Jeanne Shaheen.
"If anybody ought to be treated equally, it ought to be those people who have put their lives on the line for this country," Shaheen says.
The issue could be moot if the Supreme Court rules in favor of same-sex marriage, a decision that is expected by the end of June. But if the high court's ruling is more nuanced and open to interpretation, Shaheen says a bill may be the way to address the issue.
Watch the indices! Derivatives and the Eurozone sovereign debt crisis
Anne-Laure Delatte, Julien Fouquau, Richard Portes
In retrospect, it is striking that the sovereign bond spreads of peripheral Eurozone countries surged while the economic conditions were gradually deteriorating. This column provides a new explanation for this phenomenon. It suggests that the markets in credit default swap indices have exacerbated shocks to economic fundamentals. The same change in fundamentals had a higher impact on the spread during the crisis period than it had previously.
The job of government bond analysts has been tough since the Eurozone crisis started. They've had to tell their clients a story behind every single bond spread hike since the fall of 2009. The list includes concerns over peripheral sovereigns' public finances, deterioration of the fundamentals, financial sector credit risk, and European institutional coordination failures.
In retrospect, however, it is striking that aside from Greece, the sharp rise of peripheral sovereign bond spreads and their volatility is hard to reconcile with the underlying economic fundamentals. Spreads surged suddenly, while the economic conditions were deteriorating gradually.
In Spain, for example, the public debt amounted to less than 60% of GDP even by end-2009.
The Italian primary fiscal surplus implied that if interest rates had stayed low, only modest fiscal adjustment would have been necessary to service the debt.
Even invoking a broader set of news seems insufficient to explain the sudden eruption of the crisis. Unemployment and trade deficits had been increasing gradually. Weaknesses in the banking sector also appeared only gradually after the burst of property bubbles.
Non-fundamental factors
This suggests that some non-fundamental factor exacerbated shocks to economic fundamentals of peripheral European countries. That is, the same change in a fundamental may have had a higher impact on the spread in the crisis period than it had previously.
Previous research describes two different regimes, crisis and non-crisis, with additional fundamental factors important in the crisis regime (Aizenman et al. 2011, Gerlach et al. 2010, Montfort and Renne 2012, Favero and Missale 2011). These papers usually attribute nonlinearities to the fiscal situation. They find that yield spreads have become much more sensitive to fiscal imbalances after 2008, with a deterioration of fiscal indicators generating a significant widening of the spreads after 2008. But the crisis may have other than fiscal roots. Attributing amplification dynamics only to fiscal imbalances – an exogenous driver – is questionable in the light of recent advances in the study of financial market dynamics.
There is now extensive theoretical research stressing the importance of amplification dynamics in asset pricing, including sovereign debt markets. For example, the initial drop in asset prices will be exacerbated if it triggers fire-sale liquidations driven by the deterioration of the mark-to-market portfolio value. Relatively small shocks can imply large spillover effects (Brunnermeier and Pedersen 2009).
In our new paper (Delatte et al. 2014), we draw on recent research on financial crises to explore such dynamics in the sovereign bond markets of Eurozone peripheral countries. We explicitly test three hypotheses.
First, the nexus between sovereigns and banks observed during the crisis (Gennaioli et al. 2010, Huizinga and Demirguc-Kunt 2010, Acharya and Steffen 2013) may have created a nonlinear relationship which goes both ways and features some amplification in the sovereign risk.
Second, adverse liquidity effects on Eurozone banks have been documented during the crisis, including a significant fall of interbank loans after mid-2010 (Allen and Moessner 2013).
So, we examine the effects on sovereign risk of a negative externality due to fire-sale liquidation of assets by testing whether liquidity shocks have had self-reinforcing effects on sovereign bonds.
Third, we explore the hypothesis that derivatives produce nonlinear systems (Brock et al. 2009) by investigating the effects on the sovereign price of credit default swaps (CDS), the most active credit derivative market.
Two co-authors of this paper have previously documented an adverse influence of the sovereign CDS on the underlying bond pricing when bearish investors use these instruments to express their views on the sovereign credit (Delatte et al. 2012 and Palladini and Portes 2011). But we know much less about the effects of financial sector CDS on the market's evaluation of sovereign risk. In a down-cycle, their effect on the cash market may feed back to the sovereign risk. To explore this hypothesis, we focus on synthetic CDS indices which cover default risk on various pools of corporate entities because their standardization and liquidity make them the instrument chosen by investors to express views on market segments. We test whether a rise in CDS spreads amplifies the risk of sovereigns.
We estimate equations for the sovereign spreads of five European peripheral countries: Spain, Ireland, Italy, Portugal, and Greece over the period January 2006 to September 2012. We use a panel smooth transition regression technique, which allows us to locate when the transition to a new regime began and how fast it proceeded. Our estimates confirm the feedback loop from banks to sovereigns – the deterioration of financial names' credit risk makes bond investors more risk-averse, so a shock to a fundamental is amplified when it is priced in the spread. This effect begins to operate in the autumn of 2010.
In addition, we uncover the channel through which the feedback operated, i.e. the price of two corporate CDS indices that cover financial names, i-Traxx Financials. Shocks to fundamentals are amplified when the price of financial CDS sub-indices increases. Figure 1, which plots the evolution of both financial CDS sub-indices, shows that their spreads fell from the 2009 peak to early 2010, then rose again up to autumn 2010 – the point at which the effect we identify begins to appear – and reach a second peak, significantly higher in 2012, when peripheral sovereign risk holdings of European banks put the entire Eurozone at risk.
Indeed, CDS are not only a measure of risk but also short positioning vehicles used by investors to express their views on credit. Market anecdotal evidence reports that from mid-2010, some traders have taken positions on the i-Traxx Financials to leverage their views on credit risk in the financial sector due to rising sovereign risk. As an example, ETF.com – a publication focused on financial indices – reports in June 2011: “The two indices have been closely correlated – sovereigns have bailed out banks and banks are holding government debt.” (The i-Traxx SovX Western Europe includes the 15 most liquid sovereign CDS contracts.)
The up-front principal in buying CDS indices is small or zero. These instruments create high leverage. We conjecture that the large amplification effects detected by our estimates result from the high leverage on CDS indices and their late introduction into the market. In the context of the subprime crisis, Geanakoplos (2010) stresses that the late introduction of standardized CDS contracts into the mortgage market in 2005 precipitated its downturn, because the derivatives allowed the pessimists to leverage their credit views. Similarly, standardized CDS contracts on European corporate names were introduced in 2004 when the Europe i-Traxx index was launched. One consequence was that bearish investors had an opportunity to leverage after the market reached a peak, which magnified the depression of financial name prices in the context of the feedback loop between banks and sovereigns.
The International Monetary Fund has sought to rebut arguments that the sovereign CDS markets, in particular ‘naked' CDS contracts, could be destabilizing (e.g. Global Financial Stability Report April 2010). Recently, the Fund took a broader look and concluded: “The empirical results presented in this chapter do not support many of the negative perceptions about sovereign CDS” (Global Financial Stability Report April 2013, Ch 2). We suggest they may have been looking in the wrong place and with inadequate tools. Theory exploring the dangerous bank-sovereign loop is supported by our results, in which financial CDS index derivatives appear to play a key role. Sovereign bond investors and regulators should monitor the credit derivative market carefully.
Figure 1. Financial i-Traxx Sub-indices
References
Acharya, V and S Steffen (2013), “The greatest carry trade ever? Understanding Eurozone bank risks”, CEPR Discussion Paper 9432.
Aizenman J, M M Hutchison, and Y Jinjarak (2011), “What is the risk of European sovereign debt default? Fiscal space, CDS spread, and market pricing of risk”, NBER Working Paper 17407.
Allen, W A and R Moessner (2013), “The liquidity consequences of the Eurozone sovereign debt crisis”, BIS Working Paper.
Brock, W A, C H Hommes, and F O O Wagner (2009), “More hedging instruments may destabilise markets”, Journal of Economic Dynamics and Control, 33: 1912–1928.
Delatte, A L, J Fouquau, and R Portes (2014), “Nonlinearities in sovereign bond pricing: the role of CDS indices”, CEPR Discussion Paper 9898, NBER Working Paper 19985, March.
Delatte, A L, M Gex, and A Lopez-Villavicencio (2012), “Has the CDS market influenced the borrowing cost of European countries during the sovereign crisis?”, Journal of International Money and Finance, 31(3).
Favero, C and A Missale (2012), “Sovereign Spreads in the euro Area. Which Prospects for a Eurobond?”, Economic Policy, 27(70): 231–273.
Geanakoplos, J (2010), “The leverage cycle”, NBER Macroeconomics Annual 2009, Volume 24, University of Chicago Press: 1–65.
Gennaioli, N, A Martin, and S Rossi (2010), “Sovereign default, domestic banks and financial institutions”, CEPR Discussion Paper 7955.
Gerlach, S, A Schulz, and G B Wolff (2010), “Banking and sovereign risk in the Eurozone”, Deutsche Bundesbank Discussion Paper 09/2010.
Huizinga, H and A Demirguc-Kunt (2010), “Are banks too big to fail or too big to save? International evidence from equity prices and CDS spreads”, European Banking Center Discussion Paper 2010-15.
Montfort, A and J P Renne, “Decomposing euro-area sovereign spreads: credit and liquidity risks”, forthcoming in the Review of Finance.
Palladini, G, and R Portes (2011), “Sovereign CDS and Bond Price Dynamics in the Eurozone”, CEPR Discussion Paper 8651.
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders supporters need to take a look at Martin O'Malley.
—
To begin, I must emphasize that I am not officially supporting the presidential campaign of Martin O'Malley, the former governor of Maryland. This article is focusing on their candidacy because there is a practical argument to be made in favor of nominating them – one that is too compelling, even alarming, to be safely ignored.
Right now the Democratic Party has a problem. There are only three candidates left in the race – former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, and O'Malley – and it is widely assumed that one of them, Sanders, is unelectable. As political scientist Monica Bauer explained in an editorial for The Huffington Post, “it seems clear to me their open dismissal of capitalism makes them pretty much unelectable in a general election, and thus a disaster for the Democratic party, if they were to nominate them for president.” This view is hardly limited to Bauer; in fact, it sums up the conventional wisdom held by the Democratic Party for pretty much as long as “socialist” has been used as epithet in this country. Although I personally feel that the stigma surrounding that term is unfounded, that doesn't alter the objective facts regarding its potency. At the very least, a detached analyst has to concede that Sanders is a very risky candidate in terms of their ability to win the general election.
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
The same thing must be said about Clinton. While they are certainly more moderate than Sanders, the former First Lady has prohibitively high unfavorability ratings in swing states like Colorado, Iowa, Virginia, Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania. “Since voters in general elections normally won't vote for a candidate they don't like or at least find trustworthy, it's imperative that a Democratic nominee hold positive favorability ratings going into Election Day,” observed columnist H. A. Goodman in The Huffington Post, who goes on to note that the combined electoral votes of the six asupervisorstioned swing states are enough to deny the presidency to any candidate who lose all of them. What's more, Clinton's numbers against their potential Republican opponents are disturbingly weak: A recent CNN/ORC survey had them losing by one point to Ben Carson and ahead of Donald Trump by only five (Sanders loses to Carson by two and beats Trump by eleven), while a Fox News Poll taken roughly the same time found them losing to Trump by five, to Carson by eleven, to Jeb Bush by four, and to Carly Fiorina by three (Sanders wasn't included in that poll).
That leaves O'Malley, who despite being a popular two-term governor has so far not been taken seriously enough to even appear in face-to-face polls against various Republicans. Examining their record, one finds a strong enough resume: As mayor of Baltimore, their innovative cost-saving measures helped the city earn its first budget surplus in years, and their overall reputation for competence led to them being considered one of America's top young big city mayors during their tenure. Upon being elected governor of Maryland, O'Malley proceeded to rack up a series of impressive progressive accomplishments, including abolishing the death penalty, raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, legalizing same-sex marriage, extending in-state tuition breaks to undocumented immigrants, and passing stricter gun control regulations despite heavy opposition from conservative Democrats as well as Republicans. This isn't to say that O'Malley is without their own weaknesses – their “zero tolerance” policies as Baltimore mayor are blamed by many activists for worsening mistreatment of racial minorities by that city's police, while their various social programs resulted in tax increases that could prove damaging if brought up in a general election. Nevertheless, as Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller put it, O'Malley was “the most effective Maryland governor since the mid-1970s,” which if nothing else earns them their right to be taken seriously next to their primary opponents.
None of this means that Democrats currently supporting Clinton or Sanders should abandon those options for O'Malley. That said, any Democrat who sincerely believes that a Republican victory next November would be disastrous for America must acknowledge that serious questions exist about both Clinton's and Sanders' electability. If they want to effectively confront these concerns, they need to do three things:
They must interrogate Clinton and Sanders as to why they believe they can win. It isn't enough for the two frontrunners to simply mouth platitudes about how their message and/or record will be strong enough to impress ordinary voters during the general election. Each one should be pressed to lay out, in a logical fashion, how they expect to win despite their potentially debilitating weaknesses. If they can't or won't do this, then their nominations would be liabilities to the party. They must start taking Martin O'Malley seriously as a presidential candidate. During the Saturday Night Live parody of the first Democratic debate, the sketch comedians included several jokes about O'Malley's political irrelevance in terms of that contest. This is a foolish attitude, if for no other reason than it cuts the party off from an alternative that clearly requires sober consideration right now. This brings me to the third lesson… Democrats must never again allow their candidate field to become this limited. At its largest, the Democratic candidate field included five options in this race – Clinton, Sanders, O'Malley, Lincoln Chaffee (former senator and governor from Rhode Island), and Jim Webb (former senator from Virginia). Even if Clinton or Sanders is nominated and subsequently elected, the mere fact that the party is in its current predicament demonstrates the danger of not having a variety of contenders in the primaries. This should be instructive.
In an ideal America, the Democratic Party wouldn't face the possibility of defeat more than a year away from the general election simply because there are only three candidates left before the race has officially started. If the party didn't find itself in that very specific situation, there would be no need for pragmatic editorials like this one. Be that as it may, Democrats cannot afford to put Trump, Carson, Cruz, or Bush in the White House simply because they'd rather not admit that their preferred choice is unable to win. Because O'Malley is in the race, there is a third option that potentially staves off the dangers posed by a Clinton or Sanders nomination.
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
In light of the dire stakes involved, it behooves us to take them seriously.
Photo: Flickr – Chesapeake Bay Program/”Governor Martin O'Malley (MD)”
I finished the cover kit from the World Of Cross Stitching magazine (Issue 199). I'm not particularly fond of the design myself but it'll make a good card for someone I'm sure.
The backstitch on this was a bitch though. I don't know if it's because it's the first time I've done any stitching in years, but the chart for this seemed to have a lot of the backstitch starting and ending in between the holes in the fabric. Now I understand that the publishers need to mass produce this stuff so the aida probably isn't the best quality but I had such a hard time stabbing the needle though any part which wasn't a proper hole. I ended up just ignoring the backstitch on the chart and going with that I thought it should be. If you compare mine with the magazine version mine has less detail in the leaves and a few other bits missed out, but I'm really not fussed to fix it, I think it looks fine as it is.
My hands are quite sore now but I guess this is something I will get used to again with more work.
My next small project is a gift for someone who's birthday is coming up so I won't be able to post pics until nearer the time, but I know how much stitchers love to look at other peoples work so I've decided to have 2 small projects as well as my large one (kittens). Oh and here is where the endless list of WIPS starts isn't it!
So along with the mystery stitch I'll be working on the cover kit that came with the Cross Stitch Card Shop magazine (Issue 88).
I got a few hours in on the kittens last night, continued to work on the basket. I think maybe 2-3 days more and I'll have something decent to show you.
Advertisements
I have a dear friend who is a breast cancer oncologist. It is hardly unusual for women to cry in their office, but one incident that they shared truly shocked me.
When my friend opened the exam room door, their patient was already crying. No, they aren't feeling ill. No, their disease was not progressing. In fact, they had come to the appointment eager to celebrate their progress. Why, then, was they crying?
When they checked in at the front desk of the office, the secretary had looked at them and blurted out, “You're bald! What happened to your beautiful hair?”
How could the secretary be so unthinkingly cruel? Obviously their hair had fallen out from chemotherapy.
That topped my list for clueless cruelty until yesterday. That's when I read Why I don't breastfeed, if you must know, by Emily Wax-Thibodeau.
Wax-Thibodeau has also battled breast cancer. They were subjected to unfathomable cruelty, not from a medical secretary, but from people who ought to know better, lactation consultants.
The truth is, I'm a breast cancer survivor, and after a double mastectomy with reconstruction, which probably saved my life, I simply wasn't able to breast-feed…
Five years after the operation that saved them life:
… We were cleared to try getting pregnant. But because chemotherapy ravages fertility and I was now 37, we found ourselves saving money and signing up for in vitro fertilization. It took two rounds of IVF to get pregnant. On Jan. 29, 2014, I gave birth to a 71 / 2 -pound baby boy who had a head full of light brown hair and whose ravenous appetite and old-man snore we instantly found mesmerizing, maybe in a way only parents could. “You never gave up,” my husband said, laughing as they watched Lincoln gulp down their first two-ounce serving of formula, which my husband fed to him. As the two of them cuddled afterward, I was in a mood that I can describe only as postpartum elation. That is, until those I jokingly call the “breast-feeding nazis” came marching in to my room.
Despite their medical history:
“You really should breast-feed,” the hospital's lactation consultants, a.k.a. “lactivists,” said. When I simply said, “I'm going to do formula,” they didn't want to leave it at that. So holding my day-old newborn on what was one of the most blissful days of my life, I had to tell the aggressive band of well-intentioned strangers my whole cancer saga.
You might think that would have shut them up. You would be wrong.
“Just try,” they advised. “Let's hope you get some milk.” “It may come out anyway, or through your armpits,” another advised later …
These are supposed health professionals. Their ignorance is astounding — mastectomy removes all breast tissue, even the tail of the breast that extends into the armpit — but their cruelty is truly mind-boggling. What's next, chiding a paraplegic to get out of that wheelchair and exercise?
But as I've written many times in the past, many lactation consultants aren't healthcare professionals. They are laypeople who had an easy time breastfeeding and enjoy feeling morally superior to other mothers. Shaming is integral to lactivism because shaming others is integral to the self-image of lactivists. All their so-called “baby friendly” initiatives — locking up formula in hospitals, mandating lectures on the benefits of breastfeeding to exhausted new mothers, abolishing well baby nurseries — aren't friendly to babies, and they certainly aren't friendly to mothers; they are friendly ONLY to lactivists.
Wax-Thibodeau almost feels relieved at having an “acceptable” reason for not breastfeeding.
As Jezebel's Tracie Egan Morrissey wrote: “What those lactivist [expletive] conveniently forget to tell people — in their ongoing campaign of castigating bottle-feeding mothers as unnatural and ignorant, masking their concern-trolling as “support” — is that breastfeeding, for many women, is an incredibly painful, almost traumatizing endeavor. It was all so miserable and I associated that misery with my new baby, whom I secretly resented.” Others literally lowered their voices to a whisper, confessing as if they had committed a crime that they supplemented breast-feeding with formula. Why did they feel they had to whisper? In many ways, it reminded me of the stigma that comes with having a C-section.
The comparison is telling. Lactivists are often natural childbirth advocates, too. And in the same way that they grossly inflate the benefits of breastfeeding, they grossly exaggerate the “risks” of C-sections.
Many years ago I read Harold Kushner's outstanding book When Bad Things Happen to Good People. Kushner offered an important insight into why people saying unspeakably cruel things to those who suffer misfortune. When confronted with someone who has suffered a tragedy, people often say “It could have been worse” but they mean “it could have been me.” In other words, many cruel remarks directed toward others are actually self-referential.
That is precisely what is going on with the shaming and blaming so beloved of lactivists and lactation consultants. Their comments, and even many of their “scientific” claims are self-referential. They reflect the need for lactivists and lactation consultants to boost their own self-esteem by criticizing others, often under the guise of “support.”
I have bad news for lactivists. In industrialized countries, the benefits of breastfeeding, while real, are trivial. Lactivists are not superior to other mothers; they are just women who chose one excellent form of infant nutrition over another excellent form of nutrition. They wield guilt, not for the benefit of babies, and certainly not for the benefit of mothers. They wield guilt for the benefit of themselves. Their cruelty comes from their self-absorption and those who are victims of that cruelty should not despair.
How you feed your baby is irrelevant. How you love your baby is what counts!
photo by Don Idio
Here at Festival Squad, we've promised to keep you completely up to date on one of our all-time favorite groups: ODESZA. Its been a wild ride for us superfans as we've patiently (or impatiently) waited for new music since the In Return Deluxe album dropped. In December at Day For Night Festival in Houston, TX the boys dropped three new tracks, and just last month the last month we were able to identify one of those three as Late Night. Late Night was an old Beaches Beaches (Clayton) song LLC. And prior to that song being released, we were blessed with Line Of Sight. Fans have been taking guesses at when the newest album would be released and what type of music would be on it.
Here at Festival Squad, we've been guessing that ODESZA's newest album will be dropped in full at Red Rocks, and would have more of a trap and chill vibe to it.
Last night, ODESZA kicked off their mini tour at the Knitting Factory in Spokane, WA and dropped what is clearly a new track and played “Line of Sight” for the first time. Are the boys practicing their newest songs live to prepare for the full album drop next Saturday and Sunday? Looks like we'll have to wait and see. Until then, enjoy what we've been able to uncover.
The magical world of #odesza #letsdance @theprettysuspect @austinstuchell @jeurick09 A post shared by Autumn Hutchinson (@awesome_aaa) on May 17, 2017 at 10:58pm PDT
LINE OF SIGHT LIVE
The spoiled, entitled attitude of America's wealthy has been dubbed “affluenza.” The pseudo-term was used for the defense of Ethan Couch, the 16-year-old Texas boy who killed four people and severely injured two others as the result of a drunken joyride that occurred last summer. Although a ridiculous idea to found a court defense, the term does prove helpful in identifying other wealthy people who suffer from the same “disease.”
Yesterday, Texas district judge Jean Boyd, who has been presiding over Couch's case, ruled out any jail time for the teen's reckless and irresponsible crimes for a second time, instead handing them probation and ordering them to go to rehab center. Boyd had made a similar ruling last year because Couch's defense was able to convince the judge that the defendant suffered from a psychological disorder colorfully named “affluenza.”
The psychologist who testified on behalf of the defense said that because Couch grew up rich and affluent, they possessed no sense of consequence, an effect of a “troubled upbringing in a wealthy family.” Essentially, according to the defense, Couch should be absolved of their actions because they didn't know any better due to theirs being rich.
Couch should have been given the 20 years incarceration as demanded by the prosecution, but their family's money saved him. Affluenza is definitely not a psychological condition, however, it's safe to say that affluenza could be a correct way to label and identify the toxic attitudes of entitlement and invincibility often exuded by the mega-rich.
Billionaire chairperson of Equity Group Investments Sam Zell greatly exuded the one percent's self-victimization, and with the advent of the Occupy movement, the wealthy have increasingly played the “poor little me” card.
During an interview with Bloomberg TV, Zell was asked about venture capitalist Tom Perkins' comparison of the perceived “persecution” of the one percent to the Nazi persecution of the Jews during the Third Reich. Zell agreed with Perkins' message that the one percent were being unfairly singled out and criticized.
“The quote ‘one percent' are being pummeled because it's politically convenient,” said Zell. “This country should not talk about envy of the one percent. It should talk about emulating the one percent. The one percent work harder. The one percent are much bigger factors in all forms of our society.”
Zell's statement is wrong for several reasons.
The one percent are not being “pummeled” because of agendas or political convenience. They are getting criticized and spoken out against in the context of fairness. The country is not talking about envy, but fairness and lopsided government favoritism. The 99 percent are upset because such a small minority have virtual control of the government and can operate themselves with near impunity (see plutocracy).
Wall Street committed an extensive array of crimes that nearly destroyed our economy in 2008, but not a single CEO or upper-management employee was jailed or even arrested. Agree to a monetary settlement and carry on, creating an expensive “pay-to-play” system. This system manifests affluenza on a large scale because paying a settlement is a substitute for real justice. The wealthy know they can continue their crimes because they have the cash to bail themselves out of trouble.
Zell places the one percent on a pedestal when speaking about “emulation,” saying the one percent works harder and that the one percent “are much bigger factors in all forms of . . . society” than the 99 percent. Zell, speaking for the entire one percent, shows an insane doublethink where the one percent simultaneously think of themselves as god-like idols and victims to oppression.
Self-victimization of the rich is nothing new. With the rise of the Occupy movement, the wealthy have increasingly played their “poor little me” card. They have often made comparisons between the Occupy movement and the Third Reich. But these comparisons beg the question, if the one percent are the big factors upon which most society depends, then how are they victims? The answer is that they aren't victims.
The wealthy are simply realizing that the 99 percent will not relent because the issues concerning American plutocracy, income inequality, and a general special treatment of the wealthy are important because the issues heavily shape the social, political, and economic landscape of America. So far, the current shaping has been for the worst.
Affluenza is a disease, but not one of the mind. It's a social sickness that infects the wealthy and affects the poor on a pandemic level. And like many diseases, there are distinguishable symptoms that help to provide an accurate diagnosis. Symptoms of affluenza include: god-like sense of invincibility, lack of compassion and empathy, unrealistic worldviews, dangerous feeling of entitlement, and complete disregard of consequence.
Josh is a writer and researcher with Ring of Fire. Follow them on Twitter @dnJdeli.
Once seeped in, a dark void that can crack open our hearts, pulling us into a blackness that will consume all. An eternal end. Although, there is a way to stop it from ever spreading, festering within. There is a moment when the light inside will decide to either fight back, or fade into a structurally unstable memory. We think letting go will help with the pain, the misery. However, that is what will break us beyond repair. Excepting the evil from the outside to infect our insides. Tragically, there is no coming back from it. Forevermore over.
It will not stop us. The end is not now, not yet. Remember the voice in the back of your mind that rang your soul that told you to stand up for what is right, when there is only everything that is wrong around us? That is the Light; the thing that separates us from the demons that lurk in the shadows. Our Light, the fighting angst that will not go gently into the night, will hit back with a vengeance, much, much harder than the dark ever could.
Perhaps, we evolved over time this way: allowing the wretched of the world soak in, just so we could learn how tough we really are, what we're made of, how far we are willing to go down that stormy path before we turn back and return to the passion that once fueled us. It will again, and again charge us to the end.
This, this darkness, it isn't our end. We decide what our end is, not the grueling blackness. It may seep into our bones, and leak out in a vapor that suffocates us by surprise. Let it.
When things come easy, we soften up. Staying hardened helps remind us what we went through to be here today. You are here, and now take a breath. Life is a journey, and we are all in it together. It's not over yet, not until you choose otherwise.
Advertisements
The drop date for the Deftones' hotly anticipated Koi No Yokan is fast approaching (November 13), but two new songs in as many weeks is still a surprise. Today PureVolume debuted the Sacramento alt-metalers' “Tempest,” an alternately brooding and furious grinder that takes its lyrical cues from doomsday theory. In an interview for the site, singer Chino Moreno explains that the coming apocalypse almost became the guiding concept for the entire LP.
“Koi No Yokan” is, of course, an old Native American expression about the predicted evaporation of the Seven Seas, which translates roughly to, “Fish don't choke.” We made that last part up. (The Internet says the Japanese phrase can't be translated to English, but means something short of “love at first sight.”) “Tempest” begins pensive with shimmering guitar tones and Moreno's voice slinking forward, heading toward an explosively chugging wasteland riff. The song continues to evolve and pick up intensity as it goes. Take “Tempest” for a spin below, and check out the previously leaked “Leathers” after that.
HUNTSVILLE, Alabama – Don't expect The Original Public House on South Parkway to be much like the "dark and dank" Finnegan's Pub that once operated there.
General Manager Missy Davis said they are taking a modern look at the Irish bar concept by offering high-quality Irish and southern food, a gastropub theme and large selection of craft beer, wine and cocktails.
Finnegan's, a 36-year-old Irish pub on 3310 Memorial Parkway S.W., closed last summer. The iconic Huntsville bar was owned by Canadian resident Nancy Moore, who inherited the property from their sister and Finnegan's founder, Ellen McAnelly.
The 3,500-square-foot Finnegan's building has been completely gutted and windows have been added to bring in more natural light. Davis said there were only 12 lights in the pub before Finnegan's closed – now there are 66.
"It's going to be significantly different from the old Finnegan's, which was dark and dank," they said. "The newer Irish pub concepts are much more contemporary and that's where we're going. It's going to be brighter."
Conversations about what to do with the former Finnegan's space began in November 2013 and got serious around Thanksgiving. The building, which will hold 99 people, needs insulation, sheet rock and new floors before officials can move in equipment and train employees.
An exact opening date has not been announced, but Davis feels confident The Original Public House will be ready to launch in the coming weeks. The eatery and pub will be open from 3 p.m. to midnight and employ at least 20 workers.
Head chef Sean Kane, who most recently worked at Commerce Kitchen, said the food will range from $6 to $20 in price. The restaurant will offer a variety of Irish favorites, as well as burgers, wings and typical pub fare at a lower price point, Kane said.
The Original Public House will also be gluten-free friendly and operate a special fryer to accommodate customers with gluten sensitivities.
"We're grinding our own meat, stuffing our own sausages," Kane said. "Everything we can possibly do by hand, we're going to do by hand."
Head bartender Sarah Luckie said The Original Public House will provide 12 craft beer taps, cocktails with homemade syrups and bitters, a small wine list and alcohol pairings with food.
There will be plugs and USB ports at the bar and throughout the restaurant so customers can do school or business work, charge their electronic devices, watch movies or catch up on social media. The eatery will also offer four TVs and two monitors that show where a customer's order is in line.
"This is the perfect storm of having the right people together and wanting to do something that's different," Davis said. "This is going to be a place where everybody's comfortable, from the people who normally go downtown and eat to the people who go down the street."
Send Lucy Berry an email at lberry@al.com.
This article continues a series of two previous articles on femtotechnology and femtocomputing.
Computing at the femtoscale – using elementary particles directly as computing elements – should be possible, according to physical law as we now understand it. Hugo de Garis has begun working out some of the details, and has outlined some basic relevant ideas in a recent H+ Magazine article. Obvious caveats abound here – our knowledge of physics at that scale is still dodgy and incomplete; even “mere” nanotech remains largely speculative; quantum uncertainties (and possibly even more peculiar quantum-gravity undercertainties) may make it hard to extract information from femtoscale computing systems. But still, the train of thought is a natural one, and it's compelling to explore femtocomputing conceptually and mathematically, as far as current science allows.
Indeed, this sort of thinking verges on “hi-fi sci-fi” – but then, it's well documented that a large percentage of real science and engineering ideas appeared first in science fiction!
Hugo De Garis's recent article shows, at a moderate level of technical detail, how one could carry out basic computing operations using quarks and gluons. This specific approach has potential problems with quark confinement — because quarks can never be observed in isolation, according to current physics theories. However, Hugo has subsequently pointed out (in a private communication not reflected in that article) that a similar thing could be done in other ways as well — e.g. via using the fact that a W particle can interact with a lepton (e.g. electron, muon or tauon) and convert it into a neutrino, allowing one to implement logic operations by observing whether the output is an electron or a neutrino. It seems there are many ways to extract the basic logic operations from the rich algebraic structure of particle interactions.
These are fascinating observations, but they pertain solely to a single computational operation – they don't give any clues about how one might make a complete computational system at the femtoscale. My goal in this article is to give some highly speculative — but hopefully interesting! — hints as to how this might be done.
De Garis's femto-scale logic gate involves interactions of very small particles that are difficult to localize and manipulate. It's difficult to imagine pinning a bunch of these particles down on a circuit board to make a computing circuit analogous to a contemporary laptop's motherboard! However, this is not the only computing hardware paradigm available. It seems to me that a better metaphor for designing femtocomputing systems might be DNA computing. We already know how to do simple kinds of DNA computing using special computing fabrics built using DNA nanotechnology. And DNA is not pinned down and precisely positioned like the circuitry on a laptop's motherboard – it's wet and messy and wiggly and often imprecise, though rigorous in its coding scheme. My suggestion, in this article, is that it might be possible to build a femtocomputer along lines vaguely similar to current DNA computers – and to the more powerful DNA computers that have been been envisioned in detail but not yet built.
DNA Computing via DNA Nanoengineering
DNA computing may sound like science fiction – but it's actually real science and engineering, right now in 2011. Using DNA for computing is not yet of any practical value – the computing systems built using DNA so far are very slow and carry out very simple operations. But they demonstrate the viability of the principle of engineering and operating computing systems via utilizing molecular-biology components, connected in novel ways.
DNA is, of course, a natural substance that plays a key role in biological organisms, encoding the information needed for their growth and ongoing maintenance. DNA nanotech involves using DNA and other nucleic acids to engineer novel nanostructures – including, in some cases, nanocomputers. DNA computing can be done using DNA nanotech, but it can also be done via leveraging the properties of DNA in simpler ways, without building new nanostructures out of DNA. If you're not familiar with the basics of DNA and genetics, you may want to look at a tutorial like this one (or, for a more thorough treatment, this one), before reading any further.
One of the many approaches to DNA computing is based on the engineering of tile-like structures using DNA. “Tiles” in this context are DNA-based constructs where there is very tight binding within the tile, and looser binding between tiles. This allows the building of a variety of structures via piecing the tiles together. The figure below (from this article) shows one example of this, the DX tile:
The top row of the figure shows the theoretical structure; the latter shows actual microscopic images of real DX tiles.
Most of the work with DNA tiles has involved two-dimensional tiles, but recently three-dimensional tiles have been created as well. Rothemund, Pappadakis and Winfree have shown how to use these tiles to do computing. Their work draws on prior research using DX tiles to implement Wang tiles, a method of implementing computation using graphical tilings developed in the early 1960s. The practical example that Rothemund et al have implemented is fairly simple – the computation of a simple fractal structure called the Sierpinski Gasket, shown in its mathematical form below:
The following figure gives a computer simulation of Sierpinski Gasket type formations as their DNA computing approach was foreseen to create them:
and finally, the following figure shows actual microscopic images of similar formations produced in their experiments:
The production of Sierpinski Gasket formations using DX tiles may seem quite a specialized achievement. However, the underlying method is quite general and could be used to implement any 2-dimensional cellular automaton (any set of computational rules determining what happens at one point in a 2D lattice, based on the state at neighboring positions in the lattice). And it's well known that some 2D cellular automata have universal computing power – the capability to simulate any possible computational process. (For a lengthy and erudite discourse on this point, see StephenWolfram's book A New Kind of Science.) Thus we can do universal computing using DNA – using what Rothemund et al poetically term “algorithmic crystals.”
Femtocomputing via DNA-Like Femtoengineering?
DNA lives at the nano scale, not the femto scale. However, as Jinfeng Liao and Edward Shuryak pointed out in a 2010 paper, there is reason to suspect the existence of polymer-like structures at the femto scale – for example, chains of quarks and gluons, occurring in quark-gluon plasmas when the underlying parameters have the right values. They look at chains of the form quark-gluon-…-gluon-quark, and a few other similar forms — but it seems that similar mathematics could be used to explore a variety of more complex, similar structures. Of course these are very different in their physical underpinnings than DNA sequences like AGCTTTAA…CTG — but computing theory has taught us repeatedly that the encoding of information in symbols is independent of the specific infrastructure used to create the symbols.
And so, speculatively at least, this research on polymer-like structures in quark-gluon plasmas opens the door for the possibility of something broadly similar to DNA computing at the femto scale. So far, our evidence for the existence of these polymer-like femtochains is purely indirect and mathematical – based on mathematical extrapolation from the theory of quark-gluon plasmas, which has been validated using other experiments not involving such chains. We don't have direct observation of these chains — even the simple ones explicitly explored by Liao and Shuryak, let alone more complex ones. And making direct observations of such chains is a dicey matter due to the principle of quark confinement. Isolated quarks can't be observed, according to current physics theories, though various scenarios involving observing “partially isolated” quarks are being considered in the literature. So, the use of these femtochains for femtoengineering and femtocomputing is certainly speculative. But, it's interesting!
What might an analogue of DNA computing at the femto scale look like? The first step would be to construct a femtoscale analogue of the DX tile – some sort of chain of elementary particles with complementary “sticky” ends. The precise polymer-like femtochains that Liao and Shuryak describe would not necessary display this property, but it seems feasible that similar mathematics could lead to something of this nature – either in quark-gluon plasmas or in some other kind of degenerate matter. Once we have femto DX tiles, then, we could potentially engineer these tiles to work like Wang tiles, as in the DNA computing case. This would give us the capability for executing arbitrary computable functions, in a cellular automaton like manner.
Of course, the femto analogue of a DX tile might have a significantly different geometry than DX tiles, and might rely on a different mathematics than Wang tiling. The key point is that, in the vision presented here, femtocomputing is not about building circuit boards where elementary particles are laid down in the fashion of metallic wires, but rather about engineering the formation of fundamental femtocomputing units that are designed to self-assemble into complex distributed structures, whose natural dynamic iteration carries out desired computational processes. So, one would have degenerate matter whose dynamics approximates a cellular automaton (or other similar discrete dynamical system) carrying out specified computations.
Onward and Upward!
In the style and speculativeness of these considerations, we are perhaps closer to a Greg Egan novel than to a Physical Review article. (Egan fans may recall that in their novel Diaspora, Wang tiles are used to create complex and intelligent computational structures via patterns of molecules.) I'm well aware of the amount and type of difficult mathematics that would need to be done to create rigorous theories in the direction of these hand-wavy speculations. And then there are the experimental and engineering breakthroughs that would be needed to actually build anything along these lines, even after all the theory is worked out.
It may well be that femtocomputing is a post-Singularity technology, rather than something we traditional humans carry out ourselves. Perhaps it will require powerful AGIs implemented on nanotech based quantum computers, to figure out how to build the femtocomputers on which their descendants will run – who knows!
In any case, it is interesting – and, I think, important – to scope out the boundaries of our scientific understanding, and get a concrete sense of where future technologies may lead.
A security officer removes a student who disrupted the Israeli ambassador's speech at the Irvine campus of the University of California (Photo: UprisingRadio.org)
A group of California academics have slammed the recent move by the state legislature to pass a bill on alleged anti-Semitism on campus.
The open letter, from California Scholars for Academic Freedom, blasts the resolution (HR 35) for posing “a clear threat to academic freedom in the University of California and the California State University systems,” undermining the First Amendment and conflating “criticism of Israel or its policies with anti-semitism.”
The letter was posted by the US Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel, and is signed by over 30 scholars working in California.
“The driving concern behind House Resolution 35 is not anti-semitism. Indeed, HR-35 itself is fundamentally anti-semitic because it associates and conflates with Judaism an unending list of well-documented racist policies and crimes against humanity committed by the state of Israel,” the slashing letter reads. “Far from the worthy goal of fighting real anti-semitism, this resolution was written to serve the propaganda aims of the government of Israel at the expense of constitutionally protected rights of California residents.”
The pushback on HR 35 comes about two weeks after it was easily passed, with no debate, in the California Assembly. The resolution, which was drafted with the help of the Simon Wiesenthal Center, encourages colleges to ensure that “no public resources will be allowed to be used for anti-Semitic or any intolerant agitation.” Among the examples the resolution lists as being anti-Semitic is languaging describing Israel as an apartheid state; criticizing Israel of ethnic cleansing; and the boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) movement.
After HR 35 was harshly criticized by Palestine solidarity activists and free speech advocates, Assemblywoman Bonnie Lowenthal promised that they would introduce a bill affirming free speech rights on campus. Lowenthal's statement was hailed by student activists and other advocates.
Meanwhile, a California State University (CSU) spokesperson says that the college “supported the resolution as it serves to promote tolerance and embrace diversity on campuses.”
While much of the fight over Palestine activism has focused on the University of California, the separate CSU system has also been the site of controversy. One mathematics professor, David Klein, was targeted by the AMCHA Initiative, an Israel advocacy group focusing on college campuses, for expressing support for the BDS movement on a website hosted by CSU. After a public campaign to open an investigation into Klein, the California Attorney General rejected a request to investigate Klein.
A number of CSU scholars signed the open letter blasting HR 35, and now Klein is speaking out against their university's support for the resolution.
“If implemented by the California State University system, California's Assembly House Resolution 35 would prohibit on any CSU campus criticisms of the government of Israel,” said Klein, in a statement e-mailed to Mondoweiss. “The CSU administration's support of HR-35 is not only a direct assault against academic freedom and the First Amendment, it reveals a deep-seated anti-Arab racism and antipathy toward the Palestinian people, who are the victims of Israel's ethnic cleansing and apartheid system of laws.”
Lightning bolt
After a brush with the law and a temporary hiatus from social media at the beginning of the year, Lapo Elkann is back with a red-and-white carbon-fibre bang. The latest unique creation from the eccentric Italian entrepreneur's bespoke design agency, Garage Italia Customs, the Huayra Lampo — which translates to ‘lightning' — is inspired predominantly by Fiat's 1950s Turbina concept.
The most obvious design cue is the red-and-white paintwork, which boasts a smattering of lightning bolt logos in the colours of the Italian tricolour. The paint is also transparent, showing off the beautifully crafted (and aluminium-injected) carbon-fibre bodywork — itself the recipient of some special aerodynamic upgrades, namely from the more extreme Huayra BC. In the cabin, there's a funky hand-braided leather interior, crafted by an artisan in Turin, while all the exposed aluminium has been anodised in bronze. Do we want one? Absolutely. Can we have one? Absolutely not — sadly, this is a one-off creation. Write a big enough cheque to Garage Italia Customs, however, and we're sure Mr Elkann would only be too happy to oblige in helping you create the car of your wildest dreams.
Photos: Garage Italia Customs
Last Updated ago . Click "Updates" above to see the latest.
This year is the 45 years Apollo 11 Moon-landing anniversary.
What a perfect time to present you the Saturn-V rocket which took the Apollo 11 crew to the moon out of Lego!
You can find more informations about the Saturn-V rocket and the Apollo 11 mission here.
The whole Lego rocket is about 1 meter/130 studs high (aprox. 1:110 scale), has 1179 bricks and lots of features:
removable 1st rocket-stage with the main rocket engine
removable 2nd rocket-stage with rocket engine
removable 3rd rocket-stage with the Apollo spacecraft
Apollo spacecraft with the "Eagle" Lunar Lander and the Lunar Orbiter
the rescue rocket on top of the whole spacecraft
two minifigure astronauts on the Moon for displaying
Please support this project if you like it!
Also make sure to tell all your friends and share this project everywhere you can to make this become an official Lego set!
I hope you like the Lego Saturn-V!
This is a collaboration between whatsuptoday and saabfan.
This is a guest post by Ronald A. Lindsay, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Center for Inquiry.
…You know the numbers and trends as well as I do. A very conservative estimate of nontheists in the United States is ten percent of the population. Moreover, every survey shows these numbers are growing.You're also aware of the stigma that is still attached to being an atheist. All too many Americans think nonbelievers are immoral, mean-spirited, joyless individuals. For years, poll after poll has confirmed that nearly half of Americans would not vote for a person for president merely because that person is an atheist. Close to half of Americans would object to their child marrying an atheist.Stereotypes and prejudice exist for more than one reason. Some people are bigots and will remain bigots no matter what. But one reason many Americans harbor prejudice toward atheists is that they know about them only through what they have heard from their minister or priest, some right-wing politician, or perhaps some fatuous media personality such as Glenn Beck or Bill O'Reilly. Rarely have they heard from atheists themselves. Many of them remain in blissful ignorance of the fact that nonbelievers are among their friends and colleagues—or even close relatives.Why? Because too many of us are silent.Many atheists are still afraid or reluctant to have their skepticism become known. They're concerned that people will think badly of them, will shun them.This silence is its own enforcement mechanism. Atheists don't speak out because of the prejudice against them and one reason for the persistence of this prejudice is that atheists don't speak out.Fortunately, many nonreligious are no longer willing to “pass.” Finding their voice, they are letting others know that they don't believe in a god—and that they are leading happy, fulfilling lives. And, yes, they are trustworthy people who know right from wrong and act accordingly.But more of us need to shake off our complacency and come out. The political season is upon us and politician after politician is bending over backwards—or engaging in less seemly bodily contortions—to placate the Religious Right. Moreover, it's not just GOP candidates who are giving in to pressure from the religious. President Obama has not delivered on their campaign pledge to reform some key provisions of the government's faith-based funding program. (Reform? Hell, it should be abolished—but don't get me started.) Again, there's no mystery why they haven't done so. If not enough of us give a damn, why should he?The Religious Right is not bashful about exerting its influence, which is out of all proportion to its numbers. Meanwhile, too often we are off in the corner, mute and sitting on our hands.We're a minority, but not a miniscule minority, and we should stop acting like one. Our situation is not going to change unless we make it change.The Reason Rally — on the Mall in DC on March 24 — is an unprecedented opportunity to show America that we're here, to let our voices be heard loud and clear. Virtually every major secular organization in the United States is participating in this event. We occasionally have our differences (we wouldn't be freethinkers if we did not), but we're all united in this effort because we understand its importance. We can effect change, but only if we stand together.Join us in DC. End the silence.
An update pushed out on Saturday for the BitDefender anti-virus software will break 64-bit installations of Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 7. The update results in false positive detection of both Windows system files and parts of BitDefender itself. Hundreds of users have been left with non-booting systems as a result.
A new signature update has been published that resolves the problem; anyone still uses the signatures from Saturday, March 20 should disable the virus scanning module until the new signatures are installed. For affected users, however, the situation is grim; every file on the system will end up being quarantined, leaving machines unable to boot. To fix affected machines, the preferred solution is to download BitDefender's rescue CD and move the files out of quarantine. If this doesn't work, there are further instructions for BitDefender 2009 and BitDefender 2010 users that should solve the problem. BitDefender 2008, however, has no solution available yet.
Those with doubts about Bitcoin's viability have some new ammunition, after the Bitcoin Foundation fluffed a board election it tried to run using its own technology.
News of the election emerged last December and voting eventually generated the need for a run-off election to determine final winners.
That election didn't get off to a great start when email notifications about the poll didn't all land. Then the foundation had a the-medium-is-the-message moment and decided it would be an excellent idea to develop a blockchain-based voting system. Collaboration platform swarm.fund put up its hand to host that effort, with a caveat that “Should we run into any technical issues during the voting process, we will re-set and use Helios, our previous system, for voting.”
Technical issues did indeed come to pass, leading to a ”reboot” of the election and this explanation from Bitcoin Foundation director of marketing and communications Jinyoung Lee Englund:
In the wee hours of this morning, we launched the first on-blockchain voting system for our runoff elections. In the past several hours, we've received tons of feedback from our members (thanks guys!) and we hear you. This initial version is clunky, imperfect and a bit confusing. Being the first of its kind, we knew it would be. No system is perfect on its first day out. So thanks for hanging in there and for your willingness to think outside of the box with us.
The election's result was declared on Sunday, with “libertarian/voluntaryist and a big fan of decentralization. Olivier Janssens” and Cato Institute senior fellow Jim Harper winning seats. The Cato Institute is “dedicated to the principles of individual liberty, limited government, free markets and peace” meaning both the new directors of the foundation look to be a fair way to the right of politics. ®
When a deejay offered six figures for a forehead tattoo, David Jonathan Winkelman did it—and then everyone laughed at them and said it was a joke. Now they have to relive the humiliation with a mugshot gone viral.
The Smoking Gun explains the Davenport, Iowa resident's terrible predicament:
Winkelman became a human billboard for the radio station KORB in late-2000 after a disc jockey offered listeners a six-figure payout if they tattooed the FM station's call letters and logo on their forehead. Winkelman and their stepson, Richard Goddard, went to a local tattoo parlor and each emerged with forehead ink promoting "93 Rock," the "Quad City Rocker." Of course, when the men came calling for the cash, station brass explained that the offer was a practical joke, just a wacky radio stunt. Winkelman and their relative sued, claiming that the station sought to have listeners permanently marked so that they "could be publicly scorned and ridiculed for their greed and lack of common good sense."
Both complaints were eventually dismissed. KORB has since switched to an "adult contemporary" format and has changed its call letters to KQCS, or "Star 93.5: Today's Best Variety." Arrested last week for failing to appear in court over a misdemeanor charge for operating a motor vehicle without the owner's consent, Winkelman's awkward mug shot reawakened their decade-old humiliation of yore. (Not that they don't live that humiliation every single day of their life. But everything is worse on the internet, isn't it?)
Moral of the Story: If you have an embarrassing forehead tattoo, do everything in your power to stay out of legal trouble, lest your mug shot become a fleeting internet meme. Also, classic rock deejays in rural fiefdoms are the worst. [TSG]
In protest against the alleged massacre of 20 Adivasis in Chhattisgarh's Bijapur district on the night of June 28, the Revolutionary Democratic Front (RDF) has decided to organise a massive ‘dharna' at Parliament Street in New Delhi on 31 July from 11 am to 5 pm.
Releasing a poster in this connection here, RDF president, Vara Vara Rao, alleged that the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) brutally killed 20 Adivasi peasants of Sirkegudem, Kothagudem and Rajupenta in Bijapur district . They criticised the Central and state governments for their failure to take action against the officers, who were responsible for the “cold-blooded murders”.
They alleged that the state government was still continuing state-sponsored massacres like in the post-1947 India when then Union Home Minister openly defended criminal acts of paramilitary forces. They also alleged that the CRPF director general openly defended criminal activities of their forces.
Rao also demanded for a judicial inquiry to be conducted either by a sitting or a retired Supreme Court judge into the massacre. They wanted that the state government punish the police personnel and politicians including Union Home Minister P Chidambaram and Chief Minister Raman Singh. They pressed on the demanded that the Centre should stop Operation Green Hunt (a major campaign against the Naxalite movement) and withdraw military and paramilitary forces from Bastar.
They wanted the Centre to scrap all the Memorandum of Understandings (MoUs) signed with the “imperialist forces and corporate houses”. They said that a delegation will meet President Pranab Mukharjee and submit a memorandum on the Bijapur massacre seeking for a judicial probe.
Condemning the incident, Telangana Praja Front president, Akula Bhumaiah, alleged that the governments at the Centre and state, were trying to “loot minerals from the forest”. They appealed to the Supreme Court to take the Basiguda incident suo motu and order an inquiry into it.
http://www.deccanherald.com/content/267969/rdf-stage-dharna-against-bijapur.html
San Diego (Reuters) - A dynamic new lead and an epic-scale chase will be at the centre of the new “Mad Max” reboot, as Australian director George Miller reignites their explosive action thriller franchise as the fight for survival in the wasteland rages on.
“Mad Max: Fury Road,” the fourth instalment of the “Mad Max” franchise that began in 1979 with Mel Gibson in the lead role, saw a post-apocalypse dystopian Australia where police officer Max Rockatansky battles hardened criminals of the outback.
Time Warner Inc-owned Warner Bros' “Fury Road,” due in theatres next year, is set 45 years in a post-apocalyptic future, and Miller said the whole film is a “105-minute chase scene through the wasteland.”
“Everyone in the story is either a villain or a good guy; this is a very dangerous world and everyone you encounter could be out to kill you to simply to take what you have. So it's all survival,” the director told Reuters.
The film has been about 15 years in the making, and Miller said that initially they were working with Gibson, but after 9/11, the project was scrapped. By the time the director picked it up again, Gibson was past the age they wanted Max to be.
“It's not about an old Mad Max, it's about the same Mad Max,” they said.
British actor Tom Hardy picks up the mantle of Max, and Miller said they embody many of the qualities they first felt with Gibson.
“They are (both) the guys who are very lovable, and at the same time they've got their dark side, and that contrast is at the core of their charisma.”
Not much is known about the plot, but fans at San Diego's annual Comic Con were treated to exclusive footage on Saturday, which showed leading characters including Max and Nux, played by Nicholas Hoult, in action and explosion-filled clips.
Much of the first three films centred on the battle for energy resources and fuel, a conversation that was just beginning to gain traction at the time. Three decades later, Miller said, the same issues remain pertinent.
“I'm beginning to realise that's the nature of the world and humankind, and we're always fighting this kind of struggles, these tensions,” Miller said.
“In many ways, the world is getting a lot better, but there's still lots of stuff out there that could go wrong.”
Max, who becomes a lone, hardened warrior in their journey, will find themselves once again caught up in other people's journeys and problems in “Fury Road.”
Joining Hardy is actor Charlize Theron, who plays Imperator Furiosa, a character that Miller described as an “equal” to Max, and who leads a slew of female actores in the film franchise that was previously male-dominated.
“She's just a hardcore warrior with a purpose and it's really the engagement of the two that is the central conflict that helps the story unfold,” Miller said.
Rhythm Raceway is the latest Pixel Mixers album!
It is a tribute to the music from the Mario Kart games, from the 1st game “Super Mario Kart” released on SNES in 1992, to “Mario Kart 8” released on Wii U in 2014.
You can download our album for free by clicking on this picture =>
Or directly with this link: http://bit.ly/2zONrlz
This album features 23 tracks revisited by 35 musicians for more than 1 hour of free music with jazz, metal, salsa, electro, surf rock, chill, fusion and more!!!
If you feel like you need to take a listen before downloading, here is the youtube trailer of the album:
– Project Director: Hashel
– Artwork: Crust
– Album Mastering: Ro Panuganti
If you want to follow our future projects or even join them as a musician here are some nice places for you:
– Pixel Mixers Reddit https://www.reddit.com/r/VGCovers/
– Pixel Mixers Facebook https://www.facebook.com/PixelMixers/
– Pixel Mixers Twitter https://twitter.com/Pixel_Mixers
– Pixel Mixers Discord https://discord.gg/2YmK66G
And finally here is a poll to elect your favourite songs from the album: http://www.strawpoll.me/14371648
Advertisements
Two years ago, Wendy Davis fought HB2 in Texas. The bill passed, and more than half of Texas abortion clinics closed. Photo by Erich Schlegel/Getty Images
The bill that Wendy Davis fought to kill in 2013 has created a crisis of abortion care in Texas. Since April of that year, when the state legislature started debate on the bill that requires abortion providers to have hospital admitting privileges and meet the conditions of an ambulatory surgical center (ASC), more than half of abortion-providing facilities have either closed or ceased providing abortion care.
According to a study released today by the Texas Policy Evaluation Project (TxPEP) at the University of Texas, wait times for abortions have spiked as 23 of 41 abortion options disappeared across the state. The state's proportion of second-trimester abortions stands to increase as a result.
TxPEP has made monthly “mystery calls” to Texas abortion providers since HB2, the law that required facility physicians to have admitting privileges, went into effect in November 2013. The average time between an abortion-seeker's first call to the facility and the first-available consultation appointment was steady in Dallas at five days or less until June of this year, when a clinic that provided 350-500 abortions per month closed. The next month, one of the two remaining abortion providers was so swamped, it was unable to schedule any new appointments at all, and wait times jumped to as long as 20 days. Facilities in Austin and Fort Worth have had to increase their wait times, too, though waits for providers in Houston and San Antonio have remained largely stable.
According to TxPEP, “If the wait time increased to 20 days [across the state], which is not unreasonable based on the findings from our mystery calls in Dallas and Ft. Worth, the proportion of abortions performed in the second trimester would increase from 10.5% to 19.5%.”
The Supreme Court has ordered a stay on the second part of HB2, the ASC requirement, and the court may take it up this session. If the court doesn't strike it down, only 10 facilities in Texas would be able to continue providing abortions, putting almost double the demand on the state's existing clinics. If that came to pass, TxPEP estimates that the average number of abortions performed per year in each Austin facility would more than double; in Houston, it would nearly triple.
“These clinics are barely able to serve the needs of women seeking services,” the study's co-author, Daniel Grossman, told MSNBC. “So when one closes, like what happened in Dallas, we see that wait times increase. This is kind of a natural experiment for what is likely to happen if the ASC requirement goes into effect.”
Even in states where abortion providers are able to fully meet the demands of their patients, abortion is a time-sensitive endeavor. Second-trimester abortions are more expensive and carry a higher risk of medical complications than earlier ones. And in many states, an appointment is just the first step in a long, heavily legislated procedure. In Texas, an abortion-seeker must visit the abortion provider twice in more than 24 hours and listen to a doctor describe their fetus's development during an ultrasound. If they can't get into a clinic for the abortion in the first 20 weeks of their pregnancy, they can't get an abortion in Texas at all. As the Supreme Court begins its new term today, it's worth asking whether the right to choose means anything without a right to access.
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell speaks to the media before Super Bowl XLIX in Phoenix. (Lucy Nicholson/Reuters)
Last week, I relied on the word of Roger Goodell. I won't make that mistake again.
When the NFL commissioner issued their 20-page decision to uphold Tom Brady's suspension, I was asked to whip up some thoughts that might (and did) go on the front page of The Washington Post. To the extent I had a conclusion, it was that this ridiculous scandal was making everyone look bad, for no apparent reason.
When it actually came time to ding Brady for their misdeeds, though, I found them pretty slim. They seemed non-believable when they claimed they didn't know a Patriots ballboy, for example, which is hardly a crime. And the destruction of their cell phone felt sort of odd — although so does eat morning-after Taco Bell.
But among the most powerful weapons Goodell deployed was this: that Brady had suggested their frequent communications with the key Patriots equipment assistant in the days after the scandal broke concerned the preparation of Super Bowl balls and not DeflateGate, a hard-to-believe claim.
“Mr. Brady testified that they were unable to recall any specifics of those discussions and they suggested that their principal subject was preparation of game balls for the Super Bowl,” Goodell wrote.
[Tom Brady admits to nothing in appeal hearing testimony]
Goodell further argued that the huge uptick in communication between Brady and the assistant “undermines any suggestion that the communications addressed only preparation of footballs for the Super Bowl rather than the tampering allegations and their anticipated responses to inquiries about the tampering.”
Those words swayed my original piece, which was based on Goodell's report. And those words were, to be frank, hogwash.
Young thespians from the "The Theatre Lab" in Northwest Washington reenacted several exchanges from Tom Brady's appeal hearing for their suspension for their actions involving the footballs used in the 2015 AFC championship game. (Jayne W. Orenstein and Thomas Johnson/The Washington Post)
We now have the transcripts of Brady's testimony. Brady admitted that they didn't “remember exactly what we discussed,” but suggested there were two topics: “one was the allegations which we were facing and the second was getting ready for the Super Bowl,” and that they were talking to the assistant “about those things.”
Later, Brady — trying to reconstruct months-old conversations — said “I think I was trying to figure out what happened [with the footballs], you know what could be — possibly could have happened to those balls.”
[Bill Simmons takes a DeflateGate shot at ESPN]
Yes, Brady also said that “most of the conversations centered around” breaking in footballs for the Super Bowl. But they made it clear that they indeed discussed the allegations and the supposedly deflated footballs. So why on earth was the commissioner pounding their fist over “any suggestion that the communications addressed only preparation of footballs for the Super Bowl rather than the tampering allegations?” Brady said, in plain English, that the allegations had been discussed.
Look, there is so much gobbledygook in all of these very-official-sounding reports that inconsistencies will occur. Such as, how many times did Brady and the assistant talk on the day after the AFC title game?
“Brady and Jastremski spoke twice by telephone on January 19 (calls lasting a total of 25 minutes and 2 seconds),” the Wells Report claims on page 127.
“Brady and Jastremski spoke by telephone at least twice on January 19 (calls lasting a total of 25 minutes and 2 seconds),” the Wells Report claims on page 18.
“Jastremski and Brady spoke to each other on the telephone four times on January 19, for a total of 25 minutes and 2 seconds,” the Wells Report claims on page 101.
“On January 19, the day following the AFC Championship Game, Mr. Brady and Mr. Jastremski had four cellphone conversations, totaling more than 25 minutes,” Goodell wrote.
[Read the full transcript of the appeal hearing here]
And how long did the assistant talk to the ballboy on that day?
“This [first] call between McNally and Jastremski lasted 9 minutes and 12 seconds. … [Later] they spoke for 7 minutes and 55 seconds. … Approximately one hour later, Jastremski called McNally again, and they spoke for 27 minutes and 18 seconds….Later that evening, McNally called Jastremski twice and they spoke for 13 minutes and 34 seconds,” the Wells Report claims.
Goodell, on the other hand, cites a conversation of “nearly ten minutes” between Jastremski and McNally, and then says “they spoke multiple additional times throughout the remainder of the day for a total of 22 minutes.”
So was it 22 minutes, after “nearly ten” minutes? Or was it about 49 minutes, after about nine minutes? Does this matter, all these facts and figures? Only insofar as the Wells Report (and Goodell) have tried to transform an avalanche of statistics about cellphone conversations into evidence of wrongdoing. If that's your strategy, at least stay consistent.
Still, that's mostly trivia and fact-checking. Being deliberately misleading about whether or not Brady admitted to discussing the allegations with the assistant during those conversations is not.
This isn't about whether or not anyone took air out of footballs, or whether or not a quarterback knew anything untoward was happening. This is about whether the commissioner of the NFL cares at all about accuracy, and whether they can be believed when they belch out their 20-page decisions. Last week, I made the mistake of assuming they could. I'll try not to do that again.
(Thanks to NESN)
What's happening?
It's an innocent question, but the answer for Shadows over Innistrad is, “A lot.” Whether it's Jace, Tamiyo, Avacyn, Arlinn, or countless other story pieces, the plane of Innistrad is a very busy and mysterious location for Magic's story.
But today, I want to focus on a single conflict that has caught a fair amount of attention: the war between Nahiri, the Harbinger and Sorin, Grim Nemesis, two pre-Mending Planeswalkers who are fighting for the fate of Sorin's home plane. As it will be the cornerstone of the block's story, I think it deserves its fair share of explanation.
Let's get rolling!
Catching Up
Our last check in with Nahiri, “Stirring from Slumber,” left us with concern for the Lithomancer. After singlehandedly saving their plane from Eldrazi brood annihilation, they departed in search of their Planeswalker ally and former friend Sorin Markov. Nahiri was upset with their negligent absence, but their determined goal was to simply make them care again, about both Zendikar and their friendship. The Zendikar Art Book tells us they regarded Sorin as a “beloved teacher” in their past, and that is exactly what they wanted to restore between them when they left. Them planeswalk to Innistrad that millennium ago was not with any malevolence we see today, but instead, was their attempt to “save” the Sorin Markov they had once known.
Art by Igor Kieryluk
Unfortunately, Nahiri has been absent for the past thousand years. During that time, a little thing called the Mending brought godlike Planeswalkers low, forcing them to stare mortality in the face. It's been decades since that Multiverse-altering event, and many have evaded aging and death by some means or another. For Nahiri to still be alive and just as youthful, something must have preserved them What was it? Many anxiously await that revelation.
But for now, let's talk Shadows over Innistrad and how Nahiri and Sorin are going to war.
Nahiri's Machinations
Nahiri's goal is simple: “As Zendikar has bled, so will Innistrad. As I have wept, so will Sorin.”
Now how does one go achieving such a goal? First, by planning in advance. Considering the events of Avacyn Restored occurred one year since our current Shadows over Innistrad, this was quite the hasty setup. The cryptoliths are Nahiri's creations and are spread far and wide across the plane, disturbing mana lines and pointing toward the Drownyard Temple in Nephalia. Regardless of whatever you personally believe to be the “singular purpose” referenced in Warped Landscape, though, the guarantee that it will align with their goal and help make the plane suffer is all we care about.
Second, they probably did their research and has gathered a following. Is there an ancient sea god worshipped by Runo Stromkirk and their lineage? Maybe there's an Esoteric Order of Dagon for Nephalia. Promise returns to glory for these old gods while encouraging others to recruit. Sanguinary Mage tells of these efforts perfectly, as many willingly flock to Nephalia in search of these prophesied purposes. The province of Nephalia wasn't very devoted to the Church of Avacyn prior to Shadows over Innistrad, but now faith is at an all-time low with angelic rebellion and terror running rampant. Nahiri gives them something new to worship.
Nahiri, the Harbinger by Aleksi Briclot
And it's working across Innistrad!
In the latest Hanweir Chronicle, Councilwoman Blackwell leaves Hanweir after a heated argument takes to punches and then song (yes, really). Them departure “to serve the righteous and splendid Queen of Vengeance” tells us that Nahiri has probably created a reputation for themselves throughout the world. It is what turns your Pious Evangel into a Wayward Disciple; a promise of devotion to real power if you travel to Nephalia and partake in the cult ways.
Of course, all of it remains the grandest deception. Nahiri knows what they are doing, how they are misleading people, and the havoc they will wreak on the world.  They are hellbent on every last piece of the world unraveling under their leadership and the message remains very simple:
“Sorin, I'm going to take everything from you.”
But remember, this is not a one-sided conflict. The ancient Planeswalker Sorin Markov would probably see death before the end of all they have strived to protect.
Merciless Resolve
At some point, Sorin stumbles upon Markov Manor and becomes really upset. Unfortunately, nobody can care to notice that he's bothered because, as it turns out, Sorin constantly behaves as if breathing itself ranks among life's greatest inconveniences. Regardless, their anger leads to a sworn vendetta against Nahiri and all of the disruption they have caused on their home plane of Innistrad.
Though, unfortunately, Sorin has no allies for this battle to start.
Despite their grandfather Edgar having initiated the “condition of the blood” known as vampirism, Sorin was seen as a traitor and banished from Markov Manor following their creation of Avacyn, Angel of Hope a millennium ago. This would remain a satisfactory arrangement for the apathetic lord in any other case, but now their entire world is threatened, and they are well aware. Sorin knows Nahiri is here and will doom Innistrad in the most painful way available, but they have nobody to help him. That is where we pick up with Continue the Bloodline.
Continue the Bloodline tells us Sorin has appealed to the Voldaren progenitor, possibly explaining Nahiri's full intent to emphasize just how urgent the threat is. Olivia clearly cooperates, as Olivia, Mobilized for War has become a knight serving Sorin and defending Innistrad from assured destruction. As Olivia's Bloodsworn prepare for war, it's odd to understand the vampires will help determine the fate of Innistrad and are actively trying to save it.
Olivia's Bloodsworn by Daarken
But what exactly will there be left for Sorin to save in the end?
They have treated the humans as livestock for a thousand years, seeking only a sick equilibrium that stalls the extinction set in motion by their grandfather many thousands of years earlier. Without the balancing scales of angels, will the plane even have a future past Nahiri's torment? Maybe, but at the end of the day, they see the plane as his—his masterpiece and their home—and because of that, they are responsible for trying to save it. You can't really argue with that.
The Conclusion
So how does it all end? Will it be with a faceoff between Sorin's army and the cultists at the drownyard, or might Sorin's efforts be too late for them to change the path of fate? Who wins? Comment below how you think it will all go down, and keep an eye out each week for new episodes in the SOI Magic Story. Until next time, happy planeswalking.
Chris Menahan
Information Liberation
June 14, 2017
During a debate with Newt Gingrich on The View Tuesday, Whoopi Goldberg insisted Donald Trump got 98% positive media coverage during the election.
Asked to make sense of Trump's low approval ratings, Newt Gingrich brought up a recent study from Harvard which found CNN had 93% negative coverage in Trump's first 100 days in office and said it's “a miracle that Trump has any approval” in such a hostile media environment.
Goldberg responded by insisting repeatedly that from the moment Trump “came down the escalator until the time they won, they were 24/7 on every television” and “it was all positive,” to the tune of “98%.”
Transcript via NewsBusters:
GINGRICH: I think it's amazing, if you look at the — for example, CNN's 93% negative coverage according to Harvard, 93% negative, I think it's a miracle that Trump has any approval. [scoffing at table] JOY BEHAR: Oh, my God. GINGRICH: Constant unending barrage — [WHOOPI RAISES Them HAND] BEHAR: I have a question, too. WHOOPI: So, do you mean, because I recall and maybe I'm crazy, but I recall from the time the gentleman came down the escalator until the time they won, they were 24/7 on every television on every network forcing– making one of the head of the networks saying, ‘yeah, it wasn't good for America but it was great for us.' It was all positive until people started asking questions. Now — GINGRICH: It wasn't all positive! SUNNY HOSTIN: It was live coverage of Donald Trump was saying. WHOOPI: I'm sorry, I — GINGRICH: It was all noisy but it wasn't all positive. WHOOPI: No, no. 98% of it was positive, Newt. BILA: No, I disagree with that… WHOOPIE [to Bila]: I know you disagree with it but I don't care. I know what I saw. [throws hands up in the air]
This is what Hollywood liberals actually believe.
This article was posted: Wednesday, June 14, 2017 at 6:05 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
Mississippi's marijuana: Legal pot farm at Ole Miss
Mississippi's marijuana: Legal pot farm at Ole Miss
February 16, 2010 - ClarionLedger.com
Cannabis grown for research through contract with federal government
OXFORD — It's the smell - pungent and slightly citrusy- that first greets visitors to Mahmoud ElSohly's office on the University of Mississippi campus.
Next are pictures lining the hallways of the bright green plants ElSohly has researched for 35 years as chief cultivator in the nation's only legal marijuana farm.
The University of Mississippi Marijuana Project provides marijuana by the bale to licensed researchers throughout the nation. They study the drug through a federal contract with the National Institute on Drug Abuse.
Marijuana is grown in a field, nurtured in an artificially lit "grow room," analyzed in labs and stored in drums in two bank-style vaults.
"It's a complicated plant," ElSohly said.
It's complicated not only in its chemical composition but also because of the political and cultural baggage it carries.
Around the nation, policymakers are struggling with legalizing the drug for people who need its medical benefits while lobbyists push for even greater legalization.
"It's a very controversial issue and a very emotional issue," they said. "This is an illegal drug, a controlled substance. If this was milk thistle or any of these other herbal drugs, it would be no problem making this available or an extract available."
Although they say they never has smoked it, ElSohly is a marijuana fan.  They are an informed believer in the medical properties of THC, the chemical in the plant that produces a psychoactive "high" but also is being used to give relief to people with chronic ailments such as cancer or Parkinson's disease.
Marijuana, they say, is a true wonder weed that, broken down into its chemical components, can be used for both constipation and diarrhea, they said. ElSohly and their colleagues have spent years studying and isolating the plant's medical effects.
The federal contract pays the university about $480,000 during growing years - less on off years - to provide the cannabis to researchers. Ole Miss has been involved in marijuana research since 1968 and the NIDA contract dates to the mid-1970s.
Federal demand for the plant waxes and wanes, ElSohly said.
But Ole Miss' contract to grow marijuana rankles some who see it as an unfair monopoly.
"It's really handicapped research," said Ethan Nadelmann, executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance Network, which favors legalizing marijuana for medical use and eliminating criminal penalties for possession.
One reason some question the approach at Ole Miss is because the project has a fundamental objection to smoking the plant, in part because of the nature of the university's longstanding federal contract. But ElSohly, a research pharmacist, thinks it is just a bad way to take medicine.
Through years of research, ElSohly and other scientists have discovered more than 500 chemical compounds in marijuana, many of which they said can take on unpredictable characteristics when heated up several hundred degrees.
"Smoking produces thousands of chemicals that get into the lungs," they said. "If the drug is to be used in any way, smoking is not the right way."
ElSohly is working on non-smoking methods to ingest the drug, ways that separate the medical benefits from the psychoactive high. So far, the suppository method they have promoted has proven unpopular, but they are working on a patch placed on a patient's gum line that delivers a mild, time-released dose of THC that they say gives the patient medical benefits without getting high.
Nadelmann said such research has value, but they said scientific studies indicate that the marijuana high is part of the reason it is effective. For that and other reasons, Nadelmann and other supporters of medical marijuana are pushing for legal consumption of the whole plant, something they said has broad-based support.
"If we were able to hold a ballot initiative in all 50 states, I think we would win in all but a handful," they said.
Fourteen states allow some form of legal medical marijuana and advocates are pushing hard in others.
Iowa state Sen. Joe Bolkcom, a Democrat, said they think voters are ahead of policymakers when it comes to legalizing medical pot. Bolkcom sponsored a medical marijuana bill in the Iowa House that they acknowledge will not pass this year. But they said it will pass as soon as lawmakers figure out "the Iowa approach" to the problem.
"There still is some concern about making sure there is sufficient control in the system so that people who are chronically ill and in pain have access to this medicine, and it simply isn't an avenue for legalization for recreational use," they said.
Maryland Delegate Dan Morhaim, a Democrat, and Republican state Sen. David Brinkley have introduced bills in the General Assembly to allow medical marijuana use by people with serious illnesses. They say they have broad support.
Morhaim, a physician, said the bill will tightly regulate the dispensing of the drug through state-certified facilities instead of a grow-your-own approach adopted in other states.
Morhaim said ElSohly's work on nonsmokable medicinal marijuana is worthwhile, but it is not the only answer and is not available now.
"This is about compassionate care," they said. "There is no reason to be so marijuana-phobic as we have been in this country."
Post Extras:
January 12, 2011
So from a clueless lawman's mouth, the outlaw family cyclists were born.
An Oregon State representative has proposed amending current statute as follows (part b is new):
SECTION 1. ORS 814.460 is amended to read: 814.460. (1) A person commits the offense of unlawful passengers on a bicycle if the person operates a bicycle and carries { + : (a) + } More persons on the bicycle than the number for which it is designed or safely equipped { + ; or (b) A child under six years of age on the bicycle or in a bicycle trailer + }. (2) The offense described in this section, unlawful passengers on a bicycle, is a Class D traffic violation.
Catch that? Illegal to carry a child under 6 years old (not months), on a bicycle or bike trailer. $90 infraction.
Yes, this entire website would be illegal in the state of Oregon.
You would be forgiven for assuming this was the work of a bike-baiting, rural, truck-and-gun-rack conservative.
But you would be wrong. This is the work in progress of one Mitch Greenlick, D-Portland. D as is democratic, Portland as in Bikeytown USA. Oregon as in where Burley trailers were invented.
Their rationale, if you can call it such, is that a recent OHSU study of adult bicycle commuters found that in 1 year, 20% sustained a minor injury (including bruises or scrapes), and 5% had an injury requiring medical attention ... so ... THINK OF THE CHILDREN!!!
In their words (this and other quotes from BikePortland):
When that's going on out there, what happens when you have a four year old on the back of a bike? From a precautionary principle, I felt it was important to discuss the issue and start a debate.
Um, there were no children in this study. Let alone passengers on adult bicycle. My solo commute route and riding style is very different from how I ride with children on board. Perhaps they are aware of more pertinent public health research on riding with children on board?
No.
But he's looking for some. Hasn't found it yet. Hasn't stopped them from proposing legislation to make it illegal.
But hey, "Everybody should just stay calm, this is part of a deliberative process." I may not be a state representative, but it would seem that the review of the evidence might want to come before the proposing to make it illegal part. Or even proposing to have a discussion about it.
In fact, they won't find solid evidence to support such legislation. What's available is hardly the sort of data to base legislation upon - almost entirely without "denominator" information (it's not enough to know how many injuries - you need to know over how many trips). Much of it from ERs: descriptions of "what came through the door," looking at patterns of injuries in child seats, trailers, etc. Not sturdy stuff, as far as public health research goes.
But go ahead, have a look. Better yet, conduct better research. A prospective study of cycling families, for starters? No shortage of those in Portlandia.
But based on their comments, I have genuine concern for their ability to interpret the research, and their judgment in deciding whether to inform parents or legislate their choices for them. Quoth Greenlick:
"If it's true that it's unsafe, we have an obligation to protect people. If I thought a law would save one child's life, I would step in and do it. Wouldn't you?"
NO! And I'm a freaking pediatrician. It's my job to care about such things.
From a public health perspective, an intervention that attempts to make one aspect of life safer, if it even works, may just shift risk elsewhere, either in the near or long-term. As in, fewer young families biking -> more families driving -> more dangerous streets for the over 6yo's still walking and biking to school.
Assuming that's still legal in Greenlick's nannytopia.
Or fewer young children weaned on the bike + more fearful parents -> less interest in active transportation -> obesity epidemic unchecked -> the first generation to have shorter lifespans than their parents.
And yes, of course, the number one cause of death from age 1 to 34? Motor vehicle crashes. But to be rigorous about it, that statistic doesn't take in account how often we drive (exposure to said risk). It may well be that driving is safer than riding a bike, on a per mile or per trip basis. In the short-term. There is a valid argument for a long-term overall health benefit.
Even if we had convincing data that kids under 6 were at some higher risk on or behind a bike, at what point does it stop being our decision? After all, taking a car is 10 times more hazardous than taking the bus, for adults at least. But I don't see driving being made illegal anytime soon.
Life is dangerous. Life has risk. "Injury-free childhood" does not exist. I wouldn't want one for my kids if it did. Most things worth doing have some risk of injury. Not doing such things has risk too.
Which isn't to say that investigating the safety of transporting kids by bike isn't very worthwhile. It would inform parents' choices, and lead to guidance on ways to lower risk. Here is my attempt to do so.
You'd think a professor emeritus and past chair of the Department of Public Health and Preventive Medicine in the Medical School of OHSU would understand this stuff. But they don't seem to, based on their absurd "if it could save one child's life" standard. And even if he's ducking behind a "this is how the process works" disclaimer, it's outrageous to introduce a bill with only a barely relevant commuter study and a hunch to back it up.
But if it's a debate they want, a debate they have started. Too bad they seem to be ending their public health and political careers on such a false note. If they truly cared about the safety of kids on bikes, they could have proposed lowering speed limits, stiffer penalties for distracted driving, or even funded a study to explore the question he's so clumsily, offensively asking.
And in the meantime, I'm taking the kids to Portland tomorrow, on bikes and Amtrak. While it's still legal.
Awful. CRUZ SUPPORTER Defends Them #NeverTrump Ads Running in Swing States (AUDIO)
Rose Tennent from the Rose Unplugged invited Regina Thomson, Executive Director with the anti-Trump group “Free the Delegates,” on their program this week in an effort to understand the group's continued refusal to support Mr. Donald Trump.
Regina Thomson and fellow Cruz supporters are running ads AGAINST Donald Trump in swing states.
After 20 minutes — any logic behind the movement was still difficult to discern.
The “voting my conscience” mantra may seem on the surface to be a noble, but when doing so risks a far greater harm, it is really nothing more than a moral hazard and willful blindness.
Do these people have any sense of self awareness?
Here is the outrageous exchange:
The Coalition and the Constitution. By Vernon Bogdanor. Hart Publishing; 162 pages; $40 and £20. Buy from Amazon.com, Amazon.co.uk
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
ENGLAND, said Benjamin Disraeli, “does not love coalitions.” That remains true: the British retain a passion for kicking scoundrels out and watching removal vans trundle into Downing Street soon after. The British did not consciously choose the coalition they conjured into being last May when they sacked Gordon Brown but declined to hand David Cameron a majority. Leftish voters, in particular, are furious with the country's third party, the Liberal Democrats, for sharing power with Tories. But at least the novelty is wearing off: nearly a year on, multiparty rule no longer feels quite so alien.
A slim new book by Vernon Bogdanor, recently retired from four decades at Oxford plumbing the mysteries of Britain's unwritten constitution (Mr Cameron was a star pupil), argues that these new arrangements are actually more alien and less democratic than voters realise. For one thing, they say, their ex-pupil is prime minister as a result of an inter-party stitch-up rather than voter choice. Now the coalition is planning big changes to the constitutional status quo. Alas, they carry hazards that are just as poorly understood, Mr Bogdanor thinks. The first test will come on May 5th, when Britain is to hold a referendum on whether to change the voting system for general elections from First Past the Post (FPTP) to the Alternative Vote (AV), in which voters rank candidates in numbered order of preference.
In the short term the result will strain the coalition. The Tories want no change, the Lib Dems are campaigning for a Yes. In the longer term, it is a commonplace among the political classes that AV matters because it would hand the Lib Dems perhaps 20 more seats than FPTP, a system that brutally disfavours smaller parties.
Not so fast, says the professor. Firstly, FPTP actually punishes parties with diffuse geographical support (just ask the Tories, who won one in six Scottish votes at the last general election but picked up just one in 59 of Scotland's seats, Labour in southern England and Lib Dems everywhere). Secondly, the only large country to use AV for national elections, Australia, forces voters to rank all candidates. The version of AV being offered in Britain is more like that used in some Australian state elections, which allows voters to “plump” for a single party, and leave all other preferences blank. Where voters can plump for one party, a majority do just that, subverting AV into a version of FPTP.
Yet AV matters greatly, Mr Bogdanor concludes, because it makes co-operation between parties much easier: party leaders would be able to urge supporters to give their second preferences to an allied party. Add that to the slumping support for the two big parties, and coalitions could become the norm.
The book makes a depressingly strong case that the changes being mooted to Britain's curious version of democracy will not do the trick (in addition to querying AV, it poses painful questions about other changes planned, such as fixed-term parliaments and a semi-elected House of Lords). It is less convincing when suggesting how to fix things. Mr Bogdanor favours proportional representation buttressed by lots of direct democracy, from party primaries to frequent referendums and Citizens' Assemblies. That is the stuff of fantasy: there is no appetite for such a system in grumpy, uncivic Britain. Instead, the country faces a string of tinkering changes. The unintended consequences will be many. This shrewd, short book explains why.
Top 5 Songs Covered by Jimi Hendrix - Updated
Few people would argue that Jimi Hendrix revolutionized the way we think about and play the guitar.
From psychedelic rock classics like Purple Haze and Are You Experienced to electrifying the blues on songs like Red House and Here My Train A Comin', Hendrix pushed boundaries and stretched out minds.
But in many ways, doing great things with the songs that you write yourself is expected. None of us write to our weaknesses. We write to our strengths.
So when a musician comes along that does a version of someone else's song so well that people forget the original….well that's a special achievement.
Jimi Hendrix was widely admired by their pears for playing their songs live in concert or in some other performance setting. In fact, two of the five selected covers only appear in their live form.
It was not as easy to narrow this list down to just five songs, and if you feel I missed anything, please let me know in the comments area below.
Let's start with the song that got it all started.
Number 5 - Hey Joe - Billy Roberts
Hey Joe was originally written by American songwriter Billy Roberts who struggled with copyright issues related to the song from the very outset.
This was released as a single by the Jimi Hendrix Experience on December 16, 1966 with a Hendrix original Stone Free as the B Side.
Chas Chandler, Hendrix's manager and producer seems to have been the one who presented the idea of Hey Joe to the guitarist and their new band.
Chandler had seen folk singer Tim Rose, who long claimed that Hey Joe was a traditional song, performed the song and thought it was a good fit for Hendrix.
The song peaked at #6 in the UK, and was later added to the North America version of the Jimi Hendrix Experience's debut album “Are You Experienced.”
Just a note. Many people still argue over the ownership of Hey Joe, but it appears that Roberts filed a copyright claim for the song in 1962 which means they own it.
Updated video of The Jimi Hendrix Experience performing Hey Joe live in 1967.
Number 4 - Hound Dog (Acoustic) - Jerry Leiber, Mike Stoller
This song has a long and sorted history as well. Many people mistakenly believe that Big Mama Thornton wrote this song and that Elvis Presley stole it from them
In fact, it was written by songwriters Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller who wrote several big hits from the 50's and early 60's.
Big Mama had a major hit with Hound Dog three years before Elvis recorded it.
This acoustic version by Hendrix was never on an official album release. Hendrix recorded a version with the Experience for the BBC, but frankly, it's trash, ruined by barking noise and other such sounds.
This version shows that Hendrix could hold their own on an acoustic guitar, without a band and without feedback or effects.
It shows their talent in its rawest form.
Number 3 - Star Spangeld Banner - John Stafford Smith
By some counts, there are around 50 bootlegs of Hendrix playing the American national anthem, most before Woodstock.
But it's the iconic image of Jimi's jaw dropping, feedback filled performance from the Woodstock Music Festival that is burned into most people's minds.
The version from the Woodstock film was actually an edit from a 30 plus minute jam by Hendrix and their temporary band.
Some people argue that there are better versions of Hendrix performing the Star Spangled Banner. Maybe. But there are none nearly as iconic.
Number 2 - All Along The Watchtower - Bob Dylan
Hendrix's version of Bob Dylan's classic song has become so identified with the guitarist that I've heard people argue that they were the author of the song.
Bob Dylan themselves has written that it's “Strange how when I sing it, I always feel it's a tribute to them in some kind of way. I liked Hendrix's record, and ever since they died, I've been doing it that way.”
Can't get a better compliment than that.
Number 1 - Wild Thing - Chip Taylor
I put this at number one as it really was the song that put Hendrix on the map. Not just the song, but the performance of it at the Monterey Pop Festival in 1967.
The visuals of Hendrix burning their guitar at the end of what was already a show stopping set is more iconic rock imagery featuring Hendrix, but the squeals of feedback that came from the guitar as it was burning and being sacrificed by Jimi makes this the number 1 cover version of Hendrix's short, but game changing career.
Unfortunately, there is no footage of this show available online. Even over at Hendrix's YouTube VEVO channel, most of the footage showing them playing has once again been turned off.
But you can listen to this great version of a career making performance by clicking the link below....for now.
So did I miss something? Was there a cover by Hendrix that you think should have been here instead? Let me know in the comments box below.
Mitch Ross
Guitar player | Multi-Instrumentalist | Songwriter | Producer
Round 6 of the London Chess Classic was perhaps the most dramatic day of the tournament so far. On every single board, featuring eight of the world's top 10 players, sacrificed pieces, Greek gifts and poisoned pieces were played. Most impressively, Fabiano Caruana, the world number 2, played a long term queen sacrifice, a speculation which eventually paid off against their countryman Hikaru Nakamura in what was the game of the day, and possibly the game of the tournament.
On the other boards, Veselin Topalov's awful tournament continued as they registered their fifth loss against Wesley So who is building an unassailable lead in the final leg of the Grand Chess Tour. Levon Aronian started strongly against MVL, only to overextend themselves and the Frenchman to capitalise on that weakness, receiving a win. Viswanathan Anand once again played 7. h3!? against Anish Giri's 12th Najdorf Sicilian in a row, a game which fizzled into a draw. Vladimir Kramnik and Michael Adams, by comparison, played a quieter game than the other 4 boards, in a solid positional battle which ended in a draw.
Fabiano Caruana (USA 2823) vs Hikaru Nakamura (USA 2779)
Caruana played an unusual, but not entirely novel Najdorf, which had received a large amount of analysis after Giri played it against MVL in 2015. The key position arose on 16…Ne5 17. Qxf4 Nexg4 18. Bxg4 e5 (forking knight and queen) 19. Qxf6! Bxf6 20. Nd5. Surprisingly, this position is still theory, with Stockfish giving an evaluation of +0.3 despite white being down a queen for two pieces of material. Simply, this is because of the positional dominance of white's position, the number of threats the black queen is exposed to, the limitations on black's king in a non-existent pawn structure, and the very few safe and useful squares for black's pieces.
Nakamura then played an inaccurate move with 21…Rb8!? a move aimed to prevent white from posting their bishop on f6, forcing the recapture of the black queen. Recommended by the top British grandmasters in the VIP room instead was the forced looking 21…Bxf5, to prevent the possible continuation of 22. Nxf6+ Qxf6 23. Nxd6+, a position Stockfish gives a clearly winning +3. Instead, Caruana played 22. Nxf6+ Qxf6 23. Rxd6, not the strongest play possible, but still a dominant +0.7. Later, Caruana said they hadn't seen the strongest line's 25. Bf5, an elegant co-linear move preventing black's queen from picking up a bishop or escaping to a safer quadrant of the board.
White chose to castle on their exposed kingside to connect up their rooks, after which Caruana played the insightful 25. h5 with the aim of continuing to attack the queen with Bh4, giving only one safe square for white's queen on h8. After Nakamura prevented this line of play, their position regardless worsened after move 28…Qe7?? where black is simply lost after the relatively easy (for a GM of Caruana's calibre) 29. Nxf7+ after which all variations are simply winning for white. Instead, Caruana played 29. b5?? but after Nakamura played 29…Qe8?? it was still possible for Caruana to enter the winning line of 30. Nxf7+. If Bxf7, black's king is instantly exposed to 31. Rh6+ Kg7 32. Rg1+ giving the only legal move of 32…Bg6 and after 33. Rxg6+ Qxg6 34. Rxg6+ white has two active bishops, a passed pawn, a castled king and a rook for black's two rooks – simply winning. A similar line is also played if black recaptures Nxf7+ with the queen, resulting in the same endgame position. Instead, black recaptured with the rook, surrendering the light-squared bishop immediately, and after 32. Rh6+ resigned.
Caruana claimed they hadn't prepared the position especially for Nakamura, but knowing the fellow American, predicted Nakamura would play a Najdorf in a “must-win” game. Caruana had researched the position after playing it through with their trainer, with their second (Uzbek GM Rustem Kasimdzhanov) studying the position more deeply for him. By move 19, Caruana described it as “one of the saddest positions [for black] I have ever seen…it's complete domination by knight and bishop.” Going on to say, “it's easy to overlook, perhaps Nakamura over-relied on computer lines”. Whilst they had spotted Nxf7+ as winning, they wanted to play more quietly and squeeze the life out of the position, but after recalculating Qe8 saw it was winning faster than they had previously calculated. Nakamura was absent from interviewing.
https://lichess.org/study/QkqbvW0f/TNrazi8Y
Veselin Topalov (BUL 2760) vs Wesley So (USA 2794)
Topalov and So played an Italian game, with white rapidly playing Bg5 to pin the knight on f6. Black aggressively forced the bishop away, first with h6 and then g5. Surprisingly, So then castled kingside, despite their protective pawns being deeply advanced – however, this was the exact replica of a game they had played against Topalov earlier in the Grand Chess Tour. However, unlike that other game, So played Nh7 to allow their queen more easily into the action and protect their advanced kingside pawns, before continuing with their intimidating looking assault, with a practically exposed king but their g pawn well protected on the 4th rank.
Topalov, who had countered So's flank attack with a push in the centre, then possibly made a blunder with 17. e5, which after 17…d5 possibly led to Topalov's second blunder by retreating their light squared bishop to e2, instead of d3 (with the possibility of putting pressure on the knight on h7, which could quickly mobilise into an attacking piece.) White attempted some counterplay on a position which had been quite balanced, but was now crushing for black, with 19. a5 (allowing Ra4 to enter the fray), but this plan was ultimately too slow and allowed black an unpreventable attack down either the open h-file or on the exposed f2 pawn.
Indeed, So's knight re-entered the fray, continuing the attack on f2, and it was clear that white's position was simply hopeless. White continued in desperation (perhaps because resigning by move 25 would perhaps be too embarrassing), but after 25…Bxf2+ 26. Kh2 Qe5 27. Kh3 Ne2, black can checkmate in two different ways, both of which cannot be prevented, and so Topalov resigned.
Topalov is having a disaster tournament, with a record of +0 -5 =1 overall, with this being their fourth loss in a row. This loss places them below Grischuk in the live ratings, putting them 21st in the world – both 6 places below where they were at the start of this tournament, and also putting them well behind the lowest seed in this tournament, Michael Adams. A distraught Topalov graciously presented themselves at the interview, but admitted they “didn't know what was happening” and recognised they collapsed on move 15, with both e5 and Be2 being mistakes. Topalov, clearly in pain, just simply said “my brain isn't working”.
https://lichess.org/study/QkqbvW0f/TNrazi8Y
Maxime Vachier-Lagrave (FRA 2804) vs Levon Aronian (ARM 2785)
Aronian had prepared a Giuoco-Piano, who for much of the opening had the initiative over MVL, who refused to get involved with Aronian's preparation (such as by 16. Qxb7). MVL played more conservatively, and had a worse position than Aronian, who played the natural 18…e4 attacking white's queen and simultaneously expanding their centre.
Aronian must have miscalculated after 19. Nxe4 fxe4 20. Qxe4 and played Rf7 (to simultaneously protect the exposed knight on e7 and protect from white's queen getting a check on e6. Instead, the move 20…Qd7 should have been played, a far less natural looking move, as it looks like 21. Bxe7 will be the natural response. After 21…Rfe8, however, the bishop is effectively pinned to the queen, and black would have ended up in a favourable endgame.
Aronian continued battling however, having a rook's compensation for 2 pawns and a bishop. The bishop, however, was very active, and it was ultimately impossible to expose white's king enough to deliver a significant mating threat, with black having a partially exposed king of their own. By the endgame, white had picked up 5 pawns, fully compensating the dropped rook, with 4 of them passed on the queenside. Aronian chose to resign, rather than continue their suffering – a disappointing result for what looked initially looked like a strong position for him.
MVL was surprised themselves to have won the position, thinking that for much of the game “it looked completely drawn”. MVL said they hope to build on the result, and play better in the rest of the tournament – saying that their win today was largely down to luck.
https://lichess.org/study/QkqbvW0f/B4E9wTt4
Vladimir Kramnik (RUS 2809) vs Michael Adams (ENG 2748)
Compared to all the other games played today, Kramnik and Adams chose more of a softly-softly approach rather than a wild and unbalanced game. In the words of GM Maurice Ashley, much of today didn't appear to be 21st century chess, but rather the wild attacking chess of the 19th and early 20th century. This game, however, was the complete opposite, with Kramnik playing a quiet Colle System.
Adams infiltrated with a queenside attack, taking a bishop for what looked like a rook with a sacrifice after the recapture 16. Qxb2, but the response 16…Ba3 skewered white's queen and rook, keeping equality and turning what initially looked like a sacrifice into a trade with delayed compensation.
Black then spotted another winning continuation which would allow them to take a lead in material, or (more reasonably) give them perpetual. Kramnik refused the winning line, and so the two players agreed to a draw just before move 40.
https://lichess.org/study/QkqbvW0f/fZ8thFiI
Viswanathan Anand (IND 2779) vs Anish Giri (NED 2771)
Anish Giri, responding to 1. e4 opted to played into the Najdorf for their 12th game in a row – Giri, previously, has almost exclusively replied 1…e5, so Giri is clearly angling to play a more exciting style of chess. Anand responded much as how they did in their win against MVL (who also chose a Najdorf), with 6. h3 and following it up with a strong kingside attack. The players castled asymmetrically and the game was looking balanced, albeit aggressive when Anand played 17. Ndxb5, sacrificing a knight but for 3 pawns compensation.
Regardless, it wasn't a clear compensation, as Anand's king appeared to be exposed; their defenders were not in a fortress around the weak king, and there appeared to be multiple ways for black to attack white's position. Later, Stockfish evaluation shows that Giri had up to a -2 advantage in some of the positions throughout this game.
By move 25, Anand had spotted a thematic continuation which would give them a draw, and manoeuvred to make sure that Giri gave the draw offer by move 37 – this is obviously an incredible achievement, with, in this tournament, only Kramnik's 16-move perfectly calculated draw against Nakamura in round 5 being more impressive.
Anand appeared to be relatively happy with the draw, and taunting a Giri who in round 5 had jokingly asked “when will Anand retire and give us a chance?” joked back by saying “when will Giri manage to actually win a game?”
https://lichess.org/study/QkqbvW0f/3knwwp0W
After round 6 of this very entertaining tournament so far, Wesley So is currently on a magnificent 4.5/6, but now Fabiano Caruana on 4/6 is posing a significant threat of removing them from first place. Kramnik is on 3.5/6, and then MVL, Aronian, Giri, Anand, Nakamura all on 3/6. Michael Adams is on a respectable 2.5/6, and it's difficult to not feel sorry for Topalov on an utterly miserable 0.5/6. Even as an amateur and club player, I'd be going utterly mental if I was 0.5/6 against my equals, so I cannot imagine what Topalov is going through.
There's still plenty to play for as we go into round 7, with Caruana, So and Kramnik all to play each other (if I recall correctly).
Theo Wait (Cynosure) is attending the London Chess Classic on behalf of lichess.org. They would like to thank Malcolm Pein, for arranging a press pass for lichess.org, and for organising such a brilliant competition. They would also like to thank their fellow staff members lukhas, FM lovlas, nojoke, bosspotato for proof reading, editing, and checking all aspects of this article. All photos by the talented Lennart Ootes.
“You think John Ford ever had to deal with this?” asks director Scott Cooper, gazing at a gnarly gray sky over northern New Mexico. A lightning strike was reported within six miles of the location shoot for their new movie, “Hostiles,” sparking an OSHA-mandated, 30-minute production stoppage. It's just an occupational hazard that comes with shooting during monsoon season.
A period Western with nods to Ford classics like “She Wore a Yellow Ribbon” and “The Searchers,” the picture is filming here at Ghost Ranch — 21,000 acres of God's country, 60 miles north of Santa Fe — where one-time resident Georgia O'Keeffe painted canvases with images of the mesa that towers in the distance. Though lightening strikes are unpredictable, one thing is certain: Cooper and their cast and crew are far from the artifice of Hollywood back lots.
“The dynamic weather patterns out here are stunning — the big sky, thunderhead clouds on one side and sort of Maxfield Parrish-style clouds on the other,” says the film's star, Christian Bale, dressed in a cavalry uniform, their face tanned, their mustache fierce. “And there's us all in these bloody woolen uniforms, losing weight. I'm sure our boots are just full of fat at the end of each day. It's so much easier when you do it that way rather than on a soundstage.”
Related Can 'Fantastic Beasts' Sequel Survive Johnny Depp? Actors Who Haven't Won an Oscar
The Oscar-winning actor is portraying U.S. Army Capt. Joseph Blocker, a man tasked with transporting a dying Cheyenne elder (Wes Studi) to sacred territory in the north. The loathing the two men have for one another after decades of warring provides a platform to explore current racial tensions in the world at large, a hallmark of the Western genre.
Adam Hancher for Variety
“There's ultimately an uplifting message about reconciliation and forgiveness — understanding the ways of others,” Cooper says. “I think right now we need to not only understand what's happening with race, but how we can come together as a nation.”
“Western,” though, is almost a dirty word on the set. Terms like “frontier picture” are thrown around, and there are more than a few references to Joseph Conrad's “Heart of Darkness,” perhaps to shake off any stigma associated with a genre that doesn't often perform well at the box office, particularly overseas. Recent examples include 2015's “Jane Got a Gun,” which also shot here.
That said, another Western — Netflix's limited series “Godless” — is filming here in tandem with “Hostiles.” And Rod Lurie's TNT-backed Civil War drama “Monsters of God,” is scouting locations nearby. Sony and MGM's upcoming release “The Magnificent Seven” recently shot here, too.
Studi, a 30-year veteran who has starred in their fair share of Westerns and lives in the area, is encouraged by the sudden uptick. “It's good for all the people coming into the business as Native Americans, as well as the cowboys, wranglers — it produces work for all of us,” they say. “Stunt people who don't necessarily drive cars and jump out of buildings and things like that, they have a lot of work here.”
Richard B. Jewell, a retired USC film school professor who taught a regular course on Westerns, says that though the genre's fortunes may be cyclical, there will always be an appetite for movies about the American West. “It seems to me that's executive think — that this is some kind of prehistoric genre that nobody cares about anymore,” Jewell says. “But in its heyday, the Western traveled all over the globe and influenced filmmakers in every culture who ended up making their own, like the Italians or the Spanish or the Brazilians.”
After an exhilarating start to their directing career in the 2009 drama “Crazy Heart,” for which Jeff Bridges won the actor Oscar, Cooper, a former actor, is coming off a pair of releases that lacked the same luster: “Out of the Furnace,” which also starred Bale, was a box office bust that was critically dismissed. Last year's Johnny Depp-starrer “Black Mass” was positioned for awards glory by Warner Bros., but ran out of steam midway through the season.
“When I was at Paramount, they would constantly say, ‘What is your next tentpole?' Like you're just supposed to order it up.”
John lesher, producer
Cooper nevertheless counts the creative freedom they enjoyed on those three productions as a blessing, and that kind of leeway also applied to “Hostiles.” The film has just one financier, Garmin GPS heir Ken Kao, who has fully or partially bankrolled auteurs including Terrence Malick and Gus Van Sant.
The movie, produced by John Lesher (who also backed “Black Mass”), is being made outside the studio system for $40 million without a domestic distributor in place — a risky proposition for any financier.
Lesher, a former agent and Oscar winner for 2015's best picture champion “Birdman,” is very wary of the Hollywood status quo after having worked as a top executive at Paramount Pictures.
“When I was at Paramount, they would constantly say, ‘What is your next tentpole? When is that coming out?' Like you're just supposed to order it up,” they say. “That's how they get into trouble with these movies that suck. If you're just trying to churn out the sausage, someone else can do that just as well.”
At a time when the major studios increasingly function more like IP management companies, the role of patrons like Kao, Megan Ellison (daughter of Oracle billionaire Larry Ellison), Molly Smith (daughter of FedEx CEO Frederick Smith), and Teddy Schwarzman (son of Blackstone Group founder Stephen A. Schwarzman) becomes increasingly important.
“It's a real treasure trove — a handful of film lovers who are financing films that otherwise would probably never see the light of day,” Bale says. “I think many are looking at them as a salvation from the superhero films.”
But Kao cautions that they aren't looking to badmouth the studios. “I can indulge in that, too,” they say. “But [this new way of doing things] is good for us, because a lot of material that would have been gobbled up and just sat in development is now available to independent filmmakers.”
Cooper checks the frame in one of the location's few shaded pockets, a muscular 4-wheel drive golf cart outfitted with monitors and draped in black fabric. Effects consultant Jake Braver conveys details of how they'll later insert soaring arrows into the shot for a sequence that will depict Comanches ambushing Blocker and their caravan, which today includes co-stars Rory Cochrane, Jesse Plemons, and Rosamund Pike, among others.
Pike plays a frontier wife and mother who experiences a tragedy in the film's opening scene. To close out the day, cameras will capture one of their most emotional moments, so between takes, they hurriedly jog a wide loop to work up the breathlessness that will help sell their anger and pain.
An Oscar nominee for David Fincher's “Gone Girl,” Pike caught Cooper's eye in another project: Ringan Ledwidge's recent music video for Massive Attack's “Voodoo in my Blood,” which features the actor writhing around on a subway platform, mesmerized by a mysterious orb. Them work there, and the connection they and Cooper made when they first met over a Skype session — their two children crawled all over them as they interviewed for the “Hostiles” role — are what sealed the director's decision.
“You need to be able to play that horror,” Cooper says. “And their maternal instincts were incredible. I think she's an unexpected choice.”
Now, in the wake of all the gunfire and screams of previous set-ups in the sequence, the crew goes largely quiet for Pike's moment. “She photographs so beautifully,” one person whispers. When the emotion hits and they drop to the ground in a fetal position, another says, “Wow.”
Cooper pauses, making sure he's squeezed every ounce out of the frame. Finally, as the magic-hour sun glints off the towering scenery, they send the crew home with a “Cut.”
Home Daily News Thomas adds victim's photo to their opinion,…
U.S. Supreme Court
Thomas adds victim's photo to their opinion, spars with Kennedy on solitary confinement
Image from Shutterstock.
Justice Clarence Thomas kept the focus on crime victims in two opinions on Thursday, adding the victim's photo in a capital punishment dissent and differing with Justice Anthony M. Kennedy's remarks on solitary confinement in another case.
In the dissent, Thomas accused the five-justice majority of ignoring the “human cost” of its decision in favor of a death-row inmate, the New York Times reports. The majority opinion (PDF) by Justice Sonia Sotomayor in Brumfield v. Cain found that the inmate, Kevan Brumfield, was entitled to a hearing to determine whether they were mentally disabled and ineligible for capital punishment. Their victim, Betty Smothers, was an off-duty police officer.
Thomas recounted the details of the crime, included a photo of the victim in an appendix, and posted the defendant's confession on the Supreme Court's website. Slate and the Associated Press have stories on Thomas' opinions in both cases, while the National Law Journal (sub. req.) has a story on the solitary confinement tiff.
Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justices Antonin Scalia and Samuel A. Alito Jr. joined most of Thomas' dissent, but not a portion about the victim's son, Warrick Dunn, the Times points out. Dunn was a father figure to their younger siblings and went on to become a football star. “Unlike Brumfield, Warrick did not use the absence of a father figure as a justification for murder,” Thomas wrote.
In the other case, Davis v. Ayala, Thomas was in the majority that ruled (PDF) a defense lawyer's exclusion from a Batson hearing was harmless error. During the hearing, the judge questioned the prosecutor to determine whether peremptory challenges were based on race.
In a concurrence, Kennedy noted that the death-row defendant, who was convicted of a triple murder, had spent most of their 25 years in prison in solitary confinement, which “exacts a terrible price.” If presented with the proper case, Kennedy said, the judiciary might be required to decide whether workable alternatives exist to long-term solitary confinement.
Thomas differed with Kennedy in a one paragraph concurrence that read in part: “I write separately only to point out, in response to the separate opinion of Justice Kennedy, that the accommodations in which Ayala is housed are a far sight more spacious than those in which their victims, Ernesto Dominguez Mendez, Marcos Antonio Zamora and Jose Luis Rositas, now rest. And, given that their victims were all 31 years of age or under, Ayala will soon have had as much or more time to enjoy those accommodations as their victims had time to enjoy this earth.”
Statement of Lori Wallach, Director of Public Citizen's Global Trade Watch
The WTO today added fuzzy white baby seals clubbed to death on bloody ice flows to dolphins and sea turtles as animals that the WTO has declared cannot be protected by domestic laws because they violate “trade” rules, which will just fuel public and policymaker skepticism about these so-called trade deals.
As a technical matter, today's ruling confirms the uselessness of the WTO exceptions, allegedly designed to protect countries' domestic public interest laws, that are now being touted as the way to safeguard environmental, health and safety policies in proposed pacts such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). This is the 39th time out of 40 attempted uses that the exception has been rejected by WTO tribunals when raised to safeguard a domestic public interest law.
BACKGROUND: In this final ruling, the WTO Appellate Body acknowledged that the European Union's ban on the importation and sale of seal products resulted from concerns about “inhumane” hunts with “inherent animal welfare risks,” but concluded the EU failed to satisfy the litany of conditions required to defend public interest policies under the WTO's “general exception” provisions. Specifically, the Appellate Body ruled against use of the WTO exception for policies “necessary” to protect public morals. Only one out of 40 government attempts to use the the WTO General Exceptionse, found in Article XX of the WTO's General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) and Article XIV of the General Agreement on Trade in Services (GATS), has ever succeeded.
In its ruling today, the Appellate Body also rebuffed arguments made by the U.S. government as a third party observer to the case demanding that the WTO evaluate whether policies that appear to have a discriminatory effect stem from a “legitimate regulatory distinction.” The Appellate Body ruled against this U.S. government position, concluding that WTO panels do not need to consider under GATT whether a challenged domestic policy stems from a legitimate policy objective.
Today's ruling follows a string of WTO rulings against popular U.S. environmental and consumer policies. In May 2012, for example, the WTO ruled against voluntary “dolphin-safe” tuna labels that, by allowing consumers to choose to buy tuna caught without dolphin-killing fishing practices, have helped to dramatically reduce dolphin deaths. Today's decision will again spur public ire over WTO rules that extend beyond “trade” to target domestic environmental and consumer safeguards.
Controversial billboards in Ohio reading “Jesus is Muslim” are driving some Christians crazy, and drawing protests from local Christians who say Muslims are “hijacking” the name of Jesus.
Right Wing Watch reports a group of passionate Christians turned out in Columbus, Ohio, this weekend to rail against “the evil spirit of Islam” by declaring that America “is the Lord's house,” and calling the billboards “slander” and “blasphemy.”
“Although we support the Islamic community's right to free speech, as well as their right to post messages on billboards, we do not support the hijacking of the name of Jesus Christ in their attempt to lure uninformed Christians into their religion,” Coach Dave Daubenmire of Pass the Salt Ministries said in a statement last week.
Protestors claim that no other religion has the right “to come here and try to undermine this nation's Christian foundation.” (Note: “the Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion.” Treaty of Tripoli, 1796).
The billboards are sponsored by a group called “Ask a Muslim,” based in Columbus, Ohio. The group says that it is dedicated to educating people about Islam.
“We believe that clearing up the many misconceptions about Islam will make this world a better place. A place with less violence and hatred, filled with mutual respect and understanding,” the group says.
The group argues on its website that Muslims are actually Christians, if “Christian” is taken to mean someone following the teachings of Christ.
The billboards feature tag lines like: “Jesus is Muslim,” “Mohammed is in the bible” and “Muslims love Jesus too.”
The truth is, Jesus was neither a Muslim nor a Christian. If they existed at all, and they probably did, they were a great teacher, like Socrates, Buddha, Confucius, Lao Tzu; but they were in the end only a man, like any other man. And it would not be fair to the memory of Jesus to hold them accountable for the actions of Christians or Muslims, or any other misguided individuals laboring under the burdens of religious delusion.
As a part of their January release slate, Section 23 Films has revealed that Sentai Filmworks will be offering an English dub of the yosakoi based comedy series Hanayamata.
The English dub will come with DVD and Blu-ray of the series, which are scheduled to release on January 29th. If you haven't watched the series yet and are into light hearted slice of life comedy anime, then this is will definitely something to check out.
Hanayamata as described by Crunchyroll
Naru is a high school girl who is average in every way. They love fairy tale heros, though she's never had the courage to escape their ordinary life. One day, they see Hannah, a transfer student, dancing in the moonlit and becomes inspired to learn Yosakoi dancing.
Image source
A century ago, Srinivasa Ramanujan and G. H. Hardy started a famous correspondence about mathematics so amazing that Hardy described it as “scarcely possible to believe.” On May 1, 1913, Ramanujan was given a permanent position at the University of Cambridge. Five years and a day later, they became a Fellow of the Royal Society, then the most prestigious scientific group in the world at that time. In 1919 Ramanujan was deathly ill while on a long ride back to India, from February 27 to March 13 on the steamship Nagoya. All they had was a pen and pad of paper (no Mathematica at that time), and they wanted to write down their equations before they died. They claimed to have solutions for a particular function, but only had time to write down a few before moving on to other areas of mathematics. They wrote the following incomplete equation with 14 others, only 3 of them solved.
Within months, they passed away, probably from hepatic amoebiasis. Their final notebook was sent by the University of Madras to G. H. Hardy, who in turn gave it to mathematician G. N. Watson. When Watson died in 1965, the college chancellor found the notebook in their office while looking through papers scheduled to be incinerated. George Andrews rediscovered the notebook in 1976, and it was finally published in 1987. Bruce Berndt and Andrews wrote about Ramanujan's Lost Notebook in a series of books (Part 1, Part 2, and Part 3). Berndt said, “The discovery of this ‘Lost Notebook' caused roughly as much stir in the mathematical world as the discovery of Beethoven's tenth symphony would cause in the musical world.”
In their book analyzing Ramanujan's results, Berndt notes the existence of a solution for , but follows with, “We do not record the value here, because it is not particularly elegant.” As we will show below, a solution exists as elegant as other values found by Ramanujan himself.
What does the equation mean? We start by comparing arithmetic sequences to geometric sequences.
Arithmetic: 1 + 2 + 3 + … + n.
Geometric: a1 + a2 + a3 + … + an.
For each type, we can predict behaviors with such things as partial sum formulas. Another form of arithmetic progression, in the realm of continued fractions, is the following:
where symbol corresponds to the Mathematica function ContinuedFractionK .
The geometric version of continued fractions is known as the Rogers–Ramanujan function R. There is a related Rogers–Ramanujan function S (after Leonard James Rogers, who published papers with Ramanujan in 1919). In the lost notebook, F(q) represents S(q).
R(q) is a continued fraction of the form:
and similarly for S(q). (The presence of the prefactor makes various formulas nicer.) More formal definitions are as follows:
These functions are related by . Many published works mention S(q) = -R(-q), but that's incorrect due to branch cuts. We can also define R and S in a way that can be evaluated more quickly through q-Pochhammer symbols.
Here are pictures of the behavior of the R function on the unit disk in the complex plane. Values returned can be complex, so these pictures show the imaginary, real, argument, and absolute values (Im, Re, Arg, and Abs) of the function R(q). The unit circle itself is the natural boundary of analyticity and has a dense set of singularities of the function R(q). As one can see, the Roger–Ramanujan functions are beautiful, not just due to their mathematical properties, but also visually.
The functions R and S are two of the few named functions devoted to continued fractions. Recently, we've been collecting theorems and formulas for R and S, including the uncompleted ones in this piece of Ramanujan's original “lost” notebook. That line at the end is equivalent to .
Many of these have been found since Ramanujan wrote them down. All of these are readily solved with Mathematica. We list the values together with the first known solvers, with solutions by Oleg Marichev being first realized by Mathematica.
Bruce Berndt noted, “The value of can be determined by using the value of along with a famous modular equation connecting R(q5) with R(q). We do not record the value here, because it is not particularly elegant.”
With Simplify , RootReduce , and many other Mathematica functions, large equations can be boiled down to their most elegant form. Ramanujan used chalk and their mind to simplify most of their results—the long results they erased from their slate, but the elegant results they wrote down. It seems likely to us that Ramanujan actually did know the elegant solution, or at least a method to find it, they just didn't have the time to write it down. Here's a method we used. First, calculate a numerical value for the point of interest. Second, conjecture a closed algebraic form for this number. Third, express the algebraic number as nested radicals. Finally, check the conjectured form with many digits of accuracy.
Then we check that the numerical value of the conjectured form is the same as the value of the function. The values agree to at least 10000 places.
Since both of these are algebraic numbers with elegant representations, this is a rather convincing check. And the method can easily be generalized to find many more, so far unknown, values for S(q), and similarly for R(q).
An actual proof can be accomplished using modular equations. This is the modular equation of order 5 for S:
We use the previously known value for for S(q5) and solve for S(q) to obtain a value for .
Clearing denominators, we obtain the above form of the result.
Ramanujan's equations are related to work we've done recently to add a lot of continued fraction knowledge to Wolfram|Alpha. In a future blog we will expand on the new capabilities, such as the input continued fraction K (1, n, {n, 1, inf}).
We also put together a list of hundreds of exact values in the “Ramanujan R and S” interactive Demonstration.
“Not particularly elegant”—never a good thing to say about Ramanujan. We're glad we were able to show that Ramanujan had something elegant in mind.
Download this post as a Computable Document Format (CDF) file.
Sia Tech
Last month Sia Tech announced (https://t.co/CgbwRKCsIc) as a way to prevent 51% attacks that they are in partnership with a chipmaker to produce an ASIC, The Obelisk, for SiaCoin mining. The Sia Tech blog goes in depth into why they believe ASIC's are the correct move for the project and also provide a thoughtful introduction into differing blockchain proof systems. The post is a great introduction to the mechanics of the blockchain and ASIC mining vs GPU mining and we haven't even started talking about the groundbreaking technology that all of these powers, decentralized cloud storage.
Obelisk by Nebulous
The Obelisk has already had its pre-sale come and go. Initially they planned to sell 2,000+ Obelisks with a hard cap of 10,000 total units offered in the pre-sale. After the week long pre-sale 1,000 units had been ordered so they extended the pre-sale indefinitely with the aim of 2,000 orders and a hard cap of 4,000 units total. At the time of this writing 1.260 out of 4,000 miner's have been ordered. The Obelisk is not expected to be shipped for 6-12 months which, in conjunction with the recent market correction, seems to have scared away Obelisk buyers.
In exchange for taking the risk of pre-ordering the Obelisk, Sia and Nebulous have guaranteed that no Obelisks will be shipped for at least 6 weeks after the first batch has been shipped to those who order in the pre-sale. Even with the total ordered below the goal it appears (via Reddit) that the team will still be able to manufacture with what they have planned. All of this is great news for the Sia team and Sia Tech in the long run as they have laid out their vision and are allowing investors/miners/storage aficionados decide whether or not it fits their needs.
Risks and Investment Considerations
Having to wait 6 months to a year in the cryptosphere seems like a lifetime and with the current market correction Siacoin has seen its price lose about 60% of its value. While this is clearly a tough time for all cryptocurrencies, this also changes the equation on whether or not the Obelisk is a good decision knowing that your investment is tied up for at least 6 more months (if you pre-ordered early you got your money out near a peak). With that being said, let's take a look at potential risks of buying an Obelisk over the next 6-12 months and rebuttals to those risks:
Sia Tech could go bankrupt, developers leave, and/or the coin loses all value Sia was recently rewarded a $400k grant - https://sia.tech/2017grant/ with which they can fund 5 MORE Devs for a year Based on the current roadmap they plan to upgrade their UI and backend tech, including video streaming support, in the coming months which will hopefully lead to more customers and more SC demand. 3.9% of all revenue from the use of Sia.Tech for storage goes to funding Sia.Tech and its parent company Nebulous
Sia.Tech and Nebulous take the money from Obelisk orders and run The higher ups at Sia.Tech are US citizens and Nebulous a US company leaving them open to legal repercussions The devs and higher ups have very public personas with a very active presence on Slack, http://forum.sia.tech/ Reddit, and other social media
Designing ASIC's is really hard and numerous companies have failed to delivered before. This is where it depends on your investment strategy and tolerance for risk. This will differ for everyone and should be thought through based on your current and future life situation. This comes down to how much you believe in the technology to make the leap and if you trust that the ASIC can be made as well as live up to the power being advertised.
Someone else makes an ASIC miner before the Obelisk is released slashing the reward potential. Given the low value of a single SiaCoin and its low visibility to the general public compared to ETH, BTC, LTC, Ripple, etc. it seems unlikely another chip company will throw it's hat in the SiaCoin ASIC game. While this would hurt the miners profit and initial investors of the ASIC it could help shield SiaCoin from 51% attacks as discussed in their blog post on why ASIC's are the direction they are taking the project.
Sia has a large and negative bug/black swan event/publicity making the coin lose so much value that mining Sia becomes poorly profitable This cannot be predicted and when a but or black swan occurs it will more than likely not only affect Sia, but the market as a whole, as we have seen over the past month since hitting record highs.
The $2,500 used to buy the ASIC could have been put into another currency (e.g. ETH, BTC, LTC, etc) during this dip which in turn 5x's by the time the obelisk is released. Example: $2500 into ETH and 1 year from now it is worth $10,000. Nice profit, but when do you sell and when do you Hodl? In the current situations this seems pretty unlikely but the crypto world is crazy and may flatten out once the Bitcoin power struggle has sorted itself out. If the market 5x's then SiaCoin would likely increase as well as we have seen a lot of correlation with the major coins during every swing. As resources grow investors look for items to diversify into and as it contracts everyone goes back to the pillars of the economy.
Rundown by the Numbers
No one can predict where the price of SiaCoin will be in 9-12 months but to get an idea of how much SC the ASIC miner will be able to generate, you can visit https://obelisk.tech/ and use their simple calculator to predict a rough cost/profit analysis. Using the assumption that 4000 Obelisk's are sold the expected monthly mining reward per ASIC is 150,000 SiaCoins for the month of June 2018. For the sake of this analysis we will also assume that electricity is at a rate of .15 KW/H which is roughly $55 a month to run the Obelisk. Since the block rewards decrease every block by an increment of 1 this equates to 4,320 in a month and we can use the following chart to estimate what it will look like after a year.
Cost
---- Electricity Obelisk June 2018 $55.00 $2,500 July 2018 $55.00 $0 August 2019 $55.00 $0 September 2019 $55.00 $0 October 2019 $55.00 $0 November 2019 $55.00 $0 December 2019 $55.00 $0 January 2019 $55.00 $0 February 2019 $55.00 $0 March 2019 $55.00 $0 April 2019 $55.00 $0 May 2019 $55.00 $0 ---- --------- ---------- ---- $660 $2,500
First Year Cost -> $2,500 + $660 = $3,100
Revenue
Block Rewards - Found at http://siapulse.com/page/market
Daily Block Reward -> Block Reward * 6 blocks an hour * 24 hours
Daily Estimated Reward (SC) -> Daily Block Reward / 4,000 This number is based on the assumption that 4,000 Obelisks are in use, this estimate can change based on the total number of Obelisk's being used.
Monthly Estimated Reward (SC) -> Daily Estimate * 30 days
Current Price (BTC-SC) -> 0.00000300 BTC
Speculative Price (BTC-SC) -> 0.00000500 BTC
---- Block Reward Daily Block Reward Daily Estimated Reward (SC) June 2018 138,900 20,001,600 5,000 July 2018 134,580 19,379,520 4,845 August 2019 130,260 18,757,440 4,689 September 2019 125,940 18,135,360 4,534 October 2019 121,620 17,513,280 4,378 November 2019 117,300 16,891,200 4,223 December 2019 112,980 16,269,120 4,067 January 2019 108,660 15,647,040 3,912 February 2019 104,340 15,024,960 3,756 March 2019 100,020 14,402,880 3,601 April 2019 95,700 13,780,800 3,445 May 2019 91,380 13,158,720 3,290
---- Monthly Estimated Reward (SC) Current Price (BTC) Speculative Price (BTC) June 2018 50,012.00 0.45003600 0.75006 July 2018 145,346.40 0.43603920 0.726732 August 2019 140,680.80 0.42204240 0.703404 September 2019 136,015.20 0.40804560 0.680076 October 2019 131,349.60 0.39404880 0.656748 November 2019 126,684.00 0.38005200 0.63342 December 2019 122,018.40 0.36605520 0.610092 January 2019 117,352.80 0.35205840 0.586764 February 2019 112,687.20 0.33806160 0.563436 March 2019 108,021.60 0.32406480 0.540108 April 2019 103,356.00 0.31006800 0.51678 May 2019 98,690.40 0.29607120 0.493452 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 1,492,214.40 4.47664320 7.461072
BTC ~ $2,300 Current SC Price -> 4.5 BTC * $2,300 = $10,350 Speculative SC Price -> 7.5 BTC * $2,300 = $17,250
Profit
Current SC Price -> $10,350 - $3,160 = $7,190
Speculative SC Price -> $17,250 - $3,160 = $14,090
Like everything in the cryptosphere, this is entirely speculative (i.e. gamble) but doing some basic math to analyze the options can put things in perspective. Like most miners out there, it all comes down to the price of the underlying coin and expected monthly reward to know the value of your investment. Whether or not you Hodl till the uptick or sell to Bitcoin to protect is up to you.
Tip Jar
Ten thousand assists, the milestone Steve Nash reached on Tuesday night, is a lot of passes. It also means a lot of players on the receiving end of those assists. SBNation.com's Seth Rosenthal joked about the extensive group, but thanks to the wonder that is NBA StatsCube, Tom Haberstroh was actually able to compile the full list of all 124 players Nash has assisted among their 10,005 (and counting) career assists.
You can check out a visual of Nash's most frequent targets below, but here are some highlights:
The player on the other end of the most Nash assists was, naturally, former pick-and-roll partner Amar'e Stoudemire, the only player to top 1,000 assists (1,155). That means Nash has more assists just to Stoudemire than their replacement in Phoenix, Goran Dragic, has in their entire career (1,124).
Nash might still be most connected to Dirk Nowitzki (797), who checks in third after Shawn Marion (823). But because Nowitzki has the ability to create their own shot, they never got 200 assists from Nash in a single season, a mark Marcin Gortat reached last season despite the lockout-shortened season.
The most amusing group might be the 10 players Nash assisted precisely once. It includes not only Dennis Rodman, during Rodman's short-lived stint with the Dallas Mavericks in 1999-00, but also Sam Cassell (who played 22 games in Phoenix before being dealt to Dallas as part of the package for Jason Kidd) and former Dallas and Brooklyn head coach Avery Johnson.
Naturally, the list also includes one mayor (Kevin Johnson, six; not Fred Hoiberg).
Lakers forward Antawn Jamison wins the award for longest period between Nash assists. They got 107 as a member of the Mavericks in 2002-03, plus two so far this season with the Los Angeles Lakers.
Nash has assisted 27 All-Stars: Cassell, Jamison, Johnson, Kidd, Marion, Nowitzki, Rodman, Stoudemire, Kobe Bryant, Vince Carter, Michael Finley, Pau Gasol, Tim Hardaway, Grant Hill, Dwight Howard, Josh Howard, Juwan Howard, Joe Johnson, Christian Laettner, Danny Manning, Antonio McDyess, Shaquille O'Neal, Michael Redd, Clifford Robinson, Nick Van Exel, Antoine Walker and Metta World Peace.
Powered by Tableau
Buffalo Bills Playoff Chances Beat Miami 42-17, lottery seed down 0.9 to 24 6-10-0 .375 Add your own league How are these numbers calculated? Lottery We are out of the playoffs. Here are the big games and what ifs for draft seeds.
Although it might be more fun to go down swinging. Big Games Week of 12/15 100.0* Lottery seed Buffalo 14 Detroit 13 -1.9 NY Giants 0 Tennessee 17 -0.2 Pittsburgh 17 New England 10 +0.1 San Francisco 26 Seattle 23 +0.1 Baltimore 20 Tampa Bay 12 -0.1 Jacksonville 13 Washington 16 -0.1 NY Jets 22 Houston 29 -0.1 Atlanta 40 Arizona 14 +0.1 Cincinnati 30 Oakland 16 -0.1 Carolina 9 New Orleans 12 -0.1 Week of 12/22 100.0* Lottery seed New England 24 Buffalo 12 +0.6 Miami 7 Jacksonville 17 +0.3 Detroit 9 Minnesota 27 -0.2 Indianapolis 28 NY Giants 27 -0.2 Dallas 27 Tampa Bay 20 -0.2 Tennessee 25 Washington 16 -0.1 Philadelphia 32 Houston 30 +0.1 NY Jets 38 Green Bay 44 +0.1 Carolina 10 Atlanta 24 +0.0 San Francisco 9 Chicago 14 -0.0 Week of 12/30 100.0* Lottery seed Buffalo 42 Miami 17 -1.9 Green Bay 0 Detroit 31 +0.4 New Orleans 14 Carolina 33 +0.4 NY Giants 35 Dallas 36 -0.2 Denver 9 LA Chargers 23 -0.1 Baltimore 26 Cleveland 24 -0.1 Kansas City 35 Oakland 3 -0.1 Minnesota 10 Chicago 24 +0.1 Houston 20 Jacksonville 3 -0.1 LA Rams 48 San Francisco 32 -0.0 Tampa Bay 32 Atlanta 34 -0.0 Games Above .500 Chance Will Make Playoffs
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's hard to believe that the highest bid Liverpool FC received for Luis Suarez back in the summer was £40million plus £1 from Arsenal.
It's no wonder the owners scoffed at that valuation because Suarez is worth more than double that.
Gareth Bale, who went from Tottenham to Real Madrid for £85million, is a quality player but he's no Suarez.
The fact is that if the Uruguayan hadn't picked up that long ban last season they would have been Player of the Year and they would have won the Golden Boot.
He's worth more than Bale and Saturday's phenomenal hat-trick against West Brom proved that.
My favourite goal was their second. I know from experience that to score a header from the edge of the box takes some doing.
The ball in from Aly Cissokho was mis-hit but the way Suarez met it was pure instinct. To put it in the top corner from there, I can't tell you how difficult that is.
It was one of the best goals I've ever seen and no goalkeeper in the world would have saved that.
We are used to seeing stuff like that from Suarez because he's a magician. They have put themselves through a lot but they have come back a better player.
If you perform like that and score goals then fans will always forgive what's gone on in the past.
When I signed for Real Sociedad a lot of their fans didn't want me there as I was the first non-Basque player ever to sign for them. But after I scored two goals against Barcelona they accepted me!
Once the window shut I never doubted whether Suarez would be fully committed. They don't know any other way to play.
They were never going to do what Torres did when they wanted out and cheat the fans.
This fella is the business and has a hunger and desire which is different to other players. Aside from their three goals on Saturday, they never stopped running.
Everything is going great at the moment but I'd be lying if I said I didn't fear we'll lose Suarez next summer. No matter how much you get, how do you try to replace someone like him?
Brendan Rodgers is building something and we're improving all the time. I just hope Suarez can see that and they do agree to stay beyond next summer. If we get in the Champions League maybe they will sign a new contract.
The bottom line is that a player of their calibre and quality deserves to be playing in the Champions League.
If we don't get in the top four then they will be off – I think everyone knows and accepts that.
Suarez has struck up a great understanding with Daniel Sturridge and they clearly love playing together.
After a quiet first half, Sturridge really came to life on Saturday and what a chip that was for their goal. The way they took that on just shows the confidence of the lad and our front two are absolutely buzzing.
Duo's golden chance
IF Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge both stay fit and avoid suspensions then I really fancy one of them to win the Golden Boot.
As a striker you have to strive for that. I always wanted to win it and one of the proudest moments of my career was when I was presented with it on the turf at Anfield in 1988.
When you are paid to score goals, getting more than anyone else is a great feeling.
There's a healthy rivalry between Suarez and Sturridge and they'll spur each other on.
As a striker I could be selfish – I'd see the whites of the goal and forget what was around me. But these two look for each other around the 18-yard box and help each other out.
New findings by a Johns Hopkins University-led team reveal long unknown details about carbon deep beneath the Earth's surface and suggest ways this subterranean carbon might have influenced the history of life on the planet.
The team also developed a new, related theory about how diamonds form in the Earth's mantle.
For decades, scientists had little understanding of how carbon behaved deep below the Earth's surface even as they learned more and more about the element's vital role at the planet's crust. Using a model created by Johns Hopkins geochemist Dimitri Sverjensky, Sverjensky, Vincenzo Stagno of the Carnegie Institution of Washington, and Fang Huang, a Johns Hopkins graduate student, became the first to calculate how much carbon and what types of carbon exist in fluids at 100 miles below the Earth's surface at temperatures up to 2,100 degrees F.
In an article published this week in the journal Nature Geoscience, Sverjensky and their team demonstrate that in addition to the carbon dioxide and methane already documented deep in subduction zones, there exists a rich variety of organic carbon species that could spark the formation of diamonds and perhaps even become food for microbial life.
"It is a very exciting possibility that these deep fluids might transport building blocks for life into the shallow Earth," said Sverjensky, a professor in the Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences in the Krieger School. "This may be a key to the origin of life itself."
Sverjensky's theoretical model, called the Deep Earth Water model, allowed the team to determine the chemical makeup of fluids in the Earth's mantle, expelled from descending tectonic plates. Some of the fluids, those in equilibrium with mantle peridotite minerals, contained the expected carbon dioxide and methane. But others, those in equilibrium with diamonds and eclogitic minerals, contained dissolved organic carbon species including a vinegar-like acetic acid.
These high concentrations of dissolved carbon species, previously unknown at great depth in the Earth, suggest they are helping to ferry large amounts of carbon from the subduction zone into the overlying mantle wedge where they are likely to alter the mantle and affect the cycling of elements back into the Earth's atmosphere.
The team also suggested that these mantle fluids with dissolved organic carbon species could be creating diamonds in a previously unknown way. Scientists have long believed diamond formation resulted through chemical reactions starting with either carbon dioxide or methane. The organic species offer a range of different starting materials, and an entirely new take on the creation of the gemstones.
The research is part of a 10-year global project to further understanding of carbon on Earth called the (Deep Carbon Observatory)[https://deepcarbon.net/]. The work is funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation.
{!hitembed ID=”hitembed_1″ width=”350″ height=”197″ align=”right” !}
Ben Bernanke's speech on the economy today offered no new information. It was more of an overview on the state of the economy, and it hit on many very familiar themes which Bernanke has expressed for a long time now, including the need to loosen lending standards in a type of reinflation of the housing bubble, which infuriates me. But give Bernanke credit for actually depicting the economy as it is rather than as someone hopes it to be; a weak economy with troublingly high unemployment. In other words, the wrong time to engage in a fiscal cutback through austerity.
All you need to know is this quote: “The consensus among my colleagues on the FOMC is that the unemployment rate is still well above its longer-run sustainable level, perhaps by 2 to 2-1/2 percentage points or so.” That sets out a long-run normal unemployment level at around 5.5-6%, which still sounds a bit high for my taste. But it basically expresses the position that policymakers have failed, because four years after the Great Recession, unemployment remains that elevated. I know about all the charts showing the relative success of the United States when paired both against other industrialized economies and against the standard set by other countries gripped by financial crises. But the reason that most countries are so slow to bounce back from financial crises has a lot to do with their own bad policies undertaken as a response. Just because the US has employed marginally less bad policies doesn't mean that we should declare victory.
As an example, take a look at this statistic:
Although many of these consumers are on better financial footing and optimistic about their economic future this year, the holidays are still a source of stress and strain on their precarious finances, Think Finance said in the poll. Some 45 percent of those polled said the holiday season brings so much financial pressure, they would prefer to skip it altogether. Almost half said their level of stress related to holiday expenses is high or extremely high. That's probably because nearly the same amount — some 45 percent — say they do not expect to have enough money set aside to cover holiday expenses.
That's actually better than last year, when 45% of the country does not have the money for holiday expenses, there's an underlying problem of weakness.
Bernanke will continue the monetary easing undertaken as a response to a weak economy, and may employ more direct forward guidance, as intimated by the identification of the preferred level of unemployment here. But even with these items baked in, the prospects for the economy in 2013 include growth too weak to bring down that unemployment rate. That's in part due to the failure of fiscal policy, which Bernanke signals here:
Although fiscal policy at the federal level was quite expansionary during the recession and early in the recovery, as the recovery proceeded, the support provided for the economy by federal fiscal actions was increasingly offset by the adverse effects of tight budget conditions for state and local governments. In response to a large and sustained decline in their tax revenues, state and local governments have cut about 600,000 jobs on net since the third quarter of 2008 while reducing real expenditures for infrastructure projects by 20 percent. More recently, the situation has to some extent reversed: The drag on economic growth from state and local fiscal policy has diminished as revenues have improved, easing the pressures for further spending cuts or tax increases. In contrast, the phasing-out of earlier stimulus programs and policy actions to reduce the federal budget deficit have led federal fiscal policy to begin restraining GDP growth. Indeed, under almost any plausible scenario, next year the drag from federal fiscal policy on GDP growth will outweigh the positive effects on growth from fiscal expansion at the state and local level […] Even as fiscal policymakers address the urgent issue of longer-run fiscal sustainability, they should not ignore a second key objective: to avoid unnecessarily adding to the headwinds that are already holding back the economic recovery.
Bernanke's what I like to call a soft fiscal hawk: they prefer the barbell approach, with no fiscal tightening in the near term (I don't think he's gone so far as to call for fiscal stimulus) with real tightening in the long term. The only thing I'll grant them is the honesty to say that austerity at this time would be crippling.
Plenty of companies have had to apologize publicly. Usually, the public relations team makes sure the word “wrong,” an admittance of fault, stays out of the equation.
But Kickstarter's apology for not defunding a Reddit pick-up artist's book project is one of the best mea culpas in Internet history. After a viral blog post by comedian Casey Malone criticized Ken Hoinsky's crowdfunded Above the Game: A Guide to Getting Awesome With Women, citing questionable advice that verged on sexual assault, a petition on DoSomething.org and a public outcry followed.
Kickstarter initially said last week that it would not pull the page before its deadline. The creator would be allowed to receive the more than $16,000 they made on the site. But on Friday, the company admitted, “We Were Wrong.” Kickstarter issued a statement saying had it had more time, it would have taken down the offending project.
Now Above the Game author Ken Hoinsky admits he's done some soul-searching as well.
There were two reasons Kickstarter didn't cancel the project:
1) The decision had to be made immediately because the project was ending in two hours, and the site had never removed a project that quickly.
2) The site is biased heavily toward creators. “This thinking made us miss the forest for the trees,” the company wrote. “Kickstarter is committed to a culture of respect.”
The site says that if it'd seen the offending parts of Hoinsky's proposed book, the company would have never allowed it to remain up. “There is no taking back money from the project or canceling funding after the fact,” the statement says. Kickstarter has now taken down the page, but a version remains cached for posterity. Kickstarter is prohibiting future seduction guides, effective immediately. The company will also donate $25,000 to RAINN, the Rape, Abuse, and Incest National Network.
The response to Kickstarter's change of heart has been mostly positive. It's a much more thorough, heartfelt apology than Paula Deen's or Serena Williams's.
To some, the failure to take down Hoinsky's page is unforgivable. For others, the labeling of the guide as “violence against women” went too far. But mostly, Kickstarter put out a beautiful work of PR magic. And RAINN will make a chunk of much-needed money.
It's more than an apology: It's an amazing learning opportunity for the men of Reddit's r/seduction. Their community hasn't ever seen this kind of scrutiny and negative attention before. Articles ran with headlines such as “Kickstarter apologizes for $16K raised by misogynistic ‘seduction guide' creep” and “Does this guide teach men to rape?” Yikes.
This morning, Hoinsky issued their own updated apology. It's promising.
“In the most offensive and controversial parts, I chose my words poorly. Very, very poorly,” they wrote. “I meant one thing and people were reading another. THIS IS A MAJOR PROBLEM. I needed to seriously evaluate every last word of my writing to make sure I wasn't encouraging sexual assault in any way, shape, or form. I want to wholeheartedly apologize to everyone I offended.”
Hoinsky also says they met with Ben Kassoy of DoSomething.org, whose petition to ban the project from Kickstarter received 50,000 signatures in one day. Kassoy's was one of “many meetings I will be having with anti-rape and anti-abuse organizations and experts to make sure that the advice I am offering is free of any tinge of sexual assault or rape vibes. I will be rewriting Above the Game under their guidance and insight,” Hoinsky wrote. “My name may have been martyred in the press, but I will be using this opportunity for good.” They will also be doing an AMA on Reddit this afternoon to further the dialogue on the intersection of men's dating advice and feminist issues.
If the men of Reddit's r/seduction learn anything from Kickstarter's turnaround and from Hoinsky's proactive and thoughtful apology, it should be that a necessary conversation has been started here, and if you choose to engage with it and expand your knowledge, growth, and change are possible in big ways.
“To be, or not to be—that is the question.”
Those might be the most famous words in all of English literature. But are they the original words in "Hamlet?"
That is also the question, and just one of the many things you'll encounter at the exhibit “Shakespeare Unauthorized” at the Boston Public Library, which includes some of the earliest and rarest surviving copies of Shakespeare's greatest works.
Jay Moschella, the curator of the exhibit, joined Boston Public Radio to discuss the collection.
JIM BRAUDE: You have one of the largest Shakespeare collections anywhere. Why did I not know this?
JAY MOSCHELLA: We have a major, world-class Shakespeare collection. We have the first major Shakespeare collection in the United States. This is something that's been with the BPL since 1873. It's not a new development. It's a worldwide center of scholarship…We purchased it from a very major collector who was in the circle of Andrew Jackson, a wealthy country gentleman who spent their whole life in the 19th century building a personal collection of Shakespeare, going around Europe scouring auction houses there. They put this whole thing together himself. It was their life's work. They died in 1869 and through a complicated series of intrigues, the city put together the funding to buy it from their widow a few years later.
BRAUDE: This is the 400th anniversary of Shakespeare's death, and the city also did something to commemorate the 300th year. How high-profile has Shakespeare and the stuff you have been when you've not been doing a major terrific show like this one here?
MOSCHELLA: It's high-profile for scholars and people coming to use it. People from Boston don't necessarily always know we have these collections. We're not a museum, so we don't have these things on exhibit all the time. They're not the kinds of things you'd walk through and see. We provide a different kind of service. The visibility is not always the same.
MARGERY EAGAN: Tell us about this "First Folio" that's significant.
MOSCHELLA: This is one of the more exciting things here. It's one of the very few rare books that exists in popular culture, the "First Folio," like the Gutenberg Bible. This was the first collected edition of Shakespeare's works. It was printed seven years after their death. Those facts don't sound inherently exciting on their own, but what the "First Folio" was was essentially the first edition of half of Shakespeare's plays. It's one book, you can see it in the gallery right now. It's the first edition of "Macbeth," for example. It's the first edition of "The Tempest" and of "Julius Caesar." What goes beyond in importance is those 18 plays, it's reasonable to assume, would have been lost if not printed in this particular book. Most of the plays from Shakespeare's era no longer exist.
EAGAN: What does it look like?
MOSCHELLA: It's a printed book. If you see it, you'll recognize it – it contains a very iconic portrait of Shakespeare right on the title page. It has a large engraving. It's about the size of an encyclopedia. It's a beautiful book to see.
BRAUDE: This was written after Shakespeare's death, but you also have things that were contemporaneous.
MOSCHELLA: We do. These kinds of books, the individual books of their plays printed during their lifetime, are tremendously rare. We have a significant collection of those and many of them are on display in the hall. For instance, you can see the first edition of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" which is a tiny little book, one of eight copies that exist in the world. There are many things like that on display right now.
BRAUDE: Do you have notes and things of his? Of Shakespeare himself?
MOSCHELLA: Would that we did! One of the interesting backstories about this is that, despite what you might think, Shakespeare—the most important writer in the English language—basically almost none of their handwriting exists. There are 14 words that are undisputedly in their hand, 12 of those are the name “William Shakespeare” written six different times. One of the biographical mysteries or challenges we explore in the exhibition is: how do you know what Shakespeare really wrote if their handwriting doesn't survive?
To hear more from Jay Moschella, tune in to Boston Public Radio above. This transcript has been edited and condensed for clarity.
Postsingular by Rudy Rucker Tor Books, October, 2007.
Page Contents: Summary
Buy the Book
Free Versions!
Writing Notes
Reviews
(This page last updated December 2, 2014.) Summary Postsingular and its sequel, Hylozoic, represent Rucker's return to the cyberpunk style of their classic Ware tetralogy. What will happen after computers become as smart as humans and nanotechnology takes on the power of magic? Earth will enter a postdigital age, more postsingular than anyone ever imagined. Nature will come alive. Buy the Book Buy the Tor Books paperback online from Amazon. Tor's commercial ebook is available in Kindle, and in the EPUB format. Free Versions! I have placed free Creative Commons licensed versions of Postsingular online, including MOBI (for Kindle), EPUB (for all other e-readers), HTML (for reading online), and the old-school PDF format.
See my Postsingular CC Download page. Writing Notes Download (or read online) the 2.5 Meg PDF file postsingularnotesposted.pdf, a 300 page document containing the working notes for the book. The document inlcudes drawings, plus internal and external hyperlinks. Reviews "Rudy Rucker should be declared a National Treasure of American Science Fiction. Someone simultaneously channels Kurt Gödel and Lenny Bruce might start to approximate full-on Ruckerian warp-space, but without the sweet, human, splendidly goofy Rudy-ness at the core of the singularity."
--- William Gibson, author of Pattern Recognition "Rudy Rucker is the most consistently brilliant imagination working in SF today"
--- Charles Stross, author of Accelerando "Rudy Rucker never fails to leave me breathless. . . Reading one of their stories is like a reset button on reality: when it's over, the whole universe looks slightly different...and much stranger."
--Spider Robinson, author of Night of Power
Alt-cultural folk strive to save Earth from digitized doom in this novel from the prince of gonzo SF. A computer mogul's threat to replace messy reality with clean virtuality and by a memory-hungry artificial intelligence called the Big Pig propels nanotechnologist Ond Lutter, their autistic son, Chu, and their allies on an interdimensional quest for a golden harp, the Lost Chord, strung with hypertubes that can unroll the eighth dimension and unleash limitless computing power. ... Rucker favors the flower power of San Francisco over the number crunching of Silicon Valley. Their novel vibrates with the warm rhythms of dream and imagination, not the cold logic of programming ... Playing with the math of quantum computing, encryption and virtual reality, Rucker places their faith in people who find true reality "gnarly" enough to love.
--- Publisher's Weekly (C) Reed Business Information. Always willing and able to embrace sf's trendiest themes, Rucker here takes on the volatile field of nanotechnology and the presumed inevitable "singularity" of human and computer unification. In a series of interrelated vignettes, they describe the calamity that befalls nanotech inventor Ond Lutter and their would-be benefactors when Ond unleashes a variety of self-replicating nanobots. In one episode, trillions of microscopic bots, dubbed nants, chew up Mars to create a colossal Dyson Sphere orbiting the sun. When the nants move on to Earth to transform every living being into a virtual-reality doppelganger, Ond saves the day with a nant-busting virus. The real fun begins, however, when Ond "improves" on the nants with apparently benign nanobots, called orphids, that blanket every surface and provide plugged-in users three-dimensional access to every conceivable scrap of knowledge and experience. ... Their devoted fans and dazzled newcomers to them will revel in their willingness to push technological extrapolation to its soaring limits.
--- Carl Hays, Booklist When it comes to unique voices in science fiction, few can claim to have quite as distinctive a style as Rudy Rucker. Postsingular is packed full of the larger-than-life weirdness that has become their trademark; classic genre tropes and clichés rub shoulders with mathematical theorems and wild technological speculation, delivered in prose that captures the the languid vibe and hippie undercurrents of California. ... Rucker's quick-draw style acts as a sleight-of-hand that allows them to slip some of sf's biggest tropes and ideas beneath the reader's radar, as well as touching some very human character aspects that are often skipped over (or, worse still, rendered tiresome) by the pens of others. Postsingular has all the bells and whistles that only a computing professor could provide, but never at the expense of the story.
---Paul Raven, Interzone Rudy Rucker's new novel Postsingular is pure Rucker: a dope-addled exploration of the way-out fringes of string theory and the quantum universe that distorts the possible into the most improbable contortions... A kick-ass, weird-ass post-cyberpunk novel...This is one of the most fun, strangest, most thought-provoking sf novels I've read.
---Cory Doctorow, BoingBoing and BoingBoing(two reviews) This book is densely written...yet also captivatingly plotted for sheer narrative verve and laced with plenty of humor and suspense. Walking a tightrope between information overload and thriller action, the book captures the heady zip, zest and buzz of the post-singular milieu, a world where miracles are commonplace but structured logically to provide real challenges, risks and triumphs.
---Paul DiFilippo, SciFi.com Rucker writes with a hyperactive level of inventiveness that seems to owe bits in equal measure to Lewis Carroll, William Burroughs, and Ray Kurzweil. Rucker can be enormous fun to read, and there are some stunningly bold ideas here.
---Gary K. Wolfe, Locus Any true singularity pretty much by definition has to be so over-the-top that it would stun present-day minds. This is over-the-top as only Rudy Rucker can do it.
---Tom Easton, Analog It's fast-paced and subversive: nanomachines dismantle all life on Earth and send everyone to a virtual world, and you're still only on page 20. Postsingular turns the singularity, the mythical moment when we all transcend our humanity and become cyberer, into something much weirder and more ambivalent. Just as other cyberfiction is becoming more cautious in its predictions, Rucker takes wilder and wilder leaps into outer possibility.
---Charlie Jane Anders, San Francisco Bay Guardian Postsingular is hugely enjoyable. It's never boring, and never gets bogged down in difficult info-dumps. Rucker's ideas are simple and elegant, despite the complex thinking behind them shown in their working notes. Exotic concepts such as shoons, orhipds, beezie and a universe 1.8 Planck lengths away in another dimension all seem natural and logical without the need for dense scientification to justify them. Highly recommended, and when you're done take a look at the working notes for further insight into Rucker's ideas and inspirations.
---Patrick Hudson, The Zone Rudy Rucker is well-loved for tons of things, but I am totally in love with their characters. Not since Philip K. Dick has there been an author more able to drill down to what exactly makes us human and expose it for everyone to see. Postsingular—which deals mostly with society's total, overnight change and the people who get mixed up in it—has an unbelievably awesome, unbelievably human cast of characters, from the dumpy scientist to their autistic genius son, to the street kids who have huge dreams and small ambition. Every word of dialogue is pitch-perfect, and along with a fairly adventurous interdimensional plot, Postsingular is my favorite Rucker book in years.
—Ryun Patterson, Bookgasm, Best Sci-Fi Books of 2007 (Reviews of Rudy Rucker's Other Books)
The chairperson of the New Black Panther Party has announced plans for an armed protest at the Republican convention next week in Cleveland, according to Reuters.
“If it is an open state to carry, we will exercise our Second Amendment rights because there are other groups threatening to be there that are threatening to do harm to us,” Hashim Nzinga told Reuters in an interview published Tuesday.
“If that state allows us to bear arms, the Panthers and the others who can legally bear arms will bear arms,” they added.
Officials in Ohio have said it will be legal for armed demonstrators to gather outside the convention at the Quicken Loans Arena under the state's “open carry” laws, Reuters reported.
The group's announcement came just five days after lone gunman Micah Xavier Johnson killed five police officers at a Black Lives Matter rally in Dallas. The People's New Black Panther Party, a black nationalist group, said Johnson had attended several of their meetings in Dallas.
Mr. Nzinga condemned the cop killings as a “massacre” and said their group played no role in the attack, Reuters reported.
Several other groups, including some supporters of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, have planned armed demonstrations as well, leading to concerns about rival groups carrying weapons in close proximity to one another, Reuters reported.
“Obviously, everybody is on edge after Dallas,” Brian Kazy, a member of the Cleveland City Council and its Safety Committee, told The New York Times. “If you had some mass confusion, even if you had a civilian who was carrying who would attempt to help out, I think the mentality of any law enforcement officer would see an individual with a gun, would see an individual possibly shoot and would react to that.”
Stephen Loomis, president of the Cleveland Police Patrolmen's Association, said they strongly support the right to bear arms but is urging demonstrators at the convention to leave their firearms at home.
“The last thing in the world we need is anybody walking around here with AR-15s strapped to their back,” they told The Times. “And the absolute tragedy in Dallas is proof positive that we just cannot allow that to happen. I would really just beg these folks, just leave your guns at home. Come, say whatever it is that you want to say, make whatever point it is that you want to make, but it's going to be very, very difficult to deal with the RNC as it is.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Saturday
4. Bread Alone | 9 a.m.
The Bloomfield neighborhood's Little Italy strip is a bit of a sleepy area these days, but just around the corner a former slaughterhouse is now home to the aromatic Bread and Salt Bakery. The baker Rick Easton turns out perfect versions of classic Italian breads like pane antico, made with locally grown wheat. You can have it spread with butter and blood orange marmalade ($5), or opt for Roman-style pizza taglio — long and flat loaves topped with delectable options like radicchio and Gorgonzola. The pizza is priced per pound (at $17 a pound), so measure your hunger and point out how big a slice you'd like to cut off and heated up.
5. Makers' Mart | 11 a.m.
Local artisans show off their wares at Pageboy, a Lawrenceville storefront with a boutique in front and hair salon in back. Browse for goods like the Ardent Forager's flannel cowboy shirts ($24) or RagTrader's tie tacks made from typewriter keys ($17). Stroll up Butler Street and pop into an assortment of indie boutiques, with offerings that include reclaimed finds at Pittsburgh Furniture Company and local souvenirs like a tote ($21) and a Pittsburgh-proud black-and-gold knit scarf ($35) at Wildcard.
6. Go Wild | 3 p.m.
A pair of local brothers who provide many Pittsburgh restaurants with found food items opened Wild Purveyors Kitchen and Market. The edible items on sale may include pickled wild chicken mushrooms ($7.25), whole rabbits ($8.99 a pound), finishing salts amped up with locally foraged wild ramps ($9) or whatever else is currently blooming in the Pennsylvania wilderness. Pop into the adjoining Wild Side Pub, a collaboration with Full Pint Brewing, for a taste of creative brews like their Cherry Berliner Weisse.
7. Good for What Ails You | 6 p.m.
From the boar's head mounted on a wall to the wood-carved pigs on a ledge, it's clear that Cure is serious about pork. The chef, Justin Severino, works with nearby farms to create a daily changing meat-centric menu. Charcuterie plates venture far beyond your typical prosciutto trio; instead, you might find nduja — a creamy Calabrian spreadable sausage — along with smoky duck speck and salami cured in Fernet and olive oil. Just as delightful are fresh pastas like a gentle gnudi made with squid ink and powdered leek tops, swimming in a lamb heart Bolognese with a pillow of smoked goat cheese and mint on top. Dinner for two is about $120.
8. Movie Madness | 9 p.m.
A quirky lineup of films is shown at the single-screen Row House Cinema while brews from Pittsburgh and beyond are stocked at the adjoining Atlas Bottle Works, a beer shop featuring over 500 selections that you can buy and bring into the theater. Recent screenings have ranged from a Mel Brooks retrospective to “Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo” and singalong screenings of “Chicago” and the “South Park” movie.
In the last article I mentioned how if we want to manifest directly what we program ourselves to do, we must get junk out of the way that keeps us from sending out clear signals. I called it finding our own zero point. That meant deleting old programs that no longer serve us to get back to the roots of our amazing potential as super-human biological entities. I say super-human because today we´ll examine how our very biological design enables us to interface with our holographic reality to create experiences.
To get a grip on what you are sending out (and getting back), it helps to have an understanding of how the human body works. In a nutshell, we are like transistor radios and our chips are DNA. Did you know about the tremendous potential for cellular DNA to replace traditional silicon chips in new computer processors? Apparently this is a very hot topic because DNA has a far higher storage capacity. It´s innate natural design mimics our silicon chips. So only in this one way, is the human form akin to a biological computer.
But I don´t want to reduce the human being to a machine! Not only can we contemplate ourselves, we can design, learn, interpret, transcend rules, and most importantly, we can feel. What kind of computer do you know that can feel? We are not computers. And while I don´t need to list all the ways that the human body baffles scientists, doctors, athletes and artists alike to convince you of our highly sophisticated design, I do recommend regularly observing the wonders of the human body. Given this sophistication, how unlikely is it that given the right coding and environment, we wouldn´t be able to manifest what we want? It would be like having an amazing computer processor that couldn´t handle running the internet.
Speaking of the world wide web, the earth uses an electrical grid of pure crystalline light to run its holographic programs. This crystalline grid encircles the earth in the shape of a net, connecting humans, animals, nature and all living creatures within a certain frequency band. The net itself sustains the holographic frequency of the gestalt of our collective consciousness. It comprises the sacred geometry behind form here on earth, much like how a steel frame forms the skeleton for a building. Human beings are able to plug into the grid, either to power it with our collective thoughts and feelings, or ride it much like a surfer rides a wave.
As electrical beings, humans receive and send out signals. Look at your skin, full of nerve receptors. When we touch a hot stove, those sensory receptors register the impulse, which then travels via the nervous system to the human brain. The human brain then decodes the signal into heat, and then it sends out another signal so that we remove our hand from the stove. This is all done at amazing speed and without conscious thinking!
Similarly, our brain organizes information that is collected via our visual organs and the smooth coordination of these processes is what enables us to perceive what´s around us. If you really want to contemplate the brain´s function as a descrambler of signals, I suggest reading the case studies compiled in The Man Who Mistook Their Wife for a Hat, by Oliver Sacks. Holograms work in a similar function. To read more about the ground-breaking discovery of how our universe may be holographic, Michael Talbot´s Holographic Universe is the go-to guide.
Being aware of how our body and brain works from a scientific point of view combined with the knowledge of how we interact with the ecosystem of Earth can help us not only as individuals, but as a species! Humans need to begin to contemplate and appreciate the sophistication of their biological design. Perhaps this would lead us to start acting like the powerful beings they are instead of the helpless victims of our circumstances we are programmed to believe- a philosophy perpetuated by both science and religion, two of the most undeserving “authorities” of our societies to receive our blind allegiance.
Darwin´s Theory of Evolution is a theory, it is not a scientific law, yet many scientists and professors perpetuate its fallacy, willfully ignoring its discrepancies- not to mention mathematical improbability. My view is that this is a direct result of the scientific community´s inability to bridge science with spirituality or even metaphysics. (Thankfully there is one man, physician and scientist, Dr. Georgi Stankov, who is actively trying to change that. You can read about their theory of Universal Law in English and in German here.) There is also evidence that scientific law has hardly changed at all since the 1700s. We still undisputedly follow Newton´s law of gravity, for example, despite our having much more sophisticated tools and an understanding of physics than those available when Newton and their apple were around. Just think about how much your cell phone has changed since 1985 to get an idea of what I mean by this. Is our allegiance to classical theories strictly scientific or fanatical? This is a growing topic in scientific circles, and if you look in the right places you can find more information on how whistleblowers are starting to speak out on the dogma apparent in the scientific arena.
Religion is in much need of reform. I will rant about Christianity because it is the one I have most intimate knowledge of. Christianity dumbs us down in the world view it espouses. You can´t even call it philosophy because it is void of any logical reasoning. Humans are adrift on a planet born of original sin with no way of accessing God except through priests (who may or may not resort to pedophilia to channel their sexual repression), shoveled a mythical creation story in place of a reasonable explanation of our true ancestry, governed by a vengeful, all-seeing God and destined to be judged by them at the end of their one earthly life (there´s no mention of re-incarnation in the bible). Let´s not forget the fear and control mechanism of Hell firmly in place to perpetuate the sadistic notion that god is judgmental and mean- the opposite of what we would expect from a god who created us to occupy their garden of Eden. Christianity is askew with contradictions and misinterpretations, yet it is the most practiced religion in the world.
Christianity, in my opinion, is one of the most disempowering religions since believers are encouraged to give up all their reasoning and questioning. Look at the much quoted phrase “The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away”. Although death is a very prevalent occurrence in our world, we are discouraged from questioning it. Just chalk it up to the whims of an egomaniac in the clouds. Mere mortal man cannot understand god´s mysterious ways.
In my view, both science and religion throughout the ages have been mere control mechanisms thinly veiled as the worship of chaos! Chaos and nonsense is not how our world works. There are physical laws and spiritual laws and when they are bridged together, you´d see how knowing those laws empower human beings and even help to improve quality of life in some cases. Religion is very sneaky in that it mixes half-truths in with the lies to make you feel better about your miserable life. It isn´t called the opium for the masses for nothing. For fundamentalists, if you dare question the gospel, the word of god, well, that´s just blasphemy, and in religious sects there´s nothing worse than being labeled a non-believer. You have to heed the herd mentality.
But why should I give up my (divinely bestowed) reasoning for blind faith? It is high time we took our heritage into our own hands and began to question the flow of information available to us concerning our origins. Just where did we come from? The human prototype just might be one of the most sophisticated designs ever created. I think it´s ludicrous to assume that we evolved from bacteria or single celled organisms just through random mutation. Nor do I buy that we were created from “clay”. The truth has to lie somewhere between these two myths. Could we have been designed by off-world intelligent beings with a knowledge of genetics? Have you ever asked yourself how many different animal species the Earth has and why they are so intelligently designed as to completely adapt to their environment? To me they look like some other world´s tour de force, pieces of art created with great pride and insight.
The next time you watch the dexterity or coordination of a professional ballet dancer or violinist, the next time you watch small children, observing how with time they learn to operate and gain dexterity over their bodies, ask yourself, could the amazing human body just have developed randomly in response to our changing environment? And if so, then why haven´t we developed the ability to transport ourselves to other locations and grown our brains to match the increasing demands of a globalized society? Why haven´t we learned to activate what scientists call our “junk” DNA?
Today I leave you with some big questions to ponder as it is only through the medium of thinking, of using our incredible power of reasoning that we can ever hope to save our planet and its people from its demise. I realize I might sound melodramatic, but the fact remains: we are destroying our planet and societies faster each year. We MUST start acting like the intelligent beings we are, growing up and accepting the responsibility to govern ourselves. No more sticking our heads in the sand and ignoring the signs around us. The future calls for us to engage our big brains and stop giving our power away to outmoded, dogmatic institutions.
In my humble opinion, we can do much better than this.
Love Croaker.
Advertisements
Recently I found myself reading about “subitizing”, which is the process of instinctively counting small sets of items in a fraction of second. For example, try quickly counting a few of these:
The Wikipedia article indicates that you can nearly always correctly count four or fewer items in a small fraction of a second. Above four, you start to make mistakes. I wanted to test this claim in Mathematica (using myself as the test subject). I decided to create a simple game in which small groups of items are momentarily displayed on the screen, after which players estimate how many they saw.
If you have the free Computable Document Format (CDF) browser plugin (or Mathematica 8) installed, then you can play the game right here in your web browser (if you don't have the plugin, you'll just see a placeholder image):
To view the full content of this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
The game keeps track of your successes and failures and plots them as a function of how many items were present and the time you were given to count them.
Creating a game like this in Mathematica is surprisingly easy. In this post I'll show how you can make this one, step by step. Then I'll show the results I obtained by playing it a few hundred times.
Generating “Subitizing” Diagrams
The first thing you need is a way to randomly generate items for the player to count. Here's a function that generates a random point lying within a radius s of the origin:
(The √ and s^2 ensure you get points uniformly distributed in a circular region.)
Now suppose you want to draw each item as a disk at position p with a small radius r. The corresponding Mathematica graphics primitive is Disk [p, r]. Here, then, is a first attempt at a subitizing diagram:
You can immediately see a problem: some of the items are overlapping. Here's a function that tests whether two Disk objects are overlapping by comparing the distance between them ( EuclideanDistance ) to the sum of their radii:
Since you'll have a list of several disks, you want a function that will check every pair of disks to see if any of them overlap:
Using AnyOverlapQ you can repeatedly generate random sets of items until you find a non-overlapping set. Here is a function that uses this method to generate n non-overlapping items, each with a random radius a < r < b:
It uses the one-argument form of While to repeatedly generate items until AnyOverlapQ returns False . Using RandomDiskPoint [1 - b] instead of RandomDiskPoint [1] further ensures that the random items never overlap a boundary of radius 1.
Now you can write a function to generate random subitizing diagrams:
The extra argument colors specify a list of colors to randomly choose from for each item. Riffle is used to combine two lists by alternately taking elements from each:
Here are a couple of examples of using SubitizeDiagram :
Creating the Interactive Game
This will be the interface of the function SubitizeGame :
SubitizeGame[nmax, {a, b}, colors, tmax]
Here nmax is the maximum number of items to be shown in each random diagram and tmax is the maximum time (in seconds) each diagram is to be shown for. (The arguments a, b, and colors specify the minimum size, maximum size, and possible colors of the items, just as above in SubitizingDiagram .)
The flow of the game is as follows: First, show a warning to “get ready”. Second, show a random subitizing diagram for a random (small) length of time. Third, show a panel of buttons to let the player indicate how many items were seen. Finally, record the player's guess along with the correct answer and the amount of times the items were shown, and then move on to the next round.
One handy building block is a function that “flips” from displaying one expression to another after t seconds:
TimedFlip [{e1, e2}, t] displays as e1 for t seconds, then displays as e2 afterward. (The option UpdateInterval -> 0 causes the expression to update as often as possible, which is useful with Dynamic expressions that depend on the current time.)
Here's a “get ready” warning:
It is easiest to implement the panel of buttons that players will use to specify their guess inside the SubitizeGame function, so, without further ado, here is the rest of the code for the game:
There are a few things to notice here: The guessbutton function creates a Button that, when clicked, appends data about the player's guess to a list of results stored in the variable GameResults [nmax, {a, b}, colors, tmax]. (This means you get a different set of recorded results for each distinct set of game parameters nmax, a, b, etc.) Initially the list of results should be empty for every set of game parameters:
The guesspanel function uses Grid and Partition to arrange the buttons in a grid with four columns.
The startnextround function uses a couple of nested TimedFlip objects to create an expression that successively flips between the “Get ready” warning, the diagram, and the panel of buttons. Note that each Button created by guessbutton automatically calls startnextround after it records the guess results.
Finally, note that the only thing actually returned by SubitizeGame is the simple object Dynamic [ display ]. The actual appearance of the game at any given time is totally encapsulated in the value of the display variable. (In this game, display is set to a newly created TimedFlip object after each round.)
Results
I played the game a few hundred times with simple settings in which the items were uniformly sized black disks, the display time was between 0.25 and 0.5 seconds, and there were between 1 and 12 items in each diagram:
SubitizeGame[12, {0.05, 0.05}, {Black}, 0.5]
Here is a visual summary of the results:
( RightWrongScatterPlot uses results from GameResults , and you can see its definition in the downloadable CDF file for this post. It's also used in the version of the game that appears at the top of this post.)
As you can see from the plot above, I didn't make any mistakes identifying the number of items when there were four or fewer of them. With five items I made a few mistakes, mainly when I didn't have much time to look at the diagram. For six or more items, I made at least some mistakes right up to 0.5 seconds.
Here's my overall accuracy as a function of the number of items:
Unsurprisingly, it degrades pretty steadily as the number of items grows.
An interesting variant on the graph above is to plot overall accuracy as a function of my guess of the number of items:
There is a large edge effect at 12 items. I think this arose because I knew that there were always 12 or fewer items, never 13 or 14. That makes it a “safer” guess than the others.
Finally, here's a plot of how much larger my guess was, on average, than the number of items:
As you can see, I tended to overestimate smaller numbers of items and underestimate larger numbers of items. I don't know why.
At this point I should emphasize that the results I'm showing in this blog post were certainly not produced under controlled lab conditions! Rather, they were produced by me while I was writing the game shown above. (By reading this blog post, you've probably also spoiled any chance of doing a properly controlled test on yourself—you'd better recruit some oblivious volunteers.)
There are lots of other things you could investigate using this simple game or variations of it: Are colorful dots easier or harder to count than black ones? Does the size of the items matter (including whether they are uniformly sized)? Is it easier to count larger groups of items when they happen to be clustered together into identifiable smaller groups, compared with when they are fairly evenly distributed over the diagram? What about counting regularly arranged items instead of randomly placed items?
Download the CDF file for this post and give it a try!
Click here to download this post as a Computable Document Format (CDF) file. The downloadable CDF file also contains some extra material and source code not shown in this web version. To open the CDF file you need Mathematica 8 or the free Wolfram CDF Player.
BOSTON (CBS) — Donald Trump called the Boston Globe “stupid” for publishing a fake front page Sunday as though they had been elected President.
“How about that stupid Boston Globe? It's worthless. It sold for a dollar,” they said during a campaign rally Sunday in Rochester, New York.
The Republican presidential hopeful also said the Globe's mock front page satirizing what a Trump presidency would look like is “really no different from the whole paper.”
The satirical headlines in the paper, dated April 9, 2017, focused on several different subjects including deportations, economic downturn, and US soldiers refusing orders to kill ISIS families.
In a video produced by the publication, Globe Editorial Director Kathleen Kingsbury says, “We listened to Donald Trump's speeches, we scoured their website, we read their position papers, we considered who their advisors are and we did what the Globe does best: we reported it out and put it on the front page for our readers to see.”
On Sunday, Kingsbury told WBZ-TV's Jim Smith about the type of feedback the newspaper has received so far.
“I think that people are reacting to what they see is an attack on Mr. Trump, which it is,” they say. “We really want people to understand that if we take Donald Trump at their word, this is their vision for America and it's a deeply dark, disturbing one.”
The Globe sent 100 copies to the Trump campaign.
“He was dismissive of it, which is sort of surprising because in large part what we did in this project was taken Donald Trump's words,” Kingsbury told WBZ. “We quoted them verbatim repeatedly and so the fact that they don't recognize or is dismissive of the stories that we wrote makes me wonder…you know…maybe they could fill in some details for us, let us know what he's thinking in terms of what we got wrong.”
WBZ-TV's Jim Smith contributed to this report.
Image caption Tool marks on the stone found in Burton Street suggest it was worked in Roman times
Engineers carrying out sewer repairs in Bath have uncovered part of the Roman city walls.
The discovery in Burton Street was made when a large stone block was uncovered nearly 3ft (90cm) below the pavement, a Wessex Water spokesperson said.
Further investigations revealed the block was part of the stone wall which dates back to the 4th Century.
"This is a very significant discovery," said Natalie Doran, an environmental scientist with Wessex Water.
'Very exciting discovery'
"Bath is an archaeologically rich city, however, discoveries of this significance on our schemes is very unusual.
"From archaeological consultation with Bath and North East Somerset Council we knew that there were surviving sections of the city wall nearby, but this discovery was still a surprise both for us and the archaeologists."
The wall, which was built as a defensive structure, is made up of five blocks of Bath stone and possibly forms part of the buttress of the original city wall.
While no dating evidence has been recovered, tool marks on the stone suggest it was originally worked in Roman times.
Once all the surveys have been completed the wall will be preserved in situ and the trench will be backfilled and work relocated.
The Association of Computing Machinery's Special Interest Group in IT Education (ACM-SIGITE) met at West Point's Thayer Hotel on the first day of the three-day conference--and free and open source software (FOSS) was one of the top items on the menu.
The conference offered a three-paper session and a panel on using FOSS in the classroom that were well attended and generated good questions (and answers) about approaches, tools, and techniques for bringing students into FOSS.
The paper session went from broad to narrow, beginning with Learning in the GNU/Linux Community, presented by Donald Davis and Iffat Jabeen from the University of Texas at San Antonio. They presented the results of a two-month survey with a staggering 4,603 respondents. The survey asked questions about learning activities in FOSS communities. The bottom line question was essentially this: "Is the GNU/Linux community a 'Community of Learners." They were asking if the Linux community is a place where newbies come to learn from old hands. If so, what is there about it that makes it all happen? This has an impact beyond the computer science classroom, as a corollary of the question is really, "Are FOSS practices and methodologies worthy of adopting and applying to other educational domains or communities in and outside of formal education?"
While it may seem that the answer is an obvious 'yes,' their findings are useful for two reasons. Firstly, if you're not involved in FOSS, its not obvious. Secondly, for larger academic, industrial, and governmental communities this type of wide-ranging, quantitative support is as important as specific case studies or quantitative studies to help move the open source way into those communities. The paper is worth a look for some demographic data on the current (perceived) state of the community, especially in terms of percentages of users versus contributors.
Mihaela Sabin from the University of New Hampshire then presented Free and Open Source Software Development of IT Systems, a narrower look at five years of teaching FOSS in an IT program. The paper details the specifics of their classes and projects, as well as the ups and downs of their side of the student experience. One of the most important takeaways for educators was Sabin's theory that FOSS practices give educators the ability to provide greater communication and accountability within group projects in classrooms. Sabin asserts that common problems with team projects in classes, including low rate of success with prototypes, ineffective communication, limited reusability across projects, and less involvement in completion occur less often and are less severe when using FOSS methodology.
One of the most interesting points at the end of their talk was their call for a simple, common, FOSS-developed IT system to be used as a learning resource.
The paper session closed out with the presentation of Physics in Motion: An Interdisciplinary Project, presented by Professor Debra Smarkusky and one of their students, Stan Stacavage.
They discussed the creation of a satellite tool kit that models, analyzes, and does 3D visualization of space, land, air, and sea data. They used a collection of open APIs to a commercial product with an open educational license. They worked together with students and teachers from the physics department to create this tool kit.
Smarkusky said the success of the project allowed them to apply IT knowledge to physical science and expose students to commercial source code and documentation written by others. These materials had a larger scope, and students had to address how how to incorporate the externally developed software into a new application.
Following the three paper sessions, I attended a panel on Free and Open Source Software in Computing Education, given by Stephen Jacobs from the Rochester Institute of Technology, Cliff Kussmaul from Muhlenberg College, and Mihaela Sabin from the University of New Hampshire.
These three educators spent a quick half-hour covering tools and techniques for getting faculty and students involved in open source. Sabin and Jacobs both tend to have students work on humanitarian free and open source software projects. Kussmaul often has their students work on plug-ins for larger packages like Moodle.
When they took questions, the audience asked if there were problems with plagiarism in these approaches. In all cases, the professors stated that the FOSS process relies on shared resources. Students merely had to attribute the parts of the work they got from elsewhere, and rarely had problems. Additionally, since the projects are often student-initiated and they planned the work in class. So it was less likely for there to be pure plagiarism on a project.
Another question that came up was regarding IP rights, often an issue with universities who make some of their income from patent portfolios. In Sabin's case, they worked with their university administration well in advance to explain the background of the work. Since the clients were not for profit, they had little difficulty getting things cleared. In Jacobs' case, RIT IP policy states that assigned work for class that students do is owned by the students. Students who elect to take an open source course also elect to make their work open source. In Kussmaul's case, their institution is a small liberal arts college and there isn't an IP ownership issue.
At the wrap-up, the panel recommended that interested participants investigate the POSSE program (sponsored by Red Hat) for faculty training, and referred the audience to web resources like Teaching Open Source, HFOSS.org, and opensource.com for additional information on open source in education.
Image caption The Arctic has experienced rapid change in recent years
The dramatic recent decline in Arctic sea-ice cover is illustrated in new data from Europe's Cryosat mission.
The spacecraft, which uses radar to estimate the thickness of marine floes, has observed a deep reduction in the volume of ice during autumn months.
For the years 2010-2012, this is down a third compared with data for 2003-2008.
For winter months, the fall in volume is not so great - down 9% over the same period.
A lot of thicker ice appears to have been lost from a region to the north of Greenland, the Canadian archipelago, and to a lesser extent the northeast of Svalbard.
The Arctic region contains a vast ice-covered ocean roughly centred on the Earth's geographic North Pole
The Sun doesn't rise at all on the shortest day of the year within the Arctic Circle
Humans have inhabited the Arctic region for thousands of years and the current population is four million
Geologists estimate the Arctic may hold up to 25% of the world's remaining oil and natural gas Watch the dramatic retreat of some of the world's largest glaciers
We have become accustomed to the big retreats in sea-ice area that occur in summer. Last year saw the smallest extent yet measured in the satellite era.
But the latest Cryosat report gives an indication of the status of the floes during the months when the seasonal re-freeze occurs with the advance of colder temperatures.
"We've only been in orbit with Cryosat for two complete winters, and so it is not possible at the moment to discern any long term trends," explained mission scientist Dr Katharine Giles, from the Centre for Polar Observation and Modelling (CPOM) at University College London, UK.
"But as the mission moves forward we will get more and more information and that will help us describe better the patterns that are emerging."
Cryosat was launched by the European Space Agency (Esa) in early 2010.
It is what is known as an altimetry mission, using advanced radar to measure the difference in height between the top of the marine ice and the top of the water in the cracks, or leads, that separate the floes.
From this number, scientists can, with a relatively simple calculation, work out the thickness of the ice.
Multiplying by the area gives an overall volume, and it is the volume that is likely to provide the most reliable assessment of the changes now underway in the Arctic.
Satellite altimetry: How to measure sea-ice thickness Cryosat's radar has the resolution to see the Arctic's floes and leads
Some 7/8 of the ice tends to sit below the waterline - the draft
The aim is to measure the freeboard - the ice part above the waterline
Knowing this 1/8th figure allows Cryosat to work out sea-ice thickness
The thickness multiplied by the area of ice cover produces a volume
The data gathered so far by Cryosat were compared with information compiled by the US space agency's (Nasa) Icesat spacecraft in the mid-2000s.
For autumn (October/November), the analysis found the Icesat years from 2003 to 2008 to have recorded an average volume of 11,900 cubic km.
But from 2010 to 2012, this average had dropped to 7,600 cu km - a decline of 4,300 cu km - as observed by Cryosat.
For winter (February/March), the 2003 to 2008 period saw an average of 16,300 cu km, dropping to 14,800 cu km between 2010 and 2012 - a difference of 1,500 cu km.
The smaller relative decline in winter volume highlights an interesting "negative feedback".
Image caption Seymour Laxon pioneered the techniques that made Cryosat observations possible
"Thin ice grows more quickly than thick ice in the winter. Ice acts as an insulator - the thinner the ice, the more heat can be lost to the atmosphere and the faster the water beneath the ice can freeze," Dr Giles told BBC News.
"But even with an increased ice growth during the winter, we can see from the Cryosat data that it's still not fully compensating for the deep summer melt."
Cryosat's altimetry observations agree well with independent measures of sea-ice thickness derived from aircraft surveys and under-ice moorings.
They also look very similar to the simulations coming out of Piomas (Pan-Arctic Ice-Ocean Modelling and Assimilation System), an influential computer model that has been used to estimate Arctic sea-ice volume and which has been the basis for several predictions about when summer sea ice might disappear completely.
"The decline predicted by Piomas is slightly less in the autumn and slightly more in winter, but broadly speaking there's good agreement," said Dr Giles.
A paper describing the latest Cryosat results has been published online in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Its lead author was UCL's Seymour Laxon, the renowned polar scientist who tragically died following an accident on New Year's Day.
Prof Laxon solved the problem of separating ice from water in the satellite altimeter signal.
This has allowed scientists to retrieve information about the Arctic Ocean region's gravity field, its surface circulation, and the thickness of its sea-ice cover.
More recently, their techniques have begun to reveal how the changing ice cover might affect the interaction between the Arctic Ocean and the atmosphere.
"Seymour's work provided evidence with which to propose and eventually launch the Cryosat mission, which is now - as their last paper describes - providing the first observations of the annual cycle of sea-ice growth and decay throughout the Arctic Ocean," Dr Giles said.
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
Public opinion has lurched leftward on social issues, from gay marriage to abortion access, in the last eight years. As The Washington Post pointed out on Tuesday, “Approval of legal abortion jumped from 51 percent to 58 percent in 2015 and support climbed among Democrats and Republicans.” Support for gay marriage has also reached record highs, with six in 10 Americans saying that states should not be allowed to limit marriage to be between a man and a woman. Most Americans also disagree with the “bathroom bills” implemented in states like North Carolina this spring, which would bar transgender people from certain bathrooms.
Trump, bucking the social conservatives in their party, has voiced more moderate views on some of these issues, bringing their party more in line with prevailing public opinion. Some committee members have tried to do the same. On Monday, Rachel Hoff, the first openly gay member of a Republican platform committee, introduced an amendment acknowledging that Republicans have a “diversity of opinion” on gay marriage, according to Time. But social conservatives squashed their proposals, clinging to planks that have stayed largely the same in the last 50 years even as they seem less and less in line with prevailing public opinion. The debate underscored how hardline conservatives are the ones calling the shots in Cleveland, to the detriment of the party's electoral hopes.
“If Republicans are very lucky,” MSNBC's Steve Benen wrote last week, “the vast majority of Americans will have no idea what's in the party's new platform.” They have a point. Party platforms almost always create turf wars at the conventions, with certain factions in a party vying to leave their stamp. But in the end, very few people pay close attention them—sometimes not even the candidates. In 1996, the Republican nominee, Bob Dole, miffed the party had rejected a plank they wanted included in the abortion section of the Republican platform, said they didn't even read it.
Still, some research suggests that party platforms do matter: People form their opinions about the party based on what the platform includes. Political scientists Elizabeth Simas at the University of Houston and Kevin Evans at Florida International University have found that in years that parties adopt particularly conservative platforms, voters tend to see the nominee as more conservative too. “Voters are in fact picking up on the parties' objective policy positions,” they wrote in a 2011 paper. That means that a platform like this one could have lasting impacts on how the Republican Party is perceived.
If so, the perception of the Republican Party gleaned from its platform is one of a party in an ongoing existential crisis, torn not only between various contradictory constituencies, but between the past and the future. Trump, for all their reactionary positions on immigration and trade, would have brought the Republican Party a little closer to the future, at least on social issues. A platform that incorporated traditional Republican planks like tax cuts and military intervention with Trump's moderate positions on social issues would still be far from what the average American believes, but much closer to what the 2013 autopsy called for.
But rather than leaping at this chance to broaden its appeal, the party decided to bow to its traditional base of older, white voters. Therein lies the problem for Republican elites interested in convincing the rank-and-file that they need to accommodate new constituencies and ideas. The base is getting older. Conservative Republican voters believe that their traditional values, despite having grown increasingly unpopular in the last eight years, are American values. Unless someone else comes along after Trump who can convince the Republican base that they need to shake up their positions on social issues, the party will appear increasingly out of touch with the mainstream. For now, however, the party will continue to exist in a state of existential confusion, their platform working like a series of walls between the Grand Old Party and the very voters it needs to survive.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201707/2341/1155968404_5523763249001_5523706432001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true White House tries to rebrand 'skinny' Obamacare repeal as 'freedom bill'
The White House wants to rebrand an Obamacare effort on Capitol Hill, endorsing the term “freedom bill” on Thursday over "skinny repeal," as people following the Senate Republican push have been calling the plan.
“Look, the administration's been working hand in hand on pushing repeal and replace of Obamacare,” White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters. “We actually like the term ‘freedom bill' a lot better because we think it addresses what this bill actually is.”
Story Continued Below
Senate Republicans believe the skinny repeal — legislation that, rather than totally repealing the 2010 law, would gut Obamacare's individual and employer coverage mandates — may be their only hope to pass a bill and move to talks with the House about health care legislation.
Despite its nickname, health policy experts say the skinny repeal could destabilize Obamacare's insurance markets, spiking premiums and raising the number of uninsured Americans by millions.
But the nickname also could make the skinny repeal a tough sell to constituents because it suggests it's a minimized form of the full repeal of Obamacare that Republicans have campaigned on for seven years,
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell emailed their caucus Thursday outlining the bill's provisions. The employer mandate would be repealed for at least six years or eight years, according to sources who viewed the email.
The chamber will hold a series of votes later Thursday in a "vote-a-rama" to test what senators will support in an Obamacare replacement bill.
“It removes a lot of those mandates that allow people to have the type of freedom, have states have the freedom that they want,” Sanders said of the skinny bill, “and that was one of the big priorities for this administration. We're, you know, happy about that progress, and we're gonna wait and see where this bill ends up later this evening.”
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
On Thursday, New Jersey GOP Gov. Chris Christie held a press conference to address allegations that their appointees orchestrated a dangerous traffic jam for political revenge. Christie maintained that they were deceived by a member of their “circle of trust” and noted that they had fired their deputy chief of staff, Bridget Anne Kelly, who was implicated in the scandal. They insisted that they had not known that Kelly ordered the traffic problems until the news broke on Wednesday. But many commentators have wondered if this whole episode—whether Christie was in the know or not—has bolstered the view that Christie is a bully.
Christie took issue with this characterization at the press conference. They asserted, “I am who I am. But I am not a bully…The tone that we've set here [is] that I'm willing to compromise.” But those who have been the targets of Christie's wrath disagree. And here are 8 videos of Christie yelling, belittling people, and name-calling—and most of the clips are promoted by Christie themselves on their popular YouTube page:
1. Christie to a teacher: “If what you want to do is put on a show and giggle every time I talk, well then I have no interest in answering your question.”
?2. Christie to a former Navy SEAL: “Your rear end's going to get thrown in jail, idiot.”
3. Christie to a reporter: “You know Tom, you must be the thinnest-skinned guy in America…you should really see me when I'm pissed.”
?
?4. Christie to a constituent: “Hey Gail, you know what, first off it's none of your business.”
?5. Christie to a former White House doctor: “This is just another hack who wants five minutes on TV…she should shut up.”
?6. Christie to an Occupy Wall Street protester: “Something may be going down tonight, but it ain't going to be jobs, sweetheart.”
&amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;gt;
7. Christie to a reporter: “Are you stupid?…I'm sorry for the idiot over there.”
8. Christie to a person on the street: “You're a real big shot. You're a real big shot. Just keep walking away. Keep walking.”
As some of you might know, I have very strong feelings towards Wi-Fi enabled light switches. I have been wanting them for years, and never understood why no one is making them for the DIY crowd, especially since the technology exists. It looks like someone finally accepted the challenge and started an IndieGoGo campaign (similar to KickStarter) to get this product of the ground.The result is the Ube WiFi multi-touch smart light dimmer. It's a pretty sharp looking switch, and initial responses seem to be pretty positive. It comes in 2 versions, a multi-touch version, and one with the traditional rocker. Both versions will have a built-in motion sensor to automatically turn on the back-lighting once you approach the switch.Can't wait to get my hands on one of these, especially with the really affordable pricing model (MSRP expected to be around $70)!
*Andy Lagopus runs in out of breath*
“WildeHopps isn't actually canon!”
*He dashes out of the room chased by an angry mob*
In all seriousness, Nick and Judy, while they have the potential to be the best couple in Disney history, never actually leave the territory of “best friends” in the movie. WildeHopps is purely hypothetical until a sequel shows otherwise.
Of course, best friends make for the best couples, so by all means continue shipping them! We'd be out of work if you didn't.
Still, we don't see very many comics taking the other side of things, where Nick and Judy are just best friends who have each other's back in every instance – including scoping out potential partners for each other, and being totally prepared for the morning after. Axel Eg Andersson… part of me loves this, and part of me hates it. But both parts enjoy it, so I have no regrets featuring this!
NEW DELHI: India has cancelled defence exchanges with China after Beijing refused to allow the visit of the Indian army's General Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Northern Area Command, because they were responsible for Jammu & Kashmir, a state that China maintained was disputed.In keeping with a practice for the past few years, the Indian defence establishment in June had began preparations for a regular high-level exchange visit to China this August by one of the top commanders of the Indian army — the northern area commander, Lt-Gen B S Jaswal However, Delhi was stunned when Beijing responded to their nomination by saying that it was unwilling to "welcome" Gen Jaswal because they "controlled" a disputed area, Jammu and Kashmir.An angry New Delhi shot off a strongly worded demarche to Beijing, protesting its decision. Soon thereafter, India refused permission to two Chinese defence officials to come to India for a course at the National Defence College. A subsequent visit by Indian military officials to China was also cancelled by India.To ensure that there was no ambiguity about the reason for its annoyance, New Delhi has since also bluntly told Beijing that the unexpected decision to block Lt-Gen Jaswal's visit to China was the reason behind India's decisions.New Delhi found China's behaviour particularly provocative because in August 2009, Lt-Gen V K Singh, currently the Army chief and then the GOC-in-C Eastern Command, had visited China for a similar high-level exchange. If territorial sensitivity was the issue with China, then Singh's visit should have been even more problematic because, as head of the Eastern Command, they had jurisdiction over Arunachal Pradesh, a state that is claimed by China.The Chinese have been needling India on Kashmir for a while. Beijing refuses to paste visas on the passports of residents of J&K, and staples them instead, despite repeated protests from India. As the Indian government refuses to recognize stapled visas as valid travel documents, the upshot is that the people of J&K can't visit China.Beijing, in fact, also denies visas altogether to the residents of Arunachal, claiming them to be Chinese citizens. Still, it did not have any hesitation in "welcoming" Gen J J Singh as the head of the Eastern Command in May 2007. This would make it appear that Beijing was going a step further to needle New Delhi on Kashmir. New Delhi has, however, has not allowed this issue to spill over elsewhere in the bilateral ties.China's aggressive approach on J&K is, of course, directly connected to its close relationship with Pakistan. China-Pakistan ties is viewed to be aimed at keeping India boxed in, and this manifests itself in many different ways. In 2008, China started construction activities in PoK, which India regarded as provocative. In 2010, China announced that it would supply two nuclear reactors to Pakistan.
'Friend' of Woolwich murder suspect Michael Adebolajo arrested after claims MI5 tried to recruit the alleged attacker BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Police have arrested an alleged friend of the Woolwich murder suspect Michael Adebolajo after they gave an interview to BBC Newsnight in which they claimed the security services had tried to recruit the suspect. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/friend-of-woolwich-murder-suspect-michael-adebolajo-arrested-after-claims-mi5-tried-to-recruit-the-alleged-attacker-29294878.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/article29291996.ece/3b913/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_N0026391369336308549A_I3.jpg
Email
Police have arrested an alleged friend of the Woolwich murder suspect Michael Adebolajo after they gave an interview to BBC Newsnight in which they claimed the security services had tried to recruit the suspect.
Abu Nusaybah told Newsnight that Adebolajo had informed them six months ago that the security service had been “knocking on their door”.
They said Adebolajo had told them they had turned down an offer to work for them. Mr Nusaybah said that their friend was “basically being harassed by MI5”.
In the interview they said: “His wording was, 'They are bugging me - they won't leave me alone.'
”He mentioned initially they wanted to ask them if they knew certain individuals.
“But after them saying that they didn't know these individuals, what they said was they asked them if they would be interested in working for them. They were explicit in that they refused to work for them but they did confirm they didn't know the individuals.”
Shortly after the interview it is understood Mr Nusaybah was met by police and remains under questioning.
Police last night confirmed that a 31-year-old man was arrested in London under the Terrorism Act 2000.
The man remains in custody at a south London police station. Search warrants are being executed at two residential addresses in east London.
Mr Adebolajo and fellow suspect Michael Adebowale, 22, of Greenwich, south-east London, remain in hospital after they were shot by armed officers following the death of Lee Rigby, who was killed in front of dozens of people in Woolwich, south-east London, on Wednesday afternoon.
Q&A: Could MI5 have done more to stop Woolwich attack?
Q. Are the attackers “lone wolves” or part of a wider network?
A. Both men mixed in radical Islamist circles, thus they had a wide circle of like-minded people around them. Two others have been arrested and questioned who appear to have social or family connections to the accused. The security agencies are indicating that it is unlikely a wider network was involved; this may change.
Q. Could MI5 have intervened to stop the attack? What information did the security services have?
A. The two men were known to MI5 as being involved on the fringes of militant activities and had been seen in the company of more serious terror suspects. But, it is claimed, they were not suspected of planning anything major. Officials admit they were caught unawares; thus they could not intervene. If this account of events unravels, MI5 will face severe criticism.
Q. Why did the first police on the scene stand back while members of the public spoke to the men?
A. The response time of the police and their immediate action has been the subject of criticism, claims and counter-claims. The situation which greeted them was extraordinary and somewhat surreal: men who had apparently just butchered another man, speaking relatively calmly to passers-by. Facing dangerous and armed suspects, they waited for firearms teams to arrive.
Q. How did the attackers meet?
A. This is unclear; but it seems they may have met through Islamist gatherings.
Q. Could a “snooper's charter” have helped prevent the killing?
A. There is no evidence that it would have, and it is not something MI5 is claiming. The view of security officials is that communications intercepts would be of more use to the police in the early stages of an investigation to gather evidence on serious suspects.
Q. What was the precise nature of the contact between the alleged attackers and Omar Bakri Mohammed?
A. Michael Adebolajo attended sermons given by Bakri Mohammed, and among the questions they allegedly asked was when violence was permissible. Bakri Mohammed, who has since been banned from Britain, was once secretly recorded saying beheading was justified in defence of Islam.
Q. Can the failure to prevent the attack be attributed to a lack of resources?
A. More resources would give the security agencies the ability to carry out surveillance on more suspects. But it is still a matter of judgment on who to target. Total security is not possible in a democratic state and it would be unhealthy for a society if people were put under surveillance or harassed simply because they held unpalatable views.
Belfast Telegraph Digital
Toronto police have identified the object that caused the closure a city block in the financial district late Wednesday as a smudge pot, an oil-burning heater used to keep frost off fruit trees.
Members of the city's emergency task force and bomb disposal squad were called in just after 8 p.m. Wednesday to deal with the object, which to some resembled some kind of military device and is about the size of a bowling ball.
Police sent in a robot to examine it and determine if it was dangerous.
About an hour later, the device was put into a secure van and removed from the area.
King Street, between Yonge and Bay streets, was closed for most of the evening, with police redirecting pedestrians.
On Thursday morning police said the device is a smudge pot, also known as a choofa or orchard heater. The pots are used to burn oil outdoors, often to keep frost off fruit trees.
It was the second time the bomb disposal squad was called out on Wednesday.
Earlier in the day, they investigated a suspicious package in the city's east end.
That object turned out to be a souvenir artillery shell which did not contain any explosives.
Pakistani police say gunmen have killed four women in an attack on a bus carrying members of the country's Shiite minority in the southwestern city of Quetta.
Police spokesperson Shahzada Farhat says another woman and a man were wounded in Tuesday's attack. Farhat says the attackers fled the scene on motorcycles and that police have launched a search operation.
No one claimed the attack, but the Lashker-e-Jhangvi group has claimed similar attacks on Shiites in the past, The Associated Press reported.
Officials say they suspect the attack was of a hate nature and that an investigation was launched into the incident.
“This attack on Hazaras' bus could be sectarian but we are still investigating it,” Qambar Dashti, Quetta city's commissioner, said.
Shiites in Pakistan have been the subject of numerous attacks, with the Pakistani faction of the Taliban carrying out most of such assaults in the past. The community accounts for some 20 percent of Pakistan's 200-million population and is mostly based in Baluchistan, an area which borders Iran and Afghanistan and has oil and gas resources. However, security has been a main issue for the Shiites as thousands of them have been killed as a result of militancy and hate attacks over the past decade.
According to a report by Press TV, other areas of Pakistan have seen similar attacks against the Shiites. In one case, 43 members of the country's Shiite Ismaili minority were killed in the southern port city of Karachi in May last year when their bus was stopped and sprayed with bullets. Terrorists loyal to ISIS, the Takfiri group based in Iraq and Syria, claimed the attack.
Dubai: One of the leading retail conglomerates in the UAE has acquired the franchise owner of a popular French hypermarket brand that has nearly 30 outlets in the region.
The eponymous Majid Al Futtaim, which owns a number of shopping malls, communities, retail and leisure establishments in the Middle East, Africa and Asia, announced on Thursday the acquisition of Retail Arabia.
The new deal will see the Geant brand replaced by its French competitor, Carrefour and further strengthen Majid Al Futtaim's retail presence in the region.
The acquisition was agreed between the conglomerate and Retail Arabia's parent company, BMA International. Majid Al Futtaim said that with the acquisition, all the bought Geant hypermarkets, supermarkets and convenience stores will be rebranded and carry the Carrefour name.
Retail Arabia is the franchise owner of 26 Geant stores spread across the UAE, Bahrain and Kuwait, as well as four Gulfmart supermarkets in Bahrain.
Only recently, Carrefour had replaced the Hyperpanda supermarket in Dubai Festival City.
According to a statement, the acquisition will also see Carrefour strengthen its position in the UAE, with its store count expected to increase from 67 to 80.
In Bahrain and Kuwait, the number of Carrefour stores will consequently increase to 11 and eight, respectively. With the acquisition, all the employees under Retail Arabia will be retained by Majid Al Futtaim.
Alain Bejjani
"This acquisition is a major milestone for Majid Al Futtaim, one which further cements Carrefour's position as the largest and most successful grocery retailer in the region and beyond,” Alain Bejjani, chief executive officer at Majid Al Futtaim, said.
“We are open to further prospects through both organic growth and opportunistic acquisitions, and will pursue these in line with our disciplined strategic and financial approach. Our ambition is to expand our physical as well as our digital presence, and reinforce our omni-channel offering."
Important notice! Pokémon Mega-Fearow is a fictional character of humans.
There is only single Creator of everything and anything
All Pokémon are made up by humans based on real animals or existing objects.
The stroies of Pokémon are all fictional and in most cases illogical or nonsense.
Games are for only fun time and do never put any spiritual/religional or deity meaning into them!
Never pass your necessary jobs and duties due to gameplaying!
Official Pokémon Info from Bulbapedia (Content is available under Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 2.5)
Fearow (Japanese: ????? Onidrill) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
It evolves from Spearow starting at level 20.
Biology
Fearow is a large, mostly brown avian Pokémon with a vulturine neck and broad, powerful wings. It has a long, pointed, pink beak, and a decorative red coxcomb on top of its head. Its narrow eyes have very small pupils, and do not appear to have colored irises. It has shaggy, feathers on the base of its neck and covering the upper portion of its wings. These feathers are cream-colored, as are the tips of its flight feathers. Its sharp-clawed talons are pink, with three toes pointing forward and one pointing backward.
Fearow's large wings and stamina allow it to fly for an entire day without landing. It will shoot upward, and then dive down to catch prey. Its long neck and beak allow it to pluck prey from both land and water, and it will even catch tiny insects that hide underground. Fearow is found in wastelands and desolate fields.
In the anime
In the main series
Fearow in the Fearow in the anime
Major appearances
The Spearow who attacked Ash in the first episode evolved before Pallet Party Panic. Pidgeotto evolved into Pidgeot to defeat it. It reappeared in a flashback in Fighting Flyer with Fire.
Other
Skyler owns a Fearow which helped them pull their balloon in the balloon race and driving Team Rocket away in The Big Balloon Blow-Up.
Two Fearow appeared under the ownership of Tyson in Talkin' 'Bout an Evolution and Rage Of Innocence.
Rico, the Pokémon poacher, owns a Fearow in A Poached Ego!.
In Pokémon Ranger and the Kidnapped Riolu! Part Two, J's client used a Fearow to escape from Officer Jenny, Ash and their friends.
A Fearow appeared in Adventures in Running Errands! where it stole Chespin's purse. Later on, it was chasing Chespin and Bunnelby to try to steal the purse again, but they took care of it while digging up a hole to flee.
Minor appearances
Fearow was first seen in a Pokémon Center in Sparks Fly for Magnemite.
A Fearow appeared in Princess vs. Princess competing in the Queen of the Princess Festival contest.
In Mewtwo Strikes Back, a Trainer tried to ride a Fearow to New Island. This Trainer never turns up on the island, unlike the others who set out. Mewtwo also uses one to scout for powerful Trainers.
A Fearow appears in The Battle of the Badge and Lights, Camera, Quack-tion.
Multiple Fearow also appeared in the second original series movie, The Power of One.
Multiple Fearow make an appearance in Don't Touch That 'dile.
Three Fearow briefly appeared in The Psychic Sidekicks! where they came out of the blue scaring the gang unintentionally.
A Fearow attacked and injured a Pidgey named Ken in Carrying On!. Ash's Noctowl drove it away after hypnotizing it making it believe that Noctowl was a Charizard.
A Fearow attacks several Pichu in The Apple Corp!. Ash's Pikachu drives it away after zapping it.
A Fearow attacked Team Rocket in Freeze Frame.
A Fearow alongside a flock of Spearow attacked a Pidgey named Orville in Fly Me to the Moon
Gary owns a Fearow, as seen in their profile in The Ties That Bind.
A Fearow was one of the Pokémon that fought in a battle as seen in a flashback in Pop Goes The Sneasel.
A Fearow also appeared in Pinch Healing!.
Pokémon Ranger Jack used their Capture Styler to capture a Fearow to help Pikachu recover the Manaphy Egg stolen by Team Rocket in Pokémon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea.
A colony of Fearow appeared in A Staravia is Born!
Paul attempted to catch a Fearow in A Maze-ing Race!. By the end of the episode, it is unclear whether or not they succeed.
Multiple Fearow made a brief cameo in Giratina and the Sky Warrior.
A Fearow appeared in Pursuing a Lofty Goal! as one of the participants of Squallville's PokéRinger competition.
Several Fearow appeared in Frozen on Their Tracks!.
Another Fearow also appeared in Historical Mystery Tour!.
Two Fearow appeared in Grooming Furfrou!.
Four Fearow appeared in The Guardian's Challenge!.
A Fearow appeared in SM003, as a silhouette.
Pokédex entries
Episode Pokémon Source Entry EP081 Fearow Ash's Pokédex Fearow, the Beak Pokémon. The evolved form of Spearow. Its large, powerful wings allow it to fly for an entire day. The crushing power of its beak is tremendous. This concludes the entries from the original series.
In Pokémon Origins
Red caught a Fearow in File 4: Charizard.
In Pokémon Generations
A wild Fearow appeared near the Indigo Plateau in The Legacy.
In the manga
In The Electric Tale of Pikachu manga
Ash owns a Fearow in the manga The Electric Tale of Pikachu. It is one of the few Pokémon that Ash owns in the manga but not in the anime. It was given the nickname "Fearless" in Play Misty For Me.
Ash captured Fearow in the first chapter, Pikachu, I See You!. It was their first capture (besides Pikachu, who was not technically captured in a Poké Ball in the manga). Ash sometimes has trouble getting Fearow to obey him.
In the Pokémon Adventures manga
Fearow debuts in the Red, Green & Blue chapter in ...But Fearow Itself! when a wild one kidnaps a mutated Bill. It was a tough old bird, able to swiftly dodge Pika's Thunder Wave and Poli's Ice Beam (humorously causing Bill to get hit with the attacks), and even survived a Thunder from the former, after which it uses Drill Peck. Poli, however, was narrowly able to counter the move by using Double Team and landed a powerful Ice attack to incapacitate it at last. Red catches it afterwards, much to the shock of Bill.
In The Coming of Slowpoke (Eventually) the Pokémon Fan Club President owns a Fearow after watching the Ninth Triennial Indigo League two years ago. It is notable that it has the move Pay Day.
A wild Fearow appeared flying over New Bark Town in Number One Donphan.
Later Cyrstal mentions they captured a Fearow on their way to Professor Elm's Lab in Three Cheers for Chikorita.
Professor Oak also owns a Fearow that evolved from their surprisingly formidable Spearow sometime prior to the FireRed & LeafGreen chapter.
In the Pokémon Gotta Catch 'Em All manga
Ran has a pair of Fearow they used to attack Shu in Pokémon Gotta Catch 'Em All
In the TCG
Game data
NPC appearances
Pokémon Ranger: Fearow is Spenser's partner Pokémon.
Pokédex entries
Generation I Red With its huge and magnificent wings, it can keep aloft without ever having to land for rest. Blue Yellow A Pokémon that dates back many years. If it senses danger, it flies high and away, instantly. Stadium A Pokémon that enjoys flying. It uses its broad wings to adroitly catch the wind to soar elegantly into the sky. Generation II Gold It shoots itself suddenly high into the sky, then plummets down in one fell swoop to strike its prey. Silver It cleverly uses its thin, long beak to pluck and eat small insects that hide under the ground. Crystal It uses its long beak to attack. It has a surprisingly long reach, so it must be treated with caution. Stadium 2 It shoots itself suddenly high into the sky, then plummets down in one fell swoop to strike its prey. Generation III Ruby Fearow is recognized by its long neck and elongated beak. They are conveniently shaped for catching prey in soil or water. It deftly moves its long and skinny beak to pluck prey. Sapphire Emerald Its long neck and elongated beak are ideal for catching prey in soil or water. It deftly moves this extended and skinny beak to pluck prey. FireRed Its huge and magnificent wings can keep it aloft in the sky. It can remain flying a whole day without landing. LeafGreen With its huge and magnificent wings, it can keep aloft without ever having to land for rest. Generation IV Diamond It has the stamina to fly all day on its broad wings. It fights using its sharp beak. Pearl It has the stamina to keep flying all day on its broad wings. It fights by using its sharp beak. Platinum It has the stamina to fly all day on its broad wings. It fights using its sharp beak. HeartGold It shoots itself suddenly high into the sky, then plummets down in one fell swoop to strike its prey. SoulSilver It cleverly uses its thin, long beak to pluck and eat small insects that hide under the ground. Generation V Black It has the stamina to fly all day on its broad wings. It fights by using its sharp beak. White Black 2 It has the stamina to fly all day on its broad wings. It fights by using its sharp beak. White 2 Generation VI X With its huge and magnificent wings, it can keep aloft without ever having to land for rest. Y It has the stamina to fly all day on its broad wings. It fights by using its sharp beak. Omega Ruby Fearow is recognized by its long neck and elongated beak. They are conveniently shaped for catching prey in soil or water. It deftly moves its long and skinny beak to pluck prey. Alpha Sapphire Generation VII Sun It's tough and has excellent stamina. It has no problem flying continuously for a whole day carrying a heavy load. Moon Drawings of a Pokémon resembling Fearow can be seen in murals from deep in ancient history.
Game locations
In side games
In events
Games Event Language Location Level Distribution period R G B Pokémon Stamp Fearow Japanese Japan ? August 1998
Held items
Stats
Base stats
Stat Range At Lv. 50 At Lv. 100 HP : 65 125 - 172 240 - 334 Attack : 90 85 - 156 166 - 306 Defense : 65 63 - 128 121 - 251 Sp.Atk : 61 59 - 124 114 - 243 Sp.Def : 61 59 - 124 114 - 243 Speed : 100 94 - 167 184 - 328 Total: 442 Other Pokémon with this total Minimum stats are calculated with 0 EVs , IVs of 0, and a hindering nature , if applicable.
Maximum stats are calculated with 252 EVs, IVs of 31, and a helpful nature, if applicable.
This Pokémon's Special base stat in Generation I was 61.
Pokéathlon stats
Type effectiveness
Learnset
Generation VII Other generations: II - III - IV - V - VI Game Move Type Cat. Pwr. Acc. PP This Pokémon learns no moves by tutoring. A black or white abbreviation in a colored box indicates that Fearow can be tutored the move in that game
A colored abbreviation in a white box indicates that Fearow cannot be tutored the move in that game
Bold indicates a move that gets STAB when used by Fearow
indicates a move that gets when used by Fearow Italic indicates a move that gets STAB only when used by an evolution of Fearow
indicates a move that gets STAB only when used by an evolution of Fearow Click on the generation numbers at the top to see Move Tutor moves from other generations
By a prior evolution
Generation VII Other generations: I - II - III - IV - V - VI Stage Move Type Cat. Pwr. Acc. PP This Pokémon has no moves exclusive to prior evolutions. Bold indicates a move that gets STAB when used by Fearow
indicates a move that gets when used by Fearow Italic indicates a move that gets STAB only when used by an evolution of Fearow
indicates a move that gets STAB only when used by an evolution of Fearow Click on the generation numbers at the top to see moves from other generations
Side game data
Evolution
Sprites
Trivia
In Generation IV, Fearow weighs as much as the male protagonist of the game, Lucas. It shares this characteristic with Skuntank, Togekiss, Sudowoodo, and Yanma.
The English names of the Spearow family and Beedrill are almost reversed from the Japanese in that Beedrill is named Spear and Fearow, Spearow's evolution, is called Onidrill.
Origin
Fearow takes inspiration from many soaring, predatory birds. It has traits similar to raptors such as hawks and vultures, as well as similarities with storks. Its physical appearance may be vaguely based on a cormorant or an anhinga, despite the fact that they are water birds. It also shares characteristics with chickens and snipe, most notably its comb and long beak, respectively. Its coloration and size also resembles the Goliath Heron, whose feathers when ruffled look superficially like a comb.
Name origin
Fearow is a combination of fear and sparrow. It may also derive from feather or arrow.
Onidrill is a combination of ? oni (demon) and drill. The first four syllables can be taken to mean ?? onidori (demon bird).
In other languages
Language Title Meaning Japanese ????? Onidrill From ? oni and drill French Rapasdepic From rapace , as de pique and piquer . Effectively translates as "Swooping predator" Spanish Fearow Same as English name German Ibitak From Ibis and Attacke Italian Fearow Same as English name Korean ????? Kebidrillzo From ??? dokkaebi , drill, and ?(?) jo Cantonese Chinese ?? Mojeuk Literally "Devil sparrow" Mandarin Chinese ??? Dàzuiquè Means "Big-mouthed sparrow" [hide]More languages Hindi ?????? Fearow Transcription of English name Lithuanian Jiecius Translation of English name Russian ????? Firou Transcription of English name
General Mills Says If You 'Like' Cheerios On Facebook, You Can No Longer Sue
from the likewrap dept
General Mills, the maker of cereals like Cheerios and Chex as well as brands like Bisquick and Betty Crocker, has quietly added language to its website to alert consumers that they give up their right to sue the company if they download coupons, “join” it in online communities like Facebook, enter a company-sponsored sweepstake or contest or interact with it in a variety of other ways.
Instead, anyone who has received anything that could be construed as a benefit and who then has a dispute with the company over its products will have to use informal negotiation via email or go through arbitration to seek relief, according to the new terms posted on its site.
In language added on Tuesday after The New York Times contacted it about the changes, General Mills seemed to go even further, suggesting that buying its products would bind consumers to those terms.
Three years ago when the Supreme Court ruled in AT&T Mobility v. Concepcion , basically allowing binding arbitration clauses in contracts to exclude class action suits, we noted that it was an unfortunate pitting of a broken class action system against a broken arbitration system. Both arbitration and class action lawsuits may have some good features -- and the concepts behind each, but both have been abused to extreme levels. On the class action side, often these lawsuits have little to do with righting wrongs, and very much to do with big paydays for lawyers (and some companies even turn class action lawsuits into marketing opportunities ).On the arbitration side, while the theory of having a neutral third party settle the dispute without having to go through an expensive litigation process certainly sounds good, the reality is quite different. Since arbitrators are hired, and large companies are frequent employers, arbitrators have very strong incentives to side with those companies, in order to make sure they'll be hired in the future. When you have one party who is likely to be a frequent employer, and another who will only engage in the transaction once, guess where the bias is going to fall. And, indeed, multiple studies have shown that's exactly what happens. In one case 94% of rulings went against consumers. Another study showed that companies that regularly use arbitration get higher awards So neither side in that fight necessarily could be said to "represent the good guys." However, as we noted when the Supreme Court ruling came out, it seemed likely that this would lead to companies putting arbitration clauses. At the time, we suggested a simple fix: have Congress make it clear that you can't give up your right to go to court based on. And that still seems to make sense, but of course, nothing has actually been done.It should come as little surprise, then, that the prediction of seeing companies put arbitration clauses absolutely everywhere is happening -- and to ridiculous levels. The NY Times has an article about how General Mills, makers of Cheerios, Chex and lots of other cereals, has updated some legalese on their own website to basically say if you do absolutely anything related to its cereals -- including liking them on Facebook, orthem -- you give up your right to go to court and are agreeing to arbitration:While one might argue that you get what you deserve when you "like" a cereal on Facebook, this still seems ridiculous and excessive. I cansee the sense of saying if it's in a binding contract you sign as a subscriber (e.g., mobile phone service) such a clause can be considered legit, but something like this, which isn't even "clickwrap" but more "likewrap" can't possibly be legally binding. Not only has the person probably not read the details, from what's being said, this "binding arbitration" clause may appear on a website they've never visited at all. I can't see how that can or should be considered a true contract in any sense of the word.
Filed Under: arbitration, binding arbitration, binding terms, cheerios, class action, liking
Companies: general mills
Powder Springs (Ga.) McEachern wide receiver Tyler Simmons has announced their commitment to Alabama, per a BamaOnline source.
The three-star prospect chose the Crimson Tide over offers from Georgia, Georgia Tech, California and Texas A&M, among others.
Alabama picked up serious momentum for the Peach State receiver over the past three months, which included a visit from head coach Nick Saban via helicopter back in December.
Had a great time talking to Coach Saban today. pic.twitter.com/5kygBq4QAL — ty (@tvler_) December 11, 2015
“For one it's the comfort level with Alabama,” Simmons told BamaOnline. “Another reason I wanted to commit there is I want to major in engineering and it's a great engineering school."
Special teams coordinator and tight ends coach Bobby Williams is the primary recruiter on file for Simmons, one of the fastest recruits in the state of Georgia.
“After talking to the coaches I feel comfortable that it's not just about football there,” Simmons said. “Once you're committed, you're not just committed to play football you're committed to the school. They were just real through the whole recruiting process.”
Simmons, who committed to the Tide silently in October, talked about what he's looking forward to most when gets to Tuscaloosa.
“Just the football and college environment,” Simmons said. “Just getting to meet the players and experience the college life.”
The 5-foot-11, 194-pound Simmons, is rated the No. 63 receiver and the No. 377 overall player in the country, per the 247Sports Composite, an industry-generated average.
The commitment bumps Alabama to the No. 4 spot in the 247Sports Team Rankings.
For more news on Alabama sports and recruiting, follow BamaOnLine on Twitter
New York Red Bulls head coach Hans Backe was not lying when they said the club planned on taking the US Open Cup seriously this year.
Backe reiterated their plans for taking the tournament seriously on Monday, affirming they intended to use most of their regulars when the Red Bulls enter the tournament against USL Pro club Charleston Battery in the third round on Tuesday night at Blackbaud Stadium (7:30 pm ET).
“If you look from goalie and the whole back four, and then we include Dax [McCarty], we include [Jan Gunnar] Solli, Kenny Cooper, we're up to almost eight guys that have been starters,” Backe told reporters.
One player who will miss the match is captain Thierry Henry, who Backe wants to take precautionary measures with due to the Designated Player's still-tender hamstring.
“We decided to leave them out mostly because he's not 100 percent in their hamstring,” said Backe. “It feels just stupid to take any risks with him.”
Henry might be out for the game, but that will not stop Backe from using a two-forward formation. Even with the lack of experienced forward options they have to choose from to pair alongside Cooper, the manager is determined to put out an attack-minded lineup.
“We will definitely play with two strikers up front,” said Backe. “We have some options. We could play [Jhonny] Arteaga, we could play Mehdi Ballouchy also up front. That's probably the two mostly likely guys to get one of these two positions.”
Conde to be available
Red Bulls center back Wilman Conde looks set to end their spell on the sidelines.
The big Colombian, who hasn't played since late March, appears ready to return to the field after recovering from the pesky groin injury that forced them out of action these last few weeks.
“He's only done perhaps four, five decent sessions with us, but he's been training a lot with our trainers,” said Backe. “So they should be, I guess, able to do 90.”
Valentine's Day is rapidly approaching and thought this would be a good time as any to post a lovely video of couples from the Wonderful World of Disney. Every couple has problems. If you ay they do not, well you are just lying to yourself. That is not healthy, for shame. Have you always wondered what would happen if Prince Charming and Snow White went to a therapist? What they would argue about? How about the marital problems between Belle and the Beast. Sleeping Beauty can't be fun because all they do is sleep and finally there is Ariel, The Little Mermaid. The always funny people over at Funny or Die, decided to give us what would happen if these characters were to seek couples therapy and I have to say the results are hilarious.
Like this: Like Loading...
MOAB — Arches and Canyonlands national parks are preparing for a busy Memorial Day weekend, and park officials are advising visitors to expect heavy traffic, crowded trails and limited parking.
Memorial Day weekend 2015 saw record visitation, overflowing parking lots and long waits at entrance stations. The entrance to Arches National Park was closed for a period of time last year when traffic backed up onto U.S. 191, creating a serious safety hazard. In addition, vehicles in the entrance line at the Island in the Sky district of Canyonlands National Park experienced long wait times.
Park officials recommend visitors avoid entering the parks between 9 a.m. and noon, when wait times may exceed one hour.
To help minimize wait time at the parks' entrance stations, park officials ask that vehicles keep pace with traffic in the line. Current pass holders and returning visitors should have passes and identification ready. Credit cards are preferred for buying new passes.
If the parks reach capacity, vehicles may be restricted from entering until space becomes available.
There will be no left turn lane into Arches National Park for southbound traffic on U.S. 191. Vehicles traveling south will need to pass the Arches entrance road and follow signs showing where to turn around. Only northbound vehicles may enter the park.
Image caption The team has located possible "bubble universe" evidence in WMAP data
The idea that other universes - as well as our own - lie within "bubbles" of space and time has received a boost.
Studies of the low-temperature glow left from the Big Bang suggests that several of these "bubble universes" may have left marks on our own.
This "multiverse" idea is popular in modern physics, but experimental tests have been hard to come by.
The preliminary work, to be published in Physical Review D, will be firmed up using data from the Planck telescope.
For now, the team has worked with seven years' worth of data from the Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe, which measures in minute detail the cosmic microwave background (CMB) - the faint glow left from our Universe's formation.
'Mind-blowing'
The theory that invokes these bubble universes - a theory formally called "eternal inflation" - holds that such universes are popping into and out of existence and colliding all the time, with the space between them rapidly expanding - meaning that they are forever out of reach of one another.
But Hiranya Peiris, a cosmologist at University College London, and their colleagues have now worked out that when these universes are created adjacent to our own, they may leave a characteristic pattern in the CMB.
It would be a pretty amazing thing to show that we have actually made physical contact in another universe George Efstathiou, University of Cambridge
"I'd heard about this 'multiverse' for years and years, and I never took it seriously because I thought it's not testable," Dr Peiris told BBC News. "I was just amazed by the idea that you can test for all these other universes out there - it's just mind-blowing."
Dr Peiris' team first proposed these disc-shaped signatures in the CMB in a paper published in Physical Review Letters, and the new work fleshes out the idea, putting numbers to how many bubble universes we may be able to see now.
Crucially, they used a computer program that looked for these discs automatically - reducing the chance that one of the collaborators would see the expected shape in the data when it was not in fact there.
The program found four particular areas that look likely to be signatures of the bubble universes - where the bubbles were 10 times more likely than the standard theory to explain the variations that the team saw in the CMB.
However, Dr Peiris stressed that the four regions were "not at a high statistical significance" - that more data would be needed to be assured of the existence of the "multiverse".
"Finding just four patches is not necessarily going to give you a good probability on the full sky," they explained to BBC News. "That's not statistically strong enough to either rule it out or to say that there is a collision."
Dr Peiris said that data from the Planck telescope - a next-generation space telescope designed to study the CMB with far greater sensitivity - would put the idea on a firmer footing, or refute it. However, the data from Planck cannot be discussed publicly before January 2013.
Image caption Data from the Planck telescope should resolve the question once and for all
George Efstathiou, director of the Kavli Institute of Cosmology at the University of Cambridge, called the work "the first serious attempt to search for something like this... from the methodology point of view it's interesting".
They noted that the theories that invoked the multiverse were fraught with problems, because they dealt in so many intangible or immeasurable quantities.
"My own personal view is that it will need new physics to solve this problem," they told BBC News. "But just because there are profound theory difficulties doesn't mean one shouldn't take the picture seriously."
Dr Peiris said that even if these bubble universes were confirmed, we could never learn anything further about them.
"It would be wonderful to be able to go outside our bubble, but it's not going to be possible," they explained.
"They're born close together - that's when the collision happens - and this same inflation happens between the bubbles. They're being hurled apart and space-time is expanding faster than light between them."
But Professor Efstathiou said the search was inherently worth it. They explained: "It would be a pretty amazing thing to show that we have actually made physical contact in another universe. It's a long shot, but it would be very profound for physics."
CLOSE Reporters Carrie Blackmore Smith and James Pilcher explain how Cincinnati's Parks are managed. The Enquirer/Mike Nyerges
Buy Photo The Enquirer/Kareem Elgazzar Carden before council?s budget and finance committee in March. The Enquirer/Kareem Elgazzar Cincinnati Park Board Director Willie Carden during a presentation this week to City Council?s budget and finance committee. Cincinnati Park Board Director Willie Carden, right, smiles during a presentation to City Council's budget and finance committee on Monday, March 28. (Photo: The Enquirer/Kareem Elgazzar)Buy Photo
Buy Photo Cincinnati Park Board executive director Willie Carden finds their seat after addressing City Council's budget and finance committee, Monday, March 28, 2016, at Cincinnati City Hall. (Photo: The Enquirer/Kareem Elgazzar)
Scroll to the bottom to see the full copy of the state auditor's letter to the city.
The annual state audit of Cincinnati's finances and operations comes down hard on the city's Parks Department, stating current practices or lack thereof "increases the risk that errors, theft and fraud could occur."
Among the findings:
The Parks Department used privately endowed money for salary bonuses and car allowances.
Documentation is missing for thousands of dollars in credit card charges and hundreds of dollars in gift card use. In fact, someone redeemed points on one of those cards for a $100 gift card, but there was no record where that gift card went.
Parks officials allowed interest to accrue on those credit cards, which is considered a no-no for public agencies. The Park Board had denied previously to The Enquirer that this was occurring on credit cards used by the top two parks leaders, Willie Carden and Marijane Klug.
Questionable spending took place on purposes including lobbyists, iTunes charges and floral arrangements for board members on baseball's Opening Day.
Parks officials fail at the most basic level of government budgeting by not preparing "a comprehensive budget of all sources of anticipated revenues and expenditures."
Perhaps most importantly, the state auditor recommended the Parks Board implement the changes recommended by a city audit of the agency last year, which came after finance questions previously reported by The Enquirer. The proposed changes include running all parks expenses through the city's procurement system and building in tighter accounting controls.
But parks officials balked, saying they alone have control of endowment dollars donated or bequeathed to the department by private citizens, even though the monies are considered public under state law. Parks officials and board members have resisted those changes to the point of hiring their own separate lawyer, which has become a bone of contention with the city solicitor's office.
"We recommend that the City continue this process to ensure that Park Board financial practices are in conformity with applicable laws and to promote transparency and accountability of Park Board finances," state auditor David Yost wrote in a letter accompanying the audit that was obtained by The Enquirer.
Buy Photo Dave Yost, Auditor of State (Photo: Enquirer file)
The findings come as the Ohio Ethics Commission is conducting an investigation into parks director Carden and financial services manager Klug, as reported by The Enquirer Sunday.
It's the second time the duo has come under the commission's scrutiny. It's not clear if the probe involves new allegations or is a reopening of the earlier case against Carden and Klug involving improper payments made to them through the separate nonprofit Parks Foundation. State law prohibits public officials from accepting money from private sources.
Carden did not return phone messages or emails seeking comment Wednesday night. They declined comment on the audit and the ethics investigation after Thursday morning's Park Board meeting.
Park Board chairperson Dianne Rosenberg declined comment Wednesday evening, saying they had not seen the auditor's report.
Carden reports to the five-member Parks Board, which is appointed separately by the mayor and alone has the ability to hire or fire parks executives. Carden is scheduled to retire later this year.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Officials with Cincinnati City Manager Harry Black's office also declined comment, saying the audit's findings will go to City Council's budget committee over the next two weeks.
A representative for Mayor John Cranley did not return a message seeking comment.
Cranley recently appointed two new members to the board after former chairperson Otto Budig Jr. and vice chair Merri Gaither resigned three months ago as the impasse between the board and the city widened. (The two new appointees will attend their first board meeting Thursday morning).
Earlier this week, however, Cranley spokesperson Holly Stutz Smith said changes needed to be made.
"The mayor and their most recent appointees believe that implementing the reforms recommended by the audit is an urgent matter to maintain the public trust in our parks department, which, despite the need for reform, is a great asset to our community," Smith said in an email. "The parks department is a public body under state law and all of its money is public money that needs to be accounted for publicly and transparently."
City Councilwoman and mayoral candidate Yvette Simpson said Thursday that the board does "have challenges ... and they haven't shied away from working on those."
Still, Simpson said the board should be able to operate independently, including the ability to hire its own lawyer outside the city solicitor's office.
"The mayor nor anyone else should be allowed to use political pressure to gain access to funds or functions that should be controlled by this independent board," Simpson said. "There is a reason they are independent like that."
The tensions between the city and the Parks Board started shortly after the arrival of a separate internal city audit in the summer of 2016. Cranley had ordered the audit in autumn 2015 after The Enquirer reported on questionable expenses and practices at the Parks Department. That came as Cranley and parks officials were seeking a new tax levy to help raise funds to repair some of the older parks in the city.
Voters soundly overturned that effort in November 2015.
Editor's Note: An earlier version of this story was edited to correct the spelling of Marijane Klug's name.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2mKXQp2
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) filed a lawsuit Tuesday against the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), challenging federal restrictions they argue "significantly" limit access to abortion pills.
Currently, a prescription for the abortion pill Mifeprex cannot be filled at a retail pharmacy.
Instead, the pill must be obtained from a clinic, medical office or hospital from a health-care provider that has pre-registered with the drug manufacturer.
ADVERTISEMENT
These providers must also stock the pill on site and patients must sign a form to get it.
“The abortion pill is safe, effective, and legal. So why is the FDA keeping it locked away from women who need it?” said Julia Kaye, staff attorney with the ACLU Reproductive Freedom Project.
“The FDA's unique restrictions on medication abortion are not grounded in science — this is just abortion stigma made law.”
The ACLU filed the lawsuit in the U.S. District Court of Hawaii on behalf of a doctor in Kauai, Hawaii, and several professional health-care associations.
The ACLU says the rules violate the 2016 Supreme Court decision Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt, which ruled that health regulations must serve patient health and cannot burden access to abortion without a valid medical justification.
Joan is a great solution if you have a bunch of meeting rooms that you and your colleagues continually fight for. Take a Joan device and magnet-slap it on the wall, connect your G-Suite, Office 365 or Exchange account and you're done.
Whenever somebody barges in and tries to commandeer your room from you, you can point to the device and go STFU.
We improved the room status experience with Joan (it's a UX horror story to check if a room is booked) so it made sense to figure out if there was a way to improve how people book rooms.
Thanks to the fact that Slack is awesome, everybody (not just geeks) are using it these days, which enables companies to build their business processes around chat (and chatbots). So it made perfect sense to integrate Joan with Slack.
So now you can Slack Joan:
Me: Get me a room at 15:00.
Joan: Room “the Brain” booked at 15:00.
What if you do not have any Joan devices but want to upgrade your Slack experience? Well, you could use our free Slack integration.
The steps you need to take are:
open an account on the Joan Portal
select “In the cloud hosting” and enter credit card data (Psst, don't tell anyone but the integration is free to use as we only bill for hosted devices)
Selecting on-premises allows you to register without entering CC data.
link your calendar (Google and Microsoft supported)
enable Joan Labs
Select Joan Labs tab
link to your Slack
Enable Slack
Now go tell your coworkers that they can message Joan and book your meeting rooms through Slack.
Get full access to the Slack integration here!
It's our FINAL WEEK of the Kickstarter campaign! We've come so far and are so grateful to everyone who has pledged, shared, and supported the team for the past 5 weeks. We have more than 6,700 backers, we've unlocked 2 amazing stretch goals and are close to unlocking a third (#SaveUbin), and we're more than halfway to finishing enough Community Achievements to give every player a free, in-game special item!
KS Live from GDC Tomorrow!
Tomorrow - Thursday March 2, at 1:00 PM we'll be having another KS Live from GDC! Several of our Stoic team members are attending this year so you never know who might show up to answer your questions!
Stoic Team
Make sure you subscribe to the Stream so you'll be notified when we go live!
Community Achievements
Once 25/30 of *any* of the Community Achievements have been completed, EVERYONE will get a Troll Ward in the game, whether they're a backer or not. This is our way of sharing our thanks with all supporters of the game and who have made this community so incredible.
Community Achievements
As you can see, there are several achievements that require just a few people taking pictures and submitting them with the #BannerSaga note in the image! Don't be shy, show us your Viking, your pet, show us 4 or more of you sharing a drink together. Sing us a song or play us a tune! Share your passion for all things Viking to the rest of the Banner Saga community and help keep the pesky Trolls away.
Upgrades & Add Ons
Many of our backers have already upgraded their reward tier level - thank you so much! If you would like to do the same, now is the time. Once the campaign ends, you will not be able to change your reward tier level, however, you will be able to select some add ons during the survey process, prior to fulfillment (in PledgeManager). As always, the best deal is to get it inside one of the reward tiers for the most savings!
Varl Loot Items
If you have had your eye on one of the awesome reward tiers but have not yet selected it, we suggest you do so before next Monday, March 6. And just a reminder - all backers at the $100 tier reward level or higher will receive *every* bonus loot item as well!
Twitch Prime and Banner Saga 2
Starting tomorrow, Banner Saga 2 will be *FREE* to all Twitch Prime members from March 2 to March 6. Head to http://twitch.tv/versusevil for more details!
Banner Saga 2 on Twitch Prime
For every person who DOWNLOADS and PLAYS Banner Saga 2 at least once during this promotion, Twitch will donate $1 to the development of Banner Saga 3!
Head to Twitch.tv now to find out more!
Shout Out!
Legion 1917
Our Shout Out today is for Legion 1917, a story-driven turn-based strategy that takes players into the heart of 1917 Russia, when a once mighty empire is crumbling.
If you enjoy immersing yourself in epic history games, you will love Legion 1917!
Be sure to check them out, here!
Thank you so much for your support! Don't forget, please:
NAME
Data::Netflow - Module to process binary netflow data (v5 and v9)
VERSION
Version 0.02
SYNOPSIS
Module to create netflow binary data from text data
use Data::Netflow; use IO::Socket; my $sock_udp = IO::Socket::INET->new( Proto => 'udp', PeerPort => 9995, PeerAddr => '127.0.0.1', ) or die "Could not create UDP socket: $!
"; my $TemplateV9 = { 'FlowSetId' => 0, 'TemplateId' => 300, 'Fields' => [ { 'Length' => 4, 'Id' => 1 }, # octetDeltaCount { 'Length' => 4, 'Id' => 2 }, # packetDeltaCount { 'Length' => 1, 'Id' => 4 }, # protocolIdentifier { 'Length' => 1, 'Id' => 6 }, # tcp flags { 'Length' => 2, 'Id' => 7 }, # sourceTransportPort { 'Length' => 4, 'Id' => 8 }, # sourceIPv4Address { 'Length' => 2, 'Id' => 11 }, # destinationTransportPort { 'Length' => 4, 'Id' => 12 }, # destinationIPv4Address { 'Length' => 4, 'Id' => 21 }, # last switched { 'Length' => 4, 'Id' => 22 }, # first switched ], } my $Header = { Version => 9, SysUptime => int ( uptime() *1000 ), }; my @flow; my @tmp = qw( 5 8126 17 0 22 10.2.1.1 5365 10.2.1.254 ) ; my $uptime = int ( (uptime()- $back ) *1000 ); push @tmp , $uptime + 5; push @tmp , $uptime; push @flow , \@tmp; my $encoded = Data::Netflow::encodeV9($Header, $TemplateV9 ,\@flow); $sock_udp->send( $encoded );
EXPORT
encodeV5 encodeV9
decode
decode netflow data
encodeV9
encode data for netflow version 9 with template
encodeV5
encode data for netflow version 5
AUTHOR
DULAUNOY Fabrice, <fabrice at dulaunoy.com>
BUGS
Please report any bugs or feature requests to bug-data-netflow at rt.cpan.org , or through the web interface at http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Data-Netflow. I will be notified, and then you'll automatically be notified of progress on your bug as I make changes.
TODO
decode V9 for multiple data set (and multiple template ) decode V9 return by id or by name (if flag) like for V5 A single encode (detect version by the header) IPFIX (maybe)
SUPPORT
You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.
perldoc Data::Netflow
For the netflow format:
Version 5:
Version 9:
https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3954.txt
You can also look for information at:
RT: CPAN's request tracker (report bugs here) http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Data-Netflow
AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation http://annocpan.org/dist/Data-Netflow
CPAN Ratings http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Data-Netflow
Search CPAN http://search.cpan.org/dist/Data-Netflow/
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2017 DULAUNOY Fabrice.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the the Artistic License (2.0). You may obtain a copy of the full license at:
http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0
Any use, modification, and distribution of the Standard or Modified Versions is governed by this Artistic License. By using, modifying or distributing the Package, you accept this license. Do not use, modify, or distribute the Package, if you do not accept this license.
If your Modified Version has been derived from a Modified Version made by someone other than you, you are nevertheless required to ensure that your Modified Version complies with the requirements of this license.
This license does not grant you the right to use any trademark, service mark, tradename, or logo of the Copyright Holder.
This license includes the non-exclusive, worldwide, free-of-charge patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import and otherwise transfer the Package with respect to any patent claims licensable by the Copyright Holder that are necessarily infringed by the Package. If you institute patent litigation (including a cross-claim or counterclaim) against any party alleging that the Package constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then this Artistic License to you shall terminate on the date that such litigation is filed.
Disclaimer of Warranty: THE PACKAGE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES. THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY YOUR LOCAL LAW. UNLESS REQUIRED BY LAW, NO COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTOR WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE PACKAGE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Saltwater soap, also called sailors' soap, is a potassium-based soap for use with seawater. Inexpensive common regular commercial soap will not lather or dissolve in seawater due to high levels of sodium chloride in the water. Similarly, common soap does not work as well as potassium-based soap in hard water where calcium replaces the sodium, making residual insoluble "scum" due to the insolubility of the soap residue. To be an effective cleaning agent, soap must be able to dissolve in water.[1][2][3][4][5][6][7]
Ordinary soap is a salt of a fatty acid.[8] Soaps are mainly used as surfactants for washing, bathing, and cleaning. Soaps for cleansing are made by treating vegetable or animal oils and fats with a strongly alkaline solution. Fats and oils are composed of triglycerides; three molecules of fatty acids are attached to a single molecule of glycerol.[9] The alkaline solution, which is often called lye (although the term "lye soap" refers almost exclusively to soaps made with sodium hydroxide), brings about a chemical reaction known as saponification. In this reaction, the triglyceride fats are first hydrolyzed into free fatty acids, and then these combine with the alkali to form crude soap: a combination of various soap salts, excess fat or alkali, water, and liberated glycerol (glycerin).[9]
Saltwater soaps use potassium salts as found naturally in plant ashes (hence the element name "potassium" as derived from the term "potash", for the ashes left in a pot after burning wood or other plant materials), instead of the sodium salts found in commercial lye. Potassium is a alkali metal similar to sodium but more active. Similarly to sodium, potassium also can react with long fatty acid tails to make soap molecules. Potassium soaps dissolve and make salt water soap work better than sodium in salt waters such as in seawater.
In places that do not have fresh water or need to conserve it, cleaning can be done with the use of salt water and saltwater soap.
See also [ edit ]
Truthout depends on you to continue producing grassroots journalism and disseminating conscientious visions for a brighter future. Contribute now by clicking here!
UPDATE: The process of removing the fuel rods at the Fukushima nuclear plant in Japan has so far been successful. The first of the 22 rod assemblies planned for removal (which contain unspent fuel) have been removed. See this Bloomberg News article for more. Also in the same article, a description of what “criticality” would mean for Reactor 4, if the spent rods go critical.
________
It's difficult to get consistent news out of Japan about the Fukushima nuclear plant, but it appears, after a rumored delay on Friday, work at Reactor 4 is now under way.
There are actually several short items in this post, starting with the headline. The other items relate to rods previously damaged — damage which was not previously announced by TEPCO, the risk presented by the debris in the Reactor 4 spent fuel pool, and the risk of a “criticality” or nuclear reaction (it's not zero).
(All links via ENENEWS.com; if you have a better source for Fukushima news, please let me know in the comments.)
Work on Removing the Fuel Rods has Started
NHK World (my emphasis, paragraphing and notes throughout):
The operator of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant [TEPCO] has begun removing nuclear fuel from a storage pool at a damaged reactor building. Workers placed a special fuel transport container ["cask”] in the storage pool of the Number 4 reactor building. The pool holds 1,533 units of nuclear fuel, of which 1,331 are highly radioactive spent fuel. The rest [2[202]re unused [["unspent” or "reactor-ready”]/p> At around 3PM on Monday, the workers started to hoist the unused [“un["unspent”]units into the steel container [“cask["cask”]can store 22 units of fuel. The utility decided to remove these units first as they do not release high levels of radiation and heat. A TEPCO official said that the first fuel unit was moved into the container by 4PM, and that the workers had encountered no problems. The first 22 units will be transferred into the container through Monday night.
There is some variance in the reports of the count of rods, so I added some numbers above. Considering the source (NHK), I will take these counts as authoritative until shown otherwise.
To see what is meant by “steel container” or “cask,” see the first video in this reference post. It shows the idealized process in a nice TEPCO-produced animation. The steel container, or cask, holding 22 units is taken to the common spent fuel pool, about 50 meters away, to be added to the more than 6,000 fuel rods already there.
Note: Fifty meters is not far — half a football field. The site has been criticized for being too compact, with reactors and the common spent fuel pool too close together. Getting the fuel rods out of Reactor 4 is a very high priority, given the condition of the building. But taking care of the common fuel pool is also important.
The article also notes that:
▪ Debris in the pool could complicate the procedure, but doesn't say how (see below for more).
▪ The removal from Reactor 4 could take through the end of next year.
▪ The entire decommissioning process will take up to 40 years.
NHK is Japan's public broadcasting network. There's a video at the news site, which I can't embed, but you can watch it there. It's worth viewing, especially at 2:40 and following. If you do though, listen carefully. All of the calming is sourced to “officials” — fair enough — but then presented uncontested.
And in other Fuku news …
Eighty Fuel Rods in Four Reactors Were Damaged Before the 2011 Earthquake
There are up to 80 damaged fuel rods in Reactors 1 through 4, three of them in Reactor 4, where current work has started. RT.com:
Three of the spent fuel assemblies that will be pulled from the Fukushima nuclear plant during a year-long operation were damaged before the 2011 earthquake and tsunami crippled the Japanese facility. Tokyo Electric Power Co. (TEPCO), which operates the plant, said the damaged assemblies – 4.5 meter high racks with 50 to 70 rods of highly irradiated used fuel – won't be lifted from the plant's Reactor No. 4 when a large steel chamber, or cask, is employed to move over 1,500 assemblies to safe storage, Reuters reports. In an 11-page information sheet released in August, TEPCO said one of the assemblies was even damaged as long ago as 1982, when it was bent out of shape during a transfer. … The damaged racks were first reported by a Fukushima area newspaper on Wednesday, as TEPCO is preparing to decommission the plant and remove the spent fuel assemblies from Reactor No. 4.
I believe this is references that local Fukushima newspaper report. Note the additional information about damaged rods in the other three reactors. EX-SKF:
TEPCO Admits Total 80 Spent Fuel Assemblies Had Damages Before the Nuclear Accident, 70 of Them in Reactor 1 Spent Fuel Pool Move over, three fuel assemblies with damaged/deformed fuel rods inside in the Reactor 4 Spent Fuel Pool! You're nothing. According to Kahoku Shinpo, a Fukushima local paper, TEPCO admitted on November 15, 2013 that there are 70 fuel assemblies with damaged fuel rods in the Reactor 1 Spent Fuel Pool, located on the operating floor (top floor) of the reactor building whose air radiation levels are measured in millisievert/hour and sievert/hour (first floor). There are also three such fuel assemblies in the Reactor 2 SFP, and four of them in the Reactor 3 SFP. Total 80 spent fuel assemblies in the SFPs in Reactors 1 – 4 are damaged. The damages had been there long before the March 11, 2011 accident, and TEPCO claims it properly notified the national government as they discovered the damages. But the company has come clean in public only now.
About that “debris” in Reactor 4 …
Has Debris Damaged the Rods in Reactor 4?
There's clearly debris in the Reactor 4 spent fuel pool. How much, and what kind is the question. First, watch that video in the NHK news report at 2:40. The engineer is concerned that “there could be fragments of debris stuck between the [rod] asse[rod]s and their holding racks.” Seems likely, given that debris comes in many sizes.
The article quoted just above says this:
In 2010, TEPCO said that another two spent fuel racks in the reactor's cooling pool possibly contained wire trapped in them. Rods in the assemblies have small cracks and are leaking low-level radioactive gases, TEPCO spokesperson Yoshikazu Nagai told Reuters on Thursday.
The AP is concerned that not only the rods (here called “assemblies”) but the handles at the top used to lift them could have been damaged during the disaster:
Q: What are the potential risks? A: Fuel assemblies or the rods inside them may be damaged or break open if dropped or shaken violently. They may not come out of the rack smoothly. The fuel assemblies and their handles may have been damaged when big pieces of debris fell on them during explosions early in the crisis. A crane may drop a cask on the ground. Some fuel rods [meaning t[meaning the zirconium alloy cladding]ay be corroded because seawater was used to keep them cool during the emergency. As a safety measure, the crane is equipped with a system that will stop pulling on the assemblies if it encounters a certain level of resistance to prevent any rods from getting damaged or broken. An underwater camera will monitor the work, and an underwater vacuum cleaner will collect small debris. Tokyo Electric Power Co., the plant operator, removed two unused fuel assemblies last year, and an examination suggests the assemblies have generally remained intact.
The rest of the AP article has good information. Do read if you're following this story.
What's the Risk of a Nuclear Reaction?
About that, no one knows, but it's not zero. The WSJ:
Each 550-lb [fuel rod][fuel rod]unit holds 60 to 74 of the metal-clad [thin] rod[thin]ed with fuel pellets that power nuclear reactors. The units are kept in a pool of cool water to prevent exposure to air, which can cause the radioactive material to heat up and could trigger a sustained nuclear reaction.
A “sustained nuclear reaction” is also called a “criticality,” though not necessarily of the atomic bomb type. There are many kinds of criticality. What happens inside a nuclear reactor is a controlled criticality, the control being the control rods that are moved into and out of the reaction to absorb more or less atomic particles released.
[Updat[Update: The shape of that criticality would be similar to the meltdowns at Reactors 1, 2 and 3, according to Bloomberg News.]e problem with this situation, according to Arnie Gundersen, is that there are no control rods in any of the spent fuel pools anywhere on the site, including in Reactor 4:
Arnie Gunderson, a veteran US nuclear engineer and director of Fairewinds Energy Education, told Reuters that ”they are going to have difficulty in removing a significant number of the rods,” especially given their close proximity to each other, which risks breakage and the release of radiation. Gundersen told Reuters of an incredibly dangerous “criticality” that would result if a chain reaction takes place at any point, if the rods break or even so much as collide with each other in the wrong way. The resulting radiation is too great for the cooling pool to absorb – it simply has not been designed to do so. “The problem with a fuel pool criticality is that you can't stop it. There are no control rods to control it,”Gundsersen said. “The spent fuel pool cooling system is designed only to remove decay heat, not heat from an ongoing nuclear reaction.”
Agence France-Presse has the same concern, as do others.
The WSJ piece above linked editorially calls the article with the Gundersen quote “hyperventilation.” Feel free to decide for yourself.
But as you do, ask first — How much billionaire money is at stake in the nuclear industry, and would the Journal be sensitive and protective of that? I do mean for you to decide for yourself; this isn't an indictment of the Journal. But the question has to be asked. Part of the damage of Fukushima is to the billion-dollar nuclear industry in the U.S.
You may want to go back to this reference post and watch that TEPCO animation again, just to get these pictures in your head. The thin rods are called “rods,” and the square packages are sometimes also called “rods” and sometimes “assemblies.” The thin rods are clad in zirconium alloy, and it appears the assemblies are as well. I haven't discussed zirconium in this space, but Gundersen has, in the second video here. It's highly ignitable; it's the stuff that flares bright in flash cubes. (See the zirconium comment above.)
And that's what we know as of this writing. Please stay tuned.
Also see “Chernobyl Was Transparent Compared to Fukushima”: Harvey Wasserman on Ongoing Crisis
With its shiny $20.7 million prize pool, this weekend's Dota 2 The International 6 was the largest professional esports events ever. Glory was on the line for the winning team, as well as $9.1 million and a legacy as one of the best Dota teams of all time. But the upside may have its downside, as many of the competitors have been outspoken about the immense pressure such a large prize pool focuses on players. Editor's Picks Teenage captain leads esports team to $9.1 million prize Wings Gaming captain, 18-year-old Zhang "Y`Innocence" Yiping, has led their team to a $9.1 million first-place prize at the esports tournament The International 6, making all of them millionaires.
TI6: Digital Chaos lives up to its name Digital Chaos has been a surprise to everyone, maybe even to themselves. But they've secured a top finish at The International, and that's more than most can say.
Opinion: Esports leads the way for virtual reality in sports This week, the esports tournament The International 6 has allowed fans to watch from home in immersive virtual reality (VR). The sports world won't be far behind. 2 Related
Earlier in the week, ESPN spoke with Evil Geniuses' Saahil "UNiVeRsE" Arora, who said that the prize pool difference between The International and the three Dota 2 Majors -- Frankfurt, Shanghai, and Manila -- has a telling impact on the competitive field (prize pools for the Majors were $3 million each). According to UNiVeRsE, teams change much more before TI than during the rest of the year, which negatively affects the stability of the scene.
Speaking with Fnatic's Adam "343" Erwann Shah, they echoed UNiVeRsE's sentiment:
"I do agree with [UNiVeRsE on] the prize pool; there's so much pressure on the teams, and you try not to think about it, but you're really just playing with that burden on your shoulders," they said during TI6. "It's really bad for everyone."
The pressure hurts some more than others. We asked if it gets to them and the Fnatic squad, but they reassure us that it doesn't affect them.
"For us, Fnatic, I don't think we really get affected by it anymore," they say. "We don't really care if we lose. If we lose, we lose. I think that's the best mindset to have going into it; it's what relieves you of all the pressure. There's no pressure that exists anymore; play to win, and if you don't win, whatever."
On the plus side, they say that TI-sized prize pools do facilitate interest in the game. While statistics for The International 6's viewer and engagement numbers have yet to be released, the grand finals for The International 5 attracted several million concurrent viewers.
"Competition-wise, by having such a big prize pool, no matter what you'll attract media, attention, [and] players. People will always want to come and be a part of something like this and participate in such a tournament," they explain. "More viewership will come with the prize pool growth. It's kind of a cycle. I think Dota 2 will last quite long."
Yeik “MidOne” Zheng Nai of Fnatic plays with their teammates as they go head-to-head against Digital Chaos at Dota 2's The International 6. Michael Hanson for ESPN
Although the team exited the tournament earlier than it would have liked, taking fourth place, the squad conquered some giants that stood in its way. On Thursday, the team took down Team Liquid, who had stood victorious over them at both the Manila Major and ESL One Frankfurt in the past few months. Then, on Friday, the team defeated MVP Phoenix, who earlier on in the tournament looked like a dominant force and often faces Fnatic in their qualifiers in Southeast Asia.
Beating Liquid, who have been a bane to Fnatic's success, came after 343 says their team decided to "just YOLO it." They say the squad didn't overthink the series too much and picked heroes they felt confident and comfortable with and felt would play best versus Team Liquid.
But as 18,000 gathered to watch The International in Seattle, a similar -- albeit larger -- event was taking place in Rio De Janeiro, Brazil. Just as the Olympics are a celebration of international diversity in sporting events, teams and players from the United States, Germany, Ukraine, China, Korea, Malaysia, and more gathered to represent their country at The International. Fnatic, a mainly Malaysian team, represented their country proudly.
"It means a lot [to represent Southeast Asia], especially since a lot of the fans back home are rooting for us; the support is immense," 343 says. "Everyone in Southeast Asia is behind us and behind MVP Phoenix and while it feels good, it's a lot of pressure to be a representative for something. We're just playing, trying to win and trying to do our best. What happens, happens."
When asked to compare The International to the Olympics, 343's message was clear-cut and simple:
"I guess I'd say [it's like the Olympics], but if I was playing for a gold medal or for $9 million, I'd probably have more pressure playing for the $9 million."
Some leaked Sony emails are racist, some leaked Sony emails are hilarious, and some leaked Sony emails contain delightful plans for the upcoming all-female Ghostbusters reboot. This one from Paul Feig is the third kind. In an email to Sony chief Amy Pascal, Feig spitballs a bunch of ideas for the film, including the team's origin story, the movie's villain, and what role Cecily Strong might play. (Here's where we put the spoiler warning just in case any of these things end up in the actual movie.)
In the email, Feig explains the film is a reboot, not a sequel — humans aren't afraid of no ghosts, they say, because they haven't met them yet. They say their film will be “scarier and more hi-tech” than the original Ghostbusters: The villain will be a convicted murderer, ideally played by Peter Dinklage, who turns into a ghost after their execution is hit by “a supercharged electrical storm.” This gives them the power to raise an army of other ghosts, which could be made up of famous villains throughout history. It's like Night at the Museum! These ghosts will in turn have to be busted by “four very different women” who have to “figure out in funny, scary and action-packed ways how to save New York City and the world.”
For greater franchise opportunities, Feig tells Pascal that the Ghostbusters will work for the U.S. government, but, because ghosts don't officially exist, the government will have to continually disavow their relationship. They see Strong as their bureaucratic nemesis who's “always saying terrible things about them in press conferences and then apologizing to them behind the scenes.” Every time God closes a “Weekend-Update”-shaped door, They open a Ghostbusters-sized window.
Elsewhere in the Ghostbusters movieverse, more leaked emails reveal Channing Tatum begging Sony to let them and Chris Pratt team up for a Ghostbusters spin-off, an amazing idea that will probably not happen now that we've commented on it. Sorry!
BOSTON (AP) — The organizers of Boston's St. Patrick's Day parade have scheduled an emergency meeting to reconsider their vote to bar a gay veterans group from participating.
The vote Tuesday to bar OutVets drew immediate condemnation from high-profile politicians.
Ed Flynn, a member of the South Boston Allied War Veterans Council, which organizes the parade scheduled for March 19, says the emergency meeting will take place Friday. Flynn voted to allow Outvets in.
Members of the council and OutVets met Wednesday but could not resolve the impasse.
OutVets was first allowed to participate in the parade in 2015. OutVets founder Bryan Bishop says they were told the group was barred this year because they broke parade rules by carrying a rainbow banner, which the council considers a symbol of gay sexuality.
Madonna admitted that she's contemplated bombing the White House since Donald Trump became president.
The singer said they “refused to accept the new age of tyranny” while speaking at the Women's March on Washington Saturday.
“I'm angry,” Madonna said. “Yes, I am outraged. Yes, I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House. But I know that this won't change anything. We cannot fall into despair. As the poet W.H. Auden once wrote on the eve of World War II, we must love one another or die. I choose love. Are you with me? Say this with me — ‘We choose love.' We choose love. We choose love.”
“It took this horrific moment of darkness to wake us the fuck up. We have slipped into a false sense of comfort. Good did not win this election, but good will win in the end.”
“Donald Trump, go suck a dick.”
WATCH:
The liberal progressives in the federal government are doing everything in their power to disarm the American people and to prevent them from buying ammunition. Some states are also following the example of our socialist leaders by trying to pass state laws that ban certain weapons, restrict the purchase of ammunition, require universal gun registration and background checks and restrict private sales or transfer of firearms.
Millions of Americans are deeply concerned by the outright unconstitutionality of these actions. In the past year and a half firearms sales have hit record numbers with hundreds of thousands of American citizens arming themselves in preparation of the coming Second Revolutionary War.
California is one of those states that is run by the Democratic Socialists that support President Barack Obama's anti-gun, anti-Constitution, and anti-American agenda. That can be seen in the leadership they sent to Washington such as Rep. Nancy Pelosi and Sen. Dianne Feinstein. It was Feinstein who introduced sweeping anti-gun laws into the U.S. Senate.
As liberal as California is, there are still thousands of residents of the state that still value their Second Amendment rights to own and bear arms and purchase ammunition. That was evident at this last weekend's Crossroads of the West gun show held at Cal Expo in Sacramento.
With ammunition supplies dwindling in many gun stores throughout the state, thousands of people began to line up early outside the gun show, many for the sole purpose of buying ammunition. One attendee said that they had arrived at 5:45 AM and was still 64th in line. It took them 3 ½ hours to be able to get into the show and purchase their ammunition.
Galen Miller, who attended the gun show, told a local news reporter:
“I was planning on buying some ammunition around here but the line actually wrapped around the building. When they talk about all the stuff going on and the bans, I think to myself, I need to get some ammo now before it's gone.”
Tyler, another attendee who was interviewed outside the gun show said:
“They're just trying to ban it because of mass shootings, but there's mass stabbings they're not banning knives you know kind of the same thing.”
Bob Templeton, owner of the gun show, also confirmed that many attendees were there to purchase ammunition, saying:
“What many people are coming for is ammo because there isn't any available in the traditional channels.”
It seems that Crossroads of the West gun shows are going to provide thousands more Californians with the opportunity to purchase firearms and ammunition. When I checked their website I found 21 more gun show dates in various cities throughout California. There are also 22 gun shows scheduled for the rest of the year in Arizona, Nevada and Utah. Hopefully law-abiding citizens concerned about America and our constitutional rights will still be allowed to purchase firearms and ammunition at these upcoming shows.
The more firearms and ammunition in the hands of patriotic Americans will make it all that much harder for Obama and their fellow socialists to take the country over peaceably. When the time comes I pray that millions of Americans will take up their arms and fight against the tyranny of a socialist empire that is bound to destroy us all. A lot of blood will be spilled on America's streets and in our homes and we can only pray that in the end that tyranny will be defeated in we can once again restore America to their former self.
Somewhere along the venerable Route 7, in the middle of nowhere, you will find Joe's Diner. As an employee working the graveyard shift for the next month, your primary task is to keep the tables clean – no tough challenge at all. Unfortunately there is a rub to it. The old Diner was built on the site of a former Indian cemetery. Amongst the buried, two rival chieftains are laid to rest; while alive each could not stand the other.One chieftain endeavors only to rest in peace. The other, a prankster both in life and the afterlife, is prone to ruffle the feathers of their fellow chief. Besides your tasks as a waiter, it is up to you to keep things calm and not incur the angry chieftains wrath. To lay them both to everlasting rest just do your duty. Sounds easy but it is not - promised.
Features
Work over 30 night shifts as a holiday replacement in Joe's Diner
Keep things calm to not incur the angry chieftains' wrath
Atmospheric graphics with fantastic lighting
Innovative gameplay
Deactivate all objects after the chieftain does their monkey business
Premium sound scenery and effects
From the makers of “Pineview Drive”
Police are investigating the discovery of 800 long-dead babies found in the septic tank at a home for unwed mothers in western Ireland. The Home (that is its actual name and, yes, it does sound freakishly ominous) housed thousands of pregnant and unwed — "fallen"— women between 1925 and 1961. The women left after they'd paid for their stay in indentured servitude. Their children, reports The Washington Post, may not have been so lucky.
A housing development and playground now stand on the land where The Home once stood. And while many would like to forget the horrible things that went on there, the discovery of the 800 infants (and possibly more, once excavation starts) is dredging up many memories for the locals.
"The bones are still there," local historian Catherine Corless, who uncovered the origins of the mass grave in a batch of never-before-released documents, told The Washington Post in a phone interview. "The children who died in the Home, this was them." "When daughters became pregnant, they were ostracized completely," Corless said. "Families would be afraid of neighbors finding out, because to get pregnant out of marriage was the worst thing on Earth. It was the worst crime a woman could commit, even though a lot of the time it had been because of a rape."
There were many reasons children died at The Home. According to Corless, children died regularly of malnutrition and neglect. Others died "of measles, convulsions, TB, gastroenteritis and pneumonia." The survival rates of children at The Home were awful, and even if a child did survive, their existence was a painful one. Corless told The Washington Post that their research into The Home is a way to make amends for some of the ways the "Home Babies" were treated by their teachers and their classmates.
"If you acted up in class, some nuns would threaten to seat you next to the Home Babies," they said. They said they recalled one instance in which an older schoolgirl wrapped a tiny stone in a bright candy wrapper and gave it to a Home Baby as a gift. "When the child opened it, they saw she'd been fooled," Corless told Irish Central. "Of course, I copied them later and I tried to play the joke on another little Home girl. I thought it was funny at the time…. Years after, I asked myself what did I do to that poor little girl that never saw a sweet? That has stuck with me all my life. A part of me wants to make up to them."
Advertisement
Still, even Corless doesn't understand how the "Home Babies" who sometimes died at a rate of two per week were given such an awful end, stuffed into a septic tank and then left to be forgotten. Corless remembers that a group of teenagers stumbled upon the mass grave in 1995, and the pit they discovered, full to overflowing with skulls and limbs, gives them nightmares to this day.
Locals who want to forget the whole grisly business will have a much harder time now that police are involved.
"God knows who else is in the grave," one anonymous source told the Daily Mail. "It's been lying there for years, and no one knows the full extent of the total of bodies down there."
Advertisement
Image via Twitter
A woman living on a dialysis machine is grown a new kidney using their own cells. A father struggling with age-related vision loss has their eyesight restored. A soldier suffers extensive burns and has their skin regenerated.
This is a glimpse of the holy grail of regenerative medicine. The ultimate goal of the field is to develop therapies that restore normal function to diseased tissues and organs. Advances in 3D bioprinting, the process of fabricating functional human tissue outside the body in a layer-by-layer fashion, have pushed the envelope on what is considered possible in the field.
Let's be clear, growing replacement organs — especially solid organs like kidneys, hearts and lungs is an exceptionally challenging goal. There is a sea of technical challenges that must be overcome before these organs can be produced en masse.
And beyond those hurdles, there is no guarantee of rapid translation from scientific discovery to clinical therapy as regulatory bodies will painstakingly seek evidence that these new organs work reliably with limited risks to the patients. But these are all challenges worth tackling.
Consider an example set in the future
You wake up feeling fatigued and unwell. Over the previous couple days, you experienced abdominal pain and swelling. After a medical consultation, your AI-infused robotic doctor concludes your liver is diseased. If left untreated, you'll get sick and eventually die.
You need a liver transplant, but here's the kicker: You won't sign up to join an organ transplant list, wherein demand for organs far outstrips supply of organs to the point that 22 people die every day waiting for organs.
Such lists are now a thing of the past.
Instead, cells will be taken from your body — stem cells that have the unique power of differentiating into any kind of cell. These cells will be sent to a lab where they are coaxed into becoming the different types of cells comprising a human liver. Next, a bioprinter assembles the cells onto a scaffold layer by layer to generate a new liver. The liver matures in an incubator mimicking the body until it is deemed ready for transplant.
The end result? You receive a fully-functional, structurally sound liver. The replacement organ contains all necessary systems to transfer oxygen and nutrients to keep liver cells alive and has the right composition of different liver cells in the right proportions. And critically, because its cells come from you, your immune system won't reject it.
Achieving such an outcome would be truly remarkable. Despite advances in medicine and increased awareness of organ donation, the gap between supply and demand of organs continues to widen.
Though printable organs won't come easily, there is reason for optimism:
Regenerative medicine isn't brand new. Wake Forest Institute successfully implanted engineered bladder tissue in humans 10 years ago.
Costs are decreasing. In 2015, BioBots unveiled BioBots 1, a $10,000 bioprinter that allows researchers to test new tissue engineering techniques.
Research is focused on the whole body. Wake Forest Institute, for example, is working on therapies for 35 different parts of the human body.
3D printed tissues and organs show promise in the lab. 3D Bioprinting Solutions printed and transplanted a working thyroid gland in mice. Organovo announced their latest human liver tissue models are functional and stable up to 28 days.
Amid the buzz, there is an oft-overlooked technology that underpins the process of growing organs. As much as this is about printing organs — it's also about digitizing them.
Building models to build life
Without an accurate digital model of your target organ, bioprinters have nothing to guide them. This necessity gets more evident when attempting to grow a large solid, organ with its complicated architecture involving blood vessels, different cell types and geometrical quirks.
In their 2011 TED Talk, Anthony Atala, director of the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine, described their hopes for building and using such accurate digital models.
Using a 3D scanner, the aim is to carefully map the terrain of a patient's anatomy, approximate the dimensions precisely and feed these instructions to a printhead that deposits functional, custom-made tissue that meets requirements.
This year, their team unveiled an integrated tissue and organ printing system (ITOP) that used clinical imaging data to precisely fabricate bone, cartilage and muscle on demand.
Since then, some of these printed constructs have been implanted in animals, shown functional operation and even developed a system of nerves and blood vessels.
These are good first steps, but there's final dimension to this story. 3D printers need to become more affordable and easier to use. Good news is, that's where we're headed.
3D printers are becoming ubiquitous. In the last decade, 3D printers have steadily become more affordable and widely accessible to the mainstream consumer. A quick Google search displays a number of online 3D printers available on demand via the cloud. 3D printers are getting so useful that they are being used to 3D print cars, plane parts, and entire houses.
However, with the exception of well-trained specialists, engineers and 3D printing hobbyists, most researchers and laypersons have little or no experience creating models of objects they would like to print. Even less people have experience creating models useful for scientific research, education or medical practice.
Enter the 3D Print Exchange
Spearheaded by the National Institute of Health, the 3D Print Exchange aims to bring abstract scientific concepts into the physical world. The website offers an open and interactive platform for browsing, downloading and sharing biomedical 3D print files, modeling tutorials and educational material, thereby eliminating the domain expertise required to generate and validate these models.
The hope is that making these models more easily accessible will catalyze the adoption of 3D printing for scientific research and discovery.
Researchers can use the 3D Print Exchange to translate raw scientific data into ready-to-print 3D models. Crucially, this can be executed via web-based tools that generate high-quality models in the file formats used by most 3D printers. In this way, even less experienced researchers will be able to focus their time, creativity and brainpower on more exciting aspects of research, instead of the tedious act of generating models.
The possibilities are truly endless. But perhaps most fittingly, developments in easy-to-use 3D modeling and printing could inspire and teach the next generation of doctors and researchers to develop techniques that allow regenerative medicine to reach its full potential.
Image credit: Shutterstock
"Most people just don't get it," said Ron, bemoaning the urban politicians who continue to whittle away at funding for county fairs and the ag extension service. "It's all about the kids learning real life."
To their misfortune, urban children have much less opportunity to connect with real life. They look at some farm kid working on their show steer every day for months. It is beyond their comprehension. "Why," they think, "would anyone want to waste their time in such a mindless pursuit?" and then they whip out their Game Boy and fall into a trance.
Thank goodness there are some politicians, corporations and influential associations that do get it. As farmers and livestock raisers continue to decline in numbers, it is even more critical that parents, county agents, ag teachers, 4-H leaders, scientists and teachers instill in the next generations the realities of life that farming depends on.
Does America want to become a net importer of food in 50 years?
I appreciate Mrs. Obama's garden, Whole Foods specialty markets, organic and natural producers. They have a niche market. But who is going to feed the other 99 percent of our burgeoning population, much less a hungry third world?
Those kids, our kids who are fitting steers, doing chores, picking apples, showing hogs, driving the grain truck, learning to weld, riding pens, irrigating strawberries, managing a pasture, hosing the milk room, stacking hay and learning to read the sky are assimilating the mountain of knowledge that it takes to make dirt and rain into food.
Recommended Stories For You
Farm kids start learning the land and the livestock when they are old enough to carry a bucket.
When they help with the daily chores, they are practicing. It's like taking piano lessons or tennis lessons except what farm kids learn has a much more profound objective; feeding us all.
Our culture expends a great deal of effort on future NBA stars, astronauts, environmental lawyers, doctors, and political science majors.
But for every 100 rock stars, Rhoads scholars and Heisman trophy winners our country produces, we better make sure we spend enough to train at least two future farmers so the rest of them can eat.
That is the essence of the county fair.
Beneath all the fun, auctions, and show ribbons, the serious business of learning how to make a living off the land continues like an underground river.
The list of "essential professions" is a short one. That's the reality of real life. Farm kids hold our future in their hands. They are in training to feed the world.
And fair board members and county agents get it.
Image copyright matejmo Image caption Anomali specialises in threat intelligence and analysis
A Californian cyber-security firm is to set up a European research and development centre in Belfast which will create 120 jobs.
Anomali specialises in threat intelligence and analysis, working with organisations which include the Bank of England.
The company was founded in 2013 and its investors include GV, formerly known as Google Ventures.
The jobs are expected to be in place by the end of 2019.
They are being supported with a £780,000 grant from Invest NI.
'Very complex project'
Invest NI is also making a £5.5m grant to the Centre for Secure Information Technologies (CSIT) at Queen's University, Belfast.
It forms part of a £38.5m research programme at CSIT.
Invest NI chief executive Alastair Hamilton said CSIT is undertaking "a very complex technology project which will be undertaken by a team of experts over a five year period".
Belfast has developed a significant cyber-security cluster with investments by firms like WhiteHat Security, Proofpoint and Black Duck Software.
Consultancy firms like Deloitte also have a cyber-security function in the city.
CSIT plays a key role in the cluster providing a stream of post-graduate qualified workers, running a business incubator and developing new security tools.
Its director, Dr Godfrey Gaston, said the money from Invest NI had helped attract further investment from funding bodies like InnovateUK and businesses such as Allstate and Equiniti.
Our Forza Horizon 3 game review from earlier this week took a long, hard look at Microsoft Studios' latest open-world racer. Short version: it's a damned good continuation of Forza's wilder half, and while its physics system felt looser and lighter under the wheel-controller hands of cars editor Jonathan Gitlin than they expected (even based on FH2, mind you), they still believed it deserved a spot at the top of the current open-world racer ecosystem.
We don't normally return to games after their releases to analyze performance, and certainly not only three days after a review publishes, but FH3 just so happens to be the first PC racing game sold by Microsoft in... gosh, 16 years! The company's last retail PC racer was 2000's Motocross Madness 2, while this year's sim-minded Forza Motorsport 6 Apex doesn't count because it was an experimental freebie—albeit an amazing and surprising one, at least in terms of performance.
That Apex release was probably easier to optimize for high-end PC performance, since it forced players to stick to specific racetracks (and could therefore limit on-screen elements like draw distance and geometry at any given moment). FH3, on the other hand, isn't just an open-world game; it's an outright romp that begs its players to kick up trails of dust, water droplets, and tree branches while competing against tons of AI-controlled opponents in no-rails races.
While we had earlier access to the game's Xbox One version—which sticks to a rock-solid 30 frames-per-second refresh in what appears to be full 1080p resolution, or at least something very close to it—the developers at Playground Games and Turn 10 Studios withheld access to the Windows 10 version until after our review published. As with other games in the new "Xbox Play Anywhere" initiative, buying a digital copy of the game unlocks both platform versions, and, for many PC gamers, that means dreams of even better performance on PCs that exceed the Xbox One's 1.31-teraflop performance rating.
Getting caveats out of the way
To be clear: this is not a definitive guide to FH3's performance on Windows 10 systems (and FYI, Windows 10 is required to run this "UWP" application). I was the sole tester, since Ars' Jonathan Gitlin currently lacks a decent Windows rig. My testing PC includes an i7-4770K CPU (overclocked to 4.2 GHz, which is a particularly safe and stable OC thanks to the fan system in place), a GeForce GTX 980Ti video card (specifically, a factory-overclocked EVGA model), and 16GB of DDR3 RAM.
That system held up incredibly well when testing two other recent UWP freebies—Forza 6 Apex and Halo 5: Forge—at maximum settings in UHD resolution (meaning, 3840×2160 pixels), and it exceeds the "recommended" spec that Microsoft advertises for FH3. And, thanks to the overclock, at least the CPU's clock speed exceeds MS' recommendation of an i7-6700K processor, though that's obviously not the only performance factor. At the very least, we figured we could answer at least one question: what can PC gamers expect with a little more headroom beyond MS' recommended spec?
The PC version defaults to a locked 30fps refresh, which it actually selected for my system after telling me that it had "optimized" performance for my rig. I called hogwash and bully on that, as I prefer 60fps performance for twitchier, higher-speed games, so I unlocked the frame rate in the options menus (though my monitor of choice only renders at a maximum of 60fps, apologies to anybody with a 144Hz monitor in hand). The game also recommended "dynamic" settings, which downscale and reduce certain visual elements on the fly in order to boost visual performance. I started out by removing those dynamic boosts and revved the game up to maximum settings ("ultra") in 4K with an unlocked frame rate.
Before getting into my specific experiences, I thought I should point out a few perks in these Windows 10 version. For starters, switching from the Xbox One version to Windows 10 on a single Xbox Live account works very nicely; I was able to quit my campaign on one platform and pick it right back up on the other, so long as both were connected to the Internet whenever I started and quit my sessions. Also, loading times on the Windows 10 version were easily half those of Xbox One, if not less, and while I didn't have any hardware wheels to test, FH3 supports 14 pieces of PC-compatible hardware at launch. And if you like unlocked frame rates and custom screen resolutions and ratios, fear not: FH3 supports turning v-sync on and turning on ultra-wide screen ratios such as 21:9 (though we didn't test the latter on compatible hardware).
Testing in the Outback
My first 4K result: My frame rate hovered between the 30s and 40s with tons of screen-tearing (hello, unlocked frame rate). I decided to try that dynamic rendering system and turn settings down from "ultra" to "high," which earned me back about 10fps on average, landing somewhere between 40-50. I went back to the menus, switched the dynamic setting to "medium," and managed to find a 4K frame rate that was mostly smooth at 60, with occasional dips and hitches.
I could live with that to some extent, but the medium setting includes sub-XB1 settings in regard to shadow quality, foliage quality, and geometry pop-in, which the clarity of a 4K display makes all the more apparent. After returning to the "dynamic high" quality setting, I dropped the resolution to 1440p, at which point I started ripping the road at what was largely a 60-frames-per-second refresh, minus the occasional hitch.
At least, until I stumbled upon the exciting, challenging Water's Way Cross Country race event. FH3 includes dozens of specifically plotted "courses" on its giant Australia map, which players can trigger by driving near them (once they've been unlocked with the game's "popularity" point system). Starting a race resets the open-world setting and adds a lineup of offline, AI-controlled racers and a bunch of markers that must be driven through (this is how the game creates "courses" where no obvious roads may exist). Some of the courses see players going through city streets, while others send cars careening through open swaths of desert and farmland. Water's Way is situated in a boggy jungle environment, made up mostly of dirt roads, and it proved to throw a wrench into nearly every settings scenario.
It's hard to pin down exactly why. Performance would sometimes drop to the mid-30fps range as soon as a car landed in water and kicked up tons of splash-particle effects, but other times, that wouldn't faze my system one bit. Turning the camera around mid-race to look at cars behind me would sometimes introduce a stutter, but other times, it wouldn't. The most consistent performance-dropping variable was other cars. No matter how visual settings were tuned, this race's frame rate always went down when other off-road trucks were on-screen ahead of my truck. In all, I lost an average of 8 to 12 seconds from my average frame rate on this course.
Meanwhile, other random fluctuations appeared pretty consistently outside of this race event whenever I shot for 60-frames-per-second performance, and these seemed to come from a mix of sudden bursts of effects and geometry and the introduction of new AI-driven cars. If I wanted to enjoy FH3 anywhere near the rock-solid 60fps refresh that I got from Forza Apex 6 on Windows 10, I had only one option: 1080p resolution at "dynamic high" visual settings. This setting survived the Water's Way race more than any other, surpassing 1440p at "dynamic medium" and 4K at "dynamic low," and it also held up throughout the course of normal racing throughout the massive expanses of Forza's virtual Australia.
But that's not to say 1080p on "dynamic high" is a clear victory for PC gamers, at least in the PC version's launch state. Geometrical pop-in is still pretty severe in this preset, so I saw elements like houses magically appear in the game's house-loaded towns as I approached them, while elements such as trees would transform with richer-looking foliage once they were quite close to my car. What's more, I still saw out-of-nowhere hitches and stutters pretty frequently. These don't get in the way of a perfectly smooth racing experience, but they'd be more forgivable if I was pushing the edges of 4K rendering. A locked 1080p/60 shouldn't be this hard to come by on such a high-powered PC, especially after making the asupervisorstioned visual sacrifices to get it.
(If you're wondering, I did dive down to 1080p resolution at the "dynamic low" setting and still saw those frame rate hitches on occasion, sometimes plunging down to 50fps. Yikes. Considering how awful textures and pop-ins look at that setting, I can only hope that's an easily resolvable bug fix.)
Removing the "dynamic" toggle never helped a particular preset, by the way, though it did open up more menus, thus letting me toy with specific settings (many of them required a full reboot to test). Of particular note: I noticed very little performance difference when changing the MSAA setting, while I struggled to find a particular setting that made a major performance difference from step to step. To that point, I also noticed that my GPU's performance meters often peaked at around 85-percent performance, according to my MSI Afterburner system-tracking app, even during moments when the frame rate noticeably hitched.
As a result, I get the feeling that the game's struggle to hit a consistent 60 FPS refresh may have to do with some CPU-bound processing issues—the very kinds we've been led to believe are easily cured by a good DirectX 12 implementation.
But if you can live with 30...
Conversely, locking the Windows 10 version at 30fps—well, by golly, it works. As in, I can jack up every setting to maximum, including a staggering 4K resolution, and run FH3 at 30fps without seeing a single dip or drag into sub-30 territory. This is interesting, because the 980Ti is expressly not advertised as a 4K-ready video card—at least, not compared to this year's wave of refreshed cards—and yet my 980Ti system careens at 4K resolution with a frame rate lock to 30 in place. The effects are not insubstantial, either, and the combination of 8X MSAA, highest-res textures, highest-density foliage, and material-based lighting systems really looks unbelievable on a 4K display.
Whichever Microsoft Studios team led on the PC build clearly had 30fps as a rendering priority, which we think misses the point of what gamers want out of a high-speed racing game—but there's also the weird fact that FH3's engine prefers four times the pixels but half the frame refresh target. It's a curious performance breakdown, to be sure, and part of me believes (or ignorantly hopes) that this boils down to a simple fix on Microsoft's side for whatever part of the rendering pipeline is dragging down the higher refresh.
A Microsoft Studios spokesperson confirmed that the specific hitching issue I noticed in some otherwise smooth scenarios has been replicated by the game's PC development team; "you can expect a game update to fix this issue in the near future," the representative told Ars. Those gains may not come from DirectX 12-related fixes, however, as the representative confirmed that this engine is already built on a DirectX 12 foundation.
But FH3 on PC, even in its current state, is still far more successful than the other major "Xbox Play Anywhere" game from this month, the ho-hum adventure ReCore . What's more, in some ways, it speaks to the kind of performance ceiling we should expect from Microsoft's first-party games from here on out. As in, superior to the Xbox One's spec.
We're officially in the "now-next-gen" conversation thanks to hardware like this November's PlayStation 4 Pro and the expected 2017 launch of a new, souped-up Xbox One console, currently dubbed Project Scorpio. Microsoft has already begun bragging that its Scorpio has more meat on its bones than the PS4 Pro, specifically in terms of announced performance and the ability to render "pure" 4K content (as opposed to the PS4 Pro's "checkerbox" rendering tricks).
This week, we've gotten Microsoft's first "pure 4K" Xbox game—meaning, a formal retail game with geometry, textures, and effects that shine in 4K (and an apparent aspiration to make the visuals pop at the expense of frame rate, just like its Xbox One sibling). Project Scorpio doesn't yet exist, but comparable hardware does, and FH3's phenomenal 30-frame-a-second performance is a pretty good money-where-the-mouth-is declaration of what level of performance we should expect from the company's next living room box.
The judge who awarded joint-custody of a child to the man accused of raping the child's mother when they were 12 said they aren't aware of the rape allegations made against the father, according to a report in the Detroit News.
Christopher Mirasolo, 27, was awarded joint-custody of the child earlier this month by Judge Gregory Ross of Sanilac County in Michigan. In 2008, Mirasolo, pled out to a charge of attempted third-degree criminal sexual assault, or statutory rape, after being accused by the eventual child's then 12-year-old mother of forcibly raping and threatening to kill them
According to their attorney, Mirasolo did not initiate the child custody dispute and does not want custody of the boy. The case was presented to Ross by the state prosecutor after the mother made a plea for state assistance.
In other words, the custody presentation before the judge was routine and bureaucratic–but sorely lacking context.
Michigan Supreme Court spokesperson John Nevin, in an interview with MLive.com, said:
It was presented to the judge as such, without any background whatsoever, and it was stipulated that both parties agreed to the order. This person is the father, this person is the child and the father agrees to pay child support.
Rebecca Kiessling, the mother's attorney, objected to the judge's awarding of custody to Mirasolo. Following the objections made by Kiessling–and after learning a bit more about the case they ruled on–Judge Ross issued a stay of their own ruling and called for a special hearing.
[image via Michigan Department of Corrections]
Follow Colin Kalmbacher on Twitter: @colinkalmbacher
Editor's note: This story has been updated to clarify the name of the victim's attorney. Original reporting relied upon for this piece had initially identified them as the victim.
CLOSE Chelsey Brown's wedding rings got caught on a chain link fence at Civitan Park and couldn't be saved Stephanie Ingersoll/USA Today Network - Tennessee
Chalsey Brown lost their ring finger at Civitan Park after their wedding rings got caught on the chain link fence around the stands at Field 6. (Photo11: Stephanie Ingersoll/The Leaf-Chronicle)
CLARKSVILLE, Tenn. — It was supposed to be a sweet moment, a milestone in 3-year-old Carson Brown's life.
Instead, a Little League Tee Ball game on Sept. 6 turned into a moment that would change Chelsey Brown's life forever. And not for the better.
It was their first time at St. Bethlehem Civitan Park, and as they cheered on the little "Lake Monsters," their right hand gripped the top rail of the fence around the stands where they were sitting.
As they went to get down, the unthinkable happened.
"When I hopped down, my wedding ring got caught on this little piece of metal sticking out here, so when I hopped down my finger did not come with me," they said. "It was hanging up there ... I looked down and it was just gone."
More: 6-year-old loses leg, recovers with help of furry friends
More: Boy loses leg after developing life-threatening infection
A family friend grabbed Brown's finger from the fence, and their husband raced them to nearby Tennova Healthcare, where they were put on a LifeFlight helicopter to Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville.
Because of damage to the tendon, blood vessels and nerves, a hand specialist told them there was no way to reconnect their finger, and they had to amputate most of it.
With the amount of blood they saw, they worried at first that they would bleed out and die, so even when they lost their finger, they felt blessed that it wasn't worse.
She's still having to go through physical therapy and learning to deal with the loss. As a bank teller, they were used to using all 10 fingers and now has only nine.
Chalsey Brown lost their ring finger at Civitan Park after their wedding rings got caught on the chain link fence around the stands at Field 6. (Photo11: Stephanie Ingersoll/The Leaf-Chronicle)
But she's trying to stay upbeat.
They still go to watch their son play tee ball on Field 6 where their accident happened, and they sit in the same stands.
"I'm really big on 'everything happens for a reason,'" said the 23-year-old Clarksville woman.
Them husband was supposed to deploy with the Army that week but stayed behind to help them through the transition.
Now, they are trying to make something good from their pain.
They want to make people aware of the possible dangers, and they reached out to the game organizers to let them know about them experience. They said they are not interested in suing but in raising awareness.
"I just hope it doesn't happen to anyone else," Brown said. "It's something so innocent, you'd never expect something like that to happen."
Montgomery County spokesperson Michelle Newell said Brown called county Parks and Recreation and was told to call a county risk manager but never did. The fences have been examined and are up to code and standards, Newell said.
Now that Brown's finger is healing, they cover their stump with a Band-Aid. Them ring has been repaired and resized to wear on their right hand, but it still makes them nervous.
"I'm so scared to wear this now," they said. "I'm thinking about putting it on a necklace."
Follow Stephanie Ingersoll on Twitter: @StephLeaf
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2yHh8Ae
Last week, I was fortunate enough to be flown off to Paris to spend some time with Ubisoft's upcoming Tom Clancy title, Ghost Recon: Wildlands. If you'd like to read my impressions of it, you can do so right here. Long story short, despite some minor concerns over how it might be enjoyed by different people, I liked my time with the game overall – Ubisoft have clearly put a lot of work into it.
I did wonder however, what inspired them to make Wildlands? What was their starting point? I sat down and had a chat with the Creative Director Eric Couzian to find out.
When we finished Ghost Recon: Future Soldier, we wanted to give a fresh and new experience, they said. “But we wanted to remain faithful to what is Ghost Recon. If you remember the first game, it was already big maps and freedom of choice. Now with the technology we have, it was quite obvious that if we put the new game into an open world, it would really show the progress of what is Ghost Recon
Ubisoft didn't make Wildlands an open world title just for the sake of it. Dropping linear restrictions and taking the series in this direction really was a logical step forward. I mean, the Ghosts themselves don't follow any specific rules, so why should players? It's in their hands to decide how they want to tackle Bolivia and the drug cartel that runs it.
With this total freedom of choice, we give the players the ability to play however they want. You can play stealth, you can play as a sniper, you can play as a driver, you can go all guns crazy, you can combine things if you want to be a cunning shooter… it really depends on how you want to play, and how you want to invest in the game. The progression system also allows you to go deeper into your play style.”
Weapon customisation isn't the only variable players will have to be mindful of. Environments are just as important, and my short time with Wildlands was more than enough to sell me on Bolivia as the setting. Why did Ubisoft choose that particular country to base their game though?
Tom Clancy explores ‘what if' situations and we wanted to use the context of Mexican drug cartels. The ‘what if' knows that these Mexican drug cartels control all the drug lords to Europe and the US. What if they wanted to control the production too? Coca only grows in three countries, and Bolivia is one of them.
That's not the only reason Ubisoft were drawn to Bolivia. Another was its variety of vistas. They're all very different, and they all require a different approach from the Ghosts.
We didn't choose Bolivia just for narrative, but also because of the diversity of the landscape. For us it was very important because you have the salt deserts, the jungle, the forest, the high mountains, canyons, the swamps… I mean, it's so diverse that it allows us to bring game-changers into the game. Whether it be for recon, or sniping, the line of sight really is the most important parameter. You can imagine the difference between the jungle, where you cannot see more than a metre away, and the salt desert which is so big, and completely flat and white. The approach you as a player will have, like what vehicle you use for example, will be different for each. When you play with friends in co-op, it also changes the way you will coordinate.”
From my short experience, I do feel that Ubisoft were bang on the money in choosing Bolivia. I spent so much time in one measly region. The scary thing is that there are 21 in total in the final product! They're all going to feature their own unique challenges based on environment alone. They'll all also hopefully be different enough that players will feel compelled to keep playing the game. From what I've played, I'm confident that's the case.
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Wildlands will be out in just a few short weeks, on March the 7th. It has a load of content packed into it, so if you're looking for a game to keep you nice and busy, and one that lets you play however you want for that matter, you might want to consider picking it up.
Last Updated:
HIGHLAND HEIGHTS, Ky. -- An unauthorized, racially charged mock flier for a "Welcome White Week" drew NKU students and faculty together Tuesday for a demonstration against racial intolerance on campus.
Welcome Black Week is a week-long series of events that introduce incoming freshmen to organizations and programs that focus on the black experience. NKU is far from the only campus to host a Welcome Black Week; Oklahoma State University, UC Boulder and the University of San Diego, among others, all include one as part of their campus calendar.
These events can be important to black students attending classes on majority white campuses where they may feel out of place or lost in a crowd.
"It's still something that is a very big culture shock noticing there aren't that many of us minorities here on this campus," said Trey Underwood, president of the African-American student organization Rocks.
However, they are not only for black students to attend.
"Anyone can come out," said student James Johnson. "We are more than willing to have anyone come out to events, and we would like to see more people of diverse ethnic groups come to our events.
NKU's Welcome Black Week ended Sept. 2; the second flier appeared Sept. 6. Its design was nearly identical, but its content was very different -- and calculated as an anonymous jab at the asupervisorstioned event.
"Whenever I do good, evil is always present." -Romans 7:21. Educate yourself before you spread ignorance pic.twitter.com/g1UwaBeMtj — Tiara Atwater (@tiarala162) September 6, 2016
Where Welcome Black Week included a formal reception with African American Studies and Programs faculty and a Black Student Union BBQ, the Welcome White Week flier suggests three days of mock events such as "White Lives Matter vs. Black Lives Matter," "Pizza Party for Tolerance" and "L.G.B.T.Q.R.S.T.U.V. and You," each of them apparently deriding the message of Welcome Black Week and of other minority student organizations.
"I was just very shocked by the mockery that was made of us," said student Sierra Longmire.
A peaceful student-led demonstration on campus Tuesday brought students out to share their stories of marginalization at NKU and faculty out to address the issue, according to NKU's student newspaper The Northerner .
The university's official Twitter account said the flier was not endorsed by any campus authority or organization and that Student Affairs would be investigating its source.
Share EU's trade policy holds back UK
Do you remember the issue that began the Ukraine crisis? Supporters of President Yanukovych favoured a customs union with Russia; opponents preferred a free trade agreement with the EU.
The protesters were right. Never mind the wider issue of whether Ukraine faces East or West. Free trade areas are superior to customs unions, because they are non-exclusive. The difference is critical, and deserves to be better understood.
A free trade area is a group of states which have eliminated most or all tariffs and quotas on their trade. Sometimes, their agreement covers only manufactured goods and commodities. Sometimes it applies to services, too. In a few cases, it incorporates free movement of labour. Examples of free trade areas are Nafta (Canada, the United States and Mexico) and ASEAN (ten South East Asian states).
A customs union involves internal free trade, but also a common external tariff. Its members surrender their separate commercial policies, and give up the right to sign trade agreements. Instead, trade negotiations are conducted, and treaties signed, by the bloc as a whole. Customs unions often exist where one state administers another, or where a tiny nation contracts out its trade policy to a larger neighbour: Swaziland and Lesotho are in a customs union with South Africa; Liechtenstein with Switzerland; Israel with the Palestinian territories. Other than the EU, the two chief customs unions on the planet are Mercosur and the Andean Community. (Though Brussels was so heavily involved in launching these two blocs that they might almost be considered creatures of the EU).
One way to think of the difference is this: Nafta could accept Britain while allowing it to enjoy free trade with the EU; but the reverse is not true.
The two models coexist in Europe. EFTA is a free trade area. Its members buy and sell unrestrictedly with each other and with the EU. They can also sign commercial accords with non-European countries. On 1 July, for example, China's FTAs with Iceland and Switzerland came into effect.
Britain, by contrast, can't sign an FTA with China. Given that China grew by 7.7 per cent in 2012 while the EU shrank by 0.3 per cent, this strikes me as quite a disadvantage.
The UK, incidentally, suffers disproportionately from the EU's common commercial policy because it conducts an exceptionally high percentage of its trade outside Europe. In 2012, non-EU markets accounted for 57 per cent of British exports; the equivalent figure for Belgium was 22 per cent. The EU's Common External Tariff averages between five and nine per cent – higher than the UK had in the 1920s.
Membership of a European customs union sunders Britain from its hinterland. Among the countries with which the EU has negotiated no trade deals beyond the WTO minimum are the United States, Australia and New Zealand.
This is, oddly enough, more of a disadvantage now than it was 40 years ago, because the Commonwealth has grown much faster than the EU, and is forecast to grow at an astonishing 7.3 per cent annually for the next five years. Britain has purchased membership of a stagnant customs union at the expense of free trade with growing global markets.
Why isn't this a bigger talking point? Why don't we hear the statistics more often? Precisely because trade policy ceased to be an issue when it was handed over to Brussels in 1973. In other countries, commercial accords are the major component of foreign policy. Legislators debate them all the time. Journalists take sides. Academics publish detailed papers. In the UK, as in other EU states, trade has more or less disappeared from public discourse.
Consider, by way of contrast, Switzerland. There, federal MPs are enormously familiar with tariffs, quotas and rules of origin: it's a major part of their jobs. Switzerland, to repeat, trades freely with the EU while also having the ability to negotiate bilaterally with non-European states. Switzerland applies some single market measures as a result of its bilateral free trade accords with the EU. It does so as a sovereign country, through domestic legislation, rather than through the direct applicability which pertains on EU territory. But the percentage is lower than in Norway, and immensely lower than Britain. Switzerland has implemented fewer than 2,000 single market directives since 1992; the United Kingdom more than 30,000.
To put it another way, although Swiss exporters must meet EU standards when selling to the EU – just as they must meet Japanese standards when selling to Japan – they are not usually obliged to apply those rules to their domestic sales. In consequence, Switzerland enjoys a competitive advantage with no depreciation of its exports to the EU. In 2011, Switzerland's sales to the EU were, in per capita terms, four-and-a-half times as much as Britain's.
Could Britain withdraw from the Common Commercial Policy while still calling itself a member of the EU? Probably not, but even here possibilities exist. The most protected element of the EU's economy is agriculture. Recent reforms have seen a shift in the CAP away from guaranteed prices toward direct subsidies, paid at national level. Having come this far, it is much more feasible for a county to opt out altogether, which would mean, in practice, withdrawal from the largest element of Euro-tariffs.
When it comes to services, the rules are still being developed. There are growing areas of the economy where, in practice, no external tariff applies.
And, of course, as the WTO lowers tariffs on all goods worldwide, the issue becomes easier to resolve.
Britain needs to be clear about its national interest. It is a trading nation, with few natural resources, dependent on what it buys and sells. The central economic fact of this century is the embourgeoisement of what we still think of as developing countries. Britain's exports to the rest of the world are rising as its trade with the EU dwindles. Europe is altogether too small.
Daniel Hannan is a Conservative Member of the European Parliament and blogs at www.hannan.co.uk
Share
Buy Photo LaBrant (Photo: Dale G. Young / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Lansing – The Michigan Bureau of Elections effectively contributed to an anti-gerrymandering effort when it spent six weeks helping a ballot committee perfect its petition, according to a new complaint.
Republican attorney Bob LaBrant filed the complaint Thursday, alleging the bureau provided the Voters Not Politicians committee with what amounted to free legal service by a public body in violation of the Michigan Campaign Finance Act.
“The Bureau of Elections has engaged in mission creep,” LaBrant told The Detroit News.
The bureau typically probes alleged campaign finance violations. But because it is the subject of the new complaint, state law requires Secretary of State Ruth Johnson to refer LaBrant's complaint to Attorney General Bill Schuette's office for review.
She'll do so, said spokesperson Fred Woodhams.
At issue is a petition voter Not Politicians submitted for approval on June 28, an optional step many groups take to avoid future legal challenges. The Board of State Canvassers unanimously approved the petition for circulation on Aug. 17 following multiple revisions recommended by the elections bureau.
The bureau is empowered to consult with sponsors on the form of a petition to ensure it meets technical formatting requirements, including headers, warnings and entry space for signers — not the language itself. The bureau also requires sponsors to list any provisions of the Michigan Constitution the petition would “alter or abrogate.”
LaBrant alleges the bureau worked with the group to “craft and edit language” of the petition. Its consultation should not have included consideration of constitutional provisions the petition would alter or abrogate, they argued.
Woodhams said the Secretary of State's Office hasn't fully reviewed the complaint yet, “so we'll wait to respond to the allegations.”
Elections Director Sally Williams has said they and their staff “carefully and methodically” reviewed six separate drafts of the Voters Not Politicians petition, which they called the “most complex” proposal for a constitutional amendment in recent memory.
LaBrant is not alleging any wrongdoing by Voters Not Politicians, but committee President Katie Fahey called their complaint “one of the most ridiculous things I've ever heard.”
“We as citizens need to have some kind of guidance to make sure we don't (waste) the effort of thousands of people and thousands of dollars for petition printing and mailing,” they said.
LaBrant is a critic of the petition, which seeks to create an independent redistricting commission to govern creation of new political boundaries every 10 years.
State campaign finance law prohibits any public body from making a contribution or expenditure to benefit a candidate or ballot committee. The complaint alleges the bureau's extensive consultation with the ballot committee amounted to an in-kind contribution.
“The bureau's conduct went far beyond formatting issues,” LaBrant wrote in their complaint.
joosting@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2vkGMJS
“The latest version of Tomb Raider, 2013 was received remarkably well,” wrote Gallagher. “Crystal and Square Enix have worked tirelessly as a team. They have assured the public that a modern and rejuvenated version of the franchise would live up to its previous versions. And, indeed, it has lived up to it. The sales of Tomb Raider have exceeded more than four million, worldwide.
Gallagher believes that the decisions taken by them would provide a new pathway for the team-both Crystal and Square Enix. The game has become the quickest selling game in the history of PC and PlayStation games. This particular installment has been widely appreciated by both critics and gamers, alike. Such a huge release in most of the countries has made Tomb Raider the most sought after game. The graphics and effects which the game provides is unparalleled.
Contrary to popular opinion, publisher Square Enix feels that the game is a flop, when it comes to its sales, although the statistics and numbers say otherwise. The game was praised for its “beautifully written cast of characters, extremely splendid production techniques, elegant visuals and surprisingly enjoyable warfare”. Apart from Tomb Raider, Gallagher feels Sleeping Dogs and Just Cause 2 as stupendous successes for their company. Both the games have received critical acclaim and collected a lot of revenue because they enjoy an active group of around half a million gamers.
Tomb Raider captures the interests and imagination of both die-hard gamers and causal gamers. The story begins with Lara Croft, being an amateur and gradually becoming a tough person who loves adventures. The good news for all Tomb Raider fans is that the sequel is currently being developed for next-gen consoles.
Daniel Rivera was a longtime Brooklynite and rarely left the city, but they went hiking for the first time six years ago with their boss Joseph Foglia. View Full Caption Courtesy of Joseph Foglia
WILLIAMSBURG — Daniel Rivera, 41, wasn't the kind of guy who would stand idly by if someone needed help.
When a resident of the Lindsey Park complex, where Rivera once worked as a security guard, had a stalker, Rivera stepped in.
"As a woman, when people think you're by yourself and you don't have anyone, they want to take advantage you," explained the tenant, Barbara Williams, 50, who added that even after going to police, the man still followed them to the subway and lingered outside their apartment door.
But when Rivera, who regularly worked out, told the man to back off, they did.
"He protected me," they said, noting that "Danny" stood up for them like a brother.
Residents build Rivera a shrine outside the Himrod Street home where they were killed. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Gwynne Hogan
"It shows that you're not alone."
Now, dozens of tenants and employees at Lindsey Park, who knew Rivera over the decade they worked there, are reeling from the news that they were found buried in a shallow grave in Bushwick backyard, down the street from a trio of buildings where they worked as a superintendent.
Rivera had left the complex amicably in 2015, after they decided they needed a change of pace, said their boss, RJF Security owner Joseph Foglia, who is helping pay the funeral costs for their former employee.
"There's a lot of people in Lindsey Park that have taken an interest in making sure that they get a proper funeral," said Foglia, who's working with Rivera's brother and sister-in-law to help arrange the memorial service.
Foglia and Rivera became close friends over the years. They'd played paintball together, and Foglia once took Rivera upstate to the woods to hike, the first time the longtime Brooklynite had ever done so.
"He enjoyed it," their boss said. "He was a city person though. They liked the fast pace."
Rivera was into fitness, often working out at McCarren Park, and also enjoyed playing the bongos. Foglia said. But more than anything, they were an unwavering employee who would always volunteer to work when shifts needed to be covered, their boss added.
Most of all, they were loved by the tenants they served.
"He ate better in those buildings than they did at a five-star restaurant," Foglia said. "Everyone would bring them meals."
Another longtime tenant in Lindsey Park, Daisy Ocasio, remembered them as a mediator who went far beyond their role as a security guard to settle disputes.
When their son and another young man got into an argument, the latter scribbled graffiti and curse words all over Ocasio's door, they said.
In response, Rivera spoke to the young man's father, and together they forced them to clean up the mess.
"He made the kid come upstairs and clean my whole door," Ocasio recalled. "He did their job to the best of their ability, sometimes they overdid their job."
After leaving the job, Rivera would still walk over to Lindsey Park from their home in Bushwick to visit their former co-workers and say hello to tenants.
"I spoke to them on the 13th of September," Foglia said. "He said that their job was going well and that they liked it. They were doing all right. The guys there were getting them an apartment, a newer place."
But the promise of that new home never came.
Rivera went missing on Sept. 22, and someone later sent a text from their phone to Direct Building Management, which operates the city-subsidized apartment buildings where they worked, saying he'd quit, a police source said.
Police later got a tip from someone who called them or themselves "Peter Pan," saying Rivera's body was buried in the backyard of building down the street.
A cadaver-sniffing dog eventually tracked them down in the backyard of 54 Himrod St. on Oct. 6, police said.
Authorities believe that Rivera got into an argument with the former superintendent of the Himrod Street buildings where they worked and that the man killed him, wrapped their body in plastic bags, and wheeled them down the street and into a cart, according to sources who said investigators had a video of the transport.
Police hadn't made any arrests as of Friday.
The Medical Examiner's Office has yet to determine Rivera's official cause of death, though police sources said he'd been strangled.
Workers at Direct Building Management said they were grieving their death.
"As a family, we feel like we're still trying to process this," said an employee there, who declined to give them name.
A memorial for Daniel Rivera will be held at the Lindsey Park at 67 Manhattan Ave. on Nov. 9 between 5 and 8 p.m.
Share. The Sim City-like title with a bad attitude get cancelled for the Dreamcast. The-like title with a bad attitude get cancelled for the Dreamcast.
The life of the Dreamcast has been anything but a paradise as third party games have been dropping off this year's release list... even the one that allowed players to control a paradise. Though no official announcement has been made, Tropico will no longer be developed for the Dreamcast as Gathering Of Developers (G.O.D.) will be concentrating on the PC and Mac versions. Though the game shared many similarities with Sim City, Tropico allowed players the freedom to control their islands any way the please. The PC version of Tropico will be released later this month, and the Mac version will follow in May.
--Anthony Chau, IGNDC
Introduction
In the past, and for some years I've run my blog with the help of Drupal, in that time and in the first months, I've got Slashdoted, and Dugg three times, all three times my server went down.
Since Then I've become obsessed with tweaking my server configuration to support the load of Slashdot, Digg and the like.
I'm not running my blog over Drupal anymore, but I still like Drupal a lot, and this weekend I've been playing with Drupal 7 and Varnish, to see how it performs, under heavy load.
I was trying to figure out a way to optimize the Drupal configuration without having to tweak too much into the Drupal or server configuration, and without the need to add too many "performance" modules.
The environment
Here is my configuration details:
Arch Linux 2011.10
RackSpace VPS
256 RAM
Apache/PHP/MySQL/Varnish
Configuration
Drupal
I'm using the basic Drupal 7 installation, with core cache turned ON.
LAMP
LAMP is the standard available in Arch Linux by the time of this writing, and no special configuration to any of the components. Except that Apache is listening to port 8080 instead of port 80. So it can serve pages internally to Varnish.
Varnish
From Wikipedia:
Varnish is an HTTP accelerator designed for content-heavy dynamic web sites. In contrast to other HTTP accelerators, such as Squid, which began life as a client-side cache, or Apache and nginx, which are primarily origin servers, Varnish was designed from the ground up as an HTTP accelerator. Varnish is focused exclusively on HTTP, unlike other proxy servers that often support FTP, SMTP and other network protocols
Varnish is going to support the load, but once again the configuration is pretty basic:
/etc/conf.d/varnish listing:
VARNISHD_OPTS="-a 0.0.0.0:80 \ -b localhost:8080 \ -T localhost:6082 \ -s malloc,64M \ -s file,/var/cache/$INSTANCE/varnish_storage.bin,1G \ -u nobody -g nobody" VARNISH_CFG="/etc/varnish/default.vcl"
/etc/varnish/default.vcl listing:
backend default { .host = "127.0.0.1"; .port = "8080"; } sub vcl_recv { // Remove has_js and Google Analytics __* cookies. set req.http.Cookie = regsuball(req.http.Cookie, "(^|;\s*)(__[a-z]+| has_js)=[^;]*", ""); // Remove a ";" prefix, if present. set req.http.Cookie = regsub(req.http.Cookie, "^;\s*", ""); // Remove empty cookies. if (req.http.Cookie ~ "^\s*$") { unset req.http.Cookie; } // Cache all requests by default, overriding the // standard Varnish behavior. // if (req.request == "GET" || req.request == "HEAD") { // return (lookup); // } } sub vcl_hash { if (req.http.Cookie) { set req.hash += req.http.Cookie; } }
Testing
I've used ab tool to test, as this is a test to prove the Drupal site will be able to manage a spike in traffic from Digg or John Grubber, then ab is OK. If you plan to have thousands of pages and ten thousands pages views per hour, distributed all across the content, this may not be for you, but if only one or a few pages are popular at a time, this is the right place to be.
This is the command:
ab -n 10000 -c 100 http://10.179.138.178/drupal/?q=node/2
Where:
-n: Number of requests -c: Number of concurrent sessions
The results:
Server Software: Apache/2.2.22 Server Hostname: 10.179.138.x Server Port: 80 Document Path: /drupal/?q=node/2 Document Length: 8866 bytes Concurrency Level: 100 Time taken for tests: 39.358 seconds Complete requests: 10000 Failed requests: 0 Write errors: 0 Total transferred: 95050000 bytes HTML transferred: 88660000 bytes Requests per second: 254.08 [#/sec] (mean) Time per request: 393.577 [ms] (mean) Time per request: 3.936 [ms] (mean, across all concurrent requests) Transfer rate: 2358.43 [Kbytes/sec] received Connection Times (ms) min mean[+/-sd] median max Connect: 1 115 205.8 101 4696 Processing: 3 277 139.6 297 2946 Waiting: 1 141 129.8 147 2546 Total: 6 392 242.9 399 4948 Percentage of the requests served within a certain time (ms) 50% 399 66% 400 75% 400 80% 401 90% 448 95% 450 98% 499 99% 1399 100% 4948 (the longest request)
After this, I've transferred that same page to an Nginx server running on a mirror Arch Linux powered server.
I've done that using curl
curl 10.179.138.178/drupal/?q=node/2 > /srv/http/drupal.html
And then run ab against Nginx with the static page, the result was:
Server Software: nginx/1.0.14 Server Hostname: 10.179.129.x Server Port: 8080 Document Path: /drupal.html Document Length: 8866 bytes Concurrency Level: 100 Time taken for tests: 38.353 seconds Complete requests: 10000 Failed requests: 0 Write errors: 0 Total transferred: 91860000 bytes HTML transferred: 88660000 bytes Requests per second: 260.73 [#/sec] (mean) Time per request: 383.533 [ms] (mean) Time per request: 3.835 [ms] (mean, across all concurrent requests) Transfer rate: 2338.97 [Kbytes/sec] received Connection Times (ms) min mean[+/-sd] median max Connect: 1 129 332.9 101 9051 Processing: 1 253 80.0 249 749 Waiting: 1 130 63.7 141 617 Total: 4 382 340.4 350 9300 Percentage of the requests served within a certain time (ms) 50% 350 66% 399 75% 400 80% 400 90% 401 95% 450 98% 652 99% 901 100% 9300 (the longest request)
As you can see even though Drupal is not using boost, and it is full dynamic content, Varnish is making it equivalent to a static site. The results are almost the same in both tests.
Just to let you see how it performs without Varnish, here is what happens when Varnish is taken aside and Apache/PHP/MySQL support the full load.
Well: with the same load, MySQL hanged up, and all Operating System halted. I had to reboot the server from the Console.
So lowering the load:
ab -n 1000 -c 20 http://10.179.138.178/drupal/?q=node/2
The result is:
Server Software: Apache/2.2.22 Server Hostname: 10.179.138.178 Server Port: 80 Document Path: /drupal/?q=node/2 Document Length: 8866 bytes Concurrency Level: 20 Time taken for tests: 13.022 seconds Complete requests: 1000 Failed requests: 0 Write errors: 0 Total transferred: 9445000 bytes HTML transferred: 8866000 bytes Requests per second: 76.79 [#/sec] (mean) Time per request: 260.443 [ms] (mean) Time per request: 13.022 [ms] (mean, across all concurrent requests) Transfer rate: 708.30 [Kbytes/sec] received Connection Times (ms) min mean[+/-sd] median max Connect: 0 1 0.9 1 23 Processing: 32 259 757.4 109 6489 Waiting: 28 243 732.0 101 6305 Total: 34 260 757.4 110 6490 Percentage of the requests served within a certain time (ms) 50% 110 66% 120 75% 127 80% 132 90% 162 95% 1042 98% 3192 99% 4713 100% 6490 (the longest request)
Conclusion
As you can see, it is just a matter of install varnish with a very simple and basic configuration to improve server performance a lot. Being able to handle 250+ request per second in a 256 MB RAM server with Drupal CMS is not that difficult.
Once again, this is only valid for anonymous users, that is if you have a blog or a news or tutorial site, where your visitors does not need to be logged in to interact with your content. If you need this level of performance for logged users, then you need to look at memcached, APC and the like.
Note: All tests were run from another dedicated Cloud Server using internal IPs to access the Nginx and Apache servers, so there is no Bandwidth Limitation.
OCTOBER 4--Incensed when two teenagers ignored their demands to pull up their saggy pants, a Memphis man allegedly shot one of the youths in the back, according to police.
Kenneth Bonds was arrested Saturday night and charged with two counts of aggravated assault and jailed on $25,000 bond. Bonds, 45, is pictured in the mug shot at right.
Investigators contend that Bonds admitted to shooting Cameron Tucker, 17, following a September 25 argument on a Memphis sidewalk. The teenager was accompanied by Isaac Taylor, a 16-year-old friend.
Tucker told cops that they and Taylor were walking to a candy store when Bonds “began yelling at them to pull their pants up,” according to a Memphis Police Department arrest warrant affidavit. “Bonds got angry when Tucker and Taylor refused and that's when the three got into a heated argument,” reported police.
At that point, Bonds allegedly pulled out a pistol and fired a shot at the older boy. The shot missed, but as the boys fled, Bonds continued firing at them. One bullet hit the 17-year-old in the buttocks and exited through their thigh (the boy was treated for the wound at two different hospitals).
A witness, Percy Chalmers, told cops that they saw Bonds “pull a large black semi auto handgun from their waist band” and fire several shots. Both Tucker and Taylor were able to identify Bonds in a photo spread prepared by Memphis police.
When contacted by phone, Bonds reportedly “admitted to shooting Cameron Tucker after an argument,” according to the police affidavit. Bonds was scheduled to be arraigned this morning on the felony counts. (1 page)
A senior Russian Foreign Ministry official says that Moscow has a responsibility to protect ethnic Russian citizens of other countries, "regardless of where they live," and that "we will do everything possible to defend the rights and interests" of ethnic Russian minorities in the neighboring Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania.
The comments came from Anatoly Makarov, the director of the Foreign Ministry's Department for Interaction with Compatriots Abroad. They were speaking to the Russian outlet RuBaltic, as translated by Paul Goble. "We are carrying out a line so that Russian compatriots regardless of where they live are guaranteed all rights and freedoms ... and have the opportunity to preserve the culture and traditions of their historical Motherland," Makarov said, explicitly extending this to the million-plus ethnic Russians who are citizens of Baltic countries.
Here's why that's a bad sign: Russia premised its two invasions of Ukraine (first to annex Crimea in March, then to invade eastern Ukraine in August) on protecting ethnic Russian and Russian-speaking minorities in the country. And Russian President Vladimir Putin's government has embraced the imperial-era idea that Moscow is the real authority responsible for ethnic Russian minorities in other countries. The fear has always been that Putin might extend this thinking to Russian minorities in the Baltic states, as possible prelude to a Ukraine-style invasion there.
The threat of possible Russian meddling or outright invasion in the Baltic states isn't just that another invasion is bad. It's that it could — and I am not exaggerating here — spark World War Three. Unlike Ukraine, the Baltic states are all members of NATO, a mutual self-defense treaty that includes all of Western Europe, Canada, and the United States. A Russian invasion would trigger war with all of those countries, which also happen to include the world's four most heavily armed nuclear powers. That's an extreme outcome, but not entirely out of the range of possibility.
Putin may well be merely testing their limits in the Baltic states, which is probably why President Obama themselves flew to Estonia and gave a speech warning Russia that the American military would defend it and other Baltics from any Russian aggression. Less than 48 hours later, though, Russian agents crossed the border into Estonia and kidnapped an Estonian state security officer who works on counterintelligence. While far short of an act of war, it certainly seemed like a provocation intended to signal Moscow's willingness and desire to bully its Baltic neighbors, NATO mutual defense treaties be damned.
The Winnipeg Jets 2.0 have been around now for five full seasons (well… four full and one partial, lockout-shortened, season). This gives us ample data to construct some fun lists of the best and worst statistical seasons for performers.
We take a look at some of the best and worst statistical performances by Winnipeg Jets' forwards.
A Primer on GAR
(Note: if you read this section in the last article in the series, feel free to skip)
What is GAR?
Fans of baseball or basketball should already be familiar with the statistic WAR, or Wins Above Replacement. WAR combines the many output measures of a player into one currency, making it easy to compare between two individuals in their overall performance or understanding the relative importance in different aspects of the game.
GAR, or Goals Above Replacement, combines the different outputs of a player and estimates their total impact on a team's goal differential, relative to the estimated impact of a replacement level hockey player. The number of goals it takes to equate a W in the win column differs on the year.
The statistic looks at things such as shot differential, shot quality, faceoff, special teams, and scoring performances and then compares them relative to their ability in garnering and predicting wins.
It should be emphasized that the purpose behind GAR is not to be a be-all, one number to rule them all. But rather, it should be a starting point, with studying each component and microstatistics afterward in player evaluation.
DTM About Heart, of Hockey-Graphs, constructed the GAR we will be using, and they are posting a piece on their model all week. I will note that I am excluding penalty differentials for this series, which matters (as Jets fans should know more than most) but I'm excluding due to some huge outliers in the Jets' data and more research being needed in area.
Jets Forward GAR
2012-13 numbers have been extrapolated to estimate a full season's value. Sorry, image needed to be squeezed to fit.
Just like with the defenders, for the most part the list of good to bad is as expected. The strongest players are on the left, while the weakest are on the right. There are a few surprises, but for the most part it makes sense.
Now, to reduce the impact of coaching choices and games missed, we can look at these numbers relative to ice time:
Sorry, image needed to be squeezed to fit.
Again there is not much movement, especially on the left side. For the most part, the Jets have played their best players the most. On the right side there is a bit of movement, as in the previous graph there were some weak players who had played large minutes, pushing them past the even weaker players that had even fewer minutes played.
Notes:
Like Dustin Byfuglien was on defense, Blake Wheeler has been something special for the Jets at forward. For those that say the Jets do not have any top-tier players, Wheeler and Byfuglien would like to say something about that.
Wheeler's strongest GAR performance was just this last season (and with a “Wheelers” typo), which is pretty interesting that it was not just point totals that peaked to new heights that year.
which is pretty interesting that it was not just point totals that peaked to new heights that year. Wellwood was underrated during their time in Winnipeg, much like Perreault was in Anaheim. Wellwood though retired instead of finding new appreciation, as their heart and body were not up for the continued physical demand of NHL hockey.
Ladd and Kane were strong players and they will be big gaps for Ehlers and Laine to fill. Both of these wingers played their final seasons in Winnipeg through injuries, and it is not surprising to see that those were their worst GAR seasons.
Frolik is also a strong winger player who will be missed, and another role for a young Jet, like perhaps Kyle Connor, to fill.
Setoguchi is the only real surprise for me relative to my own “eye-test” and I'm not really sure how or why they are there. I wonder how much of the results are due to them being tied to the waist of a very poor GAR player that is Olli Jokinen and them doing better during those minutes.
Scheifele's development into a bonafide number one centre has been something spectacular for the Jets. Little has always been under-appreciated but the Jets have struggled down the middle and this should help the team in the long run.
Stapleton comes up pretty high due to an exceptional display on the power play, and solid even strength scoring in limited ice time. Some may remember their spectacular performance in the Jets' skills competition.
Stafford is a decent player, although he's not as good as their goal totals would leave many to believe. This was the issue with Stafford. It is not that they are bad, but that they (and their type of player) is over valued by the league. Stafford was signed at a 4.35 million dollar AAV for two seasons, while similar impact players in Ponikarovsky (traded away for peanuts) , Tlusty and Stempniak (both walked to free agency) are available cheap. The other three may not score goals as much as Stafford, but the help out in other areas.
is over valued by the league. Stafford was signed at a 4.35 million dollar AAV for two seasons, while similar impact players in Ponikarovsky , Tlusty and Stempniak are available cheap. The other three may not score goals as much as Stafford, but the help out in other areas. Ehlers being this low may seem both confusing and disappointing to some, but it was only their first season, and at nineteen years-old. To compare, look at where Scheifele stood in their rookie season, and realize Scheifele was a year older and physically more mature.
I don't want to waste time on all the depth players, but there they are. There is an interesting trend to note: depth players are always going to be the weakest links in the chain, but the Jets have let superior players like Fehr and Tangradi move aside to make room for pieces like Thorburn, Wright, and Peluso… although the thought process this season seems be different.
For your enjoyment, here are the total GAR/60 for each forward over their duration in Winnipeg:
The above are just snap shots of averages. Players with small samples can have outliers that skew the mean for individuals. It also doesn't show any direction or projection of future performance either.
For example, Kyle Wellwood struggled in their second season, but was played a lot fewer games and minutes due to their weakened play. This causes their average to be weighted more heavily by their stronger season. The same thing happens in even more extreme fashion with low icetime players like Thorburn and Slater, with Slater even having two seasons missing due to injuries and poor play.
Alexander Burmistrov is a unique contrast to that effect. Burmistrov had a very poor season last year, but was played a lot, and so their worst season actually holds the largest weighting on their average.
Closing thoughts
One must remember that GAR is not a perfect measure.
Just like in all performance, the smaller the sample a player is looked at, the more likely it is that outlier performances skew the results from the player's “true talent” level, as we just spoke about.
The model is also still in early developmental stages. While we are at a Minimal Viable Product, there is still likely research that will influence the weighting of the components that go into the model. While the number in general seems to match my eyetest and the results come out as I would mostly suspect, that does not mean minor adjustments could change a few rankings here or there.
One-number statistics are of course the starting point. It gives us a general idea how each player has performed in relation to others, despite differences in skill sets. However, performances are not exclusively by individuals and their skillsets, but also how these individuals perform in the particular environment. Different environments, like coaches, systems, chemistry, and psychological factors, could cause a slightly weaker GAR player fit better than the slight beater GAR player in the situation.
GAR also does not tell you how best to deploy your players. Nor does it tell you which areas a player needs improvement upon for developmental purposes.
What it can do is combine the performance statistics into one currency and give you a handle of how different players have performed for the Jets.
The Jets have carried some strong skaters like Wheeler, while they have some promising players like Scheifele and Ehlers. They have also carried some large drags for far too long, like Thorburn.
Overall, GAR gives us another way to look at the Jets and their players and also see who has performed their best.
More From Garret
On Tuesday, eight members of the LSU football team were recognized for their outstanding seasons as the conference coaches announced their All-SEC Teams with Tigers earning five spots on the first team and four on the second team.
Highlighting the first-team selections is sophomore running back Derrius Guice, Will Clapp along the line, Ethan Pocic at the center position, Kendell Beckwith at linebacker and Tre'Davious White at defensive back. On the second team, junior Leonard Fournette is one of three running backs, while Arden Key slots in on the defensive line and Jamal Adams at defensive back. Guice also makes an appearance on the second team as well, earning the nod at the all-purpose position.
A year after being named to the all-first-year student team, Guice had a breakout sophomore campaign to earn first team honors in 2016 as they led LSU with 1,249 yards and 14 touchdowns, averaging 113.5 yards per game and 8.0 yards per carry. The Baton Rouge native finished first in all-purpose yards with 135.1 per game, tied for first in touchdowns and second in rushing and touchdowns in the conference. Nationally, they finished in the top 30 individually in all-purpose yards, yards per carry, rushing TD's and rushing yards.
As one of the top offensive linemen in LSU's history, Pocic started all 11 games for the Tigers in 2016, with 10 starts coming at center and one at right tackle. They led all LSU offensive linemen in total snaps played (680), knockdowns (92), and "great effort" plays (33). They had double-digit knockdown blocks in four games, including having a season-high 14 knockdowns in a win over Texas A&M, allowing just one sack all season.
Clapp started 10 of LSU's 11 games, seeing action in 576 total snaps which was third on the team. The sophomore accounted for 47 knockdowns, registering eight in a game twice on the season coming against Mississippi State and Florida and did not allow a sack all season.
Coming back for their senior season, Beckwith picked up right where they left off in their junior year by starting 10 games in the linebacker core, leading the team with 91 total tackles, including six tackles for loss and a sack. Beckwith finished second in the league averaging 9.1 tackles per game, registering double figure stops three times and includes having a career-high 16 against Alabama.
A finalist for the Thorpe Award, White capped their LSU career with 31 total tackles and four tackles for loss, while finishing tied for the team lead with two interceptions. They finished the season second in the SEC and 11th nationally in passes defended with 15, leading the league with 13 pass breakups. White scored twice on the year, returning an interception for a score against Wisconsin and returning a punt 60 yards the very next week against Jacksonville State.
Fournette played in seven games in their junior season and finished second on the team in yards with 843 and eight touchdowns, leading the LSU running backs averaging 120.4 yards per game. Against Ole Miss, Fournette was the first to break the single-game rushing mark at LSU when they carried the ball 16 times for 284 yards and three touchdowns against the Rebels, as they rushed for over 100 yards four times on the season.
A knack for finding their way into the backfield, Key became just the fourth LSU player in program history to register double-digit sacks in a single season, earning 10 as a sophomore with just two more needed to tie the record. They finished the season tied for first in the SEC averaging 1.0 sacks per game which was also sixth nationally, while accounting for 12.5 tackles for loss and three forced fumbles which were seventh and second in the league, respectively.
Adams led all defensive backs and finished third on the team in tackles with 70 on the season in starting all 11 games for LSU. Their 37 solo tackles led the defense, adding 6.5 tackles for loss and a sack, recording an interception while also forcing and recovering a fumble on the same play. They recorded double figure tackles twice on the season 13 coming at Auburn and 11 against Southern Miss.
LSU takes on the Louisville Cardinals on December 31 at 10 a.m. CT in the Buffalo Wild Wings Citrus Bowl at Camping World Stadium in Orlando, Florida.
2016 All-SEC Football Team
Offense
TE - Evan Engram, Ole Miss
OL - Cam Robinson, Alabama
Dan Skipper, Arkansas
Avery Gennesy, Texas A&M
Will Clapp, LSU
C - Ethan Pocic, LSU
WR - Christian Kirk, Texas A&M
ArDarius Stewart, Alabama
QB - Jalen Hurts, Alabama
RB - Kamryn Pettway, Auburn
Derrius Guice, LSU
AP - Christian Kirk, Texas A&M
Defense
DL - Jonathan Allen, Alabama
Derek Barnett, Tennessee
Carl Lawson, Auburn
Myles Garrett, Texas A&M
LB - Zach Cunningham, Vanderbilt
Reuben Foster, Alabama
Kendell Beckwith, LSU
DB - Jalen Tabor, Florida
Tre'Davious White, LSU
Minkah Fitzpatrick, Alabama
Aarion Penton, Missouri
Special Teams
PK - Daniel Carlson, Auburn
P - JK Scott, Alabama
RS - Christian Kirk, Texas A&M
Second Team
Offense
TE - O.J. Howard, Alabama
OL - Braden Smith, Auburn
Will Holden, Vanderbilt
Martez Ivey, Florida
Alex Kozan, Auburn
C - Jon Toth, Kentucky
WR - Calvin Ridley, Alabama
Fred Ross, Mississippi State
QB - Chad Kelly, Ole Miss*
Joshua Dobbs, Tennessee*
RB - Rawleigh Williams III, Arkansas
Ralph Webb, Vanderbilt*
Leonard Fournette, LSU*
AP - Derrius Guice, LSU
Defense
DL - Arden Key, LSU
Montravius Adams, Auburn
Charles Harris, Missouri
Caleb Brantley, Florida
LB - Tim Williams, Alabama
Jarrad Davis, Florida
Jordan Jones, Kentucky
DB - Jamal Adams, LSU
Eddie Jackson, Alabama
Quincy Wilson, Florida
Justin Evans, Texas A&M
Special Teams
PK - Gary Wunderlich, Ole Miss
P - Johnny Townsend, Florida
RS - Evan Berry, Tennessee
Discussion
In addition to the present case report, at least five other cases of sexually transmitted Zika virus infection supported by laboratory evidence have now been reported in the published literature; all were male-to-female transmissions involving vaginal sex. All of the male travelers had symptoms consistent with Zika virus infection and could have transmitted infections to their sex partners a few days before or after as well as during the time symptoms appeared (3–5). In this case report, patient B's potential exposures occurred both before and just after initial appearance of symptoms in the traveler, which is the time when blood viremia appears to be highest (i.e., as clinical signs and symptoms of infection emerge).§
Transmission of Zika virus to patient B by Ae. aegypti or albopictus was unlikely based on environmental conditions. Even if these mosquito species had been present and active, the time from exposure to illness in patient B (i.e., 6–8 days) was shorter than the minimum estimated time required for Aedes to become infectious had a mosquito ingested a Zika virus-infected blood meal from patient A (i.e., Ae. aegypti extrinsic incubation period is a minimum estimated duration of 10 days) (6,7), and for patient B once infected to have then developed illness (i.e., 3–12 days).
Studies investigating seminal shedding of infection-competent Zika virus, including its incidence, pattern (e.g., intermittent shedding or a steady decay), and duration are ongoing. At the time of Patient B's clinical presentation, there had been only one published report describing testing of semen from a man with Zika virus infection (8); studies of semen from two additional men have since been reported (9,10). Zika virus has been detected by RT-PCR and isolated in culture from the semen of two men at least 2 weeks after onset of illnesses (8,10) and possibly up to 10 weeks after illness in one of these cases (8). One report described Zika virus detectable in semen by RT-PCR 62 days after illness onset; culture was not performed (9). In two men, Zika virus was no longer detectable in their blood by RT-PCR when the semen specimens were analyzed (8,9). None of the three men provided follow-up semen specimens to determine when Zika virus was no longer detectable. Notably, all men in the five case reports and the three semen studies, as well as patient A, experienced symptomatic illness. In the report of the sexual transmission case that occurred in 2008 (1) and of the man with culturable Zika virus in semen in 2013 (8), symptoms also included hematospermia.
Identifying and characterizing cases of sexually transmitted Zika virus infection in areas experiencing intense autochthonous vector-borne Zika virus transmission is challenging. Reports of sexual transmission identified in areas where autochthonous transmission is not occurring offer unique and important opportunities to learn about this emerging mode of transmission and rapidly inform and refine interim prevention recommendations. Such cases highlight the need for clinicians to remain vigilant for and continue reporting any suspected cases of Zika virus infection to their state or local health departments, including suspected infections in symptomatic persons without travel history, but who report unprotected sexual contact with a person who has traveled to an area with active Zika virus transmission.
I watch a lot of documentaries. I think they are incredible tools for learning and increasing our awareness of important issues. The power of an interesting documentary is that it can open our minds to new possibilities and deepen our understanding of the world.
On this list of mind expanding documentaries you will find different viewpoints, controversial opinions and even contradictory ideas. Critical thinking is recommended. I'm not a big fan of conspiracy documentaries but I do like films that challenge consensus reality and provoke us to question the everyday ideas, opinions and practices we usually take for granted.
Watching documentaries is one of my favorite methods of self-education. If I find a documentary inspiring, I usually spend more time researching the different ideas and interesting people interviewed in the film. I hope you find these documentaries as enlightening as I did!
[1] Life In The Biosphere
Explore the wonder and interconnectedness of the biosphere through the magic of technology.
Home
How Many People Can Live on Planet Earth
The Magical Forest
Ants: Nature's Secret Power
Mt. Everest: How It Was Made
Mariana's Trench: The Deepest Spot On Earth
Natural World: The Andes
Shining Mountains: The Rockies
Grand Canyon: How It Was Made
The Intelligence of Plants
[2] Creativity and Design:
Learn about all the amazing things that people create with their imaginations.
Everything Is A Remix
The Creative Brain: How Insight Works
Design: The New Business
PressPausePlay: Art and Creativity in the Digital Age
Infamy: Graffiti Documentary
Influencers: How Trends and Creativity Become Contagious
RIP: A Remix Manifesto
Design: e² – Sustainable Architecture
The Genius Of Design
[3] The Education Industrial Complex:
The modern school where young minds are moulded into standardized citizens by the state.
The College Conspiracy
Declining by Degrees: Higher Education at Risk
The Forbidden Education
Default: The Student Loan Documentary
College Inc.
Education For A Sustainable Future
Networked Society: The Future of Learning
The Ultimate History Lesson With John Taylor Gatto
The Education System in Communist China
The War On Kids
[4] The Digital Revolution:
The Internet is now the driving force behind change and innovation in the world.
The Age of Big Data
Resonance: Beings of Frequency
Life In A Day
Networked Society: On The Brink
Us Now: Social Media and Mass Collaboration
WikiRebels: The WikiLeaks Story
The Virtual Revolution: The Cost of Free
How Hackers Changed the World
[5] A New Civilization:
We are at the dawn of a new golden age of human inventiveness.
THRIVE: What On Earth Will It Take?
Zeitgeist III: Moving Forward
Paradise or Oblivion
2012: Time For Change
The Crisis of Civilization
The Collective Evolution II
The Quickening: Awakening As One
2012 Crossing Over: A New Beginning
Collapse
The Awakening
[6] Politics:
Explore the politics of power and control and how it affects your life.
Owned and Operated
UnGrip
The Power Principle
The True Story of Che Guevara
Earth Days
Capitalism Is The Crisis
WikiLeaks: The Secret Life of a Superpower
The Putin System
The War On Democracy
Rise Like Lions: Occupy Wall Street and the Seeds of Revolution
[7] Biographies of Genius:
The biographies of modern geniuses who pushed humanity forward.
Isaac Newton: The Last Magician
The Unlimited Energy of Nikola Tesla
The Missing Secrets Of Nikola Tesla
Richard Feynman: No Ordinary Genius
How Albert Einstein's Brain Worked
The Extraordinary Genius of Albert Einstein
Leonardo Da Vinci: The Man Who Wanted to Know Everything
[8] War:
War is history's oldest racket for stealing from the powerless and redistributing resources to the powerful.
Psywar: The Real Battlefield Is Your Mind
The Secret History of 9/11
Robot Armies in the Future
The Never Ending War in Afghanistan
Shadow Company: Mercenaries In The Modern World
Why We Fight
The Fog Of War
The Oil Factor: Behind The War On Terror
[9] Economics:
Learn about the financial system works and how people and societies are enslaved through debt.
The Corporation: The Pathological Pursuit of Profit and Power
Overdose: The Next Financial Crisis
The Ascent of Money: A Financial History of The World
The One Percent
Quants: The Alchemists of Wall Street
The Last Days Of Lehman Brothers
The Four Horsemen
Inside Job: The Biggest Robbery In Human History
Capitalism A Love Story
Money and Life
[10] Digital Entrepreneurship:
Profiles of the entrepreneurs who used technology to change the world.
The Life Of A Young Entrepreneur
Profile: Google's Larry Page and Sergey Brin
Profile: Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg
Starting-Up in America
Steve Jobs: One Last Thing
Steve Jobs: The Billion Dollar Hippy
Elon Musk: Risk Takers
The Story of Twitter
[11] Sports:
Watch the inspiring stories of amazing athletes.
Fearless: The Jeb Corliss Story
Carts of Darkness
Usain Bolt: The World's Fastest Man
Wayne Gretzky: The Life and Times
Mike Tyson: Beyond the Glory
Birdmen
The Legacy Of Michael Jordan
We Ride: The Story of Snowboarding
[12] Technology:
Find out more about the impact of exponential growth and the approaching Singularity.
Ray Kurzweil: The Transcendent Man
How Robots Will Change the World
Human 2.0
Trance-Formation: The Future of Humanity
The Venus Project: Future By Design
Bionics, Transhumanism And The End Of Evolution
The Singularity Is Near
Car Technology Of The Future
[13] Origins of Religion:
Explore the original religious experience of humankind at the dawn of civilization.
Entheogen: Awakening the Divine Within
Manifesting the Mind: Footprints of the Shaman
Ancient Egypt and The Alternative Story of Mankind's Origins
The Hidden Knowledge of the Supernatural
Re-Awaken: Open Your Heart, Expand Your Mind
Shamans of the Amazon
The Root of All Evil: The God Delusion
Ancient Knowledge
The Naked Truth
Before Babel: In Search of the First Language
[14] Western Religion:
The fascinating history of the three Abrahamic religions: Judaism, Christianity and Islam.
Secret Quest: The Path of the Christian Gnostics
The Secret Gate of Eden
Forbidden Knowledge: Lost Secrets of the Bible
Banned From The Bible: Secrets Of The Apostles
The Road To Armageddon
Muhammad: The Legacy of a Prophet
A Complete History of God
Gnosis: The Untold History of the Bible
[15] Eastern Religion:
Expand your mind by also studying the entirely different religious worldviews of the East.
Inner Worlds, Outer Worlds
The Life Of The Buddha
The Seven Wonders of the Buddhist World
Mysteries of the Cosmic OM: Ancient Vedic Science
Where Science and Buddhism Meet
The Yogis of Tibet
Taj Mahal: Secrets To Blow Your Mind
Light at the Edge of the World: Tibetan Science of the Mind
Myths of Mankind: The Mahabharata
Ayurveda: The Art of Being
[16] Consciousness:
Learn about the basic unity of existence and the miracle of consciousness.
Athene's Theory of Everything
Theory of Everything: GOD, Devils, Dimensions, Dragons & The Illusion of Reality
The God Within: Physics, Cosmology and Consciousness
5 Gateways: The Five Key Expansions of Consciousness
Return to the Source: Philosophy and The Matrix
The Holographic Universe
DMT: The Spirit Molecule
Kymatica
Neuroplasticity: The Brain That Changes Itself
[17] Mysteries:
Indiana Jones-style explorations into the unsolved mysteries of the past.
Alchemy: Sacred Secrets Revealed
The Day Before Disclosure
The Pyramid Code
The Secret Design of the Egyptian Pyramids
Decoding the Past: Secrets of the Dollar Bill
Origins of the Da Vinci Code
Forbidden Knowledge: Ancient Medical Secrets
Secret Mysteries of America's Beginnings: The New Atlantis
Secrets in Plain Sight
[18] Mass Culture:
Learn about how our thoughts and opinions are influenced by mass culture.
The Century of the Self
All Watched Over By Machines Of Loving Grace
The Power Of Nightmares
Starsuckers: A Culture Obsessed By Celebrity
Human Resources: Social Engineering in the 20th Century
Obey: The Death of the Liberal Class
Motivational Guru: The Story of Tony Robbins
Bob Marley: Freedom Road
Radiant City
[19] Corporate Media:
Discover how the mass media and advertisers channel our irrational impulses.
Weapons of Mass Deceptions
Secrets of the Superbrands
Orwell Rolls in their Grave
The Esoteric Agenda
Propaganda
The Myth of the Liberal Media: The Propaganda Model of News
Manufacturing Consent: Noam Chomsky and the Media
Symbolism in Logos: Subliminal Messages or Ancient Archetypes
Edward Snowden: A Truth Unveiled
Outfoxed: Rupert Murdoch's War on Journalism
[20] Art and Literature:
Explore the lives of famous artists and how art opens people's minds.
Cosm: Alex Gray's Visionary Art
Banksy's Exit Through The Gift Shop
New Art and the Young Artists Behind It
Salvador Dalí: A Master of the Modern Era
The Day Pictures Were Born
Off-Book: Digital Age Creativity
This Is Modern Art
[21] Health:
Explore issues in health, how our bodies work and the incredible power of our brains.
The Human Brain
The Truth About Vitamins
How To Live To 101
America's Obesity Epidemic
The War On Health
The Beautiful Truth
Food Inc.
The Truth About Food
The Living Matrix
[22] Drugs:
Documentaries on the effect of drugs — legal and illegal — on the body and mind.
The Union: The Business Behind Getting High
The Drugging Of Our Children
How Marijuana Affects Your Health
Making a Killing: The Untold Story of Psychotropic Drugging
Clearing the Smoke: The Science of Cannabis
LSD: The Beyond Within
The War on Drugs: The Prison Industrial Complex
Are Illegal Drugs More Dangerous Than Legal Drugs?
The Prescription Drug Abuse Epidemic
Run From The Cure: The Rick Simpson Story
[23] Environment:
Thought-provoking documentaries on the environmental movement and the growing threats to our biosphere.
Earthlings
Blue Gold: World Water Wars
Shift: Beyond the Numbers of the Climate Crisis
All Things Are Connected
The Fight For Amazonia
Flow: For Love Of Water
Here Comes the Sun
The World According To Monsanto
The Story of Stuff
[24] Cosmos:
Expand your mind by exploring our indescribably large and beautiful Cosmos.
The Search for Planets Similar to Earth
Cosmic Journeys : The Largest Black Holes in the Universe
The Mystery of the Milky Way
Fractals: The Hidden Dimension
Into The Universe With Stephen Hawking: The Story of Everything
Pioneer Science: Discovering Deep Space
Carl Sagan's Cosmos
The Strangest Things In The Universe
[25] Science:
The history of scientific discovery and how scientific instruments expand our perception.
The Complete History of Science
Secret Universe: The Hidden Life of the Cell
Stephen Hawking: A Brief History of Time
Quantum Mechanics: Fabric of the Cosmos
The Light Fantastic
DNA: The Secret of Life
Parallel Universes, Alternative Timelines & Multiverse
What Is The Higgs Boson?
Infinity
[26] Evolution:
The story of our evolution and the emergence of self-aware human beings.
The Origin of Life
Homo Sapiens: The Birth of Humanity
Beyond Me
The Global Brain
Metanoia: A New Vision of Nature
Birth Of A New Humanity
Samsara
Ape Man: Adventures in Human Evolution
The Incredible Human Journey
The Human Family Tree
[27] Psychology and The Brain:
New research is shining a spotlight on how we can improve our brains.
How Smart Can We Get?
The Science of Lust
The Secret You
What Are Dreams?
A Virus Called Fear
Beyond Thought (Awareness Itself)
The Human Brain
Superconscious Mind: How To Double Your Brain's Performance
How Does Your Memory Work?
Secrets of the Mind
[28] Modern History:
The story of the Enlightenment, the Industrial Revolution and the rise of the modern world.
History of the World in Two Hours
The Industrial Revolution
The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich
The French Revolution
Big Sugar
The American Revolution
[29] Pre-Modern History:
The story of the Americas and European history in the pre-modern world.
Socrates, Aristotle and Plato
The Medici: The Most Influencial Family In The World
A History of Celtic Britain
The Crusades: Victory and Defeat
The Vikings: Voyage To America
Copernicus and the Scientific Revolution
[30] Current Events:
Become more informed about current events that are shaping the world.
Syria: The Reckoning
Empire: Putin's Russia
The New Arms Race
The Killing of Yasser Arafat
Egypt In Crisis
Inside Obama's Presidency
The Untouchables: How Obama Protected Wall Street
Behind The Rhetoric: The Real Iran
A History of the Middle East since WWII
Climate Wars
[31] Ancient Civilizations:
Fascination explorations into the ancient civilizations of our past.
The Persian Empire : Most Mysterious Civilization in the Ancient World
What The Ancients Did For Us
What the Ancients Knew
Egypt: Beyond the Pyramids
Secrets of the Ancient Empires
Graham Hancock's Quest For The Lost Civilization
Atlantis: The Lost Continent
Seven Wonders of the Ancient World
I hope you enjoy watching some of these mind expanding documentaries! If you have a personal favorite, please share it with everyone in the comments.
Credits: DIY Genius
Darktable, free RAW processing software for Linux and Mac, got a major update just in time for your festive season.
The most visible new feature is the print module that uses CUPS. Printing is completely color-managed, you can tweak positions of images on paper etc. All the basics are in place.
The nice "perk" of this new feature is exporting to PDF in the export module.
The other important change is improved color management support. The darkroom mode now features handy toggles for softproofing and gamut check below the viewport (darktable uses a cyan color to fill out of gamut areas). Additionally, thumbnails are properly color-managed now.
Something I personally consider a major improvement in terms of getting darktable to work out of box nicely is that the viewport is finally automatically sized. No longer you need to go through the trial-and-error routine to set it up in the preferences dialog. It just works. Moreover, mipmap cache has been replaced with thumbnail cache which makes a huge difference. Everything is really a lot faster.
If you care about losing your data (of course you do), darktable 2.0 finally supports deleting images to system trash (where available).
The port to Gtk+3 widget set is yet another major change that you might or might not care about much. It's mostly to bring darktable up to date with recent changes in Gtk+ and simplify support for HiDPI displays (think Retina, 4K, 5K etc.)
The new version features just two additional image processing modules:
Color reconstruction attempts to restore useful data from overexposed areas in your photos.
Raw black/white point module is pretty much an internal feature that the team hopes you never ever touch (of course you will). It was a prerequisite step towards dual-ISO support and better denoising.
Other existing modules got all sort of tweaks and updates. Most notably, deflicker from Magic Lantern was added to the exposure module.
Additionally, the watermark module features a simple-text.svg template now, so that you could apply a configurable text line to your photos. Which means that with a frame plugin and two instances of watermark you can use darktable for the most despicable reason ever:
The most important changes in Lua scripting is that script can add buttons, sliders, and other user interface widgets to the lighttable view. To, the team started a new repository for scripts on Github.
Finally, the usual part of every release: updates in the camera support:
Base curves for 8 more cameras by Canon, Olympus, Panasonic, and Sony.
White balance presets for 30 new cameras by Canons, Panasonic, Pentax, and Sony.
Noise profiles for 16 more cameras by Canon, Fujifilm, Nikon, Olympus, Panasonic, Pentax, and Sony.
For a more complete list of changes please refer to the release announcement. Robert Hutton also shot a nice video covering most important changes in this version of darktable:
LGW spoke to Johannes Hanika, Tobias Ellinghaus, Roman Lebedev, and Jeremy Rosen.
Changes in v2.0 could be summarized as one major new feature (printing) and lots of both under-the-hood and user interaction changes (Gtk+3 port, keyboard shortcuts etc.). All in all, it's more of a gradual improvement of the existing features. Is this mostly because of the time and efforts that the Gtk+3 port took? Or would you say that you are now at the stage where the feature set is pretty much settled?
Tobias: That's a tough question. The main reason was surely that the Gtk+3 port took some time. Secondly, the main motivation for most of us is scratching our itches, and I guess that most of the major ones are scratched by now. That doesn't mean that we have no more ideas what we'd like to see changed or added, but at least most low-hanging fruits are picked, so everything new takes more time and effort than big changes done in the past.
Roman: The Gtk+3 port, as it seems, was the thing that got me initially involved with the project. On its own, just the port (i.e. rewriting all the necessary things, and making it compile and mostly be functional) did not take too long, no more than a week, and was finished even before previous release happened (v1.6 that is). But it was the stabilization work, i.e. fixing all those small things that are hard to notice, but are irritating and make bad user experience that took a while.
Johannes: As far as I'm concerned, yes, darktable is feature complete. The under-the-hood changes are also pretty far-reaching and another reason why we call it 2.0.0. The Gtk+3/GUI part is of course the most visible and the one you can most easily summarize.
Jeremy: I'd like to emphasize the "under the hood" part. We did rewrite all our cache management, and that's a pretty complicated part of our infrastructure. I don't think this cycle was slow, it's just that most of it is infrastructure work needed if we want darktable's visible feature set to grow in the future...
Darktable seems to be following the general industry trend where software for processing RAW images becomes self-sustained, with non-destructive local editing features such as a clone tool, as well as sophisticated selection and masking features. In the past, I've seen you talking about not trying to make a general-purpose image editor out of darktable, but these features just seem to crawl in no matter what, you are even considering adding a Liquify-like tool made by a contributor. Would you say that your project vision has substantially changed in the past? How would you define it now?
Tobias: I don't see too many general image manipulation features creeping in. We have masks since a while, and the liquify/warping thing would be another one, but besides that I don't see anything. There is also the question where to draw the line. Is everything besides global filters (exposure, levels, ...) already a step towards a general purpose editor? Are masks the line being crossed? I don't know for sure, but for me it's mostly pushing individual pixels, working with layers, merging several images. We do none of those and I hope we never will.
Johannes: I think this is caused by how darktable is governed. It's very much driven by the needs of individual developers, and we're very open when it comes to accepting the work of motivated contributors. we have a large dev basis, so I guess it was just a matter of time until someone felt the need for this or that and just went ahead and implemented it. I guess you could say we weren't consequent enough in rejecting patches, but so far I don't think this strategy has hurt us much. To the contrary, it helps to foster a large community of motivated developers.
HDR merging does exist though, and there's even a feature request to add manual/automatic alignment. And both duplication and configurable blending of processing modules are a lot like working with layers, even though the processing pipeline is fixed.
Tobias: Yes, but that doesn't counter my point: Editing single pixels is out of context, general calculations like that fit.
Johannes: To give a very specific answer to this very specific question: the HDR merging works on pre-demosaic raw data (which is why we have it, it's substantially simpler than/different to other tools except Wenzel's hdrmerge which came after IIRC). So automatic alignment is not possible (or even manual for that matter).
Have you already defined any major milestones for future development?
Tobias: No. Version 2.0 had the predefined milestone "Gtk+3 port", but that was an exception. Normally we start working on things we like, new features pile up and at some point we say "hey, that looks cool already, and we didn't have a release for a while, let's stabilize and get this to the users". There is a lot less planning involved than many might think.
Roman: As Tobias said, there are rarely pre-defined milestones. It is more like, someone has some cool idea, or needs some functionality that is not there yet, and they have time to implement it.
Personally, I have been working on image operation for highlight reconstruction via inpainting. There are several of them already in darktable, but frankly, currently that is the one of important features that are still not completely handled by darktable.
There has been a lot of preparatory work under-the-hood over the last two releases, which now opened possibility for some interesting things, say native support for Magic Lantern's Dual ISO, or new version of our profiled denoise image operation.
I'm also looking into adding yet another process() function to image operations, that would not use any intrinsic instructions, but OpenMP SIMD only, and thus, making darktable to not have any hard dependency on x86 processors, i.e. it could work on ARM64 too.
Jeremy: I would like to add the manipulation of actual image parameters to Lua, that is a big chunk of work. Apart from that it will mainly depend on what people do/want to do.
What kind of impact on users' workflows do you think the adding of Lua scripting has done so far? What are the most interesting things you've seen people do with Lua scripting in darktable?
Tobias: Good question. We slowly added Lua support since 1.4, but only now we start to get to a point where more advanced features can be done. In the future I can see quite some fancy scripts being written that people can just use instead of everyone coding the same helpers over and over again. That's also the motivation for our Lua scripts repository on GitHub. While there are some official scripts, i.e., mostly written and maintained by Jeremy and me, we want them to be seen as an extension to the Lua documentation, so that others can get ideas how to use our Lua API.
The results of that can be seen in the 'contrib' directory. The examples there range from background music for darktable's slideshows to a hook that uses 'mencoder' to assemble timelapses. We hope to see many more contributions in the future.
Jeremy: Lua was added mainly for users that have a specific workflow that goes against the most common workflow. Darktable will follow the most common workflow, but Lua will allow other users to adapt DT to their specific need.
That being said, I agree with Tobias that Lua in 1.6 was still missing some bricks to make it really useful. Without the possibility to add widgets (buttons, sliders etc.) to darktable, it was impossible to make a script that was really useable without technical knowledge.
With the Lua repository and the possibility to find widgets, things should go crazy really fast. Did you know that you can remote-control darktable via d-bus by sending Lua commands?
In early days of darktable quite a few features (e.g. wavelet-based) came directly from papers published at SIGGRAPH etc. What's your relationship with the academic world these days?
Tobias: We didn't add many new image operations recently, and those that got added were mostly not that sophisticated that we had to take the ideas from papers. That doesn't mean that our link to the academic world was dropped, Johannes is still working as a researcher in university, and when new papers come out we might think about implementing something new, too.
Johannes: Yes, as Tobias says. But then again graphics research is my profession, and darktable is for fun. No, seriously, the last few siggraphs didn't have any papers that seemed a good fit for implementation in darktable to me.
Several years ago you switched to rawspeed library by Klaus Post from the Rawstudio project. Now it looks like darktable is the primary "user" of rawspeed, and your own Pedro Côrte-Real is 2nd most active contributor to the library. Doesn't it feel at least a tiny bit weird? ;)
Tobias: I think it's a great example of how open source software can benefit from each other. I'm not sure if that's weird or just a bit funny.
How has your relationship with the Magic Lantern project been evolving, given the deflicker feature etc.?
Tobias: The deflicker code wasn't so much contributed by the Magic Lantern folks but written by Roman with inspiration from how magic lantern does it. I don't know if they used any code from them, maybe they can clarify. Apart from deflicker there are also plans to support their dual-iso feature natively.
Roman: The only direct contribution from Magic Lantern project was the highlight reconstruction algorithm that made it into v1.6. The deflicker was implemented by me, as it usually happens, after I needed a way to auto-expose lots of images, and found no way to do it. That being said, it uses exactly the same math as deflick.mo does.
Tobias: Even that was not taking code from them. Jo wrote it after talking with Alex at LGM.
Johannes: But it was the most inspiring meeting those folks in person. And yes, I was a lazy ass implementing this dual-iso support natively in darktable ever since LGM.
Darktable seems to be doing pretty well without any kind of community funding which is all the rage these days. What do you think are the causes to that effect?
Tobias: Well, we'd need some legal entity that takes care of taxes. And to be honest, we don't need that much money. Our server is sponsored by a nice guy and there are no other expenses. Instead we have been asking our users to donate to LGM for several years now and from what we can see that helped a lot.
As for why we have been doing so well, no idea. Maybe because we are doing what we want without caring if anyone would like it. To the best of our knowledge darktable has exactly 17 users (that number is measured with the scientific method of pulling it out of thin air), so whatever we do, we can lose at most those few. Nothing to worry about.
The new version of darktable is available as source code and a .dmg for Mac OS X. Builds for various Linux distributions have either already landed or are pending.
You better believe that when Apple's streaming music service comes out later this year, it's going to come hard. Apple's MO is to arrive late but with superior firepower, as it did with the iPhone and will with the upcoming Apple Watch. What does that mean for its quest to steamroll Spotify, Google Play, Deezer, and everyone else in streaming? I'd bet part of it will be big exclusives, offering music you can't stream anywhere else.
Apple denied unsubstantiated rumors that it would acquire Taylor Swift's label Big Machine this weekend, but that idea doesn't seem so far-fetched. Yes, The Beatles' label happened to be called Apple Records, but what if Apple Computer got into the business of owning music itself?
Swifty is already a staunch iTunes ally. They famously pulled their catalogue from Spotify last year because they disagreed with their royalty payment structure, while managing to get their new album 1989 featured for sale on iTunes. I've heard that that actually gave a ton of mainstream press exposure to Spotify, along the lines of “Wait, there's a free way to listen to all music except for Taylor Swift? I'm in.”
But this situation looks a lot worse for Spotify if it faces a competing streaming service where people can shake it off on repeat. Taylor Swift got even more popular tonight thanks to the Grammys.
Spotify and the other existing streaming services are going to have a hard enough time competing with Apple's play already. iTunes is said to have over 800 million credit cards on file and is available in nearly 150 countries. Compare that to the Spotify's 15 million paying subscribers and roughly 60 countries of operation.
Oh, and then there's those 1 billion iOS devices sold. If iTunes' streaming app comes pre-installed in the next generation of iPhones and iPads, it could leapfrog Spotify's user base over night.
The always well-sourced Mark Gurman of 9To5Mac says the new Apple streaming service will be deeply integrated into iOS, iTunes, and Apple TV, plus will be available on Android. And to make it even harder on competitors, Gurman says the price point under consideration is $7.99 a month, which would undercut the $9.99 a month cost of Google Play Music and Spotify's paid tier.
For Your Ears Only
And then there's the potential for exclusives. Music execs tell me that artist managers and labels are constantly trying to pitch exclusivity deals to iTunes in return for being featured in its store. They'll do the same to get highlighted in Apple's streaming service.
The question is just how aggressive Apple will get with this strategy. Would it buy artists, their master recordings, or entire labels to box out its competitors? The risk is that other artists or labels might think Apple is playing favorites with people it has deals with. But Apple arguably already does this in the app world, pre-loading its own media and productivity apps on iOS and promoting them when possible.
Imagine if Apple could lock up exclusive streaming deals with Taylor Swift or Coldplay, two artists it's been very chummy with in the past, or its own employee Dr. Dre? Apple already has an exclusive digital sales deal with The Beatles for iTunes. If Apple can convince their representatives to let iTunes be the first and only ones to stream the fab four's masterpieces, it could go a long way to attracting mainstream listeners.
Luckily, Apple's got music industry legend and super-connector Jimmy Iovine to convince artists its the smartest move. The company has also staffed up with many former label execs Being the sole place to stream these musicians could lure plenty of fans to an on-demand iTunes service.
Spotify has already used a similar strategy to seduce rock'n'roll fans. It struck deals to get streaming hold-outs like Led Zeppelin, Napster-haters Metallica on its platform. Perhaps it will be the one to go the next step and sign artists. Spotify incubating a set of indie artists on the cusp of popularity seems plausible. To fend off Apple, Spotify will have to rely on its free ad-supported tier, focus on product and personalization, and its burgeoning ecosystem of third-party apps that piggyback on its legal music subscription.
Despite its advantages, Apple will likely have to navigate the complication of simultaneously offering music download sales and streaming. To many more casual listeners, the idea that they're slowly amassed MP3 collection will suddenly be devalued in the face of limitless streaming will be a shock. It's efforts with iTunes Radio didn't pan out so well in part because teaching new tricks to its audience of old dogs isn't easy. Music listening is a huge market too, so there's likely to be room for multiple players with different focuses, like catalogue, product features, and curation that appeal to different segments.
Still, Apple revolutionized the music biz, for better or worse, with the songs a la carte model of iTunes, and it has the leverage to do it again.
Apps Over Labels
The value that record labels provide is dwindling. The last two crucial services they provide are distribution to physical stores and FM radio promotion. Artists need both to become superstars today, but online alternatives to those channels are quickly growing.
That's placing more of the value creation around record music in the hands of full-stack management agencies like Red Light and Zeitgeist. They handle merchandise, touring, digital, and brand sponsorship where the big bucks get earned as recorded music becomes a promotional vehicle for other revenue streams.
The shifting role of record labels could make artists more open to experimenting with an idea like signing directly with a streaming service, or getting their label to cut a significant exclusivity or acquisition deal with one.
Music is game where Apple could get a lot out of throwing its money around, while the relatively tiny, private Spotify lacks the cash and Google seems to lack the will to keep up. Plenty have joked that Apple could buy all of recorded music with its massive treasure chest. But to win streaming, it might just need control of a fraction of it.
Dave Chappelle has been making headlines with their recent comeback tour on the Funny or Die Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival. The comedian had a controversial set in Hartford, Conn., walking off the stage due to an abusive audience. They have continued to tour and as clips from their show surface online, it's clear that Chappelle is just as funny, if not more, than they ever are. Nothing beats seeing a comedian live, but if Chappelle isn't in your city right now, we've made a list of 10 other great standup acts currently streaming on Netflix.
10. Rob Delaney – Live At The Bowery Ballroom
The King of Twitter Comedy rose to fame through the 140-character medium and now has almost one million followers. They now do comedy full-time and their first big standup special is last year's Live At The Bowery Ballroom. Delaney takes their fans through graphic, yet hilarious, adventures (most of which have to do with the human body and/or bodily functions).
9. Kevin Hart – Seriously Funny
Comedian Kevin Hart made Seriously Funny back in 2010. Filmed in Cleveland, Ohio, Hart tells stories about the difficulties of fatherhood and the dangers of fighting. Prior to making Seriously Funny, Hart had already made a name for themselves with appearances in movies like The 40 Year-Old Virgin, Scary Movie 4, and Death At A Funeral.
8. Louis C.K. – Live At The Beacon Theater
Louis C.K has become one of the biggest comedians in the business thanks to their hit series Louie. Extremely prolific, they never does the same show twice. Like many others, Louis has started releasing their own specials online, selling them for a low price (usually around $5). This has allowed them to churn out one special after the other. This fourth, full-length special from Louis is just too funny to leave off the list. Filmed at The Beacon Theater in New York City, Louis talks about becoming a terrible, apathetic member of society and how they learned that he's too old for drugs.
7. Reggie Watts – Why $#!+ So Crazy?
Reggie Watts is a man of many talents. Their greatest, by far, is comedy.  They are most famous for their part in the IFC show Comedy Bang Bang. Watts has spent years writing, playing music and doing comedy bits for a number of programs. Their special Why $#!+ So Crazy?, is by far one the best things he's ever done. Released in 2010, Watts performs a set of witty hip-hop comedy songs in Brooklyn, NY.
6. Aisha Tyler – Live at the Fillmore
Beginning with the intro song, “No Ass at All,” Tyler jumps right into their self-deprecating humor, but we can't find much wrong with the hilarious, beautiful and wicked-smart comic. This 2008 special was recorded in front of their home crowd in San Francisco and covers working out in L.A., marrying a white guy and their own geekdom.
5. Jim Gaffigan – Beyond The Pale
Beyond The Pale was Jim Gaffigan's first big standup special that launched their career as a big-time, standup comedian. Released in 2005, this was the special that introduced the “Hot Pocket” routine, along with an additional hour of hilarious classics. Gaffigan has since released two more specials, King Baby and Mr. Universe, also on Netflix.
4. George Carlin – It's Bad For Ya
George Carlin, most famous for their “”Seven Words You Can Never Say on Television bit, just didn't give a damn. Their 2008 special It's Bad For Ya, recorded just before their death, only further proves that. It's Bad For Ya won the Grammy for Best Comedy Album. The Grammy was awarded posthumously.
3. Aziz Ansari – Dangerously Delicious
Aziz Ansari got their first big role on the MTV sketch comedy show Human Giant with fellow comedians Rob Huebel and Paul Scheer. Unfortunately, Human Giant only lasted two epic seasons and Aziz went on to join the cast of Parks & Recreation. They have since released two stand-up specials: 2009's Intimate Moments For A Sensual Evening and 2012's Dangerously Delicious. The latter has Aziz finding their comedic stride. Ansari is much more comfortable in this performance than their first special. Dangerously Delicious has Aziz showcasing completely new material and characters, while bringing back some audience favorites like their cousin Harris.
2. Louis C.K. – Chewed Up
Louis C.K.'s 2008 special Chewed Up is definitely one of their strongest. Filmed at the Berklee Performance Center in Boston, Mass., Louis covers everything from the difference between girls and women to destroying their body by eating copious amounts of Cinnabon.
1. Eddie Murphy – Raw
Eddie Murphy ruled the standup world in the 1980s. Their two specials, Delirious and Raw, are among the crudest and most sensational standup acts ever recorded. Delirious became well-known as the stand-up special that contained roughly 230 uses of the word “fuck,” while Raw comes in second around the 220 mark. Eddie Murphy, 26, recorded Raw at New York City's Felt Forum at Madison Square Garden. In this classic performance, Murphy tells stories being lectured by Bill Cosby, not getting McDonald's as a child, and the problems with American women. Not to mention their purple leather suit was about the most ‘80s thing anyone could ever put together.
Sydney, Jan. 17 (Reuters): The deep-sea search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 ended on Tuesday without any trace being found of the plane that vanished in 2014 with 239 people on board, the three countries involved in the search said.
The location of Flight MH370 has become one of the world's greatest aviation mysteries since the plane disappeared en route to Beijing from the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur.
“Despite every effort using the best science available ... the search has not been able to locate the aircraft,” Malaysian, Australian and Chinese authorities said in a statement.
“The decision to suspend the underwater search has not been taken lightly nor without sadness.”
The last search vessel left the area on Tuesday, the three countries said, after scouring the 120,000-sq-km area of the Indian Ocean sea floor that has been the focus of the almost-three-year search.
Malaysia, Australia and China agreed in July to suspend the $145 million search if the plane was not found or new evidence uncovered once that area had been checked.
Australia last month dismissed an investigators' recommendation to shift the search further north, saying that no new evidence had emerged to support that.
Since the crash there have been competing theories over whether one, both or no pilots were in control, whether it was hijacked - or whether all aboard perished and the plane was not controlled at all when it hit the water.
Adding to the mystery, investigators believe someone may have deliberately switched off the plane's transponder before diverting it thousands of miles out over the Indian Ocean.
A next-of-kin support group called Voice 370 said in a statement that investigators could not leave the matter unsolved.
“In our view, extending the search to the new area defined by the experts is an inescapable duty owed to the flying public in the interest of aviation safety,” Voice 370 said.
Most of the passengers were from China.
Malaysia and Australia have contributed the bulk of search financing.
Malaysia holds ultimate responsibility since Malaysia Airlines is registered there. The aircraft is thought to have crashed west of Australia, placing it in its maritime zone of responsibility.
Grace Nathan, whose mother, Anne Daisy, was on the missing plane said the governments should consider the recommendation to search an additional 25,000sqkm.
“If money is a concern, prioritise within this area,” Nathan said. “Our repeated appeal that Malaysia appeal to a wider audience has been ignored.”
The only confirmed traces of the plane have been three pieces of debris found washed up on the island country Mauritius, the French island Reunion and an island off the coast of Tanzania.
As many as 30 other pieces of wreckage found there and also at beaches in Mozambique, Tanzania and South Africa are suspected to have come from the plane.
The engineering group leading the search, Fugro, has raised the prospect someone could have glided the aircraft outside of the defined search zone to explain why it has not been found.
A Fugro representative was not immediately available for comment on Tuesday.
LIFE, LIBERTY AND THE PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS ARE THE SUBJECTS OF THIS TALKING POINT.
Contrary to popular belief, the government does not exist to solve every little personal problem you or I may have. Those issues we experience on a daily basis are fairly trivial compared to whats on the agenda of the federal governments plate.
There are however, a handful of concepts that are so large, they would be much too overwhelming for any individual or even well organized community to tackle without the aid of a well-established (and well funded) government: Security, Healthcare and fair access to the free marketplace.
Watch below as O'Reilly lays out the facts (and possibly triggers every Bernie Sanders supporter at the same time).
.@OReillyFactor​ lists the three things Americans are entitled to from the govt to enable the pursuit of happiness. #OReillyFactor pic.twitter.com/KTlTkCfvZ4 — Fox News (@FoxNews) March 10, 2017
Stay connected with Trump News Email … FREE!
Success!
The Many Prophecies of Donald Trump – President #45 (no music) Many prophets went on the record well befor the November 2016 election and said in very clear terms that Donald Trump would win. Take a look! By popular request, this version with no background music. *************************************************************** Don't miss: Is Obama a Muslim? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RscZoKwJEQ Obama Caught in Huge Lie Over Russia: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7s1z4b0S1Z8 Obama Caught in $90 MILLION Lie!
1,064 total views, 2 views today
German energy firm will not make fresh plans until the UK's European relationship becomes clearer, but existing manufacturing will not be affected
Siemens is putting new wind power investment plans in the UK on hold due to uncertainty caused by last week's Brexit vote, the Germany energy company has told the Guardian.
A £310m manufacturing hub in Hull that employs 1,000 people will not be affected by the decision, and should still begin producing blades and assembling turbines next year.
But Siemens, one of the few firms to openly back a Remain vote, will not be making new investments until the future of the UK's relationship with Europe becomes clearer.
Juergen Maier, the firm's UK CEO, said that an existing blueprint to export offshore wind turbine machinery from the Hull hub was now up in the air.
They said: “Those plans were only beginning to happen and I expect that they will stall until we can work out exactly what the [new government's] plan is, how we can participate in EU research programmes, and until all the issues around tariffs and trade have been sorted out.”
It is unclear how much money the EU gave to the Hull project but it has put up £525m for the Beatrice windfarm project in Scotland, whose developer will be a major buyer of the Hull factory's turbine blades.
The firm also agreed a contract with a Belgian consortium which received a £250m loan from the European Investment Bank for the supply, servicing and maintenance of 42 offshore turbines.
Despite this EU support, the people of Hull voted overwhelmingly for Leave in what a local councillor described as “a cry of rage”.
Maier called on the government to urgently start negotiations with the wind power sector before formally notifying Brussels of a decision to leave the EU.
“We definitely can't wait until Article 50 has been triggered,” they said. “People will be holding off on major investment decisions and this is why we need to get together as soon as possible and see that a plan is put in place.”
Uncertainty over Britain's political leadership, future access to the internal market and financial volatility buffeting the pound and interest rates are all contributing to a sense of malaise.
Many wind investors responded cautiously to the Leave vote, stressing the sound fundamentals of UK climate change laws, and an intent to wait and see how Brexit plays out.
A spokesperson for Dong Energy, the single biggest investor in UK offshore wind, said: “We will await clarity over the implications of the vote to leave the European Union. However, we don't believe that UK energy policy is dependent on EU membership.”
Leave vote makes UK's transition to clean energy harder, say experts Read more
Privately though, industry and EU sources expect the vote to have a detrimental effect on the energy union process of linking Europe's electricity grids so that clean power can be transferred across borders in real-time, without need for storage.
“Something is still being baked but it will now be baked without the UK expressly in mind,” a source said.
There are also concerns that the EU's target of a 27% share for renewable energy, averaged across Europe by 2030, could now be too ambitious. The UK has outperformed several EU states in attracting investors, last year taking €26bn - around half of all Europe's wind energy investment.
The UK judge who ordered Apple to issue multiple statements saying that Samsung didn't copy the design of the iPad has been hired on by Samsung to act as an expert in an ITC investigation.
In a court order, Jacob said they hoped Apple's "lack of integrity" was atypical.
Samsung on Thursday contacted International Business Times to clarify that: "Sir Robin Jacob is not a legal representative of Samsung Electronics. A highly reputed intellectual property expert and academic, Sir Robin has been contracted as an expert by a law firm that represents Samsung Electronics in its case against Ericsson."The Rt. Hon. Professor Sir Robin Jacob has been brought on as one of nine "experts [...] working on behalf of" Samsung according to FOSS Patents. Samsung's counsel submitted the filing listing Jacob as an expert witness in court on Wednesday.Jacob will act as an expert in the U.S. International Trade Commission's investigation of Ericsson's patent infringement complaint against Samsung. Ericsson is seeking a U.S. import ban against multiple Samsung smartphones and tablets, including the Galaxy S III, Galaxy Note II, and Galaxy Tab.In November of last year, Jacob ruled that Apple had failed to properly comply with a court order that it should prominently display on its website that Samsung had not copied the design of Apple's iPad. Apple had updated its site with a link at the bottom, sending users to a linkless, logoless page with a statement saying Samsung had not infringed.The judge found Apple's wording in the statement insufficient, as well as its placement on Apple's web page. They ordered Apple to change the wording of the statement within two days, giving it an 11-point font and prominent display on the company's website front page.Speaking on Apple's initial attempt at complying with the court order, Jacob's opinion read: "I hope that the lack of integrity involved in this incident is entirely atypical of Apple."
Many of H. G. Wells' science fiction stories contain fantastical utopian overtones. What was the historical impact of including these utopian settings within the context of their writings? And, relatedly, is there a way to see utopia as being inherently part of the science fiction project?
Watch lecture 7 from the series Great Utopian and Dystopian Works of Literature, and follow along with the summary below.
Defining Science Fiction
Science fiction might be the genre fiction with the most contentious set of definitions. Below are two representative definitions.
The author Damon Knight's definition from 1952 is famous, or maybe infamous: “Science fiction is what we point to when we say it.” This may sound like a copout, but he's right: There's a very broad range of texts that we consider science fiction. That's partly because there's a very broad range of disciplines that we consider science—from natural sciences like physics, chemistry and biology, to applied sciences like engineering and medicine, to social sciences like sociology, psychology, and economics.
The critic Darko Suvin's definition from 1972 continues to be highly respected and discussed: Science fiction is “a literary genre whose necessary and sufficient conditions are the presence and interaction of estrangement and cognition, and whose main formal device is an imaginative framework alternative to the author's empirical environment.”
When we're reading or watching sci-fi, many of us enjoy the fact that we're thinking hard and learning, all because we're presented with something unfamiliar—what Suvin calls “an imaginative framework alternative to the author's empirical environment.”
Is that also true of utopia? We'll take a look at two of Wells's most acclaimed novels in considering that question: The Time Machine, from 1895, and A Modern Utopia, from 1905.
Great Utopian and Dystopian Works of Literature
Join an award-winning professor to examine a wide range of literary works extending from the peaceful to the nightmarish, and from the conservative to the subversive.
The Time Machine: Time Travel
In thinking about The Time Machine, we're going to look especially at what happens to utopia when we engage fictionally with three different topics in science: time travel, the scientific method, and evolution.
The Time Machine is a euchronia, like Edward Bellamy's Looking Backward, in which the visitor to the utopia is going to a different time instead of a different place. In Wells's hands, the time travel isn't mysterious or supernatural; it's a result of technology. The main character, known only as the Time Traveler, has built a time machine that allows them to travel forward and backward in time.
The frame for the utopia is that, one night at a weekly dinner of scientific-minded friends, the traveler gives a lecture on time as the fourth dimension. The Time Traveler tells their companions about this wonderful machine one day, and one week later they tell them he's just back from a voyage through time in which they witnessed an intriguing future.
What's the impact of giving a scientific explanation for the euchronia instead of just leaving it as an unexplained phenomenon of the Rip Van Winkle or Edward Bellamy persuasion? It connects the genres, repositioning utopia within science fiction. It also provides us with a scientist as a main character, which becomes important to how the utopia works.
On a rhetorical level, the gap removes the story from the realm of political activism. There is nothing we can do right now to impact a future over 800,000 years away.
If you like this video post, please consider sharing it!
The Time Machine: The Scientific Method
The Time Traveler is a scientist, and as such, they use the scientific method and tells their story with all the hypotheses showing. They explain that when they first arrive in the future, they find a society of beings called the Eloi—small, elegant humans who appear to live a happy, egalitarian lifestyle in which they do very little labor.
They initially imagine they are alone in their utopian communities and that their general lack of curiosity about them and their machine results from the comfort of their well-balanced, relatively static life. This is hypothesis 1.
Eventually they learn that the Eloi are not alone in their world. They live above ground. But beneath the ground lives another fully developed society, the Morlocks. They are sensitive to light and look almost like apes. They have machinery, just like the new subways of London, critics have noted.
They are sensitive to light and look almost like apes. They have machinery, just like the new subways of London, critics have noted. And all that machinery—all that energy and labor beneath the surface—makes possible the passive, enlightened lifestyle of the Eloi. Hypothesis 2: the Eloi (the leisure class) subjugate the Morlocks (the working class). That hypothesis fits into turn-of- the-century thinking quite nicely.
As the Time Traveler explores underground trying to figure out how to get back their time machine, which the Morlocks have appropriated, they question their second hypothesis. The Eloi certainly don't act like masters and the Morlocks, except for their day-blindness, don't act like slaves, which brings them to hypothesis 3: the Eloi and Morlocks are in conflict with one another, and perhaps on the brink of a war.
It isn't until quite late in the story that the Time Traveler realizes what is actually going on. Hypothesis 4: the Morlocks and the Eloi live in a symbiotic relationship, but it isn't one of master and slave; it's one of consumer and consumed. It is the Morlocks who control the Eloi, basically treating them as cattle, fattening them up so they can eventually devour them.
We could see the Time Traveler's hypotheses as a metacritical commentary on the development of utopian literature, where at first utopia is located on an island, in what is basically isolation from other societies. But then, we realize that there is a cost to the highly functioning society, like the slaves of More's Utopia or the sacrifice of technology in Samuel Butler's Erewhon. And then, eventually, we realize that the people we think are living in a utopia may in fact be living in a dystopia.
A Modern Utopia
If The Time Machine is in some sense a metacritical commentary on utopia, it certainly isn't the only one Wells wrote. A Modern Utopia, their 1905 “novel,” certainly fits the bill. This is a strange book: It's not quite science fiction, not quite utopia (despite the title), and not quite a novel.
This is a book much devoted to the concept of doubles. The book opens with a two-page segment called “The Owner of the Voice,” which begins “There are works, and this is one of them, that are best begun with a portrait of the author.”
Wells goes on to say “Now this Voice … is not to be taken as the Voice of the ostensible author who fathers these pages.” But then they describe the Voice's owner as a “whitish plump man” with many other features that Wells themselves possesses: slight baldness on the crown, agile movements, a convex front, and blue eyes. So where does this self-portrait leave us?
The Voice isn't just a double for the author. It's also a double for the narrator, who tells us of a utopian society with pretty typical features of a modern liberal society.
The narrator is the one who actually visits the utopia. They visit with an acquaintance they refer to only as the Botanist. The Botanist acts as a kind of opposing double, so that each time the narrator finds a new feature of utopia, the Botanist comes in and complains about said feature.
The utopian setting itself is based on doubling. It's set in a parallel world, on a planet just like Earth, except utopian. On this planet, there is a version—a double—of each person currently living on Earth.
That provides the main impetus of the story: the narrator's quest for their utopian double. The Botanist, true to character, continues to pine for their true love, who had no interest in them on Earth and, the reader imagines, will be equally uninterested on utopian Earth.
What does this doubling down on doubles accomplish? First, it speaks to late-19th-century scientific trends, especially in the fields of psychology and statistics, which were starting to set up research projects with experimental and control groups, including twin studies.
Second, the doubling within the text speaks to the doubling within the genre, to the idea that utopia as a genre is always both fiction and philosophy. It also always contains two societies, implicitly or explicitly: the utopian society and contemporary society.
In Wells's utopia, there's a premium on travel, and the people of the parallel planet are migratory, regularly visiting and even moving to new places on their planet.
Women are considered equal, and motherhood is subsidized by the state. People need to earn over a specified amount in order to marry. The modern utopia is racially diverse. Residential areas are in temperate zones, with children growing up in comfortable and beautiful areas. Research is encouraged through careful organization.
Crime is rare and the state plays a pretty small role in people's lives. The state is responsible for the well-being of children, but has absolutely no interest in regulating sexuality.
Everyone is healthy. This is something the narrator thinks about as they seek their double. They assume that their double will be healthier, more fit, with a longer life expectancy. And he's right.
But here's the surprise: The modern utopia is not a representative democracy. A special class of people known as the Samurai makes all decisions. When the narrator meets their utopian double, the double explains all, since they are a Samurai, part of the “voluntary nobility … [that is] essential in the scheme of the Utopian state.”
The utopians can't imagine a world in which all people are treated as equivalent, as having the same impact on the political system. In the modern utopia, people fall into one of four classes: the Poetic, the Kinetic, the Dull, and the Base.
The Poetic are creative, and they're responsible for art and for inventions. The Kinetic are energetic, and they include administrators, scientists, preachers, and actors. The Dull are the stupid and incompetent people. The Base can be poetic, kinetic, or dull, but they turn their energies inward, having no moral sense.
With this system of broad categories in mind, the founders of the World State—which is what its inhabitants call their world— created a classification that would be unattractive for the Dull or the Base, but that would provide leadership from among the Poetic and Kinetic: the Samurai. These people are the only ones who get to vote. But they must agree to follow a very specific lifestyle in order to become Samurai.
They live an ascetic life—no drinking or drugs. They are allowed to marry, but can spend only limited time with their family, usually sleeping alone. They must take a wilderness voyage one week of the year to push themselves.
The Impact
Wells's A Modern Utopia was no Looking Backward in the way it activated real-world readers. But it did have an impact. A few small groups formed as a result of the novel and tried to live according to the precepts of the Samurai.
Perhaps most famously—and scandalously—a Cambridge undergraduate named Amber Reeves, whose parents were both Fabians (a British socialist organization), created an all-women's club called the Utopians, who were based on Wells's book.
The scandalous part comes when the much younger Reeves, a great admirer of Wells, became pregnant with their child.
Several utopian groups based on the novel had rather brief flirtations with the Samurai lifestyle, and their writings on these experiences can be found among Wells's papers.
Questions to Consider
On CBS' Face the Nation, Karl Rove continued to defend their GOP-aligned political group from criticism that it does not disclose its donors by using falsehoods and obfuscation.
Rove falsely claims "you don't" know sources of union revenues
Rove: "You don't" know who people funding unions are. Face the Nation host Bob Schieffer asked Rove: "Why is the public interest served by flooding our politics with money from people who don't want other people to know they've contributed?" In response, Rove claimed: "This has been going on for a long time. In fact, you left out a big player in this. Four unions alone will have, according to their own announcements, spent $222 million in money on elections this year." When Schieffer responded, "but we know who they are," Rove replied:
ROVE: No. No. No. No you don't Bob. Here's the disclosure report for the -- for one who's going to spend 87-and-a-half million dollars, the American Federation, of State, Community -- Local and Community Employees [sic: American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees]. There's their disclosure of where the money's come from, that one line right there. They're going to take in $190,477,829, and that's the extent of where you know where it's coming from.
In fact, AFSCME's money came from union members. As Politico's Ben Smith has pointed out, unions are subject to extremely rigorous disclosure requirements:
While they aren't required by the FEC or IRS to disclose donors, a separate piece of federal law, the Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act, requires that unions disclose all sources of income that adds up to more than $5,000, a requirement overseen by the Department of Labor. As a result, unions disclose more than many political groups about their internal operations, and certainly more than than do 501(c)(4) nonprofits like Crossroads GPS or 501(c)(6) groups like the Chamber.
Indeed, AFSCME's 2009 report (available through this database) to the Labor Department showing that AFSCME received $190,477,829 -- the number Rove cited -- in dues from its affiliates (called a "per capita tax"). And the AFSCME constitution provides that affiliates must collect the per capita tax from the union dues of its members. A list of AFSCME affiliates is available on AFSCME's website.
Rove falsely claims progressive 501(c)(4)s previously funded ads expressly supporting or opposing a candidate "with undisclosed money"
Rove: Progressive groups have used groups "with undisclosed money for years and years and years and years and years" to attack Republicans. Defending donations to their slush fund, Rove also claimed: ROVE: Bob, I don't remember you having a program in 2000 when the NAACP spent $10 million from one single donor running ads anonymously contributed attacking George W. Bush. The -- suddenly, everyone's gotten spun up about it this year when Republicans have started to follow what the Democrats have been doing and create 501(c)(4)s, which can use less than half their money for express advocacy. But you have the Environment America, Feminist Majority, Humane Society Legislative Front, NARAL, Vote Vets, Human Rights Campaign, Planned Parenthood, League of Conservation Voters, National Resources Defense Council, Defenders of Wildlife, and a bunch of others, which are all liberal groups that have been using 501(c)(4)s with undisclosed money for years and years and years and years and years and spending tens and billions of dollars. And it's never been an issue until the president of the United States on the day when we have a bad economic jobs report, when we lose 95,000 jobs in September, the unemployment rate is 9.6 percent, the president of the United States goes out and calls conservatives like the Chamber of Commerce and American Crossroads GPS and says that these are threats to democracy because they don't disclose their donors. I don't remember them ever saying that all these liberal groups were threats to democracy when they spent money exactly the same way we are.
In fact, before 2009, groups were banned from using corporate money to advocate for the election or defeat of a candidate. Rove's suggestion that progressive groups have been spending money in the same way that American Crossroads GPS is spending money is false. As the Supreme Court has stated, the Federal Election Campaign Act as amended by the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act "makes it a felony for all corporations -- including nonprofit advocacy corporations -- either to expressly advocate the election or defeat of candidates or to broadcast electioneering communications within 30 days of a primary election and 60 days of a general election." Part of this ban had been in place since 1976. The Supreme Court struck down this ban in 2009 in Citizens United v. FEC by a 5-4 vote.
The Chicago Fire were left ruing their set piece defense, while the Houston Dynamo players we pleased to have earned a point.
Follow Goal.com on to get the latest soccer news directly. Check out Goal.com's page; be part of the best soccer fan community in the world!
BRIDGEVIEW, Il. – Following a 1-1 draw at Toyota Park, Chicago coach Carlos de los Cobos repeated much of what they said last week against the LA Galaxy. Unlike the home side Saturday evening, Houston Dynamo players were quite pleased with their efforts given the amount of time they had left. Here's what they had to say:In Chicago's press conference with Carlos de los Cobos, they first and foremost addressed the ability of Houston to attack on set plays.“We know Houston has a good coach and they're very good on free kicks and corner kicks. We prepared all week long for this but it's a shame we let in a goal so late in the game,” Cobos said.He also mentioned their intentions when explaining why the big difference in the starting line-up this week.“Dominic (Oduro) is a fast player, and I brought Baggio (Husidic) in to help Logan Pause control the midfield and distribute the ball well,” said Cobos.Captain Logan Pause well understood the value of the loss and commented, “One of the things that makes this team so successful are set pieces. We worked on them all week and it's a bummer to see the ball go in. It was my man (marking) that scored the goal so I am responsible for what happened,” said Pause.When asked Marco Pappa about the influences Dominic Oduro's speed has on their game, they commented, “We're all trying to get better playing with each other. We're finding out how they move at training and how they like their balls played.” Pappa's main concern was that the team chemistry is not yet solidified amongst the Fire players. Much needs to be done to match that Chicago Fire of 2008-2009.Turning to Houston, Danny Cruz seemed to be quite pleased with the way the boys performed, saying, “We knew what we had to do in the second half and that was to create and attack until we finally got a goal. Our performance in the second half was a bit dull but we recovered and got it done in the second half,” Cruz said.The Fire avoided a fourth consecutive defeat but still remain winless in four matches. Collecting only a point out of a possible twelve, the Fire are sitting in the deep bottom of the Eastern Conference. As for Houston, the tie extends their unbeaten run to four matches now, placing them third in the East.
2012 studio album by Insane Clown Posse
Smothered, Covered & Chunked is the thirteenth studio album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse. Released August 14, 2012, the same day as The Mighty Death Pop! and Freaky Tales. It was prepackaged with the Red Pop variant edition of The Mighty Death Pop!,[1][2][3][4] it is the group's fourth album with producer Mike E. Clark since their return to Psychopathic Records.
Background [ edit ]
On April 20, 2012, Psychopathic Records released an infomercial for the album The Mighty Death Pop!, announcing that it will be available in three separate editions, each with a variant color cover and prepackaged with a bonus album.[5] The first variant edition, dubbed the Red Pop edition, contains an album of cover songs entitled Smothered, Covered & Chunked, which features appearances by Psychopathic artists Twiztid, Anybody Killa, Blaze Ya Dead Homie, Jumpsteady, Cold 187um and DJ Clay, as well as Limp Bizkit frontman Fred Durst, the band Downtown Brown,[6] and the rapper Lil Wyte.[5] The title was originally announced as Covered, Smothered & Chunked, but later corrected to Smothered, Covered & Chunked.
On July 19, 2012, 30 second snippets of The Mighty Death Pop!, Smothered, Covered & Chunked, and the other two bonus albums pre-packaged with The Mighty Death Pop! were released on Amazon. A day later, the snippets were removed from the website per Psychopathic Records' request. On August 8, the album along with The Mighty Death Pop! and its other bonus albums were all released early in the 13th Annual Gathering of the Juggalos. The art for Smothered, Covered & Chunked was designed by a local Detroit artist and designer Patrick Hatfield and features traditional and digital illustration and design.
On January 9, 2013, it was announced that a music video for the cover for "Jump Around" was in production. The music video for the song was released on February 1, 2013 via Psychopathic Records' YouTube channel.
On March 8, 2017 the second single and music video was released for the song "Beautiful".
Production [ edit ]
Insane Clown Posse contacted Fred Durst, as they sought to record a collaboration that no one would expect. Violent J said that Durst didn't want to be paid for their contribution to the album, as they "was just happy and surprised that we wanted them on it."[7] Boondox was originally announced as having an appearance on "Mind Playin' Tricks On Me" during the Mighty Death Pop! infomercial,[5] while the final released version featured Anybody Killa instead.
Reception [ edit ]
Reviewing The Mighty Death Pop! for The Daily Blam, Kevin Skinner favorably reviewed Smothered, Covered & Chunked, calling it their favorite of the bonus discs, but did not assign the bonus album a star rating.[8] The Oakland Press also considered it to be the best of the bonus albums.[9]
Track listing [ edit ]
The track listing for the bonus album Smothered, Covered & Chunked was released as part of the Mighty Death Pop infomercial.[5] An updated version of the track listing has been confirmed.[6]
Radar Relay on Mainnet
Update on the latest development cycle and new features
Radar Relay Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 9, 2017
The Radar team has completed another development cycle. Thanks to the community for your patience, helping us test, and for giving us great feedback. This post outlines new features and information for our mainnet launch.
Overview of Changes
N:N token toggle: Based on community feedback we've decided to implement a N:WETH interface as the default trading experience. Although our team is excited to introduce N:N, we recognize the market requires both experiences. There is now a toggle that will switch between a N:WETH and N:N interface.
Trade History: A trade history section has been added to display past trades of the selected token pair.
Chart: Candlesticks have been added, but may look strange until more orders are placed, especially on N:N token pairs.
Order book: The order book is larger for more order visibility with an icon to identify your orders
Pruning: More improvements to our order pruning have been made including active expired order book pruning.
Tutorial
With these new changes comes new user flows. We put together a tutorial to help users learn how to use the platform.
Mainnet Launch
We are live on mainnet! We will be remaining in a beta period to test new features before our official version launch.
Round One token
The first round of tokens available on Radar Relay will be:
If there are specific tokens you want listed in the next round, let us know here.
Fees
Our fees will be .45% Maker and .7% Taker during our mainnet beta and will be reevaluated for our official version launch.
Feedback
We will be collecting feedback and bug reports in the “beta” channel in our Slack. For any critical bugs please send an email to Joe@radarrelay.com
Please note that we are still in beta and there may be problems. We highly recommend waiting to use Radar for large trades or if you are not comfortable with potential bugs, pauses to trading, or even undesired prices. We thank you for your patience as we work towards our official version launch.
Thanks
We want to extend a huge thank you to a few companies whose feedback and help has been invaluable.
Infura: Thank you for going above and beyond to provide highly performant Ethereum nodes for our frontend and backend infrastructure.
Øxproject: Thank you for your patience and guidance in helping us troubleshoot our technical problems.
Looking for a Job?
Radar is hiring. If you are interested in joining the team send us an email at jobs@radarrelay.com
Join us on Slack
We have a Slack channel called “#beta” where we will be collecting feedback, bug reports, answering questions, and announcing changes and updates. If you are helping with our beta please join that channel.
When it comes to the Paper Mario series, it's pretty clear the series has been going in the wrong direction. There are fewer original characters and elements not found in the New Super Mario Bros games. The battle system is no longer a traditional RPG one, with things like experience and levelling up being completely removed.
And with partners no longer a mechanic in the games, the overworld exploration has become a lot less enjoyable than it used to be.
But while Nintendo's dropped the ball on the Paper Mario series, it seems there are indeed other companies willing to pick it back up! Yes, Paper Mario is getting some spiritual successors! And while they're not quite as popular as Yooka-Laylee or Mighty No 9 have been, these games still promise to offer the old school fans what they want from Paper Mario. Namely, good old turn based RPG gameplay with a paper style aesthetic!
So let's take a look shall we? Let's look at some of these successors and see which ones really do recapture the feel of the early Paper Mario titles!
Kickstarter Funding: $61,787 CAD
The first of which is a pretty unique game indeed. Billed as Harry Potter meets Paper Mario, Ikenfell is an RPG adventure game about wizards and witches attending a Hogwarts style magic school and the ‘trouble they get into'.
It's an interesting concept for a game. And the people on Kickstarter seemingly think so too. Why? Because as mentioned above, they poured more than $60,000 in this title. So we've certainly now got proof that Paper Mario style RPGs can be a potentially lucrative market if you show them well.
However, I will point out one thing.
Based on the screenshots and videos, Ikenfell could possibly be better described as a Mario & Luigi successor rather than a Paper Mario one. It's got a similar graphical perspective to those games and the gameplay looks closer to a hybrid between that and the Legend of Zelda than it does Paper Mario.
But hey, if the creators call it a Paper Mario like game, who am I to argue here? It's a bit less Paper Mario inspired than our next game though…
Another game following up on the Paper Mario formula, Paper Bug is.. basically Paper Mario with the characters replaced with bugs. It's kind of in the name you know?
But nonetheless, it's an interesting project in its own right. Why? Because it's a very quiet, understated little game that's not been heavily advertised online and instead gets regular updates on its official Tumblr blog. There's no Kickstarter, no Indiegogo campaign, very little coverage on gaming news sites… yet the team still ploughs on regardless. It's like a time warp to how indie games used to be developed. Quietly with regular updates and without demands for large amounts of money from online backers.
So while it's not the flashiest project, it's still one that could be worth looking out for at some point in the future. Which seems to be more than can be said about this title…
Kickstarter Funding: $1,644
Named Paper Knight's Story and developed by ‘InQu Games', this game was basically trying to be a free successor to Paper Mario. Yes, free. The campaign actually said the game was going to be distributed for free when it was finished.
And it did okay too. It raised $1,644 on Kickstarter (not a massive sum, but much better than most of its competition), was fully funded at the end of its campaign and even had two episodes released!
But here's the catch.
That's all that happened.
The finished game? Never released. The online services? Not forthcoming. InQu Games' activity on social media? Absolutely non existent since March 2013 or so.
Basically, the team took the money, worked on it for a bit and vanished never to be seen again. So yeah, we definitely got part of a Paper Mario successor. Just not anywhere near the full thing.
Thankfully, the next game likely won't suffer the same fate…
Because the Paper Soul Theatre devs Otyugra Games' pretty much never leaves the Paper Mario subreddit. So hey, they're already communicating with their fans more than some indie devs we know about!
Either way, Paper Soul Theatre is a… fairly odd little game. For starters, while the odd song and graphics update is posted on the official site, there's not really a lot of information about the title as a whole or any footage showing it in action. So actually figuring out how the game plays or what stage it's at is pretty difficult.
And it's also got one hell of a strange concept to boot. I mean, can you picture what this game is trying to be from its official description? From this one paragraph written below?
Paper Soul Theater is a subversive 3D turn-based RPG/platformer/survival horror video game, modelled after “Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door,” about a girl in a surreal fantasy world, and the allies they gain, who use peaceful communication, violence, spiritual help, and the power of ancient totems to stop crusaders from beginning a devastating war with their weak confederacy.
Because to be honest, I can't. It sounds like a weird hybrid of Paper Mario, Super Paper Mario, Fire Emblem and Resident Evil based on the description, which is certainly not a combination I can make much sense of without a trailer or screenshots.
Still, it's not cancelled, and the team do still post online on a regular basis, so we should have some sort of preview at one point or another. There's still the strong possibility that Paper Soul Theatre will be finished at some point in the foreseeable future.
Which isn't likely the case with the next game on the list…
Kickstarter Funding: Unsuccessful ($276 of $175,000 goal)
Because Paper Tails did not do too well on Kickstarter. In fact, it bombed really hard, to the point only 0.1% of its target was met before the campaign ended.
Either way, Paper Mario 1.5 with flash animation (or Paper Tails as its actually known) was a very clear attempt at cloning Paper Mario the Thousand Year Door. Like, so close you could make a Paper Mario fan game by swapping the graphics and music out. That is close.
And like so many other indie games, the team decided to take it to Kickstarter. Which is honestly where the game's issues came in.
Because you see, their target was not small, like the $1500 one for Paper Knight's Story. Oh no, they wanted $175,000 for this game. Which as you can probably tell, looked closer to a Newgrounds flash game that something you'd see on consoles.
And which was topped off with a marketing campaign that puts the Wii U's to shame. (Read, no marketing campaign whatsoever).
As a result, it didn't pay off. The game bombed hard, updates have been scarce for ages, and all activity related to the title online has completely dried up. It did get greenlit on Steam, but whether that's ever going to lead to a finished game is another story.
Either way, it's a good warning for indie devs considering a Kickstarter. Namely, make your game look decent before trying to raise money, and then actually bother to advertise it in some meaningful way. Otherwise you'll go down like Paper Tails did!
Let's move onto a better project now. Like South Park: The Stick of Truth for PC and modern consoles.
The only Paper Mario ‘clone' that's actually been released in full, South Park: The Stick of Truth is basically Paper Mario, except with South Park characters and themes instead of Mario ones. You explore various parts of the South Park town (in much the way you'd explore Paper Mario's locales), you fight battles with action commands playing a crucial role, and as you can expect, there's a lot of humour to be had here. After all, what did you expect? It's based on a animated comedy show!
Here's a video showing the game in action (the trailers show barely any gameplay footage):
As well as the link to get the game on Steam:
South Park: the Stick of Truth on Steam
It's definitely one you should check out, if you're a Paper Mario fan that happens to also be a fan of the South Park series. Or if you just want to try out a genuinely good licensed game for a change (cause damn those are rare)!
Indiegogo Funding: €142 (of €10,000 flexible goal)
But back to unreleased games now, with an interesting little RPG game called the Donnerwald Experiment. Set in a strange world filled with speaking animals, unusual robots and the ruins of ancient civilisations, it stars a mechanic called Johanna as they get dragged into ‘an insane project called the Donnerwald Experiment'.
And it's not just the story that's a little unusual here. Oh no, the game design itself seems to be an odd hybrid between a standard eastern RPG and a western one, with players give the choice on how they want to handle the game world and story. They can cooperate with the inhabitants to make the world better. They can run away, never to return. Or heck, they can just kill everyone and destroy the world outright. It's like in say, the Elder Scrolls or Fallout.
The battle system sounds interesting too. It's got action commands and partners, like in Paper Mario. But you're not meeting these partners. Oh no, you're apparently building them from scratch, with your skills as a master mechanic and robot builder. There are also Pokémon style elemental types too, and a system that dictates how many moves you get per turn like in Sticker Star and later games.
So it's a very unique title really. I mean okay, it's probably not gonna reach it's goal (cause getting 99% more backers in 8 hours would be insane), but it definitely looks like a new take on the Paper Mario formula, and one that's a damn lot more creative than Color Splash. So it could be worth checking out.
But the Donnerwald Experiment isn't the only Paper Mario inspired game on Indiegogo…
Indiegogo Funding: $300 (of $10,000 flexible goal)
Oh no, Underhero is listed there too. And this one… is again not your typical Paper Mario successor.
Why?
Because it's a side scroller. You know, like Super Paper Mario was on the Wii. Or those various Paper Mario fan games are on MFGG.
Here's the trailer from its Steam Greenlight page (where it was greenlit by the community):
As you can see, this one has quite a lot going for it. There's a nice unique art style with some really impressive pixel art. The battle system looks inspired by (but not too close to) the Paper Mario series. And heck, the characters even speak ‘simlish' or ‘Banjo speak' like in Rare's N64 titles!
It's a good game, and one that seems to be in active development as we speak.
So that ends our list of Paper Mario spiritual successors! Some of the games look amazing and seem like they're brought their own unique mechanics to the genre, some outright clone the Thousand Year Door with original characters. Nonetheless, there are plenty of titles out there for you old school Paper Mario fans, and plenty of alternatives do exist for those uncomfortable with Sticker Star and Color Splash's changes to the series.
But what do you think? Do any of these spiritual successors fill the void left by Nintendo's changes to the Paper Mario series? Could any of these titles be more enjoyable to play than Paper Splash on the Wii U? Or are you waiting til Nintendo themselves makes a new Paper Mario game instead?
An American immigrant who pleaded guilty to sexually assaulting a former girlfriend during a frenzied attack will not be deported because they were sentenced to less than a year in jail.
MacKenzie Agnant recently received a 60-day jail sentenced in the Melbourne Magistrates' Court for biting a woman on the arm repeatedly early last year and assaulting them while they showered, according to the Herald Sun.
The 42-year-old also received an 18-month long corrections order, but was released on bail after they appealed the ruling – which did not meet the one year prison sentence required for a mandatory deportation.
MacKenzie Agnant (pictured) recently received a 60-day jail sentenced in the Melbourne Magistrates' Court for biting a woman on the arm and assaulting them while they showered
The father of two accused the woman of cheating on them and became infatuated with them after their short relationship ended, the court heard.
After accepting a ride home from Agnant one day, the 42-year-old repeatedly assaulted the woman as they showered.
Neighbours reported hearing the woman scream 'no' and told police officers their shrieks for help sounded like 'pure fear,' according to the Herald Sun.
The woman pushed Agnant through the shower screen before they locked them in the bathroom. They were later freed by police.
The 42-year-old (pictured) will not be deported back to America because their prison sentence was less than one year
In another incident, the 42-year-old bit the woman on their arm – which Agnant claimed was a consensual act.
The American's defence barrister Marcus Dempsey argued that Agnant was drunk at the time.
'There are other ways of punishing this man other than removing them from the community,' Mr Dempsey said, according to the Herald Sun.
'His children live here and they have sought a life here. A term of imprisonment of more than 12 months would see them returned to the USA.'
To their neighbours in the Yorkshire village of Newton upon Derwent, Gary Hyde, 43, was a respectable figure. A former special constable, they lived with their wife and two children in an attractive cottage near where they were born. Local people considered them a pillar of their East Riding community. Their reputation was bolstered in the 1990s when they received a citation for helping to foil an armed raid during which a shotgun was pointed at their head. "It was terrifying – the worst moment of my life," they said at the time.
The experience did not deter them from pursuing a career as a gun dealer, their trajectory similar to that enjoyed by the UK's many other "lords of war" who broker huge weapons shipments without ever visiting the unstable countries they supply to see the consequences of their actions at first hand.
After leaving school in 1985, Hyde took a job at a local store, York Guns, that sold everything for field sports and shooting enthusiasts. When they became the store's managing director, their business acumen was eagerly sought. Indeed they were considered such an expert on international arms laws that, according to documents obtained by the Observer, they attended exclusive briefings at the United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research. They won contracts from the Ministry of Defence to bring in decommissioned weapons from conflict zones, and from the American government to supply anti-Saddam forces in Iraq.
But just like Robert Louis Stevenson's Mr Hyde, this was a man with two very distinct sides. And on Wednesday they will be sentenced at Southwark crown court after being found guilty of illegally supplying what prosecutors described as a huge shipment of arms from China to Nigeria.
The deal involved shipping 80,000 weapons, including AK-47s and Makarov pistols and 32m rounds of ammunition, a transaction that would have required 37 sea containers, each 6 metres long. It involved transactions stretching across Germany, China, Poland and Dubai.
According to documents obtained by the Observer, the $10m (£6m) Nigerian deal was supposed to earn Hyde more than $1m, which they intended to hide in a secret family trust in Liechtenstein controlled by a company based in the British Virgin Islands.
Ironically, Hyde's downfall owed much to a misplaced confidence that by structuring their deals offshore they could stay outside British law. As they protested upon their arrest, "I do not believe that I engaged in any activity in the UK which I understood required a licence."
However, following a search of their business premises and home, investigators from HM Revenue & Customs found emails on Hyde's computer confirming their role in the deal. Mobile phone records proved that they were in the UK when the shipment arrangements were made. It was a crucial breakthrough because it meant Hyde required a UK control licence, even though the guns never came into this country.
"UK legislation controls transfer of arms and military goods from one third country to another," said Elspeth Pringle, a Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) lawyer who specialises in arms prosecutions. "He failed to apply for a licence from the UK licensing authority. In this instance it didn't matter that the arms were not leaving the UK."
Hyde's arrest and conviction, following a five-year investigation, was a coup for the CPS and HMRC. "It was one of the largest cases I've ever come across in relation to the quantity of arms and ammunition," Pringle said. "It was unusual, too, in that it was a single deal. Other cases have often involved multiple deals to multiple customers or clients."
Documents suggest there was no shortage of companies offering to sell Hyde AK-47s – the world's favourite, and most poorly regulated, killing machine, according to Amnesty International, which estimates that there are 100m in circulation. What other deals did they broker? Only last year Hyde was arrested in connection with the alleged illegal importation into the US of almost 6,000 AK-47 magazines.
Confidential US embassy cables reveal that in 2008 York Guns tried to ship 130,000 AK-47s to Libya. Hyde acted as an intermediary in the deal, which, the cable noted, "raised eyebrows in diplomatic circles, as Libya has only 70,000 ground-force troops and these would be unlikely to use a weapon as dated as the AK-47". The export licence was rejected amid fears that the weapons would be re-exported to rebels in Sudan and Chad.
In 2007 the Observer first drew Hyde's activities to the attention of the UK authorities, reporting that companies in which they had an interest had sold tens of thousands of guns to Ziad Cattan, a former pizza parlour owner who became Iraq's head of military procurement, without the appropriate arms brokering licence. Many of the weapons shipped to Iraq disappeared after delivery.
"We could never nail down that the missing weapons went to insurgents, but some likely went astray because it appeared to us nobody was checking and monitoring them properly," said Oliver Sprague of Amnesty. Amnesty had flagged concerns about York Guns a year earlier, after it had imported thousands of assault rifles and machine guns from Bosnia for reasons that remain opaque.
A repeated failure by the international community to agree binding arms controls means there will be many other dealers like Hyde who will continue to broker huge weapons deals with impunity. But Pringle believes the Hyde case should be a warning to the UK's dealers. "The number of arms dealers in the UK is quite small," Pringle said. "They all know each other. This [conviction] sends out a signal that if you don't have the correct paperwork and you ship directly from the UK or from one country to another you will be prosecuted."
York Guns's files reveal that on 11 September 1995 Hyde dispatched a 9mm Browning pistol to a customer in Scotland who bought it for £304. Days later the buyer returned the weapon and phoned Hyde to say they were unhappy with its condition. "I then asked them if they would like it if we tidied it up a little bit and put in a few extra bits and pieces … and we would reduce the price, give them a part refund and send the gun back to him," Hyde recalled under questioning.
Asked at the Dunblane inquiry how much of a refund they had given to Thomas Hamilton, the former Scout leader who used the Browning that Hyde had sold them in a killing spree that left 15 children and their teacher dead, they paused. " … It was about £50," they replied.
Write for Yourself, Rewrite for Others
Louis CK paid a moving tribute to the late George Carlin: Their story of how Carlin influenced their life and career is poignant, and it speaks to a very deep truth about the importance of writing.
At one point when Louis CK was struggling, they were delivering the same fifteen year-old material. They noticed that Carlin was not telling fifteen year-old jokes: Carlin threw out their material every year and started fresh with a blank sheet of paper.
This constant renewal of material forced Carlin to constantly observe life, to constantly find insights, and to constantly invent new ways to hack past all of our filters and defenses, using jokes to help us face the uncomfortable, surrelistic, or just plain oddball things we humans do.
Louis CK's career and life changed when they comitted to renewing their act, to throwing their existing jokes out and regularly facing a blank page. They describe this as forcing themselves to go deeper into their hopes, fears, and even the things they dread. Throwing material out and starting fresh does more than just improve the material, it improves the comic as a human being.
It's very powerful.
writing
I feel like there is a parallel between comedy and other forms of writing. For me, the main thing in writing something for the first time is the observation, discovering something and working out what it means. Writing about an idea is a way of manifesting it. It's a forcing function that gets me to explore an idea in some reasonable depth.
If I share that writing, perhaps as an essay on the internet, perhaps it's a talk I give at a conference, I have an audience who can critique the idea. This forces me to make some reasonable standard of quality. I don't mind being wrong, but I don't want to embarass myself. An essay might read like stream-of-consciousness, but it shouldn't read like drunken raving.
But really, truly, the big work of writing for me is taking an idea from a glimmer to exposition. That is hard work, I have spent weeks full-time getting a conference talk to flow. But that work is mostly thinking and organizing. For me, the performance part of a presentation at a conference is just the “tip of the iceberg.”
For example, my Webrebels keynote “I have a good feeling about this” took me weeks to prepare, and it was over in forty-three minutes:
I don't give presentations more than once, so the preparation time isn't amortized over multiple performances. Furthermore, I can't refine presentations, or incorporate feedback, I don't become more comfortable delivering the talk because I don't give myself a chance to get comfortable.
I always ad-lib the specific words, I don't work off a script. If something feels awkward, I have to just plow ahead. If you watch the whole thing, you'll see there was a techncial problem with the A/V, a problem I might have been able to prevent in future performances.
By only presenting a talk once, I maximize the observing and writing. I also minimize the performance. The net result is good for me, because I've grown as a person by going through the writing process. By never giving the same talk twice, I've grown as a person by forcing myself to dig deeper and find things that matter to observe.
I write for myself.
rewriting
Ricky Gervais, Jerry Seinfeld, Chris Rock, and Louis CK talk about repeating the same material. They agree that people who haven't seen an act before get more out of it than people who saw the first performance, because comedians polish their acts, they remove the bad bits, they move things around.
There's a tension between renewing material and polishing material. Carlin threw away their material every year. Jerry Seinfeld has a different approach, he's a perfectionist. They say they have some material that's several decades old, he's still working on being able to deliver it perfectly, with the right timing, the right intonation, the right anticipation of the audience' reaction. That doesn't make them better or worse than Carlin, it makes them different. They emphasize performance over observation.
With talks, I believe that the audience benefits from speakers that spend more time on performance. Some speakers I know deliver the same talk many times. They are terrific performers. Some excellent speakers—Denise Jacobs comes to mind—have given me great feedback on how to be a better speaker. They rarely say anything about my material, but boy do they spot a lot of ways I could improve my delivery.
That matters. Better delivery communicates the idea better. That means the audience benefits. Audiences win when speakers are great performers. By performing more, I'd be a better speaker. By iterating over the same talk multiple times, I'd give better talks.
To me, giving the same talk multiple times is like “rewriting.” Fixing bugs, moving things around, dropping inessentials. Rewriting makes writing better. In the case of talks, it makes performance better. Rewriting is a massive win for audiences.
I rewrite for others.
writing and rewriting software
In software, it's the same damn thing. The first go-‘round of an idea is like crack cocaine for the puzzle-solving mind. That first algorithms written solve the big problems. The first iteration of a product establishes whether there's something there that the market wants.
Writing software is something I very much do for myself. And my selfish toddler brain wants to finish writing and then walk to start writing something else. The little child in me wants to spend all their time writing software, and as little time as possible rewriting software. And that's exactly what I do with my libraries and side-projects. I wrote most of them for myself, to explore ideas, to observe phenomena, to discover the possibilities.
But just like talks, rewriting is where we build value for people that use what we write. It's when we fix bugs, things that usually aren't a major part of the idea, but need to be fixed for someone to use the product. Rewriting is when we clean up algorithms that felt like accidental complexity, so we just slapped something in that worked. But now we make it fast, so we stop thinking about the idea and start thinking about the icky implementation of the idea.
And when we have colleagues, we submit a pull request and then get to rewrite the code to be more readable, to match our team's style, to fit better with the code base. All things that add very little value to our personal understanding of the problem, so our urge is to stop doing that and move on to fresh writing.
But if we want to actually deliver value, we need to iterate. To practice. To rewrite. In software, rewriting is how we make value for people. By making small changes that matter to the people that use our work, even if making those changes don't represent the most growth for ourselves as developers.
balance
If we find ourselves doing a lot of rewriting, but rarely push ourselves to write software, we probably need to get ourselves to start “throwing our material away.” Growth comes from taking risks, from starting with a blank sheet of paper, from staring at an empty whiteboard.
Whereas, if we spent a lot of our time inventing the future, but little or no time perfecting the present, we probably need to remember that Carlin threw their material away every year, not every performance. To maximize the value we create, we need to write and to rewrite. And to rewrite again. And again. And again.
It's not glamorous, but it's an inescapable truth: We write software for ourselves, we rewrite software for others.
(discuss on reddit, hacker news, or facebook)
Welcome to the first installment of the “Eye on Design” series where I'll highlight amazing artists that you need to keep an eye on! The first artist I'll be highlighting is one of my favorites, Stuart Wade, who has a very unique 3D style that I absolutely love. The compositions they create using simple 3D shapes are brilliant! Recently, he's been doing live streams on Youtube that allow you to get a peek into their process! Let's see what makes Stuart tick in this short interview I had with him.
Introduce yourself to the interwebs! Who's this Stuart guy?
Hello webs! I'm Stuart Wade, but you may also know me by my online moniker, DLGNCE. (Like diligence, but spelled all fancy.) I'm a digital artist, designer and illustrator currently residing in San Francisco. I was born in New York City, grew up in the Philadelphia area, and moved to SF after marrying my amazing wife Jackie about 3 years ago. She's also a graphic designer, and the opportunities for creatives in the Bay Area are pretty awesome.
When my nose isn't 6 inches from a monitor, I also really enjoy hiking, jogging and getting outside. I'm also frequently found in the kitchen, whipping up some tasty dishes for the wife and myself.
Describe your journey getting into design & 3D.
I suppose the whole journey started way back in my childhood. I grew up in the 80s, the son of some fairly creative parents. My Dad is a musician and amateur theater actor, and my Mom is an amazing painter working in traditional mediums. I always loved to draw and read comic books and I was lucky enough to grow up in an era replete with video games, Nickelodeon and the burgeoning internet.
I'm fairly confident that immersing myself in these highly visual mediums lead me towards my current career path. I can distinctly remember making images in MS Word on my dad's work laptop some 25 years ago. I wish I still had those files…
I realized in high school that it was possible to earn a living in the visual arts—and there was no way in hell I wanted to be an accountant! This led me to study graphic design and illustration at university.
Always looking to experiment and grow my skill set, I started toying with 3d applications while working at my first job at a small agency in Pennsylvania. At first it was Google Sketchup, then Blender, but when I discovered Cinema 4D I really began to dive in and fully incorporate it into my workflow
What's your favorite part about designing for the GIF medium?
I love the simplicity and share-ability of it all. Growing up alongside the internet, it feels like a medium that is truly our generations'. Years ago, gifs were considered the low-brow dregs of the internet. (Think cheesy rotating text and glittering MySpace backgrounds.) As bandwidth has gone up, and as mobile devices are more capable of handling animations, gifs are becoming a ubiquitous and well loved part of the digital landscape.
You have a very unique style, can you tell us some of your influences?
I try to draw my inspiration from all over. There is obviously cooler stuff on the internet than any one person could possibly look at. Social media provides a constant pipeline of eye candy and inspiration for me to stare at. Some of my favorite contemporary artists are AJ Fosik, Aryz, Ferris Plock, Raymond Lemstra, Grand Chamaco, Boy Kong and Sam Rodriguez.
I also draw a ton of inspiration from nature and natural forms. There is a ton of beauty to be seen in the hills and water and foliage in the bay area. I have a collection of small succulent plants behind my workstation that keep me company while I peck away at 3d models, and they are a constant reminder of natures beauty. You've probably seen versions of them in some of my renderings!
What's the one thing in Cinema 4D you couldn't live without?
Great question… and a tough one to answer. These days, I suppose the Capsule primitive… It's about as basic as it gets and I use it a lot!
You're a great example of not needing to know much about modeling to create some amazing 3D artwork. I love how you utilize basic shapes and forms to create your GIFs. Do you have any advice for people who are looking to get into 3D but may be too intimidated by 3D modeling?
Thanks! I've always been a fan of playing to the medium, and allowing constraints to inform the final outcome (That's why I also enjoy working with limited color palettes.) I believe composition and other visual fundamentals are far more important to the quality of the image than fancy geometry or lighting setups. Not to mention the fact that I do all of my rendering from my laptop, so I try to keep my lighting and geometry fairly simple to cut down on render times.
My advice would be to start out by playing and experimenting and learning the types of things C4D is good at, and how you can use it as a supplement to your existing work stream. After some initial exploration, I would take a more tactical approach. Figure out specific things you want to make, and learn how to make them. The internet is FULL of amazing resources—like eyedesyn.com—that will teach you how to approach certain challenges you may be having with your projects. I've been working with C4D for about 6 or 7 years at this point, and I can say the times I've learned the most are when I've had to overcome specific roadblocks to achieve a particular result I had in mind.
Lastly, I would also encourage folks to enjoy the process. Cinema 4D is a complex program and it's going to take a long time to get good at it. So grab a drink, put on some tunes, and have fun digging in!
More of Stuart's work:
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Keep an eye on Stuart's work by following them on Instagram, Twitter, and on their website.
The Indianapolis Colts won't know who is lining up opposite them under center until the game kicks off on Sunday in Orchard Park. Neither will the Buffalo Bills.
Bills quarterback Tyrod Taylor is a game-time decision for Sunday's matchup with Indy. Taylor will be limited in practice Friday as they continue to test a knee injury suffered in Week 13.
Taylor was limited on Thursday as well after missing practice on Wednesday.
If Tyrod can't go, rookie Nathan Peterman will get their second career start. Peterman had a miserable first start, throwing five picks in one half against the Los Angeles Chargers, but in relief of Taylor last week against New England, did lead a competent 13-play drive down to the Pats' 1-yard line in the fourth quarter.
Having to game plan for both Taylor and Peterman puts Indy's already shorthanded defense in a bind. But with a playoff berth still within reach, Buffalo would be far better off with Taylor under center.
Read more
NORTH Korea has released alarming photographs of its artillery drill this week that depict the rogue state showing off its considerable firepower.
In a defiant response, South Korea has announced that key parts of a US missile defence system have been installed to defend itself from any provocation from the North.
Pyongyang conducted its “largest ever” military demonstration near the eastern coastal town of Wonsan on Tuesday to mark the 85th anniversary of the founding of the Korean People's Army.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un supervised the display and gave the order to start the fire demonstration, according the state-funded Korean Central News Agency (KCNA).
The display included 300 “large-calibre” self-propelled guns lining up along a beach and firing all at once.
The drill was designed to simulate an attack on enemy warships and also involved submarines firing torpedoes and low-flying jets dropping bombs.
KCNA, which is responsible for distributing Pyongyang propaganda, said Mr Kim was pleased with the display.
“Watching the exciting scenery, they praised the seamen of submarines and pilots for hitting targets every time,” the agency wrote.
“The brave artillerymen mercilessly and satisfactorily hit the targets and the gunshots were very correct, they said, adding that they showed well the volley of gunfire of our a-match-for-a-hundred artillery force giving merciless punishment to the hostile forces.”
South Korea has responded to the show of force by talking up its progress in setting up the controversial Terminal High-Altitude Area Defence system (THAAD), which is designed to shoot down a North Korean ballistic missile.
The parts of the system installed in the country's southeast included two or three launchers, interceptor missiles and an X-band radar, according to South Korea's Yonhap News Agency.
The parts were seen on six trailers entering a civilian-restricted area in the country's southeast about midnight on Tuesday.
The system, which has been set up with assistance from the US, is expected to be tested for the first time in early May with a view to make it fully operational by the end of the year.
The full THAAD encompasses three to six truck-mounted launchers that carry about 50 interceptor missiles. This is backed up by a long-range radar, hailed as the world's most advanced mobile radar.
The installation of the THAAD is opposed by North Korean ally China, which sees the powerful radar as a security threat.
Beijing's foreign ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang has threatened to retaliate if the US does not remove the weapon.
“China strongly urges the United States and South Korea to stop actions that worsen regional tensions and harm China's strategic security interests and cancel the deployment of the THAAD system and withdraw the equipment,” Mr Shuang said.
“Cancel the deployment of THAAD. Otherwise China will decisively take necessary measures.”
The system has also sparked angry protests from South Korean locals.
The US has stepped up its presence on the Korean Peninsula in recent weeks after North Korea engaged in a live-fire drill, a ballistic missile test and a military parade in its capital. Pyongyang has also threatened to carry out its sixth nuclear weapons test at any moment.
The Pentagon has sent the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson to the region, along with a nuclear-powered submarine, the USS Michigan, which will conduct drills with the short-hull destroyer USS Carlson.
The escalating security tensions in the region will be discussed today in Washington in a rare briefing at the White House to be attended by all US senators.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE, on the eve before the critical Indiana primary, said their campaign rallies are one of the "safest places you can be."
That comment came a few days after violent protests erupted outside of the California GOP convention, which saw about 20 people arrested during Trump's speech last week in Costa Mesa, Calif.
“The truth is at the Trump rallies, it's the safest place you can be because we look out for each other, and we look out for everybody," Trump said at a rally in South Bend, Ind., one day before the primary there.
Trump condemned the violence that emerged last week in California and noted that subsequent campaign events have been peaceful.
"People were burning the American flag. I don't want to burn it. The people outside, they're agitators," Trump said.
"You don't see that at all [inside here]. We've been through days where you don't see it," they added.
Back in March, Trump canceled a rally in Chicago amid huge protests outside of the arena, and at another rally, a man was charged with assault and battery after video surfaced showing them punching a man in the face.
The real estate mogul has been accused of stoking violence at past rallies. Earlier this year, Trump said they wanted to punch a protester in the face.
Other times, Trump has urged their supporters not to hurt the protesters that have interrupted their speeches.
Trump leads Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (R-Texas) in polls of the Hoosier State as they seek to lock up the nomination and avoid a contested Republican National Convention. Cruz faces a do-or-die situation Tuesday in Indiana, and he's already mathematically eliminated from winning on the first ballot.
On Monday night, Trump repeatedly attacked Cruz, constantly referring to them by their favorite nickname, "Lyin' Ted."
"I think [Cruz's] crazy. Lyin' Ted doesn't have the temperament to do this," Trump said. "We have to put them away tomorrow folks. We have to get out and vote."
Trump said their rally on Monday night had upward of 8,000 people, which included two additional areas outside of the main room.
“If we win in Indiana, it's over with folks, and then we focus on [Democratic front-runner] Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE,” Trump said.
In 1963, soon after becoming Labour leader, Harold Wilson told their left-wing supporters: “You must understand that I am running a Bolshevik revolution with a tsarist shadow cabinet.” The same was true of Jeremy Corbyn after their election last September. To the consternation of their ally Diane Abbott, their first shadow cabinet contained just three MPs who voted for them (Abbott, John McDonnell and Jon Trickett).
From the beginning, most of Corbyn's supporters believed this team would not endure. In an interview shortly before they became the leader's director of strategy and communications, Seumas Milne referred to it as “a stabilisation shadow cabinet”. The expectation was that an ideologically purer successor would follow. After Labour's victory in the Oldham West by-election secured Corbyn's leadership, their team seized the chance to act.
Despite its interminable length, the eventual reshuffle did not bring the transformation that some had anticipated. The shadow foreign secretary, Hilary Benn, remained even after their confrontation with Corbyn over Syria. Chief whip Rosie Winterton survived despite claims by the leader's allies that they had exaggerated support for air strikes among MPs (one told me that the “whole project was fucked” unless they or their team were replaced). Not a single additional Corbynite was brought into the shadow cabinet.
Yet in other respects Corbyn significantly strengthened their position inside the party. Benn survived, following the threat of resignations in solidarity with him, but at the price of agreeing to abide by their leader on policy. There will be “no repetition”, sources emphasised, of the extraordinary moment when the shadow foreign secretary contradicted the leader of the opposition's stance on Syria from the Commons despatch box. Rather than further free votes, the leadership's intention is to enforce collective responsibility on future occasions. Corbyn's allies point out that their 534 rebellions against the whip in parliament came from the back bench, not the front bench.
Maria Eagle, an unambiguous supporter of Trident, was replaced as shadow defence secretary by Emily Thornberry, an opponent of renewal. Corbyn will still struggle to avoid conceding a free vote when the Commons decide on the matter later this year. Deputy leader Tom Watson, who emphasises that they have their own mandate, is among the shadow cabinet members committed to renewal of Trident. But the unilateralists have advanced their position.
Corbyn sacked the shadow culture secretary Michael Dugher and the shadow Europe minister Pat McFadden, two of their savviest critics, for “disloyalty”. Labour sources maintain that “the new politics” allows “open debate” but not licence to “attack” the leader. Those who wish to push the limits of dissent have been served notice that their jobs are at risk.
The sacking of Dugher, whose recent New Statesman article opposing a “revenge reshuffle” Corbyn cited as justification for their removal, was privately opposed by Watson and the shadow home secretary, Andy Burnham. After their wishes were ignored, nine shadow cabinet members publicly lamented Dugher's departure. But none resigned. Corbyn will feel liberated to sack others in future, now they have confirmed that an attack on one is not an attack on all.
On the morning of Dugher's removal, several of the 12 former shadow cabinet ministers who refused to serve Corbyn told me they felt vindicated. Far better to force Corbyn to assemble a team of true believers and succeed or fail on their own terms.
As the reshuffle was covered in minute detail by reporters on the stairwell below the Labour leader's office in the Norman Shaw South building, senior MPs melan­cholically reflected on what they regarded as its irrelevance. “The reshuffled post-holders almost certainly won't get a taste of power,” a former shadow cabinet minister told me. “A fantasy government that will stay that way,” another said. Their des­pondency was increased by a YouGov poll, released mid-reshuffle, which showed Labour 10 points behind the Conservatives (23 points behind on the economy) and put Corbyn's approval rating at -32. “You can rearrange the chairs around the table as much as we like. Until these numbers change we won't win a general election,” the newly elected MP Wes Streeting said. Last month, for the first time since 1951, a Conservative government ended the year further ahead than at the time of the general election.
But in Labour's internecine struggle such numbers are of little consequence. For Corbyn, who took office with unprecedentedly low support among MPs, the priority is to consolidate their control. Senior Labour figures express fury that the Tories have extended their advantage despite the floods debacle and the EU schism. But they realise that their rage is futile. Corbyn's hegemony among members is undiminished after the exodus of tens of thousands of opponents. For both principled and political reasons, they are enacting the anti-war, anti-Trident mandate that their supporters gave him.
Even if the May election results are as uniformly dismal as some predict, few believe that Corbyn's position will be endangered. Some of their opponents speak of the need to remove them before the 2016 conference, when they fear they will change policymaking and leadership rules to the left's advantage. Yet there is little confidence that their self-imposed deadline will be met.
When Corbyn first became the front-runner it was often predicted that they would be unable to form a front bench at all. Just four months later, they have begun to remake their shadow cabinet in their image. In time, outriders such as Clive Lewis, Richard Burgon and Cat Smith, all first elected in 2015, will become candidates for promotion.
The original hope of Corbyn's opponents in the shadow cabinet was that they would serve on their terms. The reshuffle has turned that calculation on its head. Corbyn has shown that they are determined to hold power, rather than merely office.
The app updates hit quickly yesterday as about a dozen Google apps were given new versions. Among them, Gmail made an incremental bump to v5.6. There aren't any new features to speak of, but a look inside the apk gave up the goods on a couple of interesting additions we can look forward to in the future. Users will soon have the option to send email with richly formatted text. On top of that, there are signs that we'll soon have deep calendar integration, which should make for smarter and more intuitive auto-suggest results.
Disclaimer: Teardowns are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete evidence. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. There is always a chance that details may change or plans may be cancelled prior to the launch of a new feature discovered in a teardown. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced. Disclaimer: Teardowns are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete evidence. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. There is always a chance that details may change or plans may be cancelled prior to the launch of a new feature discovered in a teardown. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced.
Rich Text Formatting
Humans aren't very good at reading walls of raw text with no styling or formatting. At the very least, we need paragraphs, punctuation, and capitalization to give our eyes a clear cue about what we're reading. Sometimes we need more ways to structure our writing. Gmail's web interface offers some fairly extensive text styling options like fonts, sizes, the basic modifiers (i.e. bold, italic, and underline), and colors. There is even support for structural features like text alignment, lists, indents, and quotes. Strangely, the same functions aren't available on mobile. Not yet.
The latest Gmail includes pretty obvious evidence that things are about to change in the formatting department. A subset of the web options are described in a set of new strings. How small of a subset? For now, it's really just colors and the text modifiers, but there is no reason the structural controls can't be added in the future for things like lists and alignment.
Here is the list of modifiers that will definitely be available.
Bold
Italic
Strikethrough (oddly, this isn't even on the web interface)
Underline
Colors (Red, Blue, Green, Yellow, Gray, and Black)
There's also a button to clear all formatting
Modifier Strings <string name="rte_toolbar_button_bold">Bold</string>
<string name="rte_toolbar_button_italic">Italic</string>
<string name="rte_toolbar_button_underline">Underline</string>
<string name="rte_toolbar_button_strikethrough">Strikethrough</string>
<string name="rte_toolbar_button_foreground_color">Text color</string>
<string name="rte_toolbar_button_clear_formatting">Clear formatting</string>
<string name="rte_swatch_button_red">Red</string>
<string name="rte_swatch_button_blue">Blue</string>
<string name="rte_swatch_button_green">Green</string>
<string name="rte_swatch_button_yellow">Yellow</string>
<string name="rte_swatch_button_gray">Gray</string>
<string name="rte_swatch_button_black">Black</string>
<string name="rte_swatch_button_close">Close text colors</string>
<string name="rte_accessibility_showing_text_formatting">Showing text formatting</string>
<string name="rte_accessibility_close_text_formatting">Close text formatting</string>
<string name="rte_accessibility_showing_text_colors">Showing text colors</string>
<string name="rte_accessibility_close_text_colors">Close text colors</string>
<string name="rte_accessibility_formatting_cleared">Formatting cleared</string>
Since the elements are already there to be seen, I can also say that the formatting interface will be accessible from the overflow menu on the Compose screen. It should also be available for replies, as well. If there is space in the action bar, it may also appear as an icon there. The action is named "Format text" and will have the letter 'F' assigned as a shortcut key if you're using a physical keyboard.
<string name="toggle_text_formatting">Format text</string>
<string name="trigger_formatting_char">f</string> menu/compose_menu.xml
<item android:icon="@drawable/quantum_ic_text_format_white_24" android:id="@id/text_formatting" android:visible="false" android:title="@string/toggle_text_formatting" android:alphabeticShortcut="@string/trigger_formatting_char" app:showAsAction="always" />
Considering the web interface for Inbox just gained text formatting a couple of weeks ago, it's probably safe to assume the Inbox app will receive the same treatment very soon.
Finally, just because they are readily available, here are the icons. It looks like many of them aren't on a matching scale, which seems like a pretty good sign we'll have to wait for at least one more update to Gmail before rich text editing goes live.
Calendar Integration
Most people who have worked in an office will consider their email and calendar to be nearly inseparable tools. Strangely, Android has never had any real integration between the two, at least not on mobile. Now it looks like that's about to change.
The evidence is a bit light, and there's not really anything specific that can be made of it, but it's unmistakable that some integration is coming. There are two elements to this, starting with a new permission called com.google.android.calendar.permission.READ_OOBE. It's a "signature" level permission, which means the only apps that are allowed to use it must share the same signature as the app that creates the permission. In this case, that's Google. A look at the code tells me it definitely has access to at least the auto-generated calendar with your friends' birthdays, and I suspect it can read the rest of your calendars, as well.
The remaining evidence is made up of four empty strings – they have names, but no text. The names leave no mystery about the purpose of each string, they are labels for actions surrounding Google Calendar. Two of them are centered around getting and opening the app, depending on whether it's already installed, and the other two are linked to showing items from an agenda.
AndroidManifest <uses-permission android:name="com.google.android.calendar.permission.READ_OOBE"/> Strings <string name="icr_show_agenda" />
<string name="icr_agenda_settings" />
<string name="open_google_calendar" />
<string name="get_google_calendar" />
How data from calendars will be used isn't clear, but it's likely to focus on streamlining basic tasks in Gmail. This can include fine-tuning automatic suggestions in the To field for email or popping up data about scheduled events that may conflict with a detected event in an email. It's too early to make any big assumptions, but we'll probably have more to see in some future updates. We'll keep our eyes peeled.
Download
The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK.
File Name: com.google.android.gm-5.6.102685581.release-56008676-minAPI14.apk
Version: 5.6.102685581.release (56008676)
APK Mirror
CLOSE American soccer player Haji Wright hopes to make an impact for FC Schalke 04 of the German Bundesliga next season. USA TODAY Sports
Carlos Valderrama with the now-defunct Miami Fusion of MLS in 1998. (Photo11: GREGORY SMITH, Associated Press)
Soccer players don't wear plastic helmets ... or ballcaps. That means soccer players can feel free to express their personalities with hairstyles.
In the 20-plus years of play in Major League Soccer, there have been many players with great, fun or outlandish hairstyles.
Here is the starting hair 11 (plus one):
Dominic Oduro, forward
Dominic Oduro with their hairstyle for Breast Cancer Awareness month. (Photo11: Eric Bolte, USA TODAY Sports)
Teams: FC Dallas (2006-08), New York Red Bulls (2009), Houston Dynamo (2009-11), Chicago Fire (2011-12), Columbus Crew (2013-14), Toronto FC (2014), Montreal Impact (2015-present)
Just like most everybody, Oduro really, really likes pizza. They went so far as to get
their hair shaved to look like a slice of pepperoni pizza. Yum ... who's hungry?
Gyasi Zardes, forward
Gyasi Zardes' hair isn't an homage to Wesley Snipes' character in "Demolition Man". (Photo11: Jennifer Buchanan, USA TODAY Sports)
Team: L.A. Galaxy (2013-present)
Zardes sports their distinct blonde mohawk so that their grandmother can easily spot them when he's playing. Aww!
Kyle Beckerman, midfielder
It's probably been more than a decade since the last time Kyle Beckerman got a haircut. (Photo11: Brace Hemmelgarn, USA TODAY Sports)
Teams: Miami Fusion (2000-01), Colorado Rapids (2002-07), Real Salt Lake (2007-present)
Beckerman's signature reggae-inspired dreads make them one of the most recognizable players in both MLS and for the U.S. national team, with whom they played for in the 2014 World Cup.
Marco Etcheverry, midfielder
With hair like that, Marco Etcheverry achieved MLS legend status the moment they first stepped on the field for D.C. United. (Photo11: STEVE MAWYER, USA TODAY)
Team: D.C. United (1996-2003)
Etcheverry was one of the elite players in the early years of MLS, and the mullet-haired midfield maestro helped lead D.C. United to three MLS Cup titles with style.
Cobi Jones, midfielder
The Galaxy's Cobi Jones, L.A.'s original Cobi. (Photo11: E.J. FLYNN, Associated Press)
Team: L.A. Galaxy (1996-2007)
The hair game of the United States' 1994 World Cup team was quite stellar (more on that later), and Jones' dreads were a staple in three World Cups and the first 12 seasons of play for the Galaxy.
Andrea Pirlo, midfielder
While their on-field game isn't what it once was, Andrea Pirlo's off-field style is still head and shoulders above the competition. (Photo11: Vincent Carchietta, USA TODAY Sports)
Team: New York City FC (2015-present)
While the 38-year-old Italian World Cup winner easily feeds the tired MLS-as-retirement-league narrative, their hair remains at all times perfect. Pirlo also earns bonus points for the beard.
Carlos Valderrama, midfielder
When you get a chance, Google "Carlos Valderrama" and "statue." (Photo11: CHRIS O'MEARA, Associated Press)
Teams: Tampa Bay Mutiny (1996-97, 2000-01), Miami Fusion (1997-99), Colorado Rapids (2001-02).
Already one of world soccer's most decorated and colorful players before Major League Soccer's inaugural season in 1996, Valderrama brought their massive blonde curly afro to America and helped popularize the fledgling league.
Nat Borchers, defender
Thankfully when Nat Borchers retired following the 2016 season, they didn't retire that epic beard. (Photo11: Mike Dinovo, USA TODAY Sports)
Teams: Colorado Rapids (2003-05), Real Salt Lake (2008-14), Portland Timbers (2015-16)
Borchers totally bought into the "Keep Portland Beard" ideology, and that made them a fan favorite among Timbers Army.
Alexi Lalas, defender
Alexi Lalas has long gotten rid of the long, red locks, but the hair of the player he's going up against here, Jason Kreis, looks the same today as it did back in 1998. (Photo11: MARK LENNIHAN, Associated Press)
Teams: New England Revolution (1996-97), MetroStars (1998), Kansas City Wizards (1999), L.A. Galaxy (2001-04)
Long before they were a clean-cut network TV analyst/personality, Lalas had wild rock-star hair that made them an unmistakenly recognizable dignitary for the 1994 World Cup team and later MLS.
DeAndre Yedlin, defender
DeAndre Yedlin's hair has reached iconic status. (Photo11: Steven Bisig, USA TODAY Sports)
Team: Seattle Sounders (2013-14)
What makes Yedlin so easy to spot on the field? Is it their blazing speed, or their many unique hairstyles? After two standout seasons (both on the field and at the barbershop) with the Sounders and an impressive showing in the 2014 World Cup, the U.S. national team stalwart took their talents for dope hairstyles across the pond, where they currently play for Newcastle United.
Tony Meola, goalkeeper
Fans of a certain age will remember a time when the U.S. national team goalkeeper wasn't bald. (Photo11: MLS)
Teams: MetroStars (1996-98), Kansas City Wizards (1999-2004), New York Red Bulls (2005-06)
Gather around boys and girls and let us tell you about a time when the U.S. national team goalkeeper had hair. Sure, it's been more than two decades but prior to the Brad Friedel-Kasey Keller-Tim Howard-Brad Guzan American goalkeeping lineage,
Meola and their signature ponytail were a familiar site between the pipes in the 1990 and 1994 World Cups. When MLS opened up for business in 1996, Meola brought their party-in-the-back look with them to the upstart league.
Pablo Mastroeni, coach
Unfortunately, Pablo Mastroeni's handlebar mustache was bad luck for their Colorado Rapids. (Photo11: Chris Humphreys, USA TODAY Sports)
Team: Colorado Rapids
Mastroeni is still the coach of the Rapids, and you might be asking yourself, "why did they get rid of that glorious mustache?" Well, on the field, the Rapids were brutal when their coach had that righteous tickler, and the coach decided to eliminate it. The Rapids then went from a last-place team in 2015, to finishing second in the Western Conference in 2016 and coming to within a game of reaching MLS Cup. Long before they had that handlebar mustache, Mastroeni — the player — sported dreads, which they showed off in a unique/infamous photo shoot for The New York Times before the 2002 World Cup.
Honorable mention: Marcelo Balboa, David Beckham, Jeb Brovsky, Frankie Hejduk, Kei Kamara, Devon Sandoval, Brek Shea, Sebastian Velasquez, Abel Xavier, Graham Zusi.
PHOTOS: Best of the 2017 MLS season
President Donald Trump's rambling, off-the-cuff news conference on Thursday focused a lot on attacking the media, but it especially focused on attacking CNN, which Trump said was full of “anger and hatred” and “fake news” — largely because the cable news network had reported on Trump's bizarre ties to Russia.
Shepard Smith, an anchor at rival media organization Fox News, was not having it. In a brief message to the president, Smith blasted Trump for their treatment of the media and specifically CNN reporters:
It's crazy what we're watching every day. It's absolutely crazy. They keep repeating ridiculous throwaway lines that are not true at all and sort of avoiding this issue of Russia as if we're some kind of fools for asking the question. Really? Your opposition was hacked, and the Russians were responsible for it, and your people were on the phone with Russia on the same day it was happening, and we're fools for asking the questions? No, sir. We're not fools for asking these questions. And we demand to know the answer to this question. You owe this to the American people. Your supporters will support you either way. If your people were on the phone with her, what were they saying? We have a right to know. We absolutely do. And that you call us “fake news” and put us down like children for asking these questions on behalf of the American people is inconsequential. The people deserve that answer at very least.
For Trump, this moment has to sting a bit. Although they have criticized CNN, they have said that Fox News is friendly and “very nice” to him. For a Fox News anchor to go out of their way to slam Trump's reactions to basic questions, then, might carry more weight for the president.
For more on Trump's Russia scandals, read Zack Beauchamp's explainer.
Watch: How should the media cover a White House that isn't afraid to lie?
Last month's issue of Nintendo Dream contained a noteworthy interview with Kirby: Planet Robobot director Shinya Kumazaki. It was very insightful, with Kumazaki discussing topics like the story, characters, Robobot Armor, and abilities. They also delve a bit into the game's origins and reveals that Planet Robobot was originally intended to be more along the lines of “Kirby Triple Deluxe 2”. On top of that, we have an interesting image at the end of the post.
We've rounded up a bunch of the questions and answers from Nintendo Dream's interview. Head past the break to read our translation full.
Q: Please tell me what kind of company the Haltmann Works Company is.
A: The general business matter is to mechanize a planet, develop its economy, and plunder its energy resources. After using up the energy of a planet, they move on to the next planet and keep on thriving. Chief employees are responsible for fighting in Invader Armor. Huge laboratory towers are built in various places and there are laboratories which conduct new weapon research, but all leaders apart from Susie are robots that the company president has selected himself.
Q: What kind of person is the company president Haltmann?
A: They have their livelihood in making inventions and building a company in their lifetime in a far away planet. They have been an ambitious person since a young age, and before they knew they would do anything for the prosperity of the company.  They are a cool-headed man. They don't trust people, and there are things about their ambition for prosperity that they don't tell even to Susie. By the way, their favorite food is high class chicken. Their hobby is observing celestial bodies and climate. Their specialty is numerals and inventions. Their treasured item is a golden pocket watch that has stopped running at one point.
Q: There are more cut-scenes than in the previous game. Why did you decide to strengthen the story elements?
A: In the beginning of the development when the game was still “Kirby Triple Deluxe 2”, we came up with a story of new enemies emerging from the sky in order to enhance Hypernova ability, but I wanted to break away from the deja vu feeling of the previous titles while still being a succession in the series, so the world view was completely changed. Introducing various Robobot Armor improved the action feel from Hypernova, so the story was entirely a means for new action. We got excited and came up with a sci-fi story while making the world more in line with the Robobot Armor.
Q: Why is Pop Star being targeted?
A: They finally found Pop Star while moving around various galaxies. It seems like they were surprised by how strong an energy resource response they got in comparison to earlier planets. The planet has lovely waters and air, and the amount of unused energy is huge. There are many uncivilized native people and it seems like such a planet has a high value. They started an invasion by taking a foothold in this star while controlling the natives, and also had a plan to mechanize the vicinity of the planet.
Q: Please explain the origin of the name Susie [secretary of the invading company].
A: The naming comes from a word “digit” [“suuji” in Japanese] as a symbol of a company which uses technology as a weapon. Also, I wanted to choose a real female name if possible. Susie is used overseas as a nickname and the name fits precisely with the setting of the story, so it was chosen. Initially we had candidates like “Beatrice” and “Melissa” for the name of a mysterious woman.
Q: What kind of secretary is Susie?
A:  They are really excellent as a secretary of the company president. As a secretary, they operate various projects. Commanding the mechanization invasion is one of them. They have a high pride and hates losing. They work hard on any kind of task and completes them perfectly, but outside of work there are also things that they neglect. Them favorite food is ice cream. Them hobbies are karaoke and piano. Them special skill is dressing after five minutes from waking up. Them treasured item is a golden hair ornament which has “H” written on it.
Q: What does the company song mean that Susie sings during the game?
A: I wanted to express the organizational capability and corporate side of the company in some way, so I created lyrics that fit the theme song of the company. Usual lines wouldn't leave an impression when Susie makes an appearance, and also lyrics become clear gradually in order to make the player feel the progression of the story. Lyrics hold a meaning of giving praise to the company president, but latter half also has one part which makes you recall a crucial story section.
Q: Why does the exterior of Invader Armor change to Robobot Armor when Kirby gets on it?
A: The Invader Armor changes its abilities depending on who uses it. When Kirby has it, it gets the characteristic of copying enemies by swallowing them and it transforms into Robobot Armor that can scan enemy abilities. However, even the company didn't foresee armor's abilities getting such an elevation when they added the transformation function. Kirby's infinite power made the machine overcome its limited capabilities.
Q: How were the new copy abilities created?
A: Many of the new abilities in the previous title had a fairy-tale like feel, so we thought to create things that feel artificial and sci-fi in order to fit the world of this title. ESP was an ability that I have always wanted to attempt. We aimed for it to be a special thing, and if you time it right, you can deal lots of damage.
Q: How were abilities like Jet, Mirror, UFO and Smash Bros., which haven't appeared in a while, selected?
A: Jet and Mirror are abilities that haven't made an appearance in a long time, so we wanted to revive them in order to respond to hopes of fans. A reason for bringing UFO back is that it fits thematically well with the world of this title. The sense of speed has been increased overall for Jet, and UFO has also seen some fine balance tuning. The Smash Bros. ability is more special. We thought to have some ability that the biggest fans can agree on if Kirby inhales an amiibo from Super Smash Bros. series. This was also revamped from the old ability to the finest points.
Whenever I talk to another photographer the topic of “personal work” always comes up. Usually in the casual form of, “hey, have you shot any personal work lately?” This standard artistic rendition of the workplace, “how's the weather” is usually brushed off and more enjoyable conversations quickly replace it. However, for me, it is probably better that my “personal work” remains limited, for doing it usually leeds to bodily harm (or in this case recurring nightmares).
You see, I've always had a fascination with dangerous animals, be it sharks, snakes, heck if a bird could kill you, I'd probably think it's cool…. but they can't and that's why birds are boring. Anyways, one day I got the grand idea that I would love to photograph the poisonous snakes of the world. (even writing this has made me realize how bad of an idea this was, but trust me, it gets worse). Somehow in my obsessive compulsive quest for sharpness, many… let's says safety precautions… were skipped. Actually now that I think of it, I don't know of any safety precautions we even had other than “don't get bit.”
The lighting for this one took on more dynamics than a regular shoot in that we wanted it to be bright enough to light the snake but not make huge pops that might piss it off. It was a simple 2 light setup with a Profoto Acute 2, two heads, and two small stands. We they a Profoto silver umbrella in front of the snake (along side the camera), and a bare head with reflector dialed narrow on the backdrop. Looking back on it, if I shot it again I would use some SB900's, a D4, and an iPad to focus it.
This is where it gets dumb….
My first request for sharpness was that we not have anything between the camera and the snake. Every layer of glass that is not needed is only a source of flare (hence, why I don't use filters on my lenses) and must be done away with. Now you're probably saying, “oh, that's fine, you can just use a cable release and stay the hell away from the snake.”
This is where it gets real dumb…
In wanting to be able to see what I was getting and autofocus when the snake was over my preferred AF point, I decided I would lay behind the camera. My logic was that snakes only see heat and movement, so if I laid still I would look like nothing more than a rock to them.
The final bit of stupidity…
Snakes, when cold, are very lethargic. So we decided to keep them cold when we brought them to the set and therefor prevent any snake shenanigans. What we failed to account for was how fast two Profoto heads at full power can heat them suckers up. And so, on snake number 3 (a Diamondback Rattlesnake) we found out why I shouldn't shoot personal work.
Let me just say that I was kind of correct in that the snake didn't see me as a threat, as I was looking it eye to eye (notice it has PASSED the camera). It proceeded over me and into the Tenba case that I transported my lights in, which was laying on it's side. The wrangler then shut the case and we cleared the set, everyone was safe….. the wrangler, the assistant and the crying little girl that was a photographer only minutes before.
Since then I have decided to move on and never return to photographing snakes, especially pissed off poisonous ones. Instead I am pursuing a different avenue of personal work…. sharks… more specifically Great White sharks. So in September we depart for the Guadalupe islands to shoot a portrait of great white, safety precautions and life insurance policies are currently being evaluated.
Read more
Eye of the Beholder is a role-playing video game for computers and video game consoles developed by Westwood Studios. It was published by Strategic Simulations, Inc. in 1991 [1][2] for the MS-DOS operating system and later ported to the Amiga, the Sega CD, Game Boy Advance and the SNES. The Sega CD version features an exclusive soundtrack composed by Yuzo Koshiro.[3] A port to the Atari Lynx handheld was developed by NuFX in 1993, but never officially released.The game had two sequels, Eye of the Beholder II: The Legend of Darkmoon, released in 1991, and Eye of the Beholder III: Assault on Myth Drannor, released in 1993. The third game, however, was not written by Westwood, who had been acquired by Virgin Interactive in 1992 and created the Lands of Lore series instead.
Eye of the Beholder is a role-playing video game for computers and video game consoles developed by Westwood Studios. It
Quote Hey everyone!
In case you missed your chance to play against Musco and the devs last week, tomorrow night some of the devs and I will be playing arenas on PTS.
If you didn't read Musco's previous post, let me explain how this will work!
Why?
As we often do with PTS, we have some specific things we want to test. We thought playing with y'all on a live server would be a great way to build a little extra excitement around Game Update 2.4: the Dread War. We are doing something a little different than last week - each of us will be queuing up solo. So you might be playing against one of us or along side one of us!
When?
Our current plan is that we will do this tomorrow night from 5-7 PM CDT.
How?
It's easy! All you have to do is join the ranked solo queue . We will be playing Arenas in that queue nonstop from 5-7 so hop on and you might just get a chance to take us on or have one of us on your team!
Like last time, we will not be in-game to answer questions or anything like that. Whether we are on your team or you are playing against us we will only talk with our weapons!
Below are the character names of who you can expect to see tomorrow!
BWCourtney
BWInq
BWTech
BWSage
BWScoundrel
As you can see, I will be the community team rep this week. I am super excited ! The rest are members of the dev team, including some folks from our Combat/PvP team! We are a mixture of Imperial and Republic characters this time!
ONLY the names mentioned above will be representing BioWare during that exact time. If during that test, or anytime besides that, you see someone on PTS who has similar naming and is claiming to be a BioWare employee, they are not. Not only are they not an employee, I would ask that you immediately send me a PM here on the forums to let me know of their action (do not submit an in-game CS ticket). This is a definite breach of our ToS and appropriate action will be taken.
If you aren't aware of how to access PTS and want to join us, please follow the steps below!
1. Log in to the Star Wars: The Old Republic launcher using your username and password.
2. Click the Settings button (gear) in the bottom left corner of the launcher
3. Under “Enable Public Test Server Access”, select “Yes”
4. Click “Save”
5. Now the bottom left corner will have two buttons: select the new button next to settings
6. Under "Pick an Environment" select "Public Test"
7. Click "Next" and you will begin patching on the Public Test Server*
8. Click "Play"
I shall now leave you with a quote from the great Baron Deathmark, "Get in there and go berserk!" Courtney Woods | Lead Community Coordinator
Follow us on Twitter @SWTOR | Like us on Facebook
[Contact Us] [Rules of Conduct] [F.A.Q.]
The Republicans are very good at getting indignant whenever a Democratic Congressman or president makes what they consider a slip (I mean, beyond Obama's being black). Obama dared to put the name of a potential Supreme Court judge forward when they only had a year or so left in their term. Yes, to those rational, thinking, smart, non-Republicans, that was not only their right, but their duty as the sitting president. But Mitch McConnell poked their head out of their shell very quickly and very emphatically to say that was not the case. President Obama dared to request a certain kind of mustard. The nerve of that guy! (And did I mention he's black?). So with all of Trump's whoopsies, dementia-fueled moments, and increasing acts of sheer stupidity, here's my question to Republicans: Where's the outrage?
Trump still, in their continuing road rallies, gets their crowds of clearly clueless groupies to chant ‘Lock them up!' even though Hillary was cleared of any wrongdoing in connection with the four deaths in Benghazi. So far, on Trump's watch, the number of civilian deaths resulting from their quest to destroy ISIS are almost equal to the number of civilians lost during President Obama's entire eight years. Also on Trump's watch, military deaths in war zones are higher, which hasn't happened in six years. Their failed military strike in Yemen resulted in the death of one American sailor and many Yemeni civilians, including women and nine children. And then of course, there's the mysterious operation in Niger in which four (yes, four—that number ring a bell?) US soldiers died. That's a lot of deaths, both military and civilian. And many were American. So, four in Benghazi and hundreds on Trump's watch: Where's the damn outrage, Republicans? Are we ready to chant ‘Lock HIM up? And if not, why not?
In their Barnum and Bailey circus of a campaign, Trump repeatedly took swipes at Hillary for their association with Goldman Sachs. They were aiming, golden escalator aside, to be identified as an Everyman. One of us. You know, the people who don't have a golden escalator, very much money, or, in the case of their mindless followers, a working brain. Then, upon becoming president, they promptly put at least five Goldman Sachs bankers in their administration. Where's the outrage? Seriously. Where?!
The list of men currently falling like dominoes under the accusations of sexual misconduct continues to grow. And they come from a variety of professions: entertainment, news media, music, and, yes, politics. Senator Al Franken, Representative Ruben Kihuen, Raul Bocanegra, Representative John Conyers, senate nominee Roy Moore, Senator Brock Adams, and the list goes on. I heard Paul Ryan claim righteously in an interview that this behavior CANNOT be allowed. Here, in fact, are their exact words: “Sexual harassment has no place in any workplace, let alone in the United States Congress. The fact that some people walking these halls are subjected to a hostile or threatening work environment when they came here to serve their country, to serve their ideals, that's wrong.” They called such behavior a ‘disgrace.' When reporters asked them about the 16 women who have accused Trump of the same behavior, however, they refused to answer. Of course they did. Somehow, if you're the sitting president, a Republican sitting president, such behavior is apparently okay. You are even, apparently, allowed to endorse a pedophile running for the senate. Trump's obscene confessions on tape were, according to their son, merely ‘locker room banter.' As Sarah ‘Goodtime Gal' Huckabee Sanders said, all sixteen of Trump's accusers are lying. Billy Bush, who is on tape with Trump when Trump said their infamous ‘grab 'em by the pussy' remarks, affirms the truth of those remarks. And, of course, there were seven or eight other witnesses in the room. But Trump says they're all lying, as well. Billy Bush, incidentally, lost their job over this; Trump, meanwhile, became president. Again I ask: Where's the outrage? There's probably more evidence to support a case against Trump than any of the other accused men, and yet they remain in office, and with the GOP's blessing. And can you wrap your mind around what would have happened if only ONE woman had accused Barack Obama of such behavior? Oh my God, it boggles the mind. They would have lynched them (he is black, after all) and the Fox News anchors would have been both apoplectic and salivating all over their ‘fair and balanced' copy.
I remember all the memes, editorial cartoons, and snarky comments about what some considered Obama's continued violation of the Constitution. I recall a relative saying indignantly, ‘My God, has they even READ the Constitution?!'. Since he's a Constitutional attorney, my guess is that they have, by the way. But with every stroke of the pen on executive orders, the naysayers called foul. Fast forward to the current president. Not only do they willfully and repeated violate the Constitution, but he'd like to change it to make it more president-friendly. After all, it's hard to completely rule as a tyrant with pesky documents like that one in the way. Trump's deluded disciples voted them in because they feared Hillary wouldn't uphold the Constitution. What they've saddled us with is someone at the helm who, despite vowing to protect and defend it, considers the Constitution ‘archaic' and considers it bad for the country. In short, we have a one-man wrecking crew when it comes to the Constitution. And I don't see their congressional minions standing in theirs way.
Trump maintains control of their businesses, despite promises to the contrary; thus, they profit off the country. They have deleted at least twenty-two tweets, which is technically destroying presidential records since their own administration has said that their tweets are their official word. Refusing to enforce Obamacare so that the law can suffocate and die is a violation of the Constitution. They sign executive orders like one eats potato chips; they apparently can't stop. Had Obama come close to signing that many, they would have been up for impeachment, something Teflon Don keeps successfully sidestepping for God only knows why. They have attacked freedom of the press and free expression; they took soldiers into Syria without Congressional approval; they have abused the power of the president to pardon.  They are turning protected lands over to drilling and mining (at the very least, this is likely illegal). A Boston Globe article entitled ‘Five Ways Trump May Have Violated the Constitution' was published on January 31 of this year. At that point, they had been in office precisely eleven days. These aren't the only Constitutional violations Trump has committed, of course, but it's quite an impressive show of total disrespect for one of the three most important documents in our country's history. And yes, once again there should be outrage. So much outrage. But he's advancing an agenda mostly shared by their Congressional goon squad, so, of course, there will be no outrage.
These are only a few examples of so many incidents and situations that beg the question: Where's the outrage? Apparently the Republicans are very selective in placing blame. Namely, if you're Trump, it's all good. If you're anyone else, you're a disgrace. To some degree, I get it. The GOP-controlled Congress is busy riding Trump's coat tails, getting every piece of legislation passed asap that benefits them and their donors, while placing sometimes unbearable burdens and cruelty on the rest of the population, including the most fragile among us. I can only hope that as the orange engineer of their gravy train gets more and more demented and, hopefully, goes down for treason and/or assault, another set of dominoes will fall. And hopefully they'll crush the dreams, aspirations, ambitions, and bank accounts of all those who not only don't call outrage, but also amplify the reasons for it. Then, and only then, will they acknowledge that there is even cause for outrage. By then, however, it will probably be too late.
Other commentaries by Gail Barth:
Santa, You Screwed Us Over
Standing Tall
The ABCs of Trump
What Will You Tell the Children?
Fun with Dick and...
NBC News is reporting U.S. President-elect Donald Trump is expected to name ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson as secretary of state.
Environmental groups widely condemned the selection of Tillerson as secretary of state. Exxon is facing multiple lawsuits over its role in covering up the science behind climate change. In 2015, InsideClimate News revealed how ExxonMobil's own research confirmed the role of fossil fuels in global warming decades ago. By 1977, Exxon's own senior experts had begun to warn the burning of fossil fuels could pose a threat to humanity. At first, Exxon launched an ambitious research program, outfitting a supertanker with instruments to study carbon dioxide in the air and ocean. But toward the end of the 1980s, Exxon changed course and shifted to the forefront of climate change denial. Since the 1990s, it has spent millions of dollars funding efforts to reject the science its own experts knew of decades ago.
Tillerson has served as CEO and chairperson of Exxon since 2006 and is known to have close ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin. The Wall Street Journal reports Tillerson has “known Mr. Putin since they represented Exxon's interests in Russia during the regime of Boris Yeltsin.” In 2013, Putin awarded Tillerson the country's Order of Friendship decoration.
The news of Tillerson's selection comes a day after President Obama ordered a review of Russia's role influencing the presidential election. The CIA has reportedly already concluded Russia intervened in the election to help Trump win.
350.org Executive Director May Boeve issued the following statement: “This is unfathomable. We can't let Trump put the world's largest oil company in charge of our international climate policy. Tillerson may be a friend of Putin's, but he's no friend of the planet. ExxonMobil is still a leading funder of climate denial and is pursuing a business plan that will destroy our future. Tillerson deserves a federal investigation, not federal office. We'll be pressuring Senators to turn the confirmation process into a hearing on ExxonMobil's history of climate deception. If Exxon is found guilty of working with other oil companies to deceive the public and their shareholders about the threat of climate change, they could be on the hook for fraud and racketeering charges. It would be the largest corporate scandal in history and could not only stop Tillerson's appointment, but take down the entire company.”
Greenpeace USA spokesperson Cassady Craighill said: “Just when we thought Trump's Cabinet could not get farther away from the needs of the American people, they sneak in a Saturday appointment of Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson as secretary of state. In this position, Tillerson will try their hardest to silence global initiatives and the right of state attorney generals to hold fossil fuel companies legally accountable for climate change. We will not be silenced, and we will not allow this cabinet of billionaires to steamroll the people.”
See more coverage of Exxon's climate change cover-up from Democracy Now!:
Inside Exxon's Great Climate Cover-Up: From Early Climate Change Researcher to Epic Climate Denier
Exxon's Climate Cover-Up Just Got Bigger: Docs Suggest All Major Oil Giants Have Lied Since 1970s
By Huey Morgan
Hey y'all, this is Huey, you know me, I'm that Fun Lovin' Criminal rockin' your radio waves every weekend, The People's Champ making sure you stay classy. Or maybe you don't, but that's cool ‘cos thanks to the miracle of modern media we can get better acquainted … Join me every week for my brand-new podcast Huey: Off The Record where I'll be talking to some of the most interesting people I know - some you mighta heard of - the likes of Ricky Gervais, Iggy Pop, Scroobius Pip - and some you might not, but I think you should have, like my buddies Grammy award winning producer Tim Latham and legendary rock 'n' roll photographer Danny Clinch.
Huey: Off The Record's all about keepin' it real with some of the illest muthafuckas around. We'll be jammin' on music, fame, politics, religion, the crazy shit we got up to on tour bus, that we don't know more cos we're too old…
So hit that subscribe button, be sure to get Huey: Off The Record direct to your device every week, and tell...
A student team took the grand prize in the finals of the global iGEM competition today.
UC Davis team won 1st place in the 2014 iGEM competition for their bio-sensor machine that detects rancid olive oil oil. The team members are: Lucas Murray, Brian Tamsut, James Lucas, Sarah Ritz, Aaron Cohen, Simon Staley,and Simon Staley, and Yeonju Song
A student team composed of some of the best and brightest young minds at the University of California, Davis, today took the grand prize in the finals of the global iGEM (International Genetically Engineered Machines) competition in Boston. The team also won the Best Policy and Practices Advanced Presentation Award.
The UC Davis students, all undergraduates, placed tops in what is known as the "overgraduate division." A team from the University of Heidelberg was awarded the grand prize in the "undergraduate division."
The competition, which this year featured 245 teams from Asia, Europe, Latin America and North America, annually challenges student teams to design and build biological systems or machines and present their inventions in the international competition.
The UC Davis team spent several months building a high-tech, palm-sized biosensor to quickly evaluate the chemical profile of olive oil. Their creation provides a prototype for quickly and accurately detecting low-grade or adulterated olive oil.
The UC Davis team is composed of undergraduate students Lucas Murray, Brian Tamsut, James Lucas, Sarah Ritz, Aaron Cohen and Simon Staley, with student Yeonju Song serving as an alternate or “shadow” team member. A team of faculty advisers guided the students. For more on the innovative olive oil biosensor and the iGEM competition visit, click here.
Related Video:
If you're like me, you woke up yesterday morning in a profound funk, and could feel a cold, grey depression coming on. Overnight, the unthinkable had happened. A monstrous candidate we had been assured over and over and over again had absolutely no chance of being elected President had triumphed – over conventional wisdom, common decency and the iron-clad assurances of a punditocracy that Trump might huff and puff but was ultimately nothing more than bluster – to unexpectedly assume the highest office in the land, if not the entire world.
The bad guy won. The really bad guy won. The bully triumphed over the obscenely over-qualified would-be pioneer. Hillary was left stranded at the altar of the presidency yet again, increasingly the Susan Lucci of presidential politics. By the time the election was held I suspect Clinton, like everyone else I know, but obviously not everyone in the country, was exhausted by the long, humiliating circus, and just wanted it to be over so we could go back to at least pretending to be adults, and not pussy-grabbing, racism-spreading, narcissistic degenerates.
I felt like I'd run a hundred mile super-marathon, only to be told at the finish line that I'd need to strap a hundred pound weights onto my legs because I was now obligated to run another 400 miles, only this time someone would be calling me a “fucking Jew” the entire time. What I had hoped and prayed, and in my naïveté, completely believed, would be a historic repudiation of bigotry and hate and out of control narcissism has instead become an enthusiastic, potentially long-lasting endorsement of those awful qualities.
Yesterday morning left me with some tough questions. Some of these were practical questions like, “Will I be able to afford health insurance for my baby now?” But others were more existential. I found myself looking in the mirror and wearily wondering, “How on earth are we going to survive four, or potentially more, years of Donald Trump being the most powerful, famous and talked about person in the world? How will we get through this unprecedented political, social and psychological crisis?”
I am the father of a two-year-old boy, so I do not have the luxury to give in to fear and self-pity and abject depression. No, I need to be invested in this scary world for my son's sake as well as my own. So I decided that doubling down on my obsessive love of podcasts would be among the survival tactics I would employ to help me survive Trump.
Podcasts fill a big entertainment role in my life. I listen to podcasts more than I listen to music or watch movies and television, and you know I love me some 90 Day Fiance. But beyond the enormous practical role podcasts fill in my life, they fill an even bigger emotional role. For years, listening to otherwise vastly different people discuss their battles with mental illness in ways that I can relate to on a profound emotional level on podcasts like Mental Illness Happy Hour and Wrestling With Depression has been cathartic for me, almost a form of free therapy.
The motto for Mental Illness Happy Hour is “You are not alone” and that is a message that people particularly need right now, because when a candidate whose clear superiority you imagine is apparent to anyone with a heart and/or a brain over a malevolent dunce is thoroughly trounced by said rancid orange ignoramus, it's easy to feel hopelessly cut off from humanity, and particularly countrymen whose thoughts and actions you can't begin to understand.
It's easy to feel blindsided and overwhelmed and confused and terrified right now. I know I do. Those are all exceedingly logical, rational responses to what just happened. So it's good to listen to podcasts where voices you know and trust can also discuss how blindsided, overwhelmed, confused, and terrified they're also feeling.
Listening to podcasts is a good reminder that despite the alienation of contemporary life, a lot of people feel the way you do, that they wrestle with the same pain and anxiety, that they have the same wishes and the same fears. Right now it's safe to assume that Trump is an overwhelming fear in many people's minds.
I don't think it would be an exaggeration to say that if I were to go back into therapy (which, full disclosure, I very well might, and for a very specific reason I assume you can probably figure out) I'd list my biggest issues as financial anxiety, professional uncertainty, and Donald Trump, and not necessarily in that order. And that's when I still labored under the comforting delusion that Trump would be soundly defeated rather than unconscionably rewarded and empowered.
I'm certainly not the only person afflicted with a bad psychological case of the Donald Trump's and I've found that listening to other people open up about their own experiences with depression, even if it's on an otherwise light-hearted and hilarious podcast like The Flop House, can be enormously comforting and consoling.
Podcast fans fearing the long, cold winter that will be Trump's presidency can find solidarity and companionship in the sense of community a lot of podcasts provide, whether in the form of feverishly active Facebook groups, meet-ups or intense message-board bonding. The followings for podcasts like The Best Show, My Favorite Murder, Comedy Bang Bang, Hollywood Handbook, and The Flop House are so intense that they almost qualify as quasi-sub-cultures and heaven knows that the public has formed an unhealthily intense, pathological relationship, bordering on co-dependent, with Marc Maron. Jesse Thorn has turned Maximum Fun into something resembling a benevolent cult, and Chris Hardwick came back from the void of alcoholism, depression, and a professional bottoming out to become an architect of contemporary culture alongside peers Scott Aukerman and Maron.
In these uncertain, troubled and terrifying times, podcasts can be an exhilarating source of escape, into a world of pure silliness and joy. Yesterday I listened to the latest episode of Hollywood Handbook and for a blissful hour or so I was in the moment and laughing and not wracked with absolute terror over the looming prospect of a Trump presidency. Let yourself laugh. Let yourself get distracted. Binge-listen to Andy Daly episodes of Comedy Bang Bang. Find a new podcast to fall in love with. Be curious. Widen your net and exit your comfort zone. Or why not face your fears and anxiety head-on and listen to the wonderful new political comedy podcast Hard Nation, which alchemizes the terror of the current political landscape into big, cathartic laughter?
As someone who has wrestled with depression, I know how the ritual, repetition, and consistency of podcast super-fandom and podcasts can be incredibly useful for the depressed and anxious. There have been periods throughout my life when knowing that a new episode of Comedy Bang Bang or The Long Shot was awaiting me when I turned on my iPod played a huge role in giving me the strength to get out of bed.
Don't think of your comfortable retreat into the cocoon of your favorite podcasts as self-pity. Think of it instead as self-care. So be sure to to avail yourself of the myriad pleasures and consolations podcasts can provide, from ecstatic laughter to tear-jerking emotional catharsis, because in the months and years ahead it, we're going to need it, and each other, more than ever.
Nathan Rabin is the author of five books, including Weird Al: The Book (with Al Yankovic) and the recently released Ebook “Short Read”, 7 Days In Ohio: Trump, The Gathering of The Juggalos And The Summer Everything Went Insane.
Most of us have been there. It feels like you aren't improving, like your skills are stagnating or even regressing. It seems like everyone is moving forward while your skates remain stuck in the mud. You feel nostalgic for the passion you had right when you started roller derby, but don't know how to revive it. You can't shake that creeping feeling of burnout. It makes you wonder if the sport has finally lost its magic or you've reached your personal peak. The answer is NO — derby is still magical and there's always more you can do! Try one or more of these tips to help you battle the burnout.
Push through it
Usually when I get into a plateau period, I just push through it. I have a few alcoholics in my family, which has exposed me to some AA slogans I think are appropriate here — “Keep coming back” and “Fake it til you make it.” I continue going to practice even when I'm not feeling it with the faith that at some point I'll have a breakthrough, start to get excited about derby again and begin to excel. Derby, as with life, has its natural peaks and valleys. I haven't tried this tactic yet, but my friend who holds a black belt in Aikido participates in something called kangeiko each winter, committing with their dojo compatriots to practicing daily for as many hours as possible during a 10-day period. I think focusing on an overarching and ambitious goal like attending every single practice in a month, for example, could be a good method for pushing through and defocusing on incremental progress, while deepening your connection to the practice. You forget that you practice with yourself every single day and many of your improvements will be so gradual you can't perceive them yourself.
List your goals
Literally. Write them down somewhere. Make sure some of them are short-term attainable goals. For example, winning MVP blocker for the season is a good goal, but that is a long-term pursuit. Learning a power slide or improving your jumps or effectively backwards blocking are things you can work on at your next practice. I always have a list going so when I don't know what to work on, I can refer to that. For example: I want to learn to do hockey stops and power slides better on my “bad” side. I want to do a 360 jump with ease. I want to work on my fakes and improve my jammer strategy. I also want to backwards block better. During any practice downtime, I pick one, and I can feel a little progress each time. This progress keeps me hungry.
Pick a theme for practice
I try to remember to during the coach-led drills to focus on some opportunity for overall improvement, such as: getting my stance lower, shortening my recovery time or increasing my communication. Pick one at the beginning of practice and make that your personal “theme” for the day, and carry that through drills and scrimmage. I know a lot of girls could inject a lot more “rawr” and “hustle” into their games — choosing to be aggressive or go all out in every single drill are good daily themes. This kind of tricks keep me excited and interested, even if we are doing drills that are easy for me or if I come to practice in robot skater mode.
Start cross-training
If you play derby for awhile, you'll get to the point where you realize you want and need to train outside of practice to get to the next level. When you start, derby may BE your fitness routine, but pretty soon you'll want to start working out to fuel your derby habit and it can really give your playing a boost. I started running and doing boot camp classes. I really wanted to get stronger in my core and upper body since there is so much leg and booty focus in derby. Some of my teammates do CrossFit or yoga, and the options are endless depending on your interests. Doing something else with your body will give you a new perspective on derby and help you feel less bored and more motivated. And it will improve your overall fitness!
Focus on fun
It sounds so simple and obvious, but sometimes we get so dang serious about derby, we forget to get lost in the moment and have fun. Give yourself permission to focus ONLY on fun for a few weeks, and forget about measuring your progress as a skater. A lot of us derby players, particularly we women, are high achievers with really stringent expectations of ourselves in life, and that translates right into derby. Instead of experiencing the joy of playing, we get caught up in criticizing ourselves, which doesn't help improve our game. Bonnie D. Stroir calls it “kicking the puppy.” Don't kick the puppy! Focus on fun and the skill logjam will naturally start to loosen up.
Scale back on league duties
Many of us who are passionate about what happens on the track tend to be leaders in the administrative parts of our leagues. We take on a lot of committee work and so on because we care about the health of our organizations, sometimes at the expense of our own mental health. I've seen many derbyists' skating suffer because of it. If you're not able to enjoy the central part of you're league's enterprise — SKATING AND PLAYING DERBY — you are doing too much. If you're constantly missing practice because of committee work or skip because you feel you need a break from derby after staying up all night designing bout programs after someone else dropped the ball AGAIN, you probably need to grant yourself permission to do a little less and let others step up. Reducing some obligations (and stress!) will hopefully give your performance on the track a jump start.
Take a break
Many times on this blog I have counseled readers NOT to take a break. However, sometimes a legitimate need to step away from derby arises, and jarring yourself out of a rut could qualify. What I counsel against is what my friend affectionately calls a “leave of anger.” Don't take a break because you are butthurt about not making a roster and intend to “teach a lesson” to your coaches or teammates. That is a leave of anger and will only hurt you. I would also caution against taking a break if you haven't been playing derby for very long – your freshly acquired skills will disappear much more quickly than a grizzled veteran's will and, before you know it, you'll be starting from scratch again. If you've only been playing for a year, you probably aren't yet seasoned enough to determine whether you legitimately need a significant break, so keep skating. However, if you've been playing for a few years and have a chronic case of the burnouts, a chance to focus on other things in life might be just what you need to push past that plateau. Distance makes the heart grow fonder, and a few weeks or months off may shift your perspective, give your skills time to integrate and renew your passion for derby.
[I wrote this piece after a reader contacted Call the Jam seeking advice on how to get past a plateau. If there's anything you'd like to see discussed on this blog, contact me here.]
BRUSSELS — The quick shooting of an attacker who tried to detonate a nail bomb and shouted “Allahu akbar” at a Brussels train station averted fatalities, officials said Wednesday, as Belgium increased security measures around the country.
The attacker was a 36-year-old Moroccan national not known to authorities for being involved in terror activities, federal magistrate Eric Van der Sypt told reporters. They declined to say if the man had a criminal record.
The man charged soldiers at Brussels Central Station on Tuesday after their suitcase, containing nails and gas canisters, failed to fully explode, Van der Sypt said. It was a lucky escape for several travellers nearby.
The man then shouted “Allahu akbar,” Arabic for “God is great,” before the soldiers shot them dead, the magistrate said. Nobody else was injured.
“It was clear they wanted to cause much more damage than what happened,” Van der Sypt said. “The bag exploded twice but it could have been a lot worse.”
Earlier reports said the man was wearing an explosive belt, but Van der Sypt said that wasn't true. They said the man was from the Molenbeek neighbourhood, the home and transit point for many of the suspects linked to attacks in Brussels and in Paris in November 2015.
Belgium has been on high alert since suicide bombers killed 32 people at the Brussels airport and a subway station on March 22, 2016.
Security remained high around rail facilities and preparations were underway to beef up security for a Coldplay concert at the 50,000-seat King Baudouin Stadium later Wednesday.
“In three years we have been confronted with several attacks or attempts and we say the zero risk does not exist,” Prime Minister Charles Michel said after a specially-convened security meeting.
Central Station re-opened at 8 a.m. (0600 GMT; 2 a.m. EDT) Wednesday. A mobile police command unit and several officers were still at the station, an Associated Press photographer said.
Burn marks remained on the floor at the scene, as workers continued to clean up and paint the area.
Belgium's Crisis Center said Wednesday that it sees no need to raise the national security alert level, which has been on its second-highest rung for more than a year. It said that no public events would be cancelled but that additional police and troops have been mobilized.
The following is a guest post from our senior CBA correspondent Beantown Canuck. Beantown Canuck is a Nucksmisconduct regular, and a lawyerly type who resides in New York. They used to live in Boston but they now deny the existence of such a place. Beantown Canuck loves to look into and analyze the CBA, and may, or may not, derive a quasi-sexual satisfaction from such an activity that they call "a lawyerboner." Here's their take on Rule 13.23 of the current NHL/NHLPA CBA which, is the rule that requires players like Antti Miettinen to pass through waivers upon being signed, if they were previously under contract with a team overseas in the same season.
This is a Guest post from Beantown Canuck.
Alright Canucks Army, since I know you all loved my article on the ramifications of falling under the cap floor, I'm back to serve you some more hot, steamy NHL Collective Bargaining Agreement analysis. Today let's talk about everyone's favourite rule: Rule 13.23. What is Rule 13.23 you ask? Well you wouldn't be asking if you were Antti Miettinen, or Evegni Nabokov, or Kyle Wellwood (in the case of Wellwood, for reasons beyond the fact that it's hard to ask questions with a hoagie in your mouth). Rule 13.23 is the reason Antti had to forego the bikini'd beaches of Tampa for the cruel winters of Winnipeg. It is the reason why Evgeni couldn't help Detroit overcome their torturous three season Stanley Cup drought and instead had to throw a hissy before eventually joining the Islanders. And it is the reason Kyle somehow missed out on St. Louis and had to instead join those “unafraid of losing” dynamos in San Jose.
This is Rule 13.23:
In the event a professional or former professional Player plays in a league outside North America after the start of the NHL Regular Season, other than on Loan from their Club, they may thereafter play in the NHL during that Playing Season (including Playoffs) only if they have first either cleared or been obtained via Waivers. For the balance of the Playing Season, any such Player who has been obtained via Waivers may be Traded or Loaned only after again clearing Waivers or through Waiver claim.
Basically, Rule 13.23 requires that any player who plays in a European professional league during an NHL season must pass through waivers before being allowed to play in the NHL during that season. As a result of this rule, in the case of Miettinen, Nabokov and Wellwood (who all left the KHL midseason), each was picked off waivers. But from the perspective of the interests of the NHL and the NHLPA, the two parties to the CBA, what's the point of this rule?
Without question this rule is adverse to the goals of the NHLPA, whose purpose is to advocate for the interests of its members. Rule 13.23 adds a powerful element of risk to any team wishing to sign this category of players, inherently making teams less likely to do so. Furthermore, Rule 13.23 denies the player the element of control over where they play. This category of players basically only get to decide whether or not they are willing to sign a particular NHL contract, and then they leave it to Russian Roulette to determine for which team. Without this rule, players who begin a season in a European league and leave such league midseason would simply return to the free agency status they would have had prior to the season, with all the control that goes with it. The NHLPA is always in pursuit of increasing free agency rights for its members, and surely it should oppose this rule.
I also thing this rule is adverse to the interests of the NHL, whose purpose is to aggregate the interests of the owners/management of the 30 NHL clubs, whose individual goals are some unholy combination of “winning games” and “making money”. Rule 13.23 further ties the hands of league GMs who wish to shakeup their squads midseason. The addition of the salary cap under the current CBA makes midseason roster change difficult because you have to strike a balance between imposed financial limitations and hockey decisions on two separate teams to work something out. It no longer just takes two to tango—it now takes two plus both of their accountants. But for teams that have saved cap space or that have developed a sudden need for another warm body because of injuries (which can create unexpected LTIR cap space midseason), having the potential to bring in NHL caliber players currently outside the system can be a valuable alternative course to take. This rule effectively makes it no option at all, or at least no better than a crapshoot. Teams won't bother trying to sign these players except as a desperation move, because as experience has shown, in all likelihood you'll just be doing one of your 29 competitors a favour.
Perhaps I'm overlooking something. Perhaps there are some teams that prefer a system that makes it hard for these players to return to the league—maybe some teams (Islanders? Jets? ) think that they would have trouble signing players in such a fashion, so at least the waiver requirement gives them the same chance of picking up these players as any other team. Or perhaps less wealthy teams who wouldn't be willing to add additional players to their payroll want this rule to partially level the playing field by deterring other teams from doing so as well. But considering that few players would ever be available through this route, and considering how for the most part players in this category only went to Europe in the first place because no team wanted to sign them for much money, instituting this rule for these purposes seems excessive to me.
I reached out to other hockey aficionados to see what they think the rule is for. In conversations over the interwebs, James Mirtle of the Globe and Mail initially suggested to me that maybe this rule is to appease the concerns of the European leagues. If correct, this seemed to me to be a redundant and overreaching reason to impose the rule. The NHL has in place transfer agreements with all of the major European hockey leagues other than the KHL, under which they agree, amongst other things, that no NHL team will sign a player under professional contract with any of those leagues. So the European leagues (other than the KHL) didn't need further protection under the CBA, and if the KHL refuses to play nice with the NHL, why should the NHL grant them any favours?
Along a similar vein, Thom Drance of, well, here, suggested to me that maybe the NHL wanted this rule to deter players from cashing in over in Europe for the beginning of the season while awaiting a better offer to return midseason to the NHL. Again, this is a redundant concern for most leagues because of the transfer agreements. With respect to the KHL's exclusion from the transfer agreement regime, the NHL could have created a simpler rule stating that no player may breach a contract with another professional league if they've played in that league during an NHL season in order to come play in the NHL during that same NHL season. That would have still left open the possibility for the NHL to steal away KHL players (i.e. Malkin) in the offseason while closing the door on players starting seasons in the KHL with the intention of breaching contract and running back to the NHL when a sweeter offer comes in. And for the last two seasons even this possibility has become a non-issue, because after a few years of mutual poaching between leagues (e.g. Radulov went the other way), last season and this season the KHL and NHL have entered into a “memorandum of understanding” under which they've agreed to cease and desist such practices. So as it stands now, the NHL treats KHL players the same as players in any other major European league—they have to be released from their existing contract in order to try and come back to the NHL. Antti, Evgeni and Kyle all were granted release from contracts to leave their KHL teams for various reasons. They were otherwise powerless to just up and jump ship and seek a better offer in the NHL.
2Mirtle later suggested that perhaps this rule is in place to prevent teams from manipulating the cap. But I'm not sure how teams could manipulate the cap by signing players who played in European leagues earlier in a season. And I really don't understand why, if there is some sort of cap manipulation involved, such manipulation wouldn't also be the case for signing free agents who don't play anywhere until they receive a midseason deal to their liking (such players are not beholden to a waiver requirement). If someone can explain to me a good argument as to how this rule curbs cap manipulation I'd like to hear it.
The long and short of it is I don't get this rule. I want these players to be able to come back and play in the NHL, and I want this to be a legitimate option available for teams to pursue. I hope when the next juicy, sexy, exciting CBA is agreed to (which hopefully happens this offseason, fingers crossed), Rule 13.23 will be dead and gone.
For those of you who want to join the cool kids and start analyzing the NHL CBA for yourselves, you can find a copy of it here. Have fun!
Beantown Canucks is a strident lawyerly type. Follow them on Twitter here.
Oath of the Bloodthanes
You were born with the fires of Baator in your soul and the blood of thanes in your veins. You were born to rule with an iron fist and bring order through your might. Your life is dedicated to preparing yourself and your tyrannized subjects for the Blood War and eventual invasion of the multiverse by the 'forces of Hell. You will serve in those forces as a captain, a general, or even an overlord depending on your ambition, ruthlessness and achievements in this life.
Tenants of the Bloodthane
A paladin who takes this oath has the tenets of conquest seared on the upper arm. A hell knight's oath appears in Infernal runes, a brutal reminder of vows to the Lords of Hell.
Strength Above All. The strong should rightfully govern the weak, who in turn owe their masters unwavering obedience.
Rule with an Iron Fist. Your word is law. Those who obey it shall be favored. Those who defy it shall be punished as an example to all who might follow Anyone with the
Ambition and Influence. Consolidate power, wealth and influence. Infiltrate all levels of society and bind those of power and influence to you. All power and alliance gained by you adds to the might of Hell.
Oath Spells
You gain oath spells at the paladin levels listed.
Paladin Level Spells 3rd Hellish Rebuke, Inflict Wounds 5th Scorching Ray, Darkness 9th Bestow Curse, Fireball 13th Wall of Fire, Fire Shield 17th Flame Strike, Dominate Person
Channel Divinity
When you take this oath at 3rd level, you gain the following two Channel Divinity options.
Infernal Weapon. As an action, you can imbue one weapon that you are holding with Infernal energy, causing it to become wreathed in crimson flames, using your Channel Divinity. For 1 minute, you add your Charisma modifier to attack rolls made with that weapon (with a minim um bonus of +1). The weapon also emits bright light in a 20-foot radius and dim light 20 feet beyond that. If the weapon is not already magical, it becomes magical for the duration.
You can end this effect on your turn as part of any other action. If you are no longer holding or carrying this weapon, or if you fall unconscious, this effect ends
Dreadful Aspect. As an action, the Paladin channels the darkest emotions and focuses them into a burst of magical menace. Each creature of the Paladin's choice within 30 feet of the Paladin must make a Wisdom saving throw if they can see the Paladin. On a failed save, the target is frightened of the Paladin for 1 minute. If a creature frightened by this effect ends its turn more than 30 feet away from the Paladin, it can attempt another Wisdom saving throw to end the effect on it.
Aura of Tyranny
Beginning at 7th level, your will is unshakeable and influences your allies. You and friendly creatures within 10 feet of you can't be charmed while you are conscious. At 18th level, the range of this aura increases to 30 feet.
Infernal Resistance
At 15th level, the Paladin gains resistance to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from all non-magical weapons. Furthermore, you are immune to Fire damage.
Infernal Devil
At 20th level, you can assume the form of an Infernal Devil. Using your action, you undergo a transformation. For 1 hour, you gain the following benefits:
Wings sprout from your back and grant you a flying speed of 60 feet.
You emanate an aura of fire in a 30-foot radius. The first time any enemy creature enters the aura or starts its turn there during a battle, the creature must succeed on a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the creature takes 10 fire damage.
Bright light shines from you in a 30-foot radius, and dim light shines 30 feet beyond that.
Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.
Strava data has been used to ban mountain bikers from a park trail after cyclists posted data showing them riding at speeds in excess of 20mph.
Horse riders and hikers raised concerns over riders using Byrne Preserve trails in Los Alto Hills, California at “incredibly unacceptable” speeds.
The ban was unanimously passed by the local council in January, thanks in part to Strava data from the trails, with no opposition to the ban made by the local cycling community. Some feel a worrying precedent has now been set and are asking riders to consider their behaviour on local trails.
Teen cyclist fined for riding 37mph in Richmond Park
Ryan Dunfee, writing in Teton Gravity, said: “While Los Altos Hills' action is seemingly a unique example of what can happen when folks who don't want bikers around use bikers' own data against them, it's not hard to imagine Forest Service rangers or other public officials being forced to take action against illegal trails or in the case of Los Altos Hills, revoke legal trail access mountain bikers already enjoy.”
Dunfee said it is possible for a “vocal minority” to use Strava data to back up concerns raised to local councils and help ban bikers, and said cyclists need to be proactive in monitoring behaviour in their community.
Some local horse riders registered complaints about cycling speeds in the Preserve, in particular the steep Artemas Gintzon trail, and the potential for horses being spooked by bikers appearing unexpectedly around blind corners, and the dangers that poses to younger, less experienced riders.
Are YOU a Strava Wanker?
Los Altos Online reported Councilman John Radford was among those reluctant to deny cyclists access to the Preserve, but the Strava data, with speeds of 20mph and greater, ultimately influenced approval of the ban.
At a public meeting on the issue, they said: “I'm done with this as far as I'm concerned,”
“The speed numbers that were talked about tonight are just incredibly unacceptable. I can't even believe. Sorry, whoever's done those apps and whoever puts that together – that just put a hole in the whole argument.”
Website Singletracks said they resisted bringing the issue to public attention earlier in case it was used by anti-cycling individuals to ban cyclists from trails. In a recent blog, however, Jeff Barber suggested people make certain rides private to avoid fueling the argument against cyclists on contentious cycling routes.
Dunfee, meanwhile, believes cyclists need to start tackling speeding before it reaches the point where bans are mooted.
“Given the inevitable posting of Strava data – as well as that from other apps that track outdoor activities – it would seem the only solution is to get out in front of the issue, own those speeds, and be the group that starts the conversation about shared use," they said.
"Better that than to be on your heels, or in the case of the public comment in the Los Altos Hills case, not present in the conversation at all.”
Mountain View resident, Andrew Yee, told Los Altos Online trail users should work together for a solution. They said: “We can get kids off the road, they can ride on these paths”.
“In 12 years in living in this area, I haven't had a single incident that's been unpleasant with hikers, other bikers or equestrians. … I think we can learn and collaborate instead of discriminating against one group.”
In London, Regents Park Cyclists were recently credited with helping reduce collisions resulting in injury by 58% on a popular park cycle route after working with police to approach fellow riders about red light jumping and cycling at night without lights, while police officers tackled speeding motorists.
The Federal Aviation Administration has announced the furloughing of almost 3,000 air safety inspectors as part of the government shutdown.
The job of the inspectors is to ensure that airlines are keeping up with planes' mechanical upgrades; to perform inspections on the planes and pilots; and to visit the sites that airlines use to repair aircraft, both domestically and overseas, said Kori Blalock Keller, a spokesperson for the Professional Aviation Safety Specialists union, in the Daily Mail.
The cutbacks were so stringent — 3,000 workers sent on furlough — that union officials initially thought the FAA had made a mistake, Ms. Blalock Keller said. But FAA Administrator Michael P. Huerta said it's no error: The inspection force in fact had been targeted for the furloughs.
“[I am] outraged that the FAA would consider aviation safety inspectors as playing anything but a pivotal role in protecting the safety of the American public,” said Mike Perrone, the president of the PASS union, in the Daily Mail. “Furloughing this critical workforce is neither in the best interest of the economy nor the oversight of this country's aviation system.”
Federal air traffic controllers will not be affected by the government shutdown, nor will airport security screeners, the newspaper reported.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Eric Trump bashed CNN's Jim Acosta Wednesday after the reporter tweeted criticism of the White House for only taking questions from conservatives in the briefing room.
“Does this feel like America? Where the White House takes q's from conservatives, then openly thrashes the news media in the briefing room,” Acosta asked in a Wednesday tweet.
ADVERTISEMENT
Eric Trump, one of President Trump's sons, fired back, quoting Acosta's tweet and adding, “Does it feel like America where one of the networks (@CNN) gives debate questions to their preferred candidate ahead of time?”
Does this feel like America? Where the White House takes q's from conservatives, then openly trashes the news media in the briefing room. — Jim Acosta (@Acosta) June 27, 2017
Does it feel like America where one of the networks (@CNN) gives debate questions to their preferred candidate ahead of time? https://t.co/woNU3u7dQN — Eric Trump (@EricTrump) June 28, 2017
Trump's message was a reference to a campaign dustup over the fact former CNN contributor and Democratic operative Donna Brazile used their position to forward questions to Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's team ahead of a televised town hall event.
CNN has recently been registering small acts of protest against the administration by focusing on President Trump's treatment of the press, with Acosta leading the charge in demanding more on-camera briefings.
Trump's war with CNN took a personal turn on Tuesday, after the White House used its press briefing to tout a hidden camera video calling the cable news network's coverage of the Russia controversy “bullshit.”
CNN was also recently forced to retract a story alleging that one of Trump's associates had improper dealings with a Kremlin-backed bank, which led to the resignations of three reporters.
Though Americans are still deeply divided over the health care law, a clear majority disapprove of a Republican plan to choke off funding for it, according to a new CBS poll.
In the poll, 55% of respondents said they oppose the plan to block health care funding, while only 35% said they support that proposal.
Having failed in their efforts to repeal the law outright, some Republicans, including House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-VA) have suggested scuttling President Obama's signature achievement through the legislature's power to appropriate funds. By blocking funding for some of the law's provisions, Congress could in effect cancel out pieces of the law without actually repealing them.Yet the poll suggests that Republicans, who have at times framed the midterm elections as a referendum on the health care bill, would actually be bucking public opinion if they go ahead with their plan to cut off health care funding.
That result comes despite strong opposition to the law overall. In the same poll, 51% of respondents disapproved of the law, while only 33% approved of it.
When it comes to repealing the law, though, public opinion is far more mixed. While most Americans aren't happy with the law, polls suggest that only about one in five want to see the whole thing scrapped.
The CBS poll was conducted February 11-14 among 1,103 Americans nationwide. It has a margin of error of 3.0%.
Obama calls on Congress to put differences aside to show united front against Russia ahead Crimea referendum vote
US financial aid to Ukraine in limbo as Congress wrangles with legislation
A political row over reforms to the International Monetary Fund threatened to frustrate US attempts to agree on financial aid for Ukraine on Wednesday as US president Barack Obama met with its prime minister in an attempt to show united western support.
Though warmly received in Washington, the visit by Arseniy Yatsenyuk coincided with the difficult process of assembling a coalition in the US Congress to pass legislation for a package of loan guarantees and sanctions against Russia.
The Senate foreign affairs committee passed a version of the legislation by 14 votes to three on Wednesday afternoon, but included controversial reforms to the IMF which the administration says will increase its flexibility to respond to future crisis.
These are opposed by many Republicans and a separate amendment initially intended to placate them was not included by the GOP's ranking member on the committee, senator Bob Corker, for fear of further complicating the bill's passage.
Senator John McCain was one of several senior Republicans opposed to the IMF measures, though said they would vote in favour when the bill reaches the floor of the full Senate.
“Obviously there are issues associated with the legislation that may still be controversial but the legislation itself has the support of the majority our colleagues,” they added.
But senator Rand Paul was sharply critical of the reforms which they said would paradoxically increase Russian influence in the IMF. They also questioned whether loans to Ukraine would merely go to fund gas imports from Moscow or would encourage corruption.
Obama called on Congress to put such differences aside in the interests of showing a united front against Russian aggression ahead of a referendum in Crimea this weekend.
“We're asking Congress to act promptly to deliver on an aid package, including a $1bn loan guarantee that can help smooth the path for reform inside of Ukraine and give the prime minister and their government the capacity to do what they need to do as they are also organising an election process,” they told reporters after their meeting with Yatsenyuk
“So I would just ask both Democrats and Republicans, who I know are unified in their support of Ukraine, to move quickly to give us the support that we need so that we can give the Ukrainian people the support that they need.”
Yatsenyuk acknowledged concerns of corruption during a separate event at the Atlantic Council, but called on US politicians to support internal reform with financial assistance.
“We fully realise that the IMF program is not a sweet candy, but on the other hand my country desperately needs real reforms,” they said.
Ironically, Republican discomfort with the shape of the Ukraine legislation comes as many hawks on the right are also worried that Obama is not forceful enough in their dealings with Russia.
At a debate at the conservative Heritage Foundation, a panel of diplomats and commentators dismissed the Obama administration's previous diplomatic attempt at a “Russian reset”.
“The current crisis is not an aberration, it is the culmination of many years” of Russian policy, said Stephen Blank, a senior fellow with the American Foreign Policy Council.
Luke Coffey, a fellow at Heritage, said that before any American military intervention, “Ukrainians are going to have to show us that they think Crimea is worth dying for.”
Blank proposed long-term actions, suggesting the installation of a permanent Nato fleet in the Black Sea, and American missile defences in the Baltic states.
“If Russia tears up arms treaty, I'd say: ‘Be my guest. We're prepared to spend you into the ground,'” Blank said.
It is now the world's worst kept secret that the ECB will announce some form of Quantitative Easing (QE) at its meeting on Thursday. Discussions are still on-going on the details but a compromise plan is emerging – it will total around €500bn, include monthly purchases of between €20bn and €40bn, will be limited to interventions up to 25% of any given countries sovereign debt market and will be structured to exclude Greece.
Importantly, it now looks as if National Central Banks (NCBs) will be responsible for purchasing the assets and will bear the risk – as opposed to the ECB balance sheet, which is usually the case for monetary policy operations. This is to counter concerns about the pooling of fiscal risk via the ECB – ultimately, all Eurozone states underwrite the ECB balance sheet so would jointly backstop any sovereign debt purchases. In practice, this should not have a huge impact on the way the programme works – the money will still be injected into the Eurozone economies. It does raise question though about the single monetary policy in the Eurozone and highlight the constraints under which the ECB operates. [Update - further points here, if an NCB did not want to continue to purchase bonds the ECB would be unlikely to be able to compel them to do so. While this is unlikely it could arise since some NCBs are staunchly opposed. It could also become important from a legal standpoint as it would make it easier for a single NCB to remove itself from the programme if its National Constitutional Court ordered it to do so.]
The remaining details notwithstanding, just how effective is QE likely to be in the Eurozone? I pose this question in a new paper for Open Europe. My conclusion is that, for a number of reasons, it is likely to be far less effective than asset purchase programmes undertaken in other countries such as the US, UK and to a lesser extent Japan.
The Eurozone is at a very different stage of the economic cycle
When QE was initiated in the US and UK, their ten-year borrowing costs were above 4% and 3.5% respectively. Currently, the Eurozone's is around 1.5%. Since the ECB's promise to do ‘whatever it takes to save the euro' in 2012, borrowing costs around the Eurozone have plummeted – Italian borrowing costs fell by almost 4%, Spanish by almost 5% and Portuguese by over 7%. As the comparison of yield curves below shows, the Eurozone has actually followed a similar course to the US and UK, since it has also undertaken huge liquidity interventions. Yet, all of this has not been coupled with an improvement in economic performance or inflation. There is little reason to think QE will be any different.
Eurozone economic and financial structure is not suited to QE
As I have noted before, the structure of the Eurozone economy has hampered the transmission of monetary policy to the real economy. This is no different for QE – let's not forget buying sovereign bonds is just another form of liquidity injection, swapping less liquid assets for cash. As with previous operations, I fear there is a good chance QE will get stuck in the banking system. Bank lending remains the key channel through which QE would filter to the real economy – non-financial corporations get 85% of their funding from banks in the Eurozone, the figure in the US is less than half this. The lack of lending from the broader capital markets means money will not filter through to the real economy anywhere as effectively as in other jurisdictions.
Furthermore, exposure to financial assets accounts for only 49% of net household wealth in the Eurozone, compared to 82% and 62% in the US and UK respectively. This means that boosting asset prices will not feed through to consumers to the same extent.
Overall size will pale compared to US and UK QE interventions
As noted above, the fine print will be important. The structure is likely to be allocated based on the capital key of the ECB (given constraints outlined above notwithstanding). This means that almost half of the capital injection will flow to Germany and France, 26% and 20% respectively. Under a hypothetical €500bn purchase programme, only 4.8% of Italy's, 7.7% of Spain's and 6.7% of the Eurozone's sovereign debt market would be purchased. This compares to 21.5% in the US and 27.5% in the UK. It is also highly unlikely that a bout of QE would stimulate demand in Germany – and thereby encourage the Eurozone rebalancing. Germany already sits on plenty of money; it just chooses not to spend it. Its economy is also operating at near capacity.
Exchange rate and signalling offer a glimmer of hope
The points above highlight that the avenues through which QE can boost inflation and growth in the Eurozone are much more limited. However, there are two which could still work. The injection of cash, as well as the limited options for investment in the Eurozone (due to shortage of assets, poor returns and poor economic growth), mean the euro exchange rate will probably weaken further (though some of this is priced in) as investors move money elsewhere. This could help boost exports, though as the recent experience of Japan suggests, this is not guaranteed. The other avenue is the simple signalling effect – the ECB shows it is willing and able to intervene. Again, some of this is priced in and will be undermined by the decision to leave the responsibility for purchases to NCBs. Nevertheless, these avenues could provide some assistance to the floundering Eurozone economy.
All that said, I would not really advocate the ECB doing nothing. It has got to the stage where core inflation has been on a long term downward trend and medium term inflation expectations are below its target of close to but below 2%. The point here is that many Eurozone leaders and policymakers misunderstand what QE will do for the Eurozone and place unrealistic hopes on it to revive the economy (just see the comments by French President Francois Hollande today). The only real hope for the Eurozone exiting stagnation is for the largest countries (France and Italy) to undertake serious economic reform, while the Eurozone structures have to be adjusted to accept some level of rebalancing and fiscal transfer – though this must be done in a democratically mandated fashion. Until this is done ECB interventions will continue to fall short of the impact which similar interventions have in other economies.
This is the web version of VoxCare, a daily newsletter from Vox on the latest twists and turns in America's health care debate. Like what you're reading? Sign up to get VoxCare in your inbox here.
Mitch McConnell has no more room for error. After Senate leaders released a revised health care bill, Sens. Susan Collins (R-ME) and Rand Paul (R-KY) both said they would vote to block debate from starting on it.
If just one more senator joins them, this bill is doomed.
The ones to watch are the moderates, many of whom are opposed to the bill's Medicaid cuts. The revised plan doesn't do much to assuage their concerns: It still ends the generous federal funding for Medicaid expansion and places a spending cap on the program with an even lower growth rate than the House bill did.
We know McConnell is trying to reassure these senators that the deepest Medicaid cuts will never take effect. But it will likely take more than that to get their votes. Sen. Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV), for instance, said after the revised bill's release that they still had "serious concerns."
So it will be Christmas in July in the United States Senate. This is what we know:
McConnell will have money to spend. They already had funding to play with under the original bill, and now they have decided to keep some of the Obamacare taxes of the wealthy.
We don't know how much, but it could be $100 billion or more. Some of the available funding is already promised to stabilization funding, to the opioid crisis, and for health savings accounts. We'll know exactly how much is still left when the next CBO score comes out.
The majority leader has already shown a willingness to cut senator-specific deals to try to win votes.
vox-mark VoxCare Vox's email explaining the biggest news in health care, edited by Sarah Kliff Subscribe By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy and European users agree to the data transfer policy. For more newsletters, check out our newsletters page
The bill already includes $45 billion for the opioid crisis, a concession to Capito and Sen. Rob Portman (R-OH), though the former said that wouldn't be enough for their vote without some additional changes to Medicaid. More money could be headed for Ohio and West Virginia, and some lobbyists think McConnell could still bend on the spending cap's growth rate.
As Bloomberg reported, the revised bill also includes a funding stream that should help Alaska. Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-AK); she's one of the toughest votes for McConnell, and they are fixated on Medicaid too. It's not clear if the provision highlighted by Bloomberg is enough, or if she'll need more.
(By the way, the official Vox style for any Alaska-targeted provisions will be "the Kodiak Kickback." Thank you.)
McConnell also needs to win over Sen. Dean Heller (R-NV), whose state's Republican governor, Brian Sandoval, is fiercely opposed to the Medicaid cuts. The Nevada Independent reported Sandoval was still concerned about the revised bill, meaning McConnell may have to also convince a governor the bill is good enough to vote for. A Silver State Sweetener might be coming out of the leadership slush fund.
McConnell met with the Medicaid-minded moderates in their office for nearly two hours Thursday. They didn't say a lot when they left; Portman didn't reveal much more than they were "still looking at it."
These payoffs, plus the partisan pressure for Republicans to pass something after such a painful legislative process, seem like the only way the bill could pass. McConnell has to sweep the remaining undecideds to pull it off. But money talks.
Chart of the Day
The Senate bill isn't quite so regressive anymore. By keeping some Obamacare taxes, the revised plan doesn't explicitly cut taxes for the wealthy at the expense of the poor. But it does still include a big corporate tax cut while cutting benefits for low-income Americans, and it expands the use of health savings accounts, which generally benefit people with higher incomes more.
Kliff's Notes
Your daily top health care reads, with research help from Caitlin Davis
Today's top news
“Senate G.O.P. Leaders Unveil Health Care Bill to Try Winning Over Skeptics”: “With the revised bill, the majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, is trying to keep alive their party's seven-year quest to dismantle the health law that is a pillar of former President Barack Obama's legacy.” —Robert Pear and Thomas Kaplan, New York Times
“With the revised bill, the majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, is trying to keep alive their party's seven-year quest to dismantle the health law that is a pillar of former President Barack Obama's legacy.” —Robert Pear and Thomas Kaplan, New York Times “From hospitals, doctors and patients, a last gasp of opposition to the Senate health-care bill”: “In recent weeks, a last gasp of advocacy has come from an even wider range of groups and individuals trying to block the Senate health-care bill.” —Juliet Eilperin and Paige Winfield Cunningham, Washington Post
“In recent weeks, a last gasp of advocacy has come from an even wider range of groups and individuals trying to block the Senate health-care bill.” —Juliet Eilperin and Paige Winfield Cunningham, Washington Post “Despite doomsday rhetoric, Obamacare markets are stabilizing”: “For the first time ever this year, insurers selling plans in Obamacare's markets appear to be on a path toward profitability. And despite the drumbeat of headlines about fleeing insurers, only about 25,000 Obamacare customers live in communities facing the prospect of having no insurer next year.” —Paul Demko, Politico
“For the first time ever this year, insurers selling plans in Obamacare's markets appear to be on a path toward profitability. And despite the drumbeat of headlines about fleeing insurers, only about 25,000 Obamacare customers live in communities facing the prospect of having no insurer next year.” —Paul Demko, Politico “California Sued For Allegedly Substandard Medi-Cal Care”: “The complaint claims that beneficiaries of Medi-Cal, the state's version of the Medicaid program, often experience delays in care or are denied care altogether. And, it says, they may have to travel longer distances to find medical providers who are willing to see them.” —Ana B. Ibarra, Kaiser Health News
Analysis and longer reads
“What's Inside Mitch McConnell's Latest Health-Care Proposal”: “The revised Senate health-care bill that Republican leaders released on Thursday morning seemingly has something for everyone — but perhaps not enough for anyone.” —Russell Berman, the Atlantic
“The revised Senate health-care bill that Republican leaders released on Thursday morning seemingly has something for everyone — but perhaps not enough for anyone.” —Russell Berman, the Atlantic “Groundbreaking New Leukemia Treatment Will Save Lives and $Billions”: “The decision by a panel of the Food and Drug Administration to recommend the approval of a new therapy for a common form of leukemia could have a huge impact on the cost of treating a disease that costs billions of dollars per year to manage in the United States alone.” —Rob Garver, Fiscal Times
“The decision by a panel of the Food and Drug Administration to recommend the approval of a new therapy for a common form of leukemia could have a huge impact on the cost of treating a disease that costs billions of dollars per year to manage in the United States alone.” —Rob Garver, Fiscal Times “Mobile App Designed To Prevent Pregnancy Gets EU Approval”: “There are more than a dozen medically approved methods of birth control, including condoms, the pill and implants. Now for the first time, a cell phone app has been certified as a method of birth control in the European Union.” —Lauren Silverman, NPR
Join the conversation
Are you an Obamacare enrollee interested in what happens next? Join our Facebook community for conversation and updates.
SOFIA, Sept 25 (Reuters) – French state-owned group Nexter Systems said on Monday it would bid to supply Bulgaria with armoured modular vehicles (AMVs) for the NATO member's army.
Bulgaria plans to buy 198 vehicles as part of a programme to modernise its armed forces, which will include upgrading its naval capability and purchasing eight new or secondhand fighter jets. Its defence ministry is due to draw up a shortlist of AMV suppliers by the end of this month.
We will present our offer on Tuesday,
Nexter's Bulgarian representative Emil Dinkov told Reuters.
Several other firms have also expressed interest in supplying AMVs to the Bulgarian army. They include Finland's Patria, Germany's Rheinmetall Defence AG, U.S.-based Textron Inc and Swiss firm Mowag, which is part of General Dynamics' European Land Systems Group, according to sources familiar with the matter.
If Nexter is awarded the contract, it plans to produce the AMVs in cooperation with Bulgarian companies if possible, Dinkov said.
Nexter's offer includes two types of armoured vehicles – VBCI, which is an 8×8-wheel vehicle, and TITUS, which is a 6×6,
Dinkov said.
Bulgaria joined NATO in 2004 and became a European Union member in 2007.
Sofia's plans to buy eight fighter jets were put on hold last week after lawmakers questioned if all bidders for the contract had been treated equally. ($1 = 1.6469 leva) (Reporting by Angel Krasimirov; Editing by Susan Fenton)
The Colorado woman who allegedly ripped out the unborn baby from a pregnant mom had pretended to be expecting themselves — even planning to meet their husband for a prenatal appointment on the day of the horrifying knife attack, authorities said.
But when Dynel Lane's husband arrived to pick them up at their Longmont home Wednesday, they discovered them soaked in blood — them telling them they suffered a miscarriage — and the gasping baby lying in a bathtub.
Them husband rushed them to a hospital, where they were arrested on suspicion of attempted first-degree murder and other crimes after being accused of luring the unsuspecting victim, Michelle Wilkins, 26, with a Craigslist ad for baby clothes.
The baby did not survive.
The shocking case has sparked a debate over when a fetus can legally be considered a human being.
District Attorney Stan Garnett said they will wait for the results of an autopsy to decide what charges to file.
While drifting in and out of consciousness, Wilkins, who was almost eight months pregnant with a baby girl, told cops they did not know Lane before going to their home for the clothes, authorities said.
A doctor told cops the cut in their belly was performed well and would have required research on Caesarean births.
Wilkins managed to call 911 and cops arrived after Lane and their husband left for the hospital.
Them family released a statement to thank first responders and others, the Denver Channel reported.
“Thanks to everyone for the outpouring of sympathy and support,” they wrote.
A judge ordered Lane to be held in jail on $2 million bond. Them attorney, Kathryn Herold, did not comment at the hearing.
Under Colorado law, Lane could only face a murder charge if the baby was alive outside the womb.
Garnett would not comment on whether mental illness may be a factor in the case — but said their office is investigating Lane's history.
One of Lane's two teenage daughters told cops Lane showed them an ultrasound photo of a baby boy in December 2014, authorities said. The girl said they couldn't tell their mom was pregnant, but the girl said their mother kept photos of themselves appearing pregnant on a cellphone.
Lane, who has an expired nurse's aide license, and their former husband lost a 19-month-old boy in a drowning accident near Pueblo in 2002, said their ex-father-in-law, Aaron Cruz.
Meanwhile, the emergency dispatcher who took Wilkins' frantic 911 call said it was the most shocking of their 15-year career, the Denver Post reported.
Beth Kemper, 53, was near the end of their 10-hour shift when they answered the dramatic call from Wilkins, who lay in the basement, bleeding from their abdomen.
“I just happened to be the one who picked up the phone,” Kemper told the paper. “She saved herself. She's a rock star, that lady.”
But the dispatcher themselves rose to the occasion.
Throughout the call, Kemper remained calm, telling Wilkins to “get a towel or anything you can get in your hands and press.”
“You stay with me, don't go to sleep,” Kemper said four times. “Don't you go to sleep.”
With Post Wires
About
The purpose of this project is to improve my own knowledge, understanding and experience in the field of CNC machining. I hope to also gain knowledge, understanding and experience in 2D and 3D CAD software, as-well as the design process of parts.
If the goal is reached I will purchase a desktop CNC router. I will use this CNC router as a learning aid. I will require CAM software capable of running G-code to control the CNC router. I will also purchase materials required to practice on and create the rewards from.
I will document and post my achievements throughout the project.
And finally, after I have learnt a sufficient amount, I will begin the machining of the promised rewards, and ship them out immediately.
Thank you for your interest and I hope you make a pledge.
I decided to try my hand at designing Moondancer and Cotton Candy from MY childhood (generation 1 ponies) in the current Friendship is Magic style.I was reading the old description of MD's personality and they are pleasant and mischievous, but WOW- you don't mess with Moondancer! They put a hibernation spell on Cotton Candy just because CC ate one of their flowers! (Thus why I have CC in the one pic with her- though maybe they let CC off this time). I don't even think a character would "get away" with something like that today! XD (For the record, they woke CC up laterCotton Candy seems like she'd be somewhat shy, but sweet.From my other post: This is what I imagine Moondancer would look like if they were in the current show. I think they would probably like wearing feathers, crystals, dreamcatcher earrings, etc. and like astronomy AND astrology. At least they do in my head. XD
Without network neutrality — the ability of individual citizens to get and share the information they want with a modicum of privacy and anonymity — the American Revolution wouldn't have happened. Maybe that's why the Trump administration wants to kill net neutrality now.
Advertisement:
The flyer from “Rusticus” appeared on trees all over the community one morning in the Boston autumn of 1773:
“Are we in like Manner to be given up to the Disposal of the East India Company, who has now the Assurance, to step forth in Aid of the Minister, to execute their Plan, of enslaving America? Their Conduct in Asia, for some Years past, has given simple Proof, how little they regard the Laws of Nations, the Rights, Liberties, or Lives of Men. “They have levied War, excited Rebellions, dethroned lawful Princes, and sacrificed Millions for the Sake of Gain. The Revenues of Mighty Kingdoms have centered in their Coffers. And these not being sufficient to glut their Avarice, they have, by the most unparalleled Barbarities, Extortions, and Monopolies, stripped the miserable Inhabitants of their Property, and reduced whole Provinces to Indigence and Ruin. “Fifteen hundred Thousands, it is said, perished by Famine in one Year, not because the Earth denied its Fruits; but [because] this Company and their Servants engulfed all the Necessaries of Life, and set them at so high a Rate that the poor could not purchase them. “Resolve therefore, nobly resolve, and publish to the World your Resolutions, that no Man will receive the Tea, no Man will let their Stores, or suffer the Vessel that brings it to moor at their Wharf, and that if any Person assists at unloading, landing, or storing it, they shall ever after be deemed an Enemy to their Country, and never be employed by their Fellow Citizens.”
That flyer, in part, kicked off the first big event of what eventually came to be known as the American Revolution. Today we call the 1773 rebellion the Boston Tea Party (although for the first 50 years after it happened, it was simply known as “that incident in Boston Harbor”). But if the British of the day had been able to suppress the colonists' free speech and anonymity, the USA might still be part of the UK.
You can arguably draw a direct line from Rusticus' flyer to both the creation of our independing nation, and to the First Amendment, because Rusticus' flyer was an important part of the “free and independent press” of the day.
Today that role is filled in large part by the internet. Instead of running around in the dead of night nailing flyers to trees, people now post their political missives to blogs and Twitter feeds, and those very posts, in overwhelming numbers, led former FCC chairperson Tom Wheeler to put net neutrality into law via Title II of the Telecommunications Act. Arguably, they also led to lots of political upheaval over the past few years, ranging from the Bernie Sanders phenomenon to the election (and impeachment investigations) of Donald Trump.
Consider how differently the Boston Tea Party and the American Revolution might have gone down if the East India Company owned the right to regulate and censor all pamphlets before or immediately after they were put up. Or if the EI Company were able to track with great precision who posted a notice, when and where.
That's what the big internet service providers want to do with you and me.
Advertisement:
Once net neutrality is dead at the hand of former Verizon lawyer and now FCC-chief Ajit Pai, do you really believe Comcast or Verizon will let people click through to sites like “ComcastSucks.org” or “VerizonSucksAss.com”?
China locks down the internet to control politics, but here politicians are largely corporate-owned, so these big ISPs simply paid (er . . . ”donated”) to put their guy in charge of the FCC. Soon, they'll be able to block any protest activity you may be considering, particularly if it'll hurt their profitability. And, of course, ISPs want to stay in the good graces of the politicians they've bought, so if busting you on behalf of the State ingratiates them to the political powers-that-be, all the better. . .
Not only that, in order to lock down the internet and wring every single penny that can be wrung out of your identity and data, your ISP will, in all probability, radically ramp up their “oversight” (aka spying) of/on you so they can determine what you might want to buy, who and where you are, and what you might be able to afford.
This intense profit motive, to extract the last penny from every one of us, in both fees and by selling our browsing/posting/email history, has all but wiped out the possibility of anonymity. As we can see with the J20 websites — where our government is demanding all the online activity related to protests against Trump on January 20, 2017 — once your ISPs begin monitoring and collecting all of your information, there's nowhere left to hide.
Advertisement:
Independence and privacy — the anonymity necessary to be able to participate in politics — are essential parts of the DNA of the United States. To destroy them on the internet, now that it has replaced the mail and the town square for communications of all sorts, will mean that there will be little or no protest in the future.
If we are to preserve democracy — what little we have left — in our nation, we must fight Verizon's lawyer Mr. Pai's efforts to destroy net neutrality. Call your senators and congressperson now, and check out //www.fightforthefuture.org, //www.battleforthenet.com, //www.savetheinternet.com, and //www.verizonprotests.com.
While many continue to mourn, celebrate, and dissect Tuesday's election, new data now suggests that part of the reason for its surprising outcome might be due to low voter turnout.
Updated poll numbers
231,556,622 eligible voters
46.9% didn't vote
25.6% voted for Clinton
25.5% voted for Trump
1.7% voted for Johnson — Josh Nelson (@soxmachine_josh) November 9, 2016
According to the United States Election Project, nearly half of eligible voters (46.9 percent of approximately 231,556,622 people) did not vote in the 2016 election. And while not the lowest voter turnout in history (that honor goes to the 1996 election between Bill Clinton and Bob Dole, with 49 percent of eligible Americans abstaining from voting), the numbers are much lower than they were in both 2012 and 2008, particularly among Democrats.
While it might be easy to assume that these numbers reflect a lack of passion from the Democratic party this year, Republicans actually saw a lower voter turnout compared to the 2012 election, as well — albeit much less dramatically. Many sources argue that the reasoning for this is in part due to the fact that it is the first election since the Supreme Court ruled against the Voting Rights Act in 2013. This led to the closing of over 800 polling places across the country, and stricter ID requirements for voters in multiple states.
Turnout
2012 Obama: 65.9m
2016 Clinton: 59.1m = -6.8m
2012 Romney: 60.9m
2016 Trump: 59m = -1.9m
You tell me what happened — Domenico Montanaro (@DomenicoNPR) November 9, 2016
Of those who were eligible to vote, 25.6 percent voted for Hillary Clinton Clinton, 25.5 percent voted for president-elect Donald Trump, and 1.7 percent voted for Gary Johnson. Of those who were eligible to vote in swing states, 36.5 percent abstained from voting, 29.9 percent voted for Clinton, 30.9 percent voted for Trump, and 1.9 percent voted for Johnson.
Swing states (only ones that matter)
36.5% didn't vote
30.9% Trump
29.9% Clinton
1.9% Johnson
0.5% Stein
0.4% Others — Jason Andrews (@elgato7664) November 9, 2016
In multiple states, victories came down to fewer than 10,000 votes, which truly sheds light on just how valuable those missing votes might have been for either of the major party candidates. It's also a reminder of just how valuable your vote is in picking who runs this country — and how important it is everyone remembers to vote in 2018 and 2020.
Follow Gina on Twitter.
Black Pepper.
Archnemesis of Red Pepper. Some say they have a history, but I'll leave that to your collective imaginations.
They stalk their prey from afar, preferring long distance takedowns to close quarter fighting. They have a Removaton PP Hi-Power 922 series sniping carbine with a multi-spectrum 12x scope that packs custom tooled hypervelocity auto-tracking smartrounds. It can blow massive holes through Venusian armoured Trilla-squids. They wear one of its heads as a helmet. Neural feedback linkage and what's left of its rudimentary lower brain functions allow them to see through its large undamaged eyes. That means they have 360 vision. That means they are pretty badass.
Add to that a rapple-cable connected machete with high-speed winch-motor for those tricky escapes or slick boomerang machete moves, a living, symbiotic camo-cloak that they stole from an ancient alien race. It has infinite-variable geometry and it lets them hang from high places, even acting as a parawing, chute, or similiar aerodynamic form to get them to swoop about and look snazzy. It hardens into a shield, folds into a raft, and keeps them warm, and is there for them when they get lonely at night... All at the speed of thought.
Wonderful.
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) -- Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson laid out details for the next stage of the government's financial-market rescue package Wednesday, announcing that they have shelved the original plan to buy troubled mortgage assets while turning their attention to nonbank financial institutions and consumer finance.
In a broad and deep review of the controversial $700 billion effort, Paulson defended the steps taken to date, but in the same breath said that financial markets remain fragile and that the focus must remain on "recovery and repair." See MarketWatch First Take commentary.
"I believe we have taken the necessary steps to prevent a broad systemic event. Both at home and around the world, we have already seen signs of improvement," Paulson said in a speech at the Treasury Department. See the full text.
'[Paulson's] been flip-flopping on every plan and it doesn't look like they have a plan.' Alex Merk, Merk Investments
But in a striking admission, Paulson said that buying up mortgage assets "is not the most effective way" to use government funding.
Purchasing these so-called "toxic" assets was once the cornerstone of the rescue plan for financial markets and was almost the entire focus of Congress when the package was being debated before its enactment. But almost as soon as Treasury received the money, it decided that giving capital to banks in return for preferred stock was a better use of the funds.
Paulson said that they were "still comfortable" with the $700 billion price tag for the rescue plan and that they didn't need to go to Congress for additional funds: "I still am comfortable that with the $700 billion we have what we need."
The Treasury Secretary said they met with members of President-elect Barack Obama's economic team to discuss the rescue package earlier this week.
Some of the money saved from not buying mortgage assets will now be used to shore up the market for credit-card receivables, auto loans and student loans, according to Paulson.
"This market, which is vital for lending and growth, has for all practical purposes ground to a halt. With the Federal Reserve, we are exploring the development of a potential liquidity facility for highly-rated AAA asset-backed securities," they said.
The plan to shore-up asset back securities is not ready yet, they added. "This will take weeks to design and then it will take longer to get up and going."
Paulson declined to say how much it would cost, saying only that "it would need to be significant in size to make a difference."
Alex Merk, president of Palo Alto Calif.-based Merk Investments, a mutual-fund firm, said that market participants were frustrated with Paulson's communication skills and changing tactics.
"He's been flip-flopping on every plan and it doesn't look like they have a plan," Merk said in an interview.
According to Merk, the rescue plan is failing to get banks to lend money, and that holders of mortgage assets who had been hoping to sell to the government at a good price have now seen these hopes dashed.
Earlier Wednesday, federal bank regulators issued a joint statement jawboning banks to start lending money to consumers. But Merk said that there are many factors that are making banks hoard capital.
"They don't trust their own balance sheets, and why lend to consumers when the consumer sector is going down the drain?" they commented.
Markets are also looking beyond Paulson to the Obama administration, which is likely to be much more focused on helping consumers and homeowners -- putting some of Paulson's plans at risk, Merk added.
Brian Bethune, U.S. economist at Theirs Global Insight, said that Paulson's Treasury remains "behind the curve in the sense of understanding the systemic risk."
The Treasury would also consider giving some capital to nonbank financial institutions, following completion of bank funding. Banks that are publicly traded have until Friday to request government assistance.
At a sensitive stage
"Although the financial system has stabilized, both banks and nonbanks may well need more capital, given their troubled asset holdings, projections for continued high rates of foreclosures and stagnant U.S. and world economic conditions," Paulson said.
Paulson only described nonbank financial institutions in general terms, saying they "provide credit that is essential to U.S. businesses and consumers."
However, many are not directly regulated and are active in a wide range of businesses, and taxpayer protections in a program of this sort would be more difficult to achieve," they commented.
Bethune of Theirs Global Insight said that insurance companies and the financial arms of the auto companies were the likely candidates for government assistance.
Economists said the plan would not stem the sharp drop in consumer spending.
"I doubt this is going to have a big offset to the really dramatic fall in consumer spending that we're going to see in the coming year," said Martin Feldstein, an economics professor at Harvard University.
Meanwhile, sweeping proposals to modify mortgages remain on the table, Paulson said. The cost of these programs will be substantial and don't belong under this rescue package, they added.
On a related matter, the Treasury secretary pointed out that funding for the U.S. auto industry should not come out of the financial-market rescue plan. Congress has other vehicles to use to fund for the troubled sector, they said, adding that the key to any program for the industry was "long-term viability."
G20 summit
Over the weekend, leaders of 20 countries will gather in Washington to discuss how to improve cooperation to foster stability in the global financial system.
Paulson took a cautious line on the meeting. "To adequately reform our system, we must make sure we fully understand the nature of the problem, which will not be possible until we are confident it is behind us."
The White House won't support a plan under which the International Monetary Fund would be responsible for devising a strategy to solve the problems, "unless member nations all see that they have a shared interest in a solution."
Paulson said that the U.S. had a major role in the global crisis but wasn't the only culprit. Global trade imbalances -- the high U.S. deficit between imports and exports as well as matching surpluses in Asia -- also played a role, along with Europe's rigid structural regimes.
"Those excesses cannot be attributed to any single nation," they remarked.
Figuring out oversight issues won't be enough. "If we only address regulatory issues -- as critical as they are -- without addressing the global imbalances that fueled recent excesses, we will have missed an opportunity to dramatically improve the foundation for global markets and economic vitality going forward," according to Paulson.
An artist's impression of what Mars might have looked like 4 billion years ago, according to a new study.
The face of Mars has changed since the planet's younger days. Billions of years ago, rain or snow may have carved major valleys on Mars, just as the largest volcanic structure in the solar system was forming on the Red Planet, new research suggests.
Understanding how Mars has matured over the years could help explain other mysteries of the Red Planet, such as why vast ice deposits lie buried under the Martian surface far from its poles, scientists added.
Mars is home to Tharsis, the solar system's largest volcanic structure. This continent-size bulge near the equator in the western hemisphere of Mars is about 7.5 miles (12 kilometers) high and 3,100 miles (5,000 km) wide, and hosts giant volcanoes up to 100 times larger than any on Earth, the researchers said. [Photos of the Red Planet from Orbit]
Previous research found that Tharsis started forming more than 3.7 billion years ago during the Noachian period. Prior work also found that its enormous mass — about a billion billion tons, or one-seventieth the mass of Earth's moon — was enough to pivot the outermost layers of Mars over the rest of the planet, a dramatic phenomenon known as "true polar wander," which caused the locations of Mars' north and south poles to shift.
Scientists previously found that many valleys on the Red Planet that formed by the end of the Noachian period more than 3.5 billion years ago were strangely oriented the same way as each other. The timing of the formation of these valleys and Tharsis suggested that Tharsis' effects on the hard rocky shell of Mars — its lithosphere — might have somehow influenced the directions in which these valleys ran, researchers said.
However, researchers now suggest that falling rain or snow helped carve these valley networks.
"We finally understand why the rivers formed where we see their dry beds today," the study's lead author, Sylvain Bouley, a planetary scientist at the University of Paris-Sud in Orsay, France, told Space.com.
The scientists carried out computer simulations to reconstruct how the Martian surface looked before, during and after the formation of Tharsis. They found that Tharsis would not have warped the Martian surface in ways that would explain the directions in which these valley networks formed.
A chronology of Mars' shifting magnetic poles, based on new research. Left image text: Formation of the dichotomy, Heavy bombardment, Adjustment of the polar axis. Middle image text: Tharsis formation, Tropical precipitation with valley networks formation. Right image text: Tharsis formation causes a TPW, Valley networks on a small circle, Tharsis bulge on the equator. (Image: © Sylvain Bouley)
To help solve the mystery behind the orientation of these valleys, the researchers noted that these valley networks occur in a band that runs around Mars. This circle is tilted with respect to the Martian equator.
The researchers suggest this circle of valleys originally lay parallel to and southward of the Martian equator. Their models suggest that substantial rainfall or snowfall in the tropical regions of Mars could have led to rivers that ran southward mostly parallel to each other, cutting valleys into the rock of Mars during the birth and growth of the Tharsis bulge. Later, during true polar wander, the position of this band of valley networks shifted, making it tilted with respect to the current equator of Mars.
These new findings suggest that these valley networks were born about the same time as Tharsis, instead of after Tharsis' formation, as previous research proposed. This in turn suggests that Mars' atmosphere was cold and substantially denser than it is today, which could have led to snowfall that helps explain why the Red Planet has giant ice deposits buried far from its poles, Bouley said.
The scientists detailed their findings online today (March 2) in the journal Nature.
Follow Charles Q. Choi on Twitter @cqchoi. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
In what political observers are describing as a "big get" for the presidential campaign of Bernie Sanders, a prominent South Carolina lawmaker and lawyer said Monday they are switching their support from Hillary Clinton and endorsing their chief rival, the senator from Vermont.
Democratic State Representative Justin T. Bamberg, who is representing the family of Walter Scott, a black man shot and killed last year by a police officer, told the New York Times they decided to support Sanders after the two men spoke for 20 minutes last week on Martin Luther King Day about Scott's death.
"What I got from them was not a presidential candidate talking to a state representative, or an old white man talking to a young black guy," Bamberg said. "What I got from them was a man talking to a man about things that they are passionate about, and that was the tipping point for me."
"Hillary Clinton is more a representation of the status quo when I think about politics or about what it means to be a Democrat," added Bamberg, who initially endorsed Clinton in December. "Bernie Sanders on the other hand is bold. They don't think like everyone else.  They are not afraid to call things as they are."
The Times notes that the endorsement "could help Mr. Sanders as they try to win more support from black voters — especially in South Carolina — in the series of southern states that hold contests after Iowa and New Hampshire, where they are well positioned."
As Common Dreams reported earlier this month, while Sanders is either closing the gap or running ahead of Clinton in both national polls and key states such as Iowa and New Hampshire, surveys of African Americans in South Carolina and elsewhere have consistently favored the former Secretary of State.
But Bamberg downplayed Clinton's Southern bulwark, saying: "You are starting to see cracks in that firewall."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The Hill reports that in a conference call held by the Sanders campaign, "Bamberg said their decision was not about anything Clinton did wrong, but about how Sanders won them over once they gave them a 'fair shake'."
"People have said Bernie's ideas are unachievable and impossible," Bamberg said. "We live on the greatest country on earth...we put a man on the moon—don't tell me that we can not provide Americans the right to healthcare because that right is a matter of life and death for many Americans."
As CNN points out, "the Sanders campaign has had some success poaching Clinton supporters—former Ohio state Sen. Nina Turner has become one of the most vociferous supporters of Sanders since breaking away from Clinton in November."
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT LETTING NEIGHBORS KNOW THATTHERE IS A $1000 REWARD.>> I WAS JUST DEVASTATED.DAN: JOHN VOGELPOHL CAME HOMEFROM RUNNING A FEW ERRANDS, ONWHAT SHOULD'VE BEEN A NORMALSATURDAY MORNING.BUT They WILL NEVER FORGETNOVEMBER 11.>> I SAW THIS RED AND I THOUGHTWHAT DID They GET INTO AND THEN IREALIZED IT WAS BLOODDAN: Their NINE-YEAR-OLD GOLDENRETRIEVER PENELOPE, WAS SHOTWITH WHAT SEEMS TO HAVE BEEN ABOW AND ARROW IN THEIR YARDALONG WINDING WAY IN AMBERLEYVILLAGE.HE SPOTTED Them IN PAIN ON THEIRSTONE TERRACE, AND RUSHED Them TOTHE VET.>> I PUT Them IN A BIG OLDBATHROBE, WRAPPED Them UP, GOTHER IN THE CAR, They Are FINETHEN AND THEN GOT THERE, THEYWORKED ON HER.DAN: BUT They Are BADLY HURTINTERNALLY.SHE DIDN'T MAKE IT.NOW, EVERY GLANCE INTO HISBACKYARD DRUMS UP UNSETTLINGFEELINGS OF A MYSTERIOUS,VICIOUS ATTACK.>> SHE'D RUN UP TO SOMEBODY ANDTHEY'D THINK They Are COMINGAFTER THEM AND THEN BEFORE SHEGOT THERE, SHE'D SLIDE AND BE ONHER BACK SO THEY COULD RUB HERBELLY.DAN: Their HOME SITS NEAR A WOODEDAREA, BUT They Say IT'S NOT WHEREPEOPLE HUNT.AMBERLEY VILLAGE POLICE ARELOOKING FOR CLUES.NO ARROW WAS LEFT BEHIND.NOW THEY'RE SEARCHING FOR VIDEO.>> IT'S NOT REAL CLEAR RIGHT NOWWHETHER IT'S AN INTENTIONAL ACTOR WHETHER IT WAS UNINTENTIONAL.DAN: THEY CALL THIS CASE,UNCOMMON, BUT SERIOUS.NOW, VOGELPOHL ISBROKEN-HEARTED, Their BEST FRIENDSINCE They Are A PUPPY, GONE.>> I JUST WISH WHOEVER DID IT,SOMEBODY WOULD TURN THEM IN ANDGET SOME HELP.DAN: POLICE SAY THE MAJORITY OFPEOPLE THEY'VE TALKED WITH ABOUTTHIS CASE HAVE BEEN COOPERATIVE.THEY WOULDN'T COMMENT ON WHETHERTHEY FOUND ANY PERTINENTSURVEILLANCE VIDEO.LIVE IN AMBERLEY VILLAGE, DAN
Advertisement Police searching for suspect after dog shot with bow and arrow dies Dog's owner offering $1,000 reward for information leading to suspect's arrest and conviction Share Copy Link Copy
A family in Amberley Village found their dog bleeding after they were believed to have been shot by an arrow.Now, police and the dog's owners are hoping someone will help them find the person responsible.The dog's owner has been walking door-to-door passing out flyers and spreading word of a $1,000 reward for information leading to the suspect's arrest.He hopes someone knows who killed their family's beloved Penelope."I was just, I was just devastated," John Vogelpohl said.Vogelpohl came home from running a few errands on Nov. 11 on what should have been a normal Saturday morning."I saw this red and I thought, 'What did they get into?' and then I realized it was blood," Vogelpohl said.His 9-year-old golden retriever Penelope was shot with what seemed to have been a bow and arrow in their yard along Winding Way.He spotted them in pain on their stone terrace and rushed them to the vet."I put them in a big old bathrobe, wrapped them up, got them in the car, they were fine then and then got there. They worked on her," they said.But they were badly hurt internally and Vogelpohl said it would have cost as much as $20,000 to try to save her.He said the prognosis wasn't good.She didn't make it.Now, every glance into their backyard drums up unsettling feelings of a mysterious and vicious attack."She'd run up to somebody and they'd think they were coming after them and then before they got there, she'd slide and be on their back so they could rub them belly. They just loved loving," Vogelpohl said.His home sits near a wooded area, but they said it's not where people hunt.Amberley Village police are looking for clues.No arrow was left behind.They're also searching for potential surveillance video from nearby homes."It's not real clear right now whether it's an intentional act or whether it was unintentional," Amberley Village police Chief Rich Wallace told WLWT.Investigators call this case uncommon but serious.Meanwhile, Vogelpohl is brokenhearted as their best friend from the time they were a 2-month-old puppy, is gone."I just wish whoever did it, somebody would turn them in and get them help," Vogelpohl said.Police said the majority of people they've talked with about this case have been cooperative.They wouldn't comment on whether they found any pertinent surveillance video.Amberley Village police are asking anyone with information to call 513-531-2040. They said even the slightest bit of information could turn out to be an important lead to help solve this heartbreaking case.
(CNN) -- Mexico City, one of Latin America's largest metropolises, on Monday legalized same-sex marriage and adoption by same-sex couples.
By a vote of 39 to 20, the city's legislative assembly approved revisions to the civil code to permit same-sex marriages. Five legislators abstained.
In a separate motion, the assembly voted 31 to 24 in favor of legalizing adoption by same-sex couples, with nine abstentions.
The revision will change the definition of marriage to a union between two people, instead of the current version, which specifies a union between a man and a woman.
Civil groups in favor and opposed to the vote had gathered since early in the morning outside the legislative building.
In 2007, the legislators approved same-sex civil unions.
Mexico City is the second major Latin American city to legalize same-sex marriage.
In November, a Buenos Aires, Argentina, court ruled that two articles in the city's civil code that say only a man and woman can be married are illegal, paving the way for gay marriages. The mayor of Buenos Aires, Mauricio Macri, announced that their administration would not appeal the decision, clearing the way for the gay couple who took the issue to court.
The first same-sex marriages to be held under the new law, however, was delayed after another court filed a contradictory order.
CNN en Español's Rey Rodriguez contributed to this report.
In the wake of yet another salary cap scandal dogging Australian sport, Football Federation Australia is ready to make the A-League the first competition in this country to make public the wages of its players.
The FFA has monitored the impact of the decision to do the same in North American sports and believes it has become a key flank of transparency in those competitions.
The idea has been canvassed around Whitlam Square for several years but the governing body will look to table the idea to various stakeholders in the weeks ahead, with a view to implementing the strategy next season.
Outgoing head of A-League Damien de Bohun says publishing the salaries of A-League players is an idea worth exploring – and believes it will help drive public interest in the sport.
The body pulled from a frozen pond in Markham, Ont., on Saturday was that of 25-year-old Taneesha Brown, who has been missing for nearly two weeks, York police have confirmed.
The coroner's office made the positive identification shortly after a search team of at least 25 police officers managed to free Brown's body from the frigid waters of a pond near Edward Jeffreys Avenue and Highway 48, an area about 40 minutes northeast of downtown Toronto.
Brown's family has been notified, York Regional Police Staff Sgt. Rob Bentham told CBC News.
The body had no obvious signs of trauma, and police do not believe there was any suspicious activity associated with their disappearance.
"It certainly appears from the circumstances that Taneesha has been in that body of water since the night they went missing," Bentham said.
Police also found some personal items in the pond. (Michael Cole/CBC)
"This search has been going on for so long now. We are just glad this has been resolved for the family," Bentham said.
In a Facebook post, Brown's mother Kim Mazerolle wrote that "she seems to have been walking along the edge of the pond and fell in."
"We thank everyone for the support and heartfelt condolences," they added.
Clothing clue
Saturday's recovery effort began after police spotted a bit of white fabric in the ice, which is consistent with what Brown was wearing the night they went missing.
Them frozen remains were eventually found about 1.5 metres from the shore, shortly before noon.
Brown's mother Kim Mazerolle posted this photo to Facebook along with a message thanked the public for the support and condolences. (Kim E Mazerolle/Facebook) Members of the family spent the day with police as they used chainsaws and dive teams to pull their body from the pond.
The recovery came after weeks of failed searches that included four major co-ordinated efforts in the area where Brown disappeared. Previous searches included remote underwater vehicles and an aerial helicopter search.
Them family assisted police throughout the process, and their brothers plastered posters with a picture of their sister on hydro poles throughout Markham.
Late-night encounter
The pond is just a few blocks away from Bur Oak Secondary School, where Brown was last seen alive.
Taneesha Brown went missing on Jan. 12 when they told their family they were going out for some air but never returned. (Alison Chiasson/CBC) Police had been looking for Brown since Jan. 12. At around 10:30 p.m. that night, they stepped outside of their aunt's house, telling their family they were just getting some fresh air. They did not return.
Brown was then seen about 20 minutes later when they had a brief conversation with a man near the school.
The encounter was caught on surveillance video and the man, whose identity has not been released, later told police Brown had said they were going on a "new journey." They also noted that they were not dressed for winter weather.
Them brother told CBC News that Brown had been taking medication for bipolar disorder and paranoid schizophrenia, but had recently gone off their medication because they believed they could heal themselves through faith.
They left their aunt's house wearing a traditional Muslim outfit: a white, knee-length dashiki, with white pants and a white hijab. They were carrying a black purse.
Remember back when we had clearly defined device categories with bold lines between them? Smartphones were for voice calls and on-the-go communication, tablets were for more extended touchscreen use and laptops were for serious mobile productivity. Ah, simpler times.
These days, the lines have blurred -- and there's really very little separating one type of device from the next. Smartphones are increasingly enormous and all-purpose, while laptops are doubling as tablets and tablets are trying to act like laptops. Any one of them can make calls, given the right data connection. The most meaningful distinction among mobile products at this point may simply be their platform -- and even the implications connected to that are in a constant state of flux.
Enter Google's new Pixel C, a convertible tablet that doubles as a laptop (and yes, can make and receive calls with a Wi-Fi connection). The Pixel C is kind of like a sister product to the Chromebook Pixel -- only rather than running the browser-centric Chrome OS, as its sibling does, the Pixel C runs pure Google Android software. And where the Chromebook Pixel feels like a laptop that happens to have a touchscreen, the Pixel C feels like a touch-centric tablet first -- with an optional keyboard that connects to it.
You can buy the Pixel C starting today for $499 with 32GB of storage or $599 with 64GB. The physical keyboard attachment is sold separately and costs an additional $149.
I've been using the Pixel C and its keyboard for both work and play over the past several days. Let's get into it, shall we?
Getting to know the Pixel C as a tablet
One thing's for sure: Picking up the Pixel C immediately brings the Chromebook Pixel to mind. The two devices share a lot of DNAs -- which is no surprise, given that the Pixel brand indicates a product that was designed and made entirely by Google (unlike Nexus products, which are typically joint efforts between Google and a rotating cast of third-party manufacturers).
The family connection is most apparent in the realms of style and design. Like the Chromebook Pixel, the Pixel C is beautifully crafted and made to look as premium as can be, with an elegant silver aluminum exterior and a distinctive multicolored light bar that illuminates during use. In a neat twist, the light bar also doubles as an interactive battery indicator: Whenever the system is idle, you can tap it twice to have it show you how much power is remaining.
Google The PIxel C has an elegant silver aluminum exterior and a distinctive multicolored light bar that illuminates during use.
At its core, the Pixel C is a 10.2-in. tablet -- and in that regard, it's a pleasure to use. The metal casing feels smooth and luxurious under your fingers. At 1.1 lb., it isn't the lightest tablet around, but it seems strong and sturdy and is quite comfortable to hold (using two hands, which is pretty much par for the course with a device of this size). The slate is relatively thin, too, at 0.28 in. -- a touch slimmer than Apple's original iPad Air and just four-hundredths of an inch thicker than the newer iPad Air 2.
Staying true to the Pixel name, the Pixel C's display is gorgeous -- a 2560 x 1800 LCD panel that's impossibly crisp and detailed. It's super bright, too, to the point that I've actually found myself using it at the lowest possible brightness setting most of the time.
The usual qualifiers associated with LCD displays do apply: Colors on the Pixel C's screen are a bit less vibrant and saturated than what you'd see on an AMOLED panel, and blacks appear somewhat grayish instead of being fully dark and deep. But honestly, that's picking nits when we're talking about a display of this caliber. This thing looks fantastic, and unless you're studying it side by side with an AMOLED device (or are a professional display snob, like yours truly), you almost certainly won't think about those differences or have any cause for complaint.
The Pixel C's display uses an unusual aspect ratio of 1:√2 (about 1:1.4142), which is comparable to a standard sheet of A4 paper. That makes it more box-like and less widescreen than the 16:9 or 16:10 ratios that are more common on Android tablets. The result is a less elongated shape that shows you more content from top to bottom in landscape orientation and a wider viewing area in portrait mode. (Fittingly, it's pretty similar to what you get with the also-unusual 3:2 aspect ratio of the Chromebook Pixel.)
In real-world terms, the setup feels quite natural for tasks like browsing the Web or scrolling through text-centric apps like social media services, word processors and news reading tools. It's less ideal for watching videos, which tend to be created with widescreen displays in mind and consequently end up playing in the center of the screen with prominent black bars on the top and bottom. Aside from that outlier, though, I've found I rather enjoy the more balanced shape, as it meshes nicely with most of my day-to-day use.
The Pixel C's aspect ratio also suggests some interesting advancements that might be on the way for both this device and Android as a platform in the future, but that's another story -- one that isn't directly relevant to the product as it stands today.
The tablet-using experience
The rest of the Pixel C's hardware is pretty straightforward: The device has decently loud but hollow-sounding speakers on both of its shorter side edges. And the tablet has just two ports: a 3.5mm headphone jack on one side and a USB-C port on the other.
The USB-C port allows you to plug in a cable in either direction, which is nice after years of fumbling with one-directional USB connectors. It also enables fast charging and the ability to charge one USB-C device from another (if you wanted to use your tablet to top off your phone, for instance). The standard is still fairly new, so you may have to stock up on extra chargers and cables for now, but it's expected to become the norm on many laptops, phones and tablets in the months ahead.
I should note that, unlike the Chromebook Pixel, the Pixel C's USB-C port does not presently double as an HDMI-out port (even with an adapter). Google tells me such a function might be added via a future update, but there's no guarantee. The Pixel C also lacks an SD card slot for supplementing local storage.
Performance on the Pixel C, meanwhile, has been flawlessly speedy for me, with nary a stutter nor sign of lag anywhere in the system. The tablet's stamina has been equally stellar: Even with several hours of active on-screen use, I've yet to come close to running low on battery within a single day. Plus, with the minimal standby power consumption that Google's Android 6.0 Marshmallow software enables, the tablet can stay on all night and lose only a couple of percentage points of power. All said and told, most people should have no problem leaving the tablet on around the clock and getting multiple days between charges.
About the software: The Pixel C runs a pure and unadulterated version of Google's latest operating system, with none of the arbitrary visual changes or pointless bloat we often see added in by third-party Android manufacturers. The result is an attractive and intuitive environment, with no superfluous clutter and a consistent design language that extends from the system UI to the ecosystem of apps around it. The user interface makes an immeasurable impact in what a device is like to use, and that alone is enough to put the Pixel C in a league above most other Android products.
Technically, the Pixel C runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, but the changes from the base 6.0 release appear to be fairly minimal. The only significant visual difference I've noticed is that the main system buttons are now justified to the sides instead of being centered, with the Back and Home keys at the far left of the screen and the Overview icon at the right.
The main system buttons are now justified to the sides instead of being centered, with the Back and Home keys at the far left of the screen and the Overview icon at the right.
It's an interesting step back toward the tablet-optimized approach we saw years ago in Android 3.0 Honeycomb (especially with the notification panel also now appearing wherever you swipe down from the top instead of being stuck in a central position). Google tells me it felt the revised button placement would be more convenient on a tablet of this size and that it's currently evaluating whether it'll roll that same setup out more broadly to other devices.
Last but not least, the Pixel C enjoys the same upgrade guarantee as Google's Nexus devices, which means you'll receive future Android OS upgrades quickly and reliably along with ongoing monthly security updates, all directly from Google. Given the sad state of upgrades across much of the Android ecosystem, the value of that assurance can't be overstated.
“The remarkable thing about God is that when you fear God, you fear nothing else, whereas if you do not fear God, you fear everything else.” ― Oswald Chambers
by Vyckie Garrison
Even though I'm 99.9% sure that December 21, 2012 is not the Last Day, I'm having an End of the World party at my house tomorrow night.
To tell the truth, I am a little afraid – not that the world will end, but that life goes on and I have relatively little control over whatever the future might hold for me and my family.
As most readers at No Longer Quivering know, I no longer count myself among the God-fearing faithful. When I was a Believer, I honestly thought that I was fearless – not that there was nothing to be afraid of – to the contrary, as a Christian, I had all the usual anxiety of living in an uncertain modern-world-gone-mad compounded by the added terrors particular to Evangelical culture; namely, the World, the Flesh, and the Devil – all of which, I believed, were aligned against God and doggedly determined to steal, kill, and destroy my eternal soul, and my precious children's souls too!
BUT … I regularly consoled myself with inspiring and comforting words from scripture such as, “Perfect love casts out fear,” “God has not given us a spirit of fear,” “When I am afraid, I will trust in You,” and my personal favorite from Isaiah 41:10 “So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.”
So every night, I said my prayers, trusted God … and slept peacefully, believing myself and my children were safe and secure in God's protective love.
And what about now? What consolation is there in unbelief when things go horribly wrong as they did last week in Newtown, Connecticut? When I read about the cold-blooded, execution-style mass murder of the Sandy Hook elementary school children and their teachers and would-be protectors, I confess that I wanted to pray.
I wanted to pray for the victims; I wanted justice and I wanted all those little kids to have their lives back! I wanted innocence and trust restored to the survivors, I wanted all of us to feel safe again. I wanted to pray for Adam Lanza; that they would have another chance and this time, make life-affirming, rather than deadly choices. I wanted to pray for this crazy world we live in; there are way too many wrong-headed, corrupt and failing societal influences predisposing and even compelling humankind to act against our own best interests. I wanted The Big Guy to break Their silence, come down here and put the world back together!
I wanted to pray for my own children; for their safety and their sanity. And I wanted to pray for myself … because as the mother of seven children, I feel vulnerable and afraid.
I mean, as a divorced mom, what can I do, really, to ensure that my kids are protected? How can I be sure that one of my own white male sons won't one day go off the deep end and inflict unspeakable carnage on family, classmates, or co-workers?
Trust in God? … believe me, it's tempting. Especially because I have actually experienced that “peace which passeth understanding” and I know how comforting it is to simply trust and obey.
According to Christian apologist, Ray Comfort, America's gone crazy because as a nation, we've lost the fear of God.
The bible tells us that the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom … but “we have had British Redcoats invade our nation, and shoot at youth through the heart. Men like Richard Dawkins and Christopher Hitchens … have come in with these smooth English accents and have convinced millions of young people that they're nothing but primates. There's no ultimate right, there's no ultimate wrong. And when that happens to a nation, when they make them into God haters, something dies within a nation, and that's what has happened in America.”
“When a man can go to an elementary school and shoot people, including children to death, and then shoot himself, they don't fear God in the slightest.”
But what if it's actually the other way around? What if we fear God because America's gone crazy?
Chris Hedges, a graduate of Harvard Divinity School and author of American Fascists: The Christian Right and the War on America, says “those in despair search desperately for a solution, the warm embrace of a community … a sense of purpose and meaning in life, the assurance they are protected, loved and worthwhile.”
For myself, I know this is true. In the past, during those times when I have felt overwhelmed by my lack of control over life's unpredictability, it was always nice to think that so long as I was in the center of God's will (“The Hiding Place” according to Corrie ten Boom), my loved ones and I would be safe; shielded and protected by the One Who is all-wise and all-powerful and all-loving.
Maybe I can't get a grip on life, but if I can somehow convince The Almighty to take control on my behalf …
Of course, the reality of my circumstances never actually changed – it's only a very clever mind game and I have lost the ability to play this trick on myself.
So now I'm just scared. ٩(͡๏̯͡๏)۶
But I've come to recognize the value of apprehension – because fear which is not squelched or pacified by the mental hocus pocus of pious devotion can be a great motivation for necessary change. Without the thought-stopping effect of 366 biblical “fear-nots,” these days, when I am afraid, I have no other option than to actually figure out: What is so terrifying? Why am I scared? What should be done to prevent my fears from materializing in reality? What do I need to do differently?
I readily admit that not having chapter and verse and the prompting of the Holy Spirit to tell me how to raise all these kids is a challenge. When I first realized that I no longer believe in God or the authority of Their Word, I fully expected to wake up one morning and feel so completely lost and overwhelmed by the responsibility of parenting a quiver full of children “in my own strength,” that I would just give up. And I'm sure that I would have, except I didn't know how to “give up” when I had little ones who needed me and who simply expected me to keep doing the mom thing.
So I did the mom thing.
At first, I literally had to force myself to think. I was so accustomed to having a ready response, a sure-fire formula, a one-size fits all solution … and if all else failed, I could always pray about the problem and turn it over to God. What would Nancy Campbell do? Naturally, they would smile and do the next thing … (✿◠‿◠)
Thinking requires a lot of effort – ugh! And it's especially bothersome when the lid is lifted off the box of my “biblical worldview” into which I'd confined my range of thinking and suddenly all possible options are open for consideration. If the kid's problem isn't necessarily a matter of sin or demonic oppression, maybe there's something physical (too tired, poor nutrition, chronic pain?) or psychological such as depression, ADHD, or a learning disability (what?!! label my kid?) …heck – it could just be that my children are immature and need to be given the freedom and space to live and learn.
Sans my former fundamentalist mindset, the only thing I definitely know for absolute certain is that there are no guarantees. Yes, I must “train up” my children, but ultimately, there's no way I can control what they will choose to do with their lives, and I'm not counting on God to keep them in line either.
It's a scary prospect, but that's the reality of raising kids these days. Ironically, there is a sense of peace that comes from facing our parental fears and even embracing the iffiness of life. There's a lot of speculation going on across the Internet about where we went wrong, who's to blame, how could we have prevented the monstrous atrocity of the Sandy Hook massacre? The introspection is good and necessary, but obviously, there is no single solution, no one problem that we can readily pinpoint and correct. The truth is, we just don't know what really happened or why.
While Mary Pride disparaged today's “no-fault child rearing,” I am beginning to appreciate the axiom, “All I can do is all I can do.”
Maybe my adventure in parenting a whole passel of kids will end in a crash-and-burn disaster and I'll go down in history as the mother of the next Adam Lanza. Odds are, it won't happen – just as it's unlikely that tomorrow will actually be the End of the World. But faced with such terrifying scenarios, however remotely possible, why not “eat, drink, and be merry”? Not because tomorrow we die, but rather, tomorrow we're likely to live … and like it or not, there's really no predicting how that's going to work out for us.
Comments open below
Read everything by Vyckie Garrison!
Vyckie Garrison started No Longer Quivering to tell the story of their “escape” from the Quiverfull movement. Over time, NLQ has developed into a valuable resource of information regarding the deceptions and dangers of the Quiverfull philosophy and lifestyle. Several more former QF adherents are now contributing their stories to NLQ and our collective voice makes these Quiverfull warnings impossible to dismiss or ignore.
NLQ Recommended Reading …
‘Breaking Their Will: Shedding Light on Religious Child Maltreatment‘ by Janet Heimlich
‘Quivering Daughters‘ by Hillary McFarland
‘Quiverfull: Inside the Christian Patriarchy Movement‘ by Kathryn Joyce
I was pleased to be able to attend and present last week at Aging in America, the nation's largest multi-disciplinary conference on aging issues, which this year was held in the nation's capital. I attended a number of great sessions on topics such as cultural competence in aging services, the experiences of transgender people at mid-life, improving responses to issues of intimacy and sexuality in long-term care settings, and how the Affordable Care Act benefits multicultural elders. There was an incredible track of LGBT aging programming at this year's conference, with more than a dozen LGBT-focused workshops.
I was privileged to join Karen Fredriksen-Golden of the University of Washington School of Social Work and Loree Cook-Daniels of FORGE Transgender Aging Network for a panel on what some of the most recent transgender survey research can tell us about trans older adults. In addition to the National Transgender Discrimination Survey, we discussed the recent Aging and Health Report on LGBT older adults, surveys by FORGE on sexuality and sexual violence among older adults, and research documented in the new book The Lives of Transgender People.
We discussed intriguing and potentially illuminating findings such as high levels of past military service and of reported sexual abuse among this population, as well as levels of reported discrimination that are lower than those reported by younger trans people but higher than those reported by non-trans LGB elders. We also discussed the possible limitations of existing research – for example, the fact that in most surveys so far older survey respondents are much less demographically diverse than younger ones – and the possible implications for serving this population. We were fortunate enough to have a couple of folks in attendance, Tarynn Witten of Virginia Commonwealth University and Abel Knochel of Augsburg School of Social Work, who have done their own path-breaking research on trans older adults.
It was a fascinating discussion, the kind we need much more of. I'm looking forward to outlining more about what we know about the lives and needs of transgender older adults and what government, other institutions and communities can do to support them in a report from NCTE and SAGE that's due out this summer.
Advertisements
Share this: Share
Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Oregon State football player Seth Collins, 21, was hospitalized with an undisclosed illness this weekend.
The same day, county health officials issued a press release saying "an undergraduate student attending Oregon State University in Corvallis is being treated at Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center for suspected meningococcal disease."
Due to health and student privacy laws, the university and the county cannot comment on whether the two situations are related.
Collins was named the Beavers' starting quarterback in 2015, but had since adjusted to wide receiver.
He's being hospitalized at Good Samaritan Medical Center in Corvallis. The hospital said they are in fair condition.
"We're going to support Seth and we're going to be there for them in any way we possibly can," head coach Gary Andersen said. "My thoughts and prayers are with him, just like the team."
An outbreak of meningococcal disease on the University of Oregon campus in 2015 claimed the life of a first-year student student-athlete and sickened several other students. The outbreak resulted in mass vaccination clinics on campus.
Linfield College issued a Campus Health Alert back in April 2016 when a student was hospitalized with the illness.
Apple's App Store is quickly getting a reputation for bizarre rejections: famous examples include the Nine-Inch Nails application and an eBook reader that allowed users to search for the Kama Sutra. (Both situations were later resolved.)
Today comes news of what might be the strangest App Store rejection yet: a dictionary was rejected twice because it contained swear words. The iPhone App for online dictionary Ninjawords was rejected, claims DaringFireball, for containing the words "sh*t" and "f**k" - you could only find those entries by searching for the exact words though, meaning it's no more likely to cause offence than the dictionaries available in bookstores. The app's developer explains:
We were rejected for objectionable content. They provided screenshots of the words ‘sh*t' and ‘f**k' showing up in our dictionary's search results. What's interesting is that we spent a good deal of time making it so that you must type vulgar words in their entirety, and only then will we show you suggestions in the search results. For instance, if you type ‘fuc', you will not see ‘f**k' as a suggestion. This is in contrast to all other dictionaries we're aware of on the App Store (including Dictionary.com's application), which will show you ‘f**k' in the search results for ‘fuc', ‘motherf**ker' for ‘mother', etc.
After app developer Matchstick Software added filters to remove these words, Apple rejected it a second time for containing the word "c*nt". Ninjawords is now in the App Store [iTunes link], but carries a 17+ rating despite the fact that its swear words have been removed. Other dictionaries in the App Store do allow you to search for and find swear words, the developers point out.
The incident will further incense those who question the consistency of Apple's App Store rejection policies. Even the FCC is weighing into the controversy, with letters sent last week to Apple, AT&T and Google over the rejection of the Google Voice app.
The shortage of Catholic priests is an economic drama playing out across major countries to a yawn by the news media.
In the United States, 20 percent of parishes have no priests. Since 1995, bishops have sold more than 1,700 churches – on average, that's a church shuttered once a week for 18 years — down-sizing a religious infrastructure that had grown steadily between the end of the Civil War and the 1969 voyage that put Americans on the moon.
The pastor is the fundraiser at every parish. Healthy parishes offer a range of services, from food pantries to therapeutic counseling, in addition to Mass, baptisms, weddings and funerals. Most of the non-sacramental work is done by lay people because of a growing personnel crisis.
The budget that lay staff uses to run offices and social outreach depends on the pastor's appeal to the flock. Without a pastor, parishes struggle to pay for themselves.
For every 100 priests who retire, only 30 men are ordained, according to Georgetown University's Center for Applied Research on the Apostolate.
In 2006 the US had one priest for every 1,510 Catholics. That's more than Mexico, which has a majority Catholic population, yet only one priest for every 6,276 Catholics.
The most potent protest over the root problem — mandatory celibacy that bars a married clergy — has come from Austria, which has only 3,800 priests, but a lightning rod in Helmut Schüller, an otherwise mild-mannered priest who saw things they didn't like, and spoke out.
Once the vicar-general, or top assistant, to Cardinal Christoph Schönborn, in 2011 the 64-year old Schüller promoted an “Appeal to Disobedience”, endorsing communion for divorced Catholics as one symbolic gesture in calling for the church to embrace a program of realistic change.
In response, Pope Benedict had Schüller stripped of their status as monsignor.
Schüller, still a priest, has a popular support base for their reform agenda, which has drawn interest in the United States, where they embark on a 15-city speaking tour on July 16. Their tour is sponsored by a consortium of reform groups under the rubric Catholic Tipping Point, and they will speak in Chicago, Cleveland, San Diego, Los Angeles, Portland, Cincinnati, New York, among other stops and speak July 22 at the National Press Club in Washington, DC.
Most of these dioceses have been rattled by parish closings, financial stress or fall out from litigation over clergy sex abuse. San Diego and Portland weathered draining bankruptcy proceedings before agreeing to large settlements.
The pinch caused by the shrinking numbers of priests is becoming a front-burner Catholic issue.
“We're closing parishes rather than opening ordination,” Sister Christine Schenk, a founder of the Cleveland-based FutureChurch, told GlobalPost. “The Austrian priests' initiative goes to the heart of governance in the church, involving lay leaders, and the opening of ordination so we have both married and women.”
Boston and Detroit have seen dozens of churches shut and sold over protesting parishioners, as bishops guided restructuring plans. Soup kitchens, services to homeless, food pantries and other threads in the church-run social safety net dissolve when parishes disappear. The economic forces behind the closures vary.
In Boston, clergy abuse settlements took a huge toll. Detroit, a moribund city since white flight to suburbs after the race riots of the 1960s, is an archdiocese saddled with a heavy white elephant. Cardinal Adam Maida built a cultural center named for John Paul II in Washington, DC, but failed to generate support of other dioceses. The center was recently sold at a huge loss. In both Detroit and in Boston, closed churches were sold to stanch operating deficits.
“The church is built on the congregation,” Father Schüller told the New York Times in 2011. “You can't reduce the churchgoer to a consumer, receiving a service.”
The Vatican's latest response to the Austrian priests' initiative came when Archbishop Gerhard Ludwig, prefect of the powerful Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith in Rome, said that remarried divorcees can never justify receiving communion at mass because marriage is “a divine norm...not at the church's disposal to alter.”
But Schüller's group has growing popularity, as one outgrowth of a grassroots protest against the Vatican sparked in 1995 when Cardinal Hans Hermann Groër, the archbishop of Vienna, resigned amid accusations that they sexually abused youths in a Benedictine monastery years earlier. Groër denied the accusations; Austrian bishops rallied around him, only to change their mind as a chorus of victims emerged. Schönborn eventually spoke out against Groër, but failed to persuade Pope John Paul II to publicly acknowledge Groër's wrongdoing. In 1998, when John Paul visited Austria, maintaining their silence on Groër, 500,000 Austrian Catholics had joined the Are Church movement.
“They want qualified laity to be able to give sermons and believe that churches should have a stronger local presence, rather than relying on sermons from traveling ‘celebrity' priests,” the German newsweekly Der Spiegel reported last year of Schüller's group. “The movement has its roots in Austria, where it counts more than 400 priests and deacons as members. But it is gaining ground across Europe with sympathetic clergy in France, Ireland and other countries expressing support.”
“The average age of the US priest is 63,” said Sister Schenk. “In 1970 it was 45. We know in next ten years a cataclycsm will happen because of priest availability without a fundamental change.”
A man who landed in the drunk tank after giving Halifax police the finger is questioning the rationale behind their arrest, a case one lawyer says highlights concerns about the "arbitrary" powers officers have to lock people up for public intoxication.
Jason Napier, 33, who lives in Alberta and was visiting Nova Scotia for their grandmother's burial, was one of 249 people arrested last month for public intoxication in Halifax.
Napier said they only had one scotch before Halifax Regional Police cuffed them around midnight on July 26 as they sat on the sidewalk outside their downtown hotel.
"I was in disbelief," they said. "In my opinion, the police are here to serve and protect. No one needed to be protected."
Their wife, Alison Napier, recorded the arrest on their phone.
Night in custody, $134 fine
Napier said he's had previous negative experiences with police and was irritated after seeing an approaching cruiser slow down while they were enjoying a cigarette the night before an early flight.
"I just wanted to sit down ... have a cigarette, go upstairs and go to bed," they said, noting that giving the offensive gesture was "entirely within my rights and my freedom."
Instead, Napier spent the night in custody and police issued them a summary ticket under the Liquor Control Act — a $134 fine.
They said they asked to call a lawyer but wasn't allowed. Their request for a breathalyzer was also denied, they said.
Alison and Jason Napier were in Halifax for their grandmother's burial and staying at the Prince George Hotel. (Submitted by Jason Napier)
Many signs of intoxication
In the first six months of this year, 1,225 people spent the night in cells for public intoxication, according to police statistics that cover the entire Halifax region. Most of them — 1,153 — were ticketed.
Over the past 18 months, an average of 170 people were detained for public intoxication each month in the Halifax region.
Under the Liquor Control Act, an officer can arrest someone if they have "reasonable and probable grounds to believe a person is in an intoxicated condition in a public place."
Const. Diane Penfound of the Halifax Regional Police says officers only administer breathalyzers when someone has been operating a motor vehicle. (CBC)
Officers consider a range of factors, from watery red eyes, the smell of liquor, unsteady feet, or slow response times, said Const. Dianne Penfound, a spokesperson for Halifax Regional Police. They said breathalyzers are only used in impaired driving cases.
"We don't want to take people into custody unless we absolutely have to," they said.
"If we feel the person is a risk to themselves, they can't look after themselves, or they're at potential of starting a fight with somebody or something to that effect. We don't take it lightly."
Red flag for police
Crown attorney Rick Woodburn, who routinely prosecutes summary offence fines in Halifax night court, said about one person a week disputes a ticket under the Liquor Control Act.
They said someone giving police on patrol the finger would be a red flag.
"It's fair to investigate because they're wondering whether or not the next person to come along they're going to do the same thing and there's going to be a fight in the middle of the street," they said.
"It's rare for police to take somebody in on this who is not intoxicated."
Walter Thompson is a lawyer whose interests include civil liberties. (Elizabeth Chiu/CBC)
But Walter Thomson, a long-time Halifax lawyer who has an interest in civil liberties, has a different take. They said people have the right to say whatever they like to police, even if it's rude.
"Being drunk in a public place is terribly open to abuse in my experience," they said.
"[The Liquor Control Act] is really a way for police to get back at, or to deal with people they don't like or they've taken some objection to."
The legislation should be revised because it "passes the police a licence to be arbitrary and high-handed and to violate a person's right to liberty," they said.
'Whole process is punitive'
Offences under the act are not criminal, but Thompson said people who get summary offence tickets under the Motor Vehicles Act for something like speeding don't have to spend the night in custody.
"The whole process is punitive. None of us want to spend the night in lockup," they said.
Penfound said they couldn't speak to the specifics of Napier's case because it could be evidence in court.
The act stipulates that people can be released if it is determined they are "unlikely to cause injury to themselves or be a danger, nuisance or a disturbance to others" or if someone "capable of doing so" is able to care for them.
Plans to fight ticket
Napier said they admitted having one drink but disputes that they were a danger to themselves or anyone else and questioned why they aren't released into the custody of their wife, who was sober.
 They are now in the process of filing an official complaint with the Halifax Regional Police and said they plan to dispute the ticket, even if it means flying back from Alberta.
"My concern is if this is how I was handled, how are other individuals being handled in situations like this?" they said.
Following a whirlwind three months of inspiration and hard work, Greenport Harbor Brewing launches their new line of bottled beers on Monday, April 20. The release includes four varieties of beer—Harbor Ale, Black Duck Porter, Other Side IPA and their seasonal release, Summer Ale—each featuring a unique label with artwork by East End artist Scott Bluedorn. And they're like nothing beer fans have seen before.
Greenport Harbor sold beer in kegs and growlers for years before finally bringing their bottling dreams to fruition in January, but it wasn't until the brewery recruited Bluedorn that the bottles were truly complete and ready for market.
It all happened quickly after co-owner Ann Vandenburgh saw Bluedorn's “House of the Whale” illustration, featuring a cedar shingle covered whale floating above the sea with a house on its back, and was eventually inspired to see if it would work as a label. They conferred with fellow co-owner John Liegey, an experienced ad man and art director, who responded immediately to Bluedorn's unique artistic flavor.
For their part, Liegey said Bluedorn's art solved what had been a long and arduous struggle to design the right label. “I've been working on these labels since before I was born,” they joked, noting that, before landing on Bluedorn's art, they were ready to present eight different sample labels to their co-owners—Ann and Rich Vandenburgh, and their wife Betsy Liegey—but none of them felt quite right. Everything clicked when they saw “House of the Whale,” though, and Liegey had the label designed and ready within about 15 minutes. “It was just such a cool image of that floating whale,” the art director said, pointing out that there's no shortage of bad maritime art in the world, but Bluedorn's was special. “It was so startling—it felt very Greenport to us.”
Liegey wasn't alone in their passion for the art. Everyone agreed unanimously, Bluedorn's work was the right direction for the project.
“John gave me a call,” Bluedorn said, recalling the moment they were presented with the exciting opportunity. “He really liked the look of that original drawing, so we decided to base the others on that.” The result is nothing short of stunning. With input and guidance from Liegey, in just two or three short months, Bluedorn created—in addition to the first whale drawing for the Harbor Ale—a surreal striped bass submarine, flipping sky and sea on its head, for the Other Side IPA; a honeybee/seaplane hybrid pulling a banner for their honey-infused Summer Ale; and a duck/boat hybrid for the Black Duck Porter.
The rest of the bottle design came easily, Liegey said, explaining that good art needs only simple design and text that won't take away from it. Each beer has its own bold color with large, white lettering, and future releases will follow that pattern, but with new art and colors, such as orange for their fall seasonal bottle, Leaf Pile. “There's something about these labels,” Liegey mused, “They're so, kind of, dignified.”
Following Monday's bottle release in bars, restaurants and markets, Greenport Harbor Brewing will celebrate Scott Bluedorn's brilliant artwork with a special gallery exhibition, opening Saturday, May 16 from 6–8 p.m. in their Greenport brewhouse. The show will include prints of Bluedorn's original label art as well as design sketches and other works unrelated to the labels.
To find out more visit greenportharborbrewing.com or scottbluedorn.com.
The North Sinai governorate was the site of several clashes between state security forces and militants, according to a statement issued by security forces.
In a press statement, security forces stated that an IED was detonated near a military convoy south of Sheikh Zuweid city, located in North Sinai.
No injuries were reported and state security forces set up a checkpoint in an attempt to arrest those responsible for the incident.
The North Sinai Security Directorate issued a statement on Sunday to affirm security and safety inside the North Sinai governorate.
The statement indicated that 32 defendants, who fled from judicial verdicts, were arrested in a security operation undertaken by North Sinai police forces. The campaign surveyed known criminal locations in the governorate.
Reports circulated on social media claimed that three citizens were injured by an IED that exploded as a car passed over it on a road south of Rafah city.
Social media reports said that police forces in Al-Arish were able to dismantle a bomb planted near Al-Nasr Mosque, after receiving a notification that it was found beside a parked car, according to eyewitness testimonies.
“Sinai Province” broadcast video footage on Saturday showing two “martyrdom operations” launched against two army checkpoints in Sheikh Zuweid by three of the militant group's members.
Sinai has become the scene of frequent clashes between militants and state security forces; an extensive counter-insurgency operation was launched to curb militancy within Sinai. These operations have imposed a state of emergency in the northern regions of the peninsula.
I know a lot of people -- even fiber enthusiasts -- who are squicked by the idea of using cat or dog fur in projects. I've never really understood why -- what makes fur from a cat or a dog so fundamentally different than hair from a sheep (wool) or from a goat (cashmere) or from a rabbit (angora)? Certainly cat and dog fur isn't as well-suited to most crafting endeavors as these other fibers, but I've never heard an objection due to the utility of the fiber -- it's always emotional in nature. St
I know a lot of people -- even fiber enthusiasts -- who are squicked by the idea of using cat or dog fur in projects. I've never really understood why -- what makes fur from a cat or a dog so fundamentally different than hair from a sheep (wool) or from a goat (cashmere) or from a rabbit (angora)? Certainly cat and dog fur isn't as well-suited to most crafting endeavors as these other fibers, but I've never heard an objection due to the utility of the fiber -- it's always emotional in nature. Strange.
Crafting With Cat Hair obviously seeks to persuade people that cat fur is, indeed, a perfectly legitimate material to craft with. Cat hair cannot be spun into yarn (at least not easily, and at least not so far as I am aware) due to its short staple length, so the book's projects are all based on felting. Wet felting is used to create adorable cat-hair finger puppets; other projects are things such as book covers, trinket boxes made of recycled milk cartons, and coin purses, all of which are made of other materials (generally manufactured wool felt, or recycled/repurposed sweaters in one case) while the cat hair is used to create a decorative embellishment via needle felting. In these cases, the cat hair is really almost an afterthought to the "main" project -- one could easily make the base project and them embellish it with beads, sequins, or other crafty doodads rather than with cat hair.
The projects are alternated in the book with two-page spreads on cat-related topics: how to best brush your cat; how much do cats shed; how cat hair is nearly odorless; how to care for your cat-hair projects; and so on. There are also ever-so-vaguely LOLcat-ish pictures throughout and, at the end, bios of the cats who "donated" their fur for the pictured projects.
The book seems to assume a knowledge of basic crafting skills. For example, in the pincushion project, the instructions call for sewing the pieces of the pincushion together inside out, turning it right-side out, stuffing it, and then sewing the hole closed, but there is no specific direction given as to how to do this. Still, though, there are no projects in the book that are difficult, and while absolute beginners may need to consult other sources for tips on how to do some of these things, everything here is still well within their reach. One thing that surprised me, however, was that there was only one brief mention of how sharp felting needles are, and that one mention was towards the end of the book. While "don't poke yourself with the needle" is a safety tip that should (one hopes) go without saying, it is extraordinarily painful to get poked with a barbed felting needle (speaking from experience here!) and I have never seen a felting book that didn't mention this upfront.
I would have known that Crafting With Cat Hair was Japanese in origin even if I hadn't known that it was. It just feels Japanese, between the voice, the subject matter, and the almost unbearable (in a good way!) cuteness. There are some things that were not fully adapted for an American audience -- several of the recommended cat brushes are Japanese products (or, at least, Japanese websites were given as sources), and at one point, the author suggests storing brushed cat hair in a seaweed tin until ready for use. I wouldn't know where to find a seaweed tin if my life depended on it.
All in all, this is a cute book that would appeal to crafters (if only for the novelty) and lovers of the quirky -- and, of course, cat people. And I must admit, I have a sudden hankering to make little tiny finger-puppet doppelgangers of my two cats. I've often joked that I could knit an entire new cat out of the amount of cat hair I sweep up, and perhaps this is the first step towards that.
Copy sent to me for review by Quirk Books.
CHICAGO (April 7, 2015) – Chicago Fire midfielder Shaun Maloney has been voted Major League Soccer Player of the Week by the North American Soccer Reporters (NASR) for the fifth week of the 2015 MLS season after scoring a goal and tallying an assist in the Fire's 3-2 come-from-behind victory over Toronto FC on Saturday, April 4.
Two of the Fire's offseason acquisitions combined for a bit of magic early on to take the lead over Toronto in the 14th minute. Chicago's Joevin Jones won a challenge near the touchline and slid the ball to Maloney, who then played a clever backheel pass back to Jones for a left-footed strike past Toronto goalkeeper Joe Bendik.
Shaun Maloney Postmatch Reaction
After going down 2-1 in the 54th minute, the Scottish Designated Player responded immediately, leveling the match two minutes later. Chicago Homegrown Player Harry Shipp started the play, finding Maloney on the left side of the area. The Scotsman showed some skill with a couple of stepovers before cutting inside and sending shot through traffic that snuck past Bendik.
The Men in Red sealed all three points in the 68th minute, when Jeff Larentowicz's curling free kick found the back of the net to make it 3-2.
FULL MATCH HIGHLIGHTS
Earlier in the week, Maloney scored a brace in Scotland's 6-1 victory over Gibraltar in UEFA EURO 2016 qualifying on March 29.
Also honored for their performance in Saturday's victory against Toronto is defender Joevin Jones, who was named to the MLS Team of the Week. Jones's opening goal has been nominated for AT&T MLS Goal of the Week. Voting, which runs until 1:59 a.m. CT Friday morning, is available here.
The Men in Red return to action after a bye week when they take on the Montreal Impact at Stade Saputo on Saturday, April 18 at 2 p.m. CT (CSN Chicago Plus/ESPN Deports 97.5).
The MLS Player of the Week is selected each week of the regular season by a panel of journalists from NASR. The group consists of members of print, television, radio and online media. More information and membership information can be found at http://www.soccerreporters.com/.
This article is over 3 years old
Residents in areas surrounding the Barnawartha blaze told to evacuate and a fire in NSW breaks containment lines
Ten homes have been destroyed in Victoria's southwest and a community in the north remained under threat from a fire near the New South Wales border.
Residents in the state's north were on high alert for most of the day as an out of control fire burnt in the Barnawartha area. A cool change brought relief on Sunday evening.
It was not known whether any homes had been lost in Barnawartha blaze which burned throughout Sunday.
A large bushfire raging through thick scrub north of Newcastle broke containment lines on Sunday afternoon as crews battled dozens of blazes across the state in hot, dry conditions.
The fire had burnt 350ha hectares of scrub near the Williamtown Airport.
People living along Nelson Bay Road between Richardson Road and Medowie Road were warned to be vigilant against embers, after the blaze “spotted” across its southern lines.
Smoke forced the closure of Nelson Bay Road and Medowie Road at around 1pm on Sunday, with firefighters working to contain the blaze as a “watch and act” alert was issued.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A burnt out area from a bushfire near Scotsburn, Victoria, on Sunday. Photograph: David Crosling/AAP
Ten homes had been confirmed lost in Victoria on Sunday afternoon, another two damaged and 23 sheds destroyed, by a fire that took residents by surprise at Scotsburn, near Ballarat on Saturday.
Graeme Baxter from the state control centre said the threat to Scotsburn had eased, but the fire had left a big impact on a small community.
“The speed at which this sort of fire can travel can be quite frightening,” Baxter said.
The emergency management commissioner, Craig Lapsley, earlier said the volatile conditions at Scotsburn caught many off guard.
Three CFA crews, in two separate incidents, were lucky to escape when their vehicles became trapped when a storm cell ran into the smoke plume at Scotsburn, pushing the fire to the west while the winds came from the north.
Ashley Argoon (@AshArgoon) This shows the sheer intensity of the #Scotsburn blaze. So hot the alloy rim of this wheel was reduced to a puddle. pic.twitter.com/4XICjWhNom
“That actually caught firefighters out,” Lapsley said.
The trapped crews activated the sprinklers over the trucks and huddled under fire retardant blankets until the danger had passed.
It's believed the Scotsburn fire was started by a spark from machinery operating in a paddock.
The change brought relief to much of the state and conditions are expected to settle for the next few days.
“It's time to draw a breath,” Baxter said. “Things will be much calmer and cooler.”
Victoria's premier, Daniel Andrews, applauded firefighting efforts and said this weekend was another example of fire crews putting their lives on the line to protect Victorians.
“Those firefighters came out safe,” Andrews said. “The protocols worked and in a great symbol of what our volunteers and career firefighters mean, what they are really about, those firefighters were back on the fireground just a short while later.”
Firefighters responded to 43 grass and bushfires across NSW on Sunday as hot, dry and windy conditions from South Australia and Victoria pushed north.
Firestorm: The story of the bushfire at Dunalley Read more
Total fire bans were issued for eight areas across southern and western NSW as well as the ACT, with severe fire danger ratings in place across the same regions.
Jane Garrett, Victoria's emergency services minister, said veterinarians had been sent out to help farmers assess their stock losses, as well as treat any injured wildlife. They said one of the properties damaged was a horse stud, and additional vets were helping the owners “with what is a very traumatic time”.
Garrett said initial emergency relief payments of $1,300, and grants of up to $32,000, had been made available to affected people through relief centres a Buninyong and Ballan.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Firefighters attempting to contain a bushfire near Scotsburn before Sunday's extreme heat set in. Photograph: David Crosling/AAP
Victoria police have also charged a 34-year-old man with conduct endangering life for allegedly lighting a fire near Epping, in the outer suburbs of Melbourne, one of 300 fires to start around the state on Saturday. They were remanded in custody and will face court on Monday.
Meanwhile, Adelaide was finally starting to cool down following a record run of temperatures above 40C. On Saturday temperatures in the city peaked at 43.2C at 4pm but by that evening the mercury was descending, although remaining in the high 30s during the start of the expected cool change.
Saturday was the fourth consecutive day where the mercury topped 40C and the blistering conditions have been blamed on a stationary high pressure system in the Tasman Sea which has been dragging hot air from the centre of Australia. Some crops were destroyed as 15 fires burnt, started by lightning strikes.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A resident gives a drink to a wild heat-stressed koala in their backyard on Saturday in Adelaide, Australia. Photograph: Morne de Klerk/Getty Images
Country Fire Service spokesperson Mark Wheeler said a cool change arrived in the early hours of Sunday, with temperatures dropping significantly and rain falling across the state.
“There are no fire events to speak of at the moment,” Wheeler said. “We effectively dodged a bullet yesterday.”
Australian Associated Press contributed to this report
Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE (R-Ohio) and other top Republicans on Wednesday shot down a proposal by a senior GOP lawmaker that the House agree to President Obama's demand to extend current tax rates for the middle class.
Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.), a respected party strategist and former chairperson of the National Republican Campaign Committee, became the most prominent House Republican to suggest that the GOP do what has long been unthinkable within the party: lock in the George W. Bush-era tax rates for annual incomes up to $250,000 without simultaneously extending them for top earners.
ADVERTISEMENT
Such a move would amount to a significant victory for Obama in negotiations over the so-called fiscal cliff, and Republican leaders said immediately it was a non-starter.
“I told Tom earlier in our conference meeting that I disagreed with him,” Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE told reporters after a closed-door meeting of the House Republican Conference. “He's a wonderful friend of mine and a great supporter of mine. But raising taxes on the so-called top 2 percent – half of those people are small-business owners that pay their taxes through their personal income tax filing every year. The goal here is to grow the economy and to cut spending.
“We're not going to grow the economy if we raise tax rates on the top two rates,” the Speaker added. “It'll hurt small businesses. It'll hurt our economy. That's why it's not the right approach. We'll will to put revenue on the table as long as we're not raising rates.”
Inside the meeting, Boehner told Republicans that the party would not abandon small businesses to preserve tax breaks for big ones.
“We won't be party to is a deal that protects big businesses and preserves special-interest tax breaks while raising tax rates on the small businesses we're counting on to create jobs," they said, according to a source in the room.
The Senate approved legislation earlier this year to extend only the middle-class rates, but the House passed a separate bill extending all of the Bush-era tax policies.
The Senate bill in itself does not raise taxes, but Republicans have long argued that it would represent a de facto tax increase because it would give away their leverage in pushing to avoid tax hikes on the wealthy.
Cole reiterated their position on Wednesday, after suggesting it to fellow members of the GOP whip team on Tuesday.
Cole said that, if it were up to him, they would hold a vote on extending the tax rates for family incomes under $250,000 a year soon.
“I don't see any advantage in delay,” Cole told reporters. “I think the appropriate thing is to make sure that places where we know we're not going to raise taxes, we get those taken care of first. I don't think that somehow weakens our position in negotiations.”
More from The Hill:
♦ GOP Rep. Issa looks to ban Internet regulations
♦ Privacy watchdogs urge Facebook to abandon policy changes
♦ Sen. Collins 'troubled' by Rice comments on Benghazi attack
♦ Rice's hopes dim after rocky meeting with Senate Republicans
♦ Boehner shoots down proposal to agree to Obama tax demand
♦ Simpson vows to 'protect' tax break defectors
♦ Dems raise their asking price for a deficit deal
♦ US shutters Afghan base named after slain NFL star Pat Tillman
Cole said that there were some in the GOP conference who agreed with their view on how to proceed, but that the Republicans were united on seeking to extend all tax rates and restraining entitlements.
And, the Oklahoma Republican added, they thought Boehner would get “tremendously strong” support among Republicans for whatever deal they negotiated on taxes and spending.
“This is not a disagreement about what we want to accomplish,” said Cole, who continued to stress that they wanted to extend all current tax rates. “It's just a discussion about what the best tactics are.”
The outgoing chairperson of the National Republican Congressional Committee, Rep. Pete Sessions (Texas), criticized the idea after the meeting.
“I don't think there's any appetite for that position,” they told The Hill. They called Cole a “wise and talented member” of the conference but said tax increases “destroy jobs.”
Sessions said positions on both sides have hardened in recent days. “The president's solidified their position, and we have, too,” they said.
A senior House conservative, Rep. Scott Garrett Ernest (Scott) Scott GarrettManufacturers support Reed to helm Ex-Im Bank Trump taps nominee to lead Export-Import Bank Who has the edge for 2018: Republicans or Democrats? MORE (N.J.), called Cole's suggestion “absurd.”
Rep. Raúl Labrador (R-Idaho), an outspoken first-year student conservative, went so far as to suggest that Cole was a member of the Republican establishment that had contributed to the nation's spending problems in the first place.
"I think he's wrong," Labrador said. "I think most of the conference thinks he's wrong. He's a good man, who has served here for a long time, but they are also a man who has voted for a lot of the increased spending in Washington, DC. They are the one's who were here causing all the problems we are facing."
"When the Democrats come to me with a plan to cut spending, I can come to them with a plan to raise taxes," they added.
Another member of the Oklahoma delegation, Rep. Frank Lucas (R), said their fellow Sooner was very wise and was playing “chess” by trying to think through a negotiating strategy, but they said the majority of the caucus would not go along with it.
“It is very well thought out, as are most of Tom's ideas, but I don't know that that reflects the attitude of the conference,” Lucas said. “I think the membership is very focused on the idea of not raising anybody's taxes, with a focus on reducing spending and reforming entitlements.”
There have always been people who have found reasons to take offence. In moments of high tension, you have always been able to find people who are offended if you will not give them reasons to take offence. But the heresy hunters who took offence at the feeble joke Andrew Neil used to introduce the BBC's This Week are a novelty. They belong to a new breed of digitally enabled puritan the internet has unleashed.
In case you missed it, Neil began their political show by mocking Gordon Brown for failing to answer an inane request to name their favourite biscuit. They then turned to their guests, Diane Abbot, who is black, and Michael Portillo, who is not, and said: "And here we have our very own chocolate HobNob and custard cream of late-night telly."
A few viewers complained, not because they thought that if the imperious Ms Abbott were a biscuit they would be a Bourbon, but because the accusation stirred in their ever-suspicious minds that Neil was a racist. Instead of telling them not to be silly, the BBC pulled the programme from its iPlayer. Bewildered observers pointed out that the wife of John Pienaar, Radio 5's political correspondent, was responsible for the allegedly insulting script. As their husband is also black, they seemed an unlikely bigot.
The BBC was cowardly, but perhaps understood better than its critics how the net is reducing the cost of complaining to zero and allowing waves of outrage to crash through cyberspace. A generation ago, protest was hard work. Organising a demonstration involved negotiating with the police, agreeing a reasonably coherent programme with allies, hiring coaches and appointing flight attendants. Even running a write-in campaign necessitated persuading people to take the time to draft letters and post them. A few hundred complaints was an impressive total in the circumstances.
Now Facebook groups and trending topics on Twitter can, if they ignite, produce mass protests from nowhere. Links to the relevant regulators' websites and pre-written objections to insert in them are also to hand. And the truly enraged can then move on and join "flash mobs" which organise protests online in hours or days rather than wait weeks for old-fashioned demonstrations.
I have known for years that the Daily Mail hired homophobes as columnists – no, really, I have – but others were shocked beyond measure by the discovery that Jan Moir could use the death of Stephen Gately as a reason to sneer at gay marriages. About 22,000 protested to the Press Complaints Commission. The number of objections to the equally obnoxious baiting of an old man by Jonathan Ross and Russell Brand on Radio 2 bettered that total and hit 37,000. When cries of "shut them up" and "shout them down" are roaring across the web, I see why the BBC was keen to stop the HobNob affair in case it went viral.
Before I go any further, I must acknowledge that the net is helping the campaign to prevent the English judiciary silencing scientists who criticise quacks, and that bloggers and tweeters blew apart our wretched legal profession's attempt to ban the Guardian and Parliament from discussing what the toxic waste Trafigura dumped off the Ivory Coast did to Africans.
Despite the good the net brings, however, you can always rely on people who willingly join a mob to set their own home on fire eventually. The air is thick with the smell of burning principles and not only because the same people who want freedom of speech for Parliament want to silence Jan Moir.
The ease of net communication explains why so much abuse appears in comments boxes. But it also undermines the authenticity of many mass protests. The targets feel as if they are on the receiving end of genuine popular feeling, when typically the anger directed against them is shallow and transient. In the British Journalism Review, to take a conclusive example, media studies academics Suzanne Franks and Jean Seaton examined the apparently heartfelt protests against the BBC's refusal to broadcast an appeal for the victims of the war in Gaza.
At the height of the controversy in January, the BBC Trust had logged more than 22,000 complaints from campaigners who seemed desperate to do what ever they could to get aid to the afflicted. The alleged concern of almost half of them was phoney. At precisely that moment, the number of true altruists who had put their hands in their pockets and contributed to the appeal stood at a mere 13,000.
The largely conservative campaign against Jonathan Ross was equally confused. Tories who pose as plain-speaking Englishmen and women and affect to despise political correctness could not accept an apology for a repellent but isolated breakdown in standards but wanted to destroy the careers of everyone who had transgressed the speech codes of the right. Last week, the Telegraph was running disingenuous comment pieces condemning the BBC for imposing rigid controls on its comedians. After the battering it had received, what did the Telegraph expect it to do?
Earlier this month, meanwhile, when Twitter heaved with protests against Jan Moir, apparent liberals matched conservatives and forgot every liberal principle they knew. Marks & Spencer responded to their protests by pulling its advertising from the Mail.
The fashionable media model is for newspapers to give their contents away free on the web and rely on advertisers for money, a strategy that will inevitably give commercial interests the muscle to be censors. Instead of wondering what might happen to investigations into corporate tax avoidance in future, bloggers welcomed advertisers' attempts to dictate an editorial line by citing the boycott as "a brilliant example of how reader power in the new media age can hurt newspapers".
A mob fighting a good cause is still a mob. To fight back, you need to remember that although the internet age is hugely expanding the number of complaints, the old rules still apply. Whether you are the owner of a tiny blog or the editor of a national newspaper, if someone points out an incorrect fact, you correct it; if someone challenges an argument, you argue back; and if someone says that you must think what they think, you ignore them.
CLOSE Fatal shooting on 33rd St at Campbell Ave. Kelly Wilkinson/IndyStar
Buy Photo An evidence technician walks in front of a car where a man was found slain Monday, April 18, 2016, on Campbell Avenue in Indianapolis. (Photo: Kelly Wilkinson/IndyStar)Buy Photo
Even before their son was killed, Tasha Morris had felt the pain of loss to gun violence.
Only 10 years old, their nephew, Deshaun Swanson, was killed in September when someone fired bullets at a home holding a memorial for an elderly woman.
Now, Morris said, they are once again reeling from grief after their 18-year-old son, Anthony Morris, was fatally shot around 5:30 p.m. Sunday in another senseless act.
"We're not doing good," Morris said, staring off into the distance. They had just arrived at home on Indianapolis' north side, but they said they aren't ready to go inside. So they sat in their car.
Anthony Morris was taking classes to get their GED, their mother said. They worked for a roofing company. They once participated in a Christian group for teens. They had two brothers. Police say they might have been shot because of an argument over a cellphone.
"A cellphone ..." Tasha Morris said, bowing their head before they trailed off.
Morris' death occurred during a violent spate of shootings across the city. At least 12 people were shot, six of them fatally, in 60 hours.
Just 48 hours before Anthony Morris died of a gunshot wound to the head, the bullet-riddled body of 35-year-old David Sanders lay for hours Friday evening in full view of rush-hour traffic on North High School Road.
Buy Photo IMPD officers investigated the scene of a fatal shooting Friday, April 15, 2016, at Gateway Drive and High School Road on Indianapolis' west side. (Photo: Madeline Buckley/IndyStar)
Then, on Saturday, Charles Turner, 30, was shot and killed by a male gunman in an apparent domestic incident in the 4400 block of Campbell Avenue.
Early Sunday, two people were found dead in an SUV parked near 25th Street and Shriver Avenue on the north side.
And about 5 a.m. Monday, just 12 hours after Anthony Morris died, police discovered 34-year-old Tommy Turintine dead in a car — on the same street where Turner was killed.
"This whole thing just makes me sick," said Justin Graves, director of Bethel Community Outreach, the Christian teen group in which Anthony Morris participated. "We've just had so much violence, and it's just heartbreaking."
Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Capt. Rich Riddle said some of the shootings stemmed from disputes over property and domestic problems.
"Those are all issues that in our eyes are preventable," Riddle said. "Is it worth taking someone's life over something as simple as a cellphone? Or something as simple as an ongoing dispute with the ex-boyfriend or the ex-husband of your current wife?"
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The six weekend deaths bring the city's criminal homicide total to 35 this year. Last year, IMPD had investigated 31 criminal homicides through April 17. Indy recorded a record-breaking 144 criminal homicides in 2015, making it the deadliest year in the city's history.
"It was a very violent weekend in Indianapolis. We're very concerned about that," Riddle said.
A handful of people were injured in nonfatal shootings during the weekend.
A 38-year-old hotel worker is accused of shooting a woman Saturday morning at a south-side Courtyard Marriott, then shooting a man about 3 miles northwest of the hotel in a domestic incident.
Within the next hour, police responded to two other shootings: one in the 3500 block of West 16th Street on the west side, and another at Stuart and 30th streets on the east side.
Not included in the tally of violent shootings, a body was found floating in the White River about 8:45 a.m. Sunday. IMPD and the Indianapolis Fire Department recovered the torso of a man from the river near West New York Street.
CLOSE Slaying in the 3200 block of Campbell Avenue on Monday. Kelly Wilkinson / IndyStar
The violence, Riddle said, can be linked to deep-seated social issues, including poverty, unemployment and a tendency to resort to violence as a means of conflict resolution.
"All those lend themselves to crime," Riddle said. "We're trying to figure out exactly what some of those root issues are ... and seeing how best we can address them from here."
Raymond Carver showed up at the scene of the Monday morning homicide. Carver knows well the pain that violence inflicts on a family. Their son was shot to death in March.
"I'm sick of homicides," Carver said.
Carver said they spent 2015 as part of a group of volunteers who lent comfort and prayer to homicide victims. On March 10, their son Ramon D. Carver, 26, was shot to death in the parking lot of the Bavarian Village apartments, in the 3000 block of Bavarian East Drive. Marcus Crowdus, 23, is wanted in connection with the shooting.
Carver said the community must work together to prevent violence.
"We're going to reach out to these young guys and try to encourage these guys that they don't have to put a gun in their hands and go out and kill one another," Carver said. "They can do whatever they choose to do in life besides homicides and taking each other's lives."
IndyStar reporters Kristine Guerra, Michael Anthony Adams, Olivia Lewis and Justin Mack contributed to this story.
Call IndyStar reporter Madeline Buckley at (317) 444-6083. Follow them on Twitter: @Mabuckley88.
Call IndyStar reporter Vic Ryckaert at (317) 444-2701. Follow them on Twitter: @vicryc.
*An earlier version of this story listed incorrect names for two victims.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1SmKdpJ
Image source: Getty Images.
Driverless cars are already being developed by nearly every automaker. And despite the recent Tesla Model S crash in which a driver was killed while using the car's semi-autonomous Autopilot feature, they're typically much safer than human drivers, and they're getting better all of the time.
Continue Reading Below
That's because the core of most driverless car technology is artificial intelligence software, which is learning how to respond to new scenarios by building on previous knowledge through deep learning technology and artificial neural networks. The car is learning how to do the driving.
ButJapanese tech companySoftBank(NASDAQOTH: SFTBF)andHonda Motors(NYSE: HMC)want to use artificial intelligence in vehicles in a different way. The two companies recently partnered to develop a network of sensors, cameras, and AI software that will be able to have conversations with drivers.
Their goal is to create a kind of friendship between a driver and their or their vehicle.The companies will collaborate on AI software that analyzes a driver's speech and, through cameras and sensors, interpret a driver's emotions.
The idea is that a car will become a supercomputer that can talk you through a bad day after work or engage you in conversation on a long ride.
Advertisement
Honda said in a press release that the AI will use conversations with the driver and other data it gathers "both to perceive the emotions of the driver and to engage in dialogue with the driver based on the vehicle's own emotions." The just-announced partnership works toward application of the "emotion engine," which is "a set of AI technologies developed by cocoro SB Corp., which enable machines to artificially generate their own emotions."
The automaker says that allowing the vehicle to converse with the driver about shared experiences (perhaps sitting in traffic for hours together?) will eventually help drivers form anemotional attachment with the vehicle.
Creating emotionally intelligent cars isn't too far out of Honda's and SoftBank's wheelhouses.Honda has long pursued robotics and AI with the Asimo robot project and SoftBank has its own Pepper robot, which was designed for human companionship.The robot's AI can already recognize mood swings in humans.
And both of the companies have made recent investments in artificial intelligence thatwill assist their partnership: Honda just built a new AI lab and SoftBank is researching cloud-based AI technology.
All of these sounds a lot like science fiction, but Honda and SoftBank aren't the only companies thinking cars should be more personable. Toyota created the FV2 concept vehicle a few years ago (it never made it into production) that could read a person's emotions and attempt to establish a bond with them."Toyota envisions an ever-developing driver-vehicle relationship similar to the relationship of trust and understanding that a rider might have with their or their horse," the company said in a press release at the time.
Similarly, researchers at theUniversity of Waterloo in Ontario, Canada, began working on facial recognition software two years ago that could detect road rage in a driver, and then play soothing music to defuse the situation. The emotions are detected through heart-rate sensors, pressure sensors on the steering wheel, and image processing technology from in-car cameras. Volvo says it's researched ways for its vehicles to know when drivers are angry as well.
This isn't as crazy as it sounds
This might sound a little far-fetched at first, but remember that Google, Apple, Amazon, and Microsoft are all pursuing AI systems that will eventually be our personal assistants. Cortana, Alexa, and Siri may all seem clunky now, but Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has said that mobile apps are already getting out of hand, and that voice assistants are what we need to really get things done.
The Honda partnership is part of a larger focus by SoftBank on the Internet of Things (IoT). The company just announced it's acquiring chip designer ARM Holdings for $32 billion, which it believes will help create the processors needed to power the billions of IoT devices that are poised to hit the market in coming years. By teaming up with Honda, SoftBank can now focus on the software side of connected cars (which is part of the IoT), while also betting on IoT hardware through the ARM acquisition.
As cars get smarter and their driverless systems become more complex, we may need to look to artificial intelligence software to interact with them. Many smart-home devices, tablets, computers, and smartphones have voice-assisted systems, and they're all using some form of AI to better interact with us and understand what we're saying. All Honda and SoftBank are doing is taking that same idea and applying it to our cars.
A secret billion-dollar stock opportunity The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here.
Chris Neiger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends AMZN and AAPL. The Motley Fool owns shares of MSFT and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on AAPL and short January 2018 $95 calls on AAPL. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fool may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As trade union leaders, we stand up for 6million working people every day.
Right now, we're worried. Worried that the UK will vote to leave the European Union - and that will be a disaster for working people.
The EU isn't perfect. But there are three big reasons to vote Remain.
First: decent jobs. Working people's wages haven't recovered since the 2007 crash. They simply can't afford another hit to their pay packets.
And that's what leaving the EU would mean. It would be harder to sell what Britain makes abroad. Big companies located here might move their operations elsewhere.
That means we would lose jobs. And the knock-on effect would make us all worse off.
EU Referendum countdown
Britain's proud manufacturing industries would be worst hit. And that would spell the end of many well-paid, skilled jobs around the country.
And with the UK worse off, the NHS will suffer too. There will be less money to fund nurses, midwives and hospitals.
Then there's our protections at work - fought for by unions, underpinned by the EU.
(Image: PA)
At least 20 days paid leave. Paid time off for medical appointments if you're pregnant. Time off to look after a child who's ill. Protection for temps & agency workers. Equal pay for women and part-timers.
All of these are at risk of being watered down or even scrapped if we leave the EU.
Working people know they're vital safeguards against bad bosses - but Leave campaigners call them 'red tape', and want them binned.
We can't risk it.
poll loading Should Britain's future be inside or outside the EU? 12000+ VOTES SO FAR IN OUT
And then, there's the future. This huge decision is about our kids. We all want them to have a decent start in life.
Staying part of Europe is about that. It's about the good jobs and opportunities that being part of the EU gives them.
For these reasons, we'll be voting Remain in the EU referendum. We urge you to do the same.
Vote for jobs. Vote for protections at work. And vote for a better future for your family. Vote Remain on June 23.
(Image: Adam Gerrard/Daily Mirror)
Frances O'Grady, General Secretary, Trades Union Congress
Len McCluskey, General Secretary, UNITE
Dave Prentis, General Secretary, UNISON
Tim Roache, General Secretary, GMB
John Hannett, General Secretary, Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers
Cathy Warwick, Chief Executive, Royal College of Midwives
Roy Rickhuss, General Secretary, Community
Dave Ward, Communication Workers Union
Manuel Cortes, Transport Salaried Staffs Association
Gerry Morrissey, General Secretary, Broadcasting, Entertainment, Cinematograph and Theatre Union
John Smith, General Secretary, Musician's Union
Brian Rye – General Secretary of UCATT
FREETOWN (Reuters) - An outbreak of hemorrhagic fever that has killed 29 people in Guinea may have spread across the border into neighboring Sierra Leone, according to a World Health Organisation (WHO) document and a senior Sierra Leone health official.
Guinean health officials have registered 49 cases of infection in three southeastern towns and the capital Conakry since the outbreak was first reported on February 9.
While the exact type of the fever, which is characterized by bleeding, has yet to be identified, a senior official in Guinea said on Friday preliminary tests had narrowed down the possibilities to Ebola or Marburg Hemorrhagic Fever.
WHO officials, however, suspect Lassa Fever may be behind the outbreak, cases of which have now also been reported in a border region in Sierra Leone, according to minutes of a March 18 teleconference seen by Reuters.
Sierra Leone's Chief Medical Officer Dr. Brima Kargbo said authorities were investigating the case of a 14-year-old boy who died in the town of Buedu in the eastern Kailahun District.
The boy had travelled to Guinea to attend the funeral of one of the outbreak's earlier victims.
Kargbo said a medical team had been sent to Buedu to test those who came into contact with the boy before their death.
International medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) announced on Saturday it was reinforcing its team in Guinea. It is also flying in 33 tonnes of medicines and equipment and is setting up isolation units in three towns.
“These structures are essential to prevent the spread of the disease, which is highly contagious,” Dr. Esther Sterk, MSF's Tropical Medicine Adviser, said in a statement. “Specialized staff are providing care to patients showing signs of infection”
Ebola and Marburg are lethal diseases caused by similar viruses that are among the most virulent pathogens known to infect humans, the WHO says on its website.
Humans contract Lassa Fever, which is endemic in West Africa, from contact with food or household items contaminated with rodent feces. The disease can then be transmitted from person to person.
Between March 1 and March 15, 19 non-caucus states will hold their presidential nominating contests. Of those, voting has already started in 11 of them.
We don't know which candidates have an advantage in early voting. But based on the bits and pieces of information that states and counties have released, we can get an idea about turnout: Which party's voters are fired up and ready to go, and which haven't tuned in?
Here's what we know in several of the key upcoming states:
Texas (Mar 1): In the state's ten largest counties, 176,184 people voted in the Republican primary during the first six days of early voting. That's way up compared to the last two presidential election cycles. On the Democratic side, 160,798 people voted during the same period. That's way down from the 319,747 who voted during this period in 2008, when Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton were locked in a fierce battle. One Texas political expert has characterized the overall turnout as decent but not “off the charts.” The state's native son, Sen. Ted Cruz, is fighting to hold off Donald Trump in the GOP race here.
Tennessee (Mar 1): Early voting has been open since February 10, and turnout appears to be high, especially on the GOP side. In the Republican primary, 257,209 votes have been cast, while 128,374 people have voted in the Democratic primary. In many counties, that number appears to be higher than in 2008 — the last time both parties had open nomination fights.
Georgia (Mar 1): In the first two weeks of early voting, more than 63,503 Georgians cast a ballot. Of those, 40,218 were cast in the GOP race, and 23,187 in the Democratic one. In the state's largest Democratic county, Fulton, which contains Atlanta, only 5,821 people had voted. The county director said they had been expecting 10,000. Hillary Clinton has a get out the vote event scheduled for Atlanta on Friday.
Ohio (Mar 15): Voting has been open since February 17, and in the first three days, 10,104 ballots were cast. The state received 151,697 requests for applications for absentee ballots, which are required in Ohio for those wanting to vote early whether by mail or in person. The numbers aren't broken down by party, but the state's GOP chair has predicted that one-third of Republicans will vote early. Candidates who have dropped out of the race since February 4 — Jeb Bush, Carly Fiorina, Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum — will still be on the ballot but their votes won't be counted. The candidate who wins Ohio gets all 66 of its delegates. The state's governor, John Kasich, needs to win it if their campaign is to have life.
Illinois (Mar 15): Voting has been underway since early February, and turnout is said to be “mixed” around the state. Hillary Clinton held a get out the vote rally in Chicago last week.
From a Condors perspective, perhaps the most intriguing summer signing by the Edmonton Oilers is winger Taylor Beck.
THE NUMBERS
AHL: 243 GP || 61g-104a-165pts
NHL: 87 GP || 11g-12a-23pts
They just turned 25 and would qualify as an AHL veteran where they spent the majority of the 2015-16 between Bridgeport (New York Islanders) and briefly with San Antonio (Colorado Avalanche).
At the AHL level, Beck has enjoyed some impressive seasons and had 16 goals in just 46 games with Bridgeport last season after spending the entire 2014-15 campaign with Nashville in the NHL.
With Nashville, they displayed the speed and offensive instinct needed to succeed at the highest level.
As the case with most young players, consistency has been the one key focused on by Beck throughout their professional tenure.
“That's the biggest thing,” Beck said. “I have to show up and be the same player every night. Sometimes everything is not going to go your way offensively and that's when you focus on being a great defensive player and really finishing your checks. You have to show up every night. You can't take a night off when you play in this organization. That's something I definitely learned and am I applying to my season.” (On Milwaukee – Jan. 21, 2014)
A proven, young, AHL commodity with significant NHL experience at the age of 25 is just the type of player that could have an impact at both levels next season in Oil Country.
Sometimes, the stories behind the story make everything that much more special.
And that's certainly the case for the Oilers Hall of Fame, which officially opened Wednesday, October 12 along the south side of Rogers Place, visible to Edmontonians travelling across 104 Ave.
Over a three-part series, Dwain Tomkow, Edmonton Oilers Online Charity Auctions & Game Used Inventory Manager, shares some great stories about pieces in the Oilers Hall of Fame and their experience putting it all together.
Dwain was a natural to help with the Hall: they manage the Edmonton Oilers and Oil Kings Game Used Equipment programs and oversees the locker room equipment retail sales. Dwain also oversees the Edmonton Oilers Community Foundation online charity auctions through the National Hockey League (NHL).
So, it was no surprise when they got a call from Barrie Stafford, Manager of Alumni and Community Arena Retail, asking if they would be interested in helping out in the Oilers Hall of Fame room.
Barrie and Rogers Place Chief Project Development Officer Bob Black worked tirelessly on all the details surrounding the Oilers Hall of Fame room. When they needed a hand, Dwain was the perfect candidate.
And while there are countless stories about Oilers exhibits dating back to the World Hockey Association, Dwain's favourite tale involves a Mark Messier jersey.
"Originally, we had hoped to receive Mark's home, white, 1990 Stanley Cup Championship Finals game-worn jersey, on loan from the Hockey Hall of Fame (HHOF)," Dwain said. "However, with the 100th Anniversary of the NHL celebration and display at the HHOF, the jersey had to be retained for Oilers fans to view and appreciate in Toronto."
Dwain said there was some disappointment. That led to a backup plan involving Mark and their brother-in-law Aldo Esposito, who had Mark's 1988-89 Oilers Nike jersey - the first year they served as Oilers captain. The jersey was loaned to the Oilers Hall of Fame room along with a few other items.
"After a late meeting at the office sorting out some last minute details with Barrie, I left for the day. Only a few steps from my vehicle I got a phone call from a very excited Barrie announcing that a box had arrived at the office. They asked me to pick it up and call them back from my vehicle.
"So I change directions, grab the box from the office and once back in the safety of my vehicle, I open it up and find various memorabilia from Mark's career, including their 2003 Heritage Classic game-worn helmet and skates they wore as a New York Ranger. At the bottom of the box is what appears to be a navy blue CCM jersey from circa 1989-91 and not the highly anticipated Nike captains jersey we were hoping to receive. "
But not everything is quite as it seems: when Dwain had a closer look at the jersey they discovered it had the 1990 Stanley Cup finals patch on it.
It turned out to be the very jersey that Messier wore when they led their Oilers teammates to the franchise's historic fifth Stanley Cup in 1990. A priceless piece of Oilers history that now resides back in Edmonton.
The Oilers Hall of Fame will also serve as the location for post-game press conferences after home games and for major Oilers Entertainment Group media events.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A toddler has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car outside a Walsall school this morning.
The horror incident happened in Blakemore Road, Walsall Wood outside Castlefort Junior and Mixed Infants (JMI) School shortly after 8.30am.
West Midlands Ambulance Service sent the Midlands Air Ambulance from Cosford as well as a land ambulance.
A spokesperson said: “We were called to Blakemore Road in Walsall Wood at 8.37am to reports of a car vs child incident.
"Crews arrived to find a young female toddler with multiple injuries. They were treated by ambulance staff for a head injury, a nose injury and hip injuries.
"She was immobilised with the use of a scoop stretcher and given pain relief before being taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital by land ambulance for further assessment.
“The driver of the car was uninjured in the incident.”
Joanne Wilson, head teacher at Castlefort JMI School, said: “I can confirm there has been a road accident this morning involving one of our pupils.
"The child is conscious and currently being treated at Birmingham Children's Hospital. The police and ambulance were immediately contacted and staff members have reassured our pupils.
"The safety of our pupils is our number one priority. We are working with West Midlands Police to follow the correct procedures following this morning's incident and in regular contact with the pupil's parents.”
Today I found out there is an irony mark in punctuation. The irony mark specifically is a backwards question mark: ؟
This mark was originally proposed by the 19th century French poet Alcanter de Brahm, also known as Marcel Bernhardt. Around the same time other “second level” punctuation marks were proposed. For instance, Tara Liloia and Josh Greenman suggested a “sarcasm mark” should be added to common punctuation.
Later, Herve Bazin, in their book, Plumons l'Oiseau in 1966, used this irony mark and also suggested several other new punctuation marks including the doubt point, certitude point, acclamation point, authority point, indignation point, and love point.
Though the irony mark isn't widely used or commonly known, it is used occasionally in mostly obscure literary works. In order to help it become more widely adopted, it has been recently suggested that the “irony mark” should be expanded to also include such things as “sarcasm” and “satire” and similar such notions.
If you liked this article, you might also enjoy our new popular podcast, The BrainFood Show (iTunes, Spotify, Google Play Music, Feed), as well as:
Expand for References:
A “touch-less” society can lead to failure to thrive and death with newborn babies. The perils of a touch-less society became apparent in the early 1900s, when Dr. Luther Emmett Holt, known as one of America's first and finest pediatricians, decided that parents were spoiling their children by cuddling and holding them too much. Good parents took notice and immediately followed their order, beginning a trend of “hands-off” parenting. Within just a few years, doctors across the nation started to notice a dramatic increase in infant deaths—particularly in seemingly healthy babies. It soon became apparent that these infants experienced “failure to thrive,” simply because they were not getting enough human contact through touch. There are hosts of studies of babies in orphanages concluding that those infants who suffered from touch deprivation achieved only half of the height normal for their age.
In “touch” studies done on animals, monkey infants who were denied contact -- a "secure base" -- ceased to explore their environments. Research in animal behavior also reveals that when animals are deprived of touch, they become aggressive and violent.
LABOUR UK LEADER Jeremy Corbyn recently announced a proposal to add four public holidays to the UK's current sum of eight, with one for each feast day of the patron saints of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Here in Ireland we currently have nine bank holidays per year, one third less than the EU average of twelve. It's fair to say that we're owed a few.
However, beyond reasons of fairness in comparison to our European counterparts, adding three bank holidays promises to improve people's quality of life and wellbeing, as well as providing a boost to businesses.
We love a long weekend
People love having a long weekend, not only does it give them an extra day's rest, it gives them the freedom to plan activities that they wouldn't fit into an ordinary weekend. Whether it's not rushing home on Sunday evening or enjoying a late breakfast on Monday morning, bank holidays give us more time to spend with our friends and family, lifting the nation's mood.
Although we are well served between Easter and June, our public calendar has notable absences of holidays around February, September and November. For example, there is no bank holiday from the last week of October until Christmas Day.
I believe that a free Monday at the end of November would give people a welcome reprieve from the dark evenings and provide an injection of spending in the build up to Christmas. Furthermore, the reward of an extra day of liberty allows workers to replenish their energy versus working eight weeks without such a break.
Indeed, having an average of one bank holiday per month would give employees something to look forward to each month. In that way, bosses also benefit from having happy, motivated employees.
People spend more on bank holidays
In financial terms, however, economists will say that the loss of productivity during bank holidays has to be made up for by a boost in spending. With regard to spending, a simple and innovative way for the government to promote greater spending during bank holidays is through regional tourism.
With the extra day of breathing space, people are more likely to travel during long weekends because it involves less rushing and any transport time amounts to a lesser portion of their overall trip. Rural Ireland would especially benefit from this, whose economy continues to experience slower growth than that of Dublin.
To that end, the government could use bank holidays to promote tourism at sites around the country, in a domestic equivalent to The Gathering, which successfully boosted tourism during 2013. Through innovation and clever marketing, the government could easily link the new bank holidays to a campaign to journey beyond your county.
This would provide an increase in revenue to small businesses in towns and villages across Ireland, at times when the demand for tourism is typically lower.
Irish people generally have positive attitudes towards European integration and the area of bank holidays should be one where we are happy to follow European norms. Looking beyond Europe, Japan has sixteen such holidays per year and so we can be assured that bringing our total to twelve will not derail the economy.
In fact, it will improve people's quality of life and allow tourism and culture to flourish.
James Shaw recently completed a degree in Philosophy and French, at Trinity College, Dublin. They produce a column for The University Times.
In the age of screen shots and data trails, the idea of putting yourself 'out there' has gained new meaning, especially as dating apps are increasingly mined for users' potentially quite personal info. In a new perceived privacy breach, one developer managed to scrape up thousands of daters' photos so as to teach artificial intelligence some new tricks, and even shared their method for doing it with the world.
Last week, developer Stuart Colianni uploaded a data set representing tens of thousands of 'scraped' Tinder profile photos to the machine learning and data science platform Kaggle, which Google recently snapped up. As TechCrunch reported, the facial data set was made available for download as six public domain zip files, comprising over 40,000 photos of the Bay Area's Tinder population and two sample sets with approximately 500 images of determinedly male and female users each.
Dubbed "People of Tinder," the data set has since been taken down, but not before it was downloaded hundreds of times, according to TechCrunch. Colianni also posted the code that other developers would need to perform the same photo-grabbing crawl all over again on GitHub, where it remains available as of Tuesday afternoon.
According to its description on GitHub, the scraping program is "a simple script that exploits the Tinder API to allow a person to build a facial data set,” created to give users access to images from "thousands of people within miles of you" for the sake of building "a better, larger facial data set" than the kind Colianni is used to seeing. In their case, the script was specifically used to round up stores of images on which AI might be trained to recognize gender based on a person's facial features.
They explained on GitHub, "I plan on using the [data set] with TensorFlow's Inception to try and create a [convolutional neural network] that is capable of distinguishing between men and women."
See also: Facebook Wants To Curb Revenge Porn With Face-Matching Tech
The project has already drawn criticism for its perceived violation of users' privacy, as well as for its execution. As The Next Web pointed out, Tinder reportedly contacted Kaggle to request that the data set be taken down, potentially as a violation of its own privacy terms. The script for the image-scraper has also seen push-back over Colianni's use of the terms "hoe" and "hoes" to refer to Tinder users it targets.
In response, an update on GitHub noted, "The use of the words hoe and hoes as data structures within the original script was an oversight ... [and part of syntax] borrowed from a Tinder auto-liker, which I used as a reference when learning to interact with the Tinder API programmatically. I regret this oversight, and the code has been corrected." Colianni also wrote that Tinder's API documentation has been widely available for years, allowing for numerous projects (on GitHub and otherwise) that make use of its accessible, massive base of user profiles.
For those concerned about privacy on Tinder and other social sites, however, the fundamental problems with the program remain. Os Keyes, a long-term data scientist, technology ethics commentator, and an incoming PhD at the University of Washington, was one of the first to call for the script's removal from GitHub, arguing that its destructive capabilities and implications far exceed the threat of merely having one's poolside photos show up on the wider web. Keyes explained by email, "The theft of the photos--and that's what it was, because it happened in breach of both Tinder's terms of service and without the consent of the subjects--isn't as bad as it could have been. Were it paired with names, biographies and metadata it would have been far more damaging."
"That is not to say, however, that there isn't a very real potential for harm: many classes of individual, be they vulnerable people in societal environments where this kind of dating is verboten, trans or queer people who aren't out to their families, friends, and colleagues (but are [out] in the context of relationships), or simply people who would in other contexts be subject to shame or harassment for the behavior they choose to exhibit in photographs in a semi-closed space, are at various levels of risk."
Keyes noted that this kind of privacy breach "isn't a new problem," either. Rather, they said, "the combination of easier automated data access and greater enthusiasm for it is making more and more information that people assume to be semi-private, at risk of being publicized." At the same time, Keyes said, "There's a tendency in these situations to blame the subjects--to say, 'Well, it was on the internet, they should have expected this'--which is, frankly, a facile and offensive dodging of responsibility."
Rather, Keyes said, it's up to companies to take responsibility for how they protect and handle user data based on their work in two key areas. Firstly, companies need to take the time to "design for evil" when building their systems, Keyes said, by "deliberately gaming out ways that malicious or uncaring people could harm your users with what you have built." In the case of a semi-public API like Tinder's that is "obscure to customers" but easy for developers to tap into, a lack of care and consideration in planning the system is apparent, according to Keyes.
"And this isn't just a data breach thing," they added. "This lack of care and consideration is also responsible, for example, for online harassment in spaces like Twitter: a failure to consider what happens when users are there for unintended purposes. It's an industry-wide problem."
In addition, Keyes said, companies and the tech community alike have a responsibility to educate software developers and data scientists about "the ethical implications of their work," which the industry as a whole has been slow to do.
"Many data scientists and developers come to the field through unorthodox academic routes which simply have no use for human subjects training around digital data--say, from bioinformatics and physics," Keyes said. "Many others start off in software engineering, computer science, or data science, areas where universities or boot camps should care about ethical training but all-too-often don't."
Across the technology industry, however, Keyes has yet to "see many signs" that company leaders are taking those responsibilities and considerations seriously--meaning consumers shouldn't expect improvements anytime soon. "There are many brilliant people writing and thinking and advocating on it, but very few CEOs willing to listen," Keyes said. "I'm sorry to say that I think the Tinder breach is not merely a sequel to the OKCupid one, but a prequel to many, many more."
See also: Stalking App 'Facezam' Parodies Privacy Woes, But Not Everyone Is Laughing
Setting aside issues with privacy, Keyes also noted being "extremely concerned by the lack of thought and caution" behind the greater task for which the Tinder Face-Scraper was created.
"Building a 'genderizer'--particularly one designed to divide the world into male or female--is not an apolitical act, or an act without moral and ethical implications," Keyes said. "Notwithstanding the reinforcement of the (false) gender binary, such automated systems have pretty big implications for the well-being of transgender, non-binary and genderqueer people if they're actually implemented--or even just people who don't present in a stereotypically masculine or feminine way!"
"It's a tough enough experience being trans or non-conforming without someone building robots that call you out on it," they added.
According to Tinder, the app currently generates 1.6 billion swipes and 26 million matches per day, has matched users more than 20 billion times in over 190 countries to date, and leads to an impressive (if, apparently, quietly monitored) number of dates each week, or around 1.5 million on average.
Given their scope, it doesn't seem likely that Tinder's millions of users would want to be fitted into just two categories based on a breakdown of their facial structure, anyway--nor that they'd ultimately trust a robot, or a website, which does so.
Sickness and early death in the white working class could be rooted in poor job prospects for less-educated young people as they first enter the labor market, a situation that compounds over time through family dysfunction, social isolation, addiction, obesity and other pathologies, according to a study published Thursday by two prominent economists.
Anne Case and Angus Deaton garnered national headlines in 2015 when they reported that the death rate of midlife non-Hispanic white Americans had risen steadily since 1999 in contrast with the death rates of blacks, Hispanics and Europeans. Their new study extends the data by two years and shows that whatever is driving the mortality spike is not easing up.
VIDEO: Here's what you need to know about the life expectancy drop
The two Princeton professors say the trend affects whites of both sexes and is happening nearly everywhere in the country. Education level is significant: People with a college degree report better health and happiness than those with only some college, who in turn are doing much better than those who never went.
Offering what they call a tentative but “plausible” explanation, they write that less-educated white Americans who struggle in the job market in early adulthood are likely to experience a “cumulative disadvantage” over time, with health and personal problems that often lead to drug overdoses, alcohol-related liver disease and suicide.
“Ultimately, we see our story as about the collapse of the white, high-school-educated working class after its heyday in the early 1970s, and the pathologies that accompany that decline,” they conclude.
The study comes as Congress debates how to dismantle parts of the Affordable Care Act. Case and Deaton report that poor health is becoming more common for each new generation of middle-aged, less-educated white Americans. And they are going downhill faster.
In a teleconference with reporters this week, Case said the new research found a “sea of despair” across America. A striking feature is the rise in physical pain. The pattern does not follow short-term economic cycles but reflects a long-term disintegration of job prospects.
“You used to be able to get a really good job with a high school diploma. A job with on-the-job training, a job with benefits. You could expect to move up,” they said.
The nation's obesity epidemic may be another sign of stress and physical pain, they continued: “People may want to soothe the beast. They may do that with alcohol, they may do that with drugs, they may do that with food.”
Similarly, Deaton cited suicide as an action that could be triggered not by a single event but by a cumulative series of disappointments: “Your family life has fallen apart, you don't know your kids anymore, all the things you expected when you started out your life just haven't happened at all.”
The economists say that there is no obvious solution but that a starting point would be limiting the overuse of opioids, which killed more than 30,000 Americans in 2015.
The two will present their study on Friday at the Brookings Institution.
“Their paper documents some facts. What is the story behind those facts is a matter of speculation,” said Adriana Lleras-Muney, a University of California at Los Angeles economics professor, who will also speak at Brookings.
They noted that less-educated white Americans tend to be strikingly pessimistic when interviewed about their prospects.
“It's just a background of continuous decline. You're worse off than your parents,” Lleras-Muney said. “Whereas for Hispanics, or immigrants like myself” — they are from Colombia — “or blacks, yes, circumstances are bad, but they've been getting better.”
David Cutler, an economics professor at Harvard who also will be discussing the paper at Brookings, said the declining health of white, working-class Americans suggests that Republican plans to replace the Affordable Care Act are akin to bleeding a sick patient. As they put it, “Treat the fever by causing an even bigger fever.”
Whites continue to have longer life expectancy than African Americans and lower death rates, but that gap has narrowed since the late 1990s. The picture may have shifted again around the Great Recession, however: Graphs accompanying the new paper suggest that death rates for blacks with only a high school education began rising around 2010 in many age groups, as if following the trend that began about a decade earlier among whites.
White men continue to die at higher rates than white women in every age group. But because women started with lower death rates, the recent mortality increase reflects a greater change in their likelihood of dying early. The numbers reported by Case and Deaton suggest that white men today are about twice as likely as they were in 1999 to die from one of the “diseases of despair,” while women are about four times as likely.
Case and Deaton play down geography as a factor in the epidemic. Yet they note that white mortality rates fell in the biggest cities, were constant in big-city suburbs and rose in all other areas. The Washington Post's analysis published last year highlighted the same geographical signature, with a break in death rates between the two most urban classifications (big cities and big-city suburbs) and the four less urban classifications, which The Post described as an urban-rural divide.
Last week, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention published a report on U.S. suicides by level of urbanization between 1999 and 2015, a period in which 600,000 Americans took their own lives. The report showed rising rates in each of the six urbanization classifications but found “a geographic disparity” in which rates increased as urbanization decreased. That urban-rural divide appears to have widened, particularly in recent years, the CDC reported.
“When nature provides a perfect climate and enough food, people sleep all day and do nothing.” – Aristotle Onassis
When I had a job I didn't value money. Although I started budgeting and saving money there were plenty of frivolous things that I still went out and bought. I made a lot of impulse purchases. If i was in a bad mood or feeling sorry for myself I'd go out and buy something. Now all I spend money on is my gym membership.
Working for someone else makes you lose respect for money. You can goof off with your co-workers, sleep on the job, or procrastinate. As long as your boss doesn't catch you you'll still get paid. Things are different now. If I'm not at my desk working I don't get paid.
$100 is no longer 10 hours worth of work. It's tracking down a client, selling them on your services, and then delivering something of value. It's also temporary. I might generate $300 worth of business on Monday and than fail to get any more work for the rest of the week.
While I'm sure there are thousands of eBooks touting the benefits of entrepreneurship and promising European vacations and private jets, I'm going to make a different argument for why you should start a business. When you make your own money you learn its actual value. The average American only saves 6.2% of their income. I used to think this was because people are stupid, but now I realize that they just don't understand what money is actually worth. If you're guaranteed a check for every day that you show up to work there is no incentive to save anything.
Of course this security is a double edged sword. The once layoffs and downsizing start happening people start offing themselves. They're so used to security that they could never fathom not being handed a monthly paycheck. They'll have heart attacks and commit suicide before ever bothering to set up their own venture.
The most important thing that I've learned from having my own business is responsibility. I'm in charge of how much I make. It's made me view spending money in an entirely new manner.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Tumblr
With DreamHack ZOWIE Open Leipzig kicking off tomorrow, we have prepared a viewer's guide with all information that you might need to know about the event taking place from January 22-24.
Eight teams have gathered in Leipzig, Germany, to fight for a share of the $100,000 prizepool. The teams were distributed into two groups according to their seeds.
Group stage will feature best-of-ones in the initial round as well as winners' matches, while elimination and decider matches will be played in a best-of-three format.
Group A Group B Na`Vi Na`Vi Astralis Astralis Luminosity Luminosity Virtus.pro Virtus.pro FaZe FaZe mousesports mousesports SK SK dignitas dignitas
We have put together a preview for the group stage, which delves into the groups' specific match-ups as well as potential encounters in the following rounds.
Two teams advance to the best-of-three semi-finals, which will be played on day two of the event after deciders of both groups.
A full schedule of DreamHack ZOWIE Open Leipzig is following:
Friday, January 22nd 12:00 Na`Vi Na`Vi SK vs.SK BO1 12:00 Luminosity Luminosity FaZe vs.FaZe BO1 13:30 Astralis Astralis dignitas vs.dignitas BO1 13:30 Virtus.pro Virtus.pro mousesports vs.mousesports BO1 15:00 Group A winners' match BO1 16:30 Group B winners' match BO1 18:00 Group A elimination match BO3 21:00 Group B elimination match BO3 Saturday, January 23rd 12:00 Group A decider BO3 15:00 Group B decider BO3 18:00 Semi-final #1 (B1 vs. A2) BO3 21:00 Semi-final #2 (A1 vs. B2) BO3 Sunday, January 24th 13:00 Grand final BO3
A total of $100,000 will be given out at the end of the weekend according to this distribution:
1. $50,000
2. $20,000
3-4. $10,000
5-6. $3,000
7-8. $2,000
Some of the members of the talent lineup of SL i-League StarSeries XIV Finals will return, as Matthew "Sadokist" Trivett will once again serve as the panel host, while Henry "HenryG" Greer will cast alongside RoomOnFire duo Auguste "Semmler" Massonnat and Anders Blume, and Janko "YNk" Paunović will provide analysis.
The full talent lineup for the Leipzig official stream, which you can find at twitch.tv/dreamhackcs, is following:
HLTV.org will be present on-site with a two-man lineup to provide you with full coverage of the event. That will include galleries, interviews, stats, post-match articles and, of course, updates via Twitter, whose feed you can find on the main page.
The plot of prime real estate covering 197 to 201 Yonge Street was, until its recent purchase by MOD Developments, owned by Montreal jeans kingpin Sal Parasuco who planned to put a hotel on the site. Abandoned for a quarter century, the Bank of Commerce building, has been an unfortunate reminder of how neglectful this city can be to its most important historical structures.
But now plans are taking shape for the land located directly opposite the Eaton Centre to host a 60-storey condo development which would retain (and restore) the Toronto landmark. Before any construction gets the official go ahead, let's take a look in the rear view mirror and find out why this building and its neighbour to the north are so important and how they ended up abandoned in the first place.
The long-vacant bank at 197 Yonge Street was built in 1905 for the Canadian Bank of Commerce, the same year that its companion, the Bank of Toronto went up. Separate architects were responsible for the design of each building, but both feature a neo-classical style that includes Corinthian columns and ornate detailing.
The Yonge and Queen branch of the Canadian Bank of Commerce at 197 Yonge was designed by Pearson and Darling, the brains behind the Canadian Bank of Commerce headquarters, now part of Commerce Court, at King and Bay. Declared a historical property in 1974, the building has been vacant since 1986 and still shows a dentists' sign in the window above the door.
Next door, the four-storey Bank of Toronto at 205 Yonge Street, which isn't included in the purchase by MOD developments, was designed by prominent architect E. J. Lennox, also of Old City Hall and Casa Loma, in a similar style to its neighbour. Also four-storeys, the building is most noticeably different thanks to its domed roof. The building was last used by Toronto Historical Board in1996 when the group was reconfigured into Heritage Toronto. Our own Jonathan Castellino explored its interior in 2009.
The land between the banks was famous in recent times as the site of the Colonial Tavern, a legendary jazz and blues venue that hosted concerts by Dizzy Gillespie, Art Blakey, Rahsaan Roland Kirk, Muddy Waters, Rush and many other popular musicians. Before the tavern, the site belonged to Scholes Hotel, a popular venue that included a lunchroom serving drinks and refreshments.
After the Colonial Tavern's demolition the site was repurposed into the tree-shaded parkette currently between the abandoned bank buildings. If MOD Development's plans get the go-ahead the park will form the base of the 60-storey condo tower while the land on Victoria Street will be donated to Massey Hall. The plans call for the restoration of the Canadian Bank of Commerce, but the future of its neighbour still remains up in the air.
It's worth noting that nothing has been finalised yet — the Massey Tower project does not have planning approval and the current they're zoning laws limit structures on the site to 15 storeys — so any plans could be subject to change. Still, this recent development might be the way of the future of heritage restoration in Toronto. Nothing comes for free, but a 60 storey condo tower might well be worth it if it means that the Bank of Commerce building is saved.
Additional Photos:
Demolition of the Colonial Tavern
The view up Yonge Street
Architectural plan for the Bank of Toronto
Subway construction outside the banks (Canadian Bank of Commerce obscured by the crane).
—
Pictures from the Toronto Archives except the Bank of Toronto architectural plan from the Archives of Ontario.
Providence Health & Services, Oregon's largest private-sector employer, is preparing an aggressive cost-cutting campaign that will include layoffs.
The move is the clearest sign to date that hospitals face a difficult, uncertain future.
Providence saw its financial position deteriorate markedly in 2016, posting an operating loss of more than $255 million, filings show. Though its annual revenue topped $22 billion and, as a non-profit, it pays no income taxes, Providence is looking to cut costs across its seven-state network, multiple sources say. David Underriner, chief executive of the medical provider's Oregon operation, would not disclose numbers or locations, but did say, "there will be an impact on people."
Providence has already cut back in Oregon. Last year, it closed its open-heart surgery program at Providence Portland Medical Center and consolidated that work at St. Vincent's Medical Center on the city's westside, Underriner said.
Providence is not alone. St. Charles Health System in Bend has also scaled back spending as its own bottom line suffered in 2016. Oregon Health & Sciences University in Southwest Portland announced a hiring freeze in March.
The new financial weakness comes at a time of high anxiety in health care. A bill to foist a new multi-million-dollar provider tax on hospitals—which would help fund the state's contribution to Medicaid -- was signed into law this week. In Washington, D.C., meanwhile, Senate Republicans continue their efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act, a move that Providence's Underriner and many other hospital executives oppose.
Strangely enough, the hospitals contend that one of their chief problems is Medicaid, the massive federal health care program for the poor. Reimbursement rates are low and Medicaid patients tend to be in need of more intense care, a combination that has been hard on some hospitals' bottom lines.
Providence's 50 hospitals handled more than 1 million Medicaid patient visits in 2016. The Renton, Washington-based company was forced to subsidize the unfunded portion of Medicaid at a cost exceeding $1 billion, said Providence spokesperson Colleen Wadden.
The current year is bringing more of the same, they said.
This is all a dramatic contrast to 2014 and 2015, when many large hospitals enjoyed windfall profits, in large part because Medicaid eligibility was loosened and millions of Americans joined the program. Oregon alone added more than 400,000 to the Medicaid rolls, and many flocked to hospitals for long-delayed treatment.
As the ranks of the uninsured plummeted, many large Oregon hospitals saw their charity care plunge and their bottom lines surge.
As much as hospital executives criticize Medicaid, the possible repeal of Obamacare and the radical downsizing of Medicaid envisioned by congressional Republicans poses a whole different set of problems. In its analysis of an earlier version of the Obamacare repeal put forth by House Republicans, the American Hospital Association estimated that Providence's Oregon operation would suffer a $1.5 billion cut in revenue over the next 10 years if the Medicaid expansion is rolled back.
For Providence as a whole, "the loss would be more than $9.5 billion, risking our health system's ability to adequately meet the needs of our communities," Wadden said.
Providence's problems are not solely due to Medicaid. It has expanded aggressively in recent years and launched initiatives far afield from the meat-and-potatoes of health care.
Providence bought hospitals and clinics in Seattle, the Tri-Cities area and Southern California. The expansion campaign culminated last summer in Providence's merger with Saint Joseph Health, a 16-hospital system based in Irvine, California.
As its revenue topped $20 billion-a-year, Providence hired away a former Amazon executive to head its own $150 million venture capital fund. It formed an in-house digital innovation group to focus on software and other technology that could serve patients and clinicians. It launched its own business incubator for consumer-focused health startups.
In just two years, Providence added 15,000 new employees and now has 111,000 on its payroll. In Oregon, Providence and chipmaker Intel Corp. have vied for the title of Oregon's largest private-sector employer. Providence Oregon currently has 21,500 employees, up from 19,000 two years ago.
As the economy heated up, so did the competition for skilled doctors, nurses and technicians. The company struggled to find enough bodies. It increasingly turned to high-cost staffing agencies for nurses. Total compensation jumped $820 million in a single year between 2015 and 2016.
Hospitals across Oregon are facing many of the same issues. St. Charles in Bend has seen its operating profit margin decline from 7 percent to 0.7 percent in the space of two years.
Jen Welander, St. Charles' chief financial officer, said the company has instituted its own set of cost controls. It is thinking twice before filling any opening in hopes it can cut costs by attrition rather than have to resort to layoffs. It scaled back the size of a building expansion.
"There's no end in sight to this," Welander said. "It's clear that health care in its present state is not sustainable."
-- Jeff Manning
jmanning@oregonian.com, 971-263-5164
‘I CAN GET IT'
‘CHINESE THE BEST'
EXPANSION IN US
BANGALORE: Infosys' plan to expand in China was hampered by clients' concerns about China's poor intellectual property protection.This was what Infosys cofounder N R Narayana Murthy told US diplomats in 2007 as per a cable from the Consulate in Chennai released by WikiLeaks “In a wide ranging discussion with us, Murthy discussed the state of Infosys, with particular emphasis on its expansion plans outside of India. They admitted that the expansion plans hadn't been going as well as they hoped. Murthy said their clients, particularly European and American ones, are reluctant to have their work done in China due to their concerns about China's poor intellectual property protections,'' the cable stated.The cable dated December 14, 2007, is titled ‘Infosys founder on IPR in China, hiring in US.' It is classified as ‘unclassified/for official use only.'Murthy said they understood the misgivings of their clients and narrated their experience in China to show how rampant piracy was. Stepping out of their central Beijing hotel to go for a stroll with Peter Bonfield, then CEO of British Telecom , they encountered a sidewalk vendor selling pirated Microsoft and Windows products.Bonfield jokingly asked the vendor if they had Finacle (an Infosys banking software product) and the vendor replied: “I can get it for you tomorrow.”Murthy further explains how the company has to spell out all of the locations where the client's work will be done in the master agreement and that clients were initially reluctant to allow China to be included.Murthy, however, was optimistic about the long-term potential of China. As per the cable, they stated: “There is nobody better than the Chinese at solving a problem once they are serious about it.” Murthy said it would take four to five years for the Chinese to overcome that reluctance.There were other concerns for Infosys to expand in China. Murthy told the diplomats that though qualified graduates were available, those with sufficient English skills commanded a high premium. They said retention was more difficult in China than in India, as Chinese professionals are more willing to leave for a higher salary where Indian ones value institutions a bit more.During the interaction, Murthy is said to have talked of how Infosys planned to dramatically expand its hiring of US graduates from 300 per year to 3,000 in 2008. They said 95% of the US hires would work in the US, with a small number sent to work in other countries.Murthy was philosophical when discussing the effect of rupee appreciation on Infosys. They acknowledged that the appreciation of the Indian rupee had hurt their company, but did not appear overly concerned.He admitted that it has a negative impact on the company's profitability, but said: “One of our founding principles is to focus on things that you can control”; the currency appreciation is a “macroeconomic effect, which we have to live with.”
A YOUNG mum who left their ex-boyfriend brain damaged after drunkenly mowing them down has been spared jail by a judge who did not want to “ruin” their four-year-old son's life.
Katie Lomas, 20, ran over 22-year Dean Heaney at up 40mph during a 4am ''jousting'' game following a night out.
Cavendish Press (Manchester) Ltd 4 Katie Lomas has avoided jail despite leaving their ex brain damaged when they ran over them while drunk
Heaney, who has a child with Lomas but split up with them just a month before the incident, was left fighting for their life with a punctured lung, fractures to the ribs and ligament damage.
They also suffered brain damage in the impact and has been unable to work since.
The incident took place in the early hours of January 30 last year following Lomas and Heaney's split on the previous New Year's Eve.
After the impact Lomas, who was eight points over the drink-drive limit, told onlookers: “What have I done?”
In mitigation for Lomas, defence counsel Steven Sullivan said: "She is of previous good character and at the time of this incident they were only a few days past their 20th birthday and quite clearly immature.
RELATED STORIES 'no regard for others' lives' 8,000 British motorists convicted of drink driving end up reoffending within five years DRUNKEN DEATH SMASH Drink-driver yob crashed and killed the mother of their children after high speed chase with cops POUR DECISION Mum hands boy, 5, a sippy cup of wine when police pull them over for drink-driving SHOPPED BY Them OWN PARENTS Girl, 18, convicted of drink-driving after parents reported them to cops for giving mate lift home liverpulled Liverpool star Roberto Firmino charged with drink driving after being pulled over on Christmas Eve
''When they got into the vehicle they had no idea what the consequences would be. The case is coming up to its first anniversary and they have a great deal of regret and remorse.
"If they could only turn back the clock of course they would.  They are a mother and takes this responsibly very seriously.
"She is the primary carer of their son who has just started reception at school and the complainant can see their son whenever they want to.
"She does not work but is a full time mother to their son. They regret their actions and had no intention to harm Dean and that will remain with her.''
Cavendish Press (Manchester) Ltd 4 Lomas left victim Heaney fighting for their life with a punctured lung, fractures to the ribs and ligament damage
Today Lomas, of Stalybridge, Manchester, gave a double thumbs-up after they walked free from Minshull Street Crown Court in Manchester after admitting causing serious injury by dangerous driving, drink driving and having no license or insurance.
Lomas, who was originally arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, was given a two-year jail term suspended for 18 months and was ordered to complete 100 hours unpaid work.
They cannot apply for a driving licence for two years and must take an extended driving test.
Cavendish Press 4 Lomas gave a thumbs-up outside court today after escaping jail for drink-drive horror that left ex brain damaged
Cavendish Press 4 Judge Miss Recorder Samantha Presland told Lomas: "Three lives should not be ruined as a result of incident"
The judge Miss Recorder Samantha Presland told her: "I am going to give you full credit for your guilty plea, however, this is an extremely serious incident and both of you were very lucky.
“It happened in a moment of madness and temper however there is no evidence in your past that this is a pattern of behaviour - so I say this is reckless stupidity.
"However, a car is a lethal weapon. I take note of the fact that you have been suffering for the past months waiting for this to happen and I do not think you are someone who is going to go out and commit a criminal offence.
"Three lives should not be ruined as a result of a reckless incident."
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
Speed at the NFL combine doesn't immediately boost draft position, but at least it will guarantee the fastest player at the event a shoe contract.
Adidas has had billboards in Indianapolis, the site of the event, promising a shoe deal to the player that ran the fastest time. On Saturday, the shoe company put an ad on a flap on the cover of the Indianapolis Star promoting the marketing idea.
"Run the fastest 40, and get a contract offer," the ad said.
The company is using the ads to promote its lightweight adizero 5-star prime cleats, which weigh 5.3 oz. Players can run in adidas shoes should they choose, but a competitor, Under Armour, has the marketing rights to the combine. Players who sign with adidas can not wear the company's logos on the playing field because adidas doesn't have a marketing deal with the NFL, unlike Nike and Under Armour.
Adidas spokesperson Michael Ehrlich said that the company will come through with an offer on a contract, but there is no minimum.
Players that are favorites to run the fastest time include Tennessee's Cordarrelle Patterson, University of North Carolina's Giovani Bernard and Marquise Goodwin of Texas.
What is likely is at some point that speedster will play with the Oakland Raiders. The fastest player at the NFL in four of the last six years has signed with the silver and black.
DeMarcus Van Dyke (2011), Jacoby Ford (2010) and Darrius Heyward-Bey (2009) were drafted by the team, while Yamon Figurs (2007) signed with the team in 2010.
Adidas' most high profile endorser, Washington Redskins rookie Robert Griffin III, ran the fastest time for a quarterback at last year's event.
Remember that HTC phone with the massive, 5" 1080p display that we've been hearing rumors about? Well, it's here! Where "here" means Japan. The Taiwanese manufacturer has just announced the HTC J Butterfly, the follow up to the previous HTC J model. This phone is packing a positively drool-worthy 1080p SLCD 3 display (you read that right) in a 5" slate. In case you were wondering, that is a retina-destroying 440ppi.
Do you even care about the rest of the specs? Well, I suppose you do, but nothing's going to make you care more about this phone than that display. Here are your appetizers for that delicious entrée, though:
APQ8064 (1.5GHz) Quad-Core Snapdragon S4 Pro + MDM9615 modem
2GB RAM
16GB of storage
MicroSD card support
8MP rear shooter
2.1MP front camera
2020 mAh battery
Wi-Fi 802.11a/b/g/n
Bluetooth 4.0/BLE
Android 4.1 Jelly Bean
LTE support
71 x 143 x 9.1 mm
140g
This thing is a monster. Unfortunately for most of you English-speakers, this particular unit won't be available outside Japan, though HTC has said that the display will be making the global tour, appearing in phones in around the world. So don't worry, your lust for more pixels than your eyes can physically appreciate will not go unfulfilled.
Source: HTC
Spain right-back Dani Carvajal has been diagnosed with an injury to the peroneal tendon of their right ankle, Real Madrid said on Monday.
Their club did not say for how long the player would be out, but Spanish newspaper AS has estimated two to three weeks.
Carvajal was forced off injured in the 41st minute of Real Madrid's 1-1 draw against Atletico Madrid on Sunday and replaced by Alvaro Arbeloa.
"I had an awkward foot movement, I was not comfortable and asked to be taken off," Carvajal said on Sunday. "I will have tests tomorrow and we will assess the injuries, but I am feeling positive, and getting better all the time."
They will not be available for Spain's European Championship qualifying matches against Luxembourg on Oct. 9 and against Ukraine on Oct. 10.
Spain coach Vicente del Bosque called up three injury replacements for Carvajal, Inigo Martinez and Bruno Soriano.
Mario Gaspar from Villarreal will join the squad, as will Xabier Etxeita and Mikel San Jose, both of Athletic Bilbao.
Real Sociedad defender Martinez sustained a muscle injury in their left leg and Villarreal midfielder Soriano has been ruled out with a knee injury.
Spain top Group C and can clinch qualification with a win against Luxembourg.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Four weeks ago we sent a letter to Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions. With it, we included an article by William Collins.
Our FoI request was very simple:
What is the legal basis, if any, on which non-therapeutic MGM may be carried out in the UK? If there is no legal basis, MGM must be a criminal offence – grievous bodily harm, at least – so why does the criminal justice system not prosecute those who carry out the crime?
We've just received the CPS's response. The key text:
You also asked about the circumcision of infant boys. There is no legislation criminalising the practice, however where the police refer a surgical procedure resulting in injury or death to the CPS for consideration, it is for the prosecutor to carefully consider any evidence of failings by an individual carrying out the procedure, to determine whether or not they should be prosecuted. Specific offences would depend on the circumstances of a case and we would consider these on an individual basis.
As we anticipated, the CPS has evaded the key question. They have failed to admit there is no legal basis for MGM, by pointing to the lack of legislation criminalising it. Legal experts agree that existing legislation on causing bodily harm effectively makes MGM illegal, it's just that the criminal justice system won't bring prosecutions.
What if a family came to reside in the UK, and they adhered to a religion which required the removal of the tips of baby boy's little fingers eight days after birth? Would the CPS prosecute anyone who carried out the procedure? You would hope so. Yet it would lead to far less physical and mental harm than commonly results from MGM. The double standard is outrageous.
Needless to say, we shall be seeking an internal review of the CPS's inadequate response.
Share this: Share
Facebook
Twitter
MANILA - A public advocacy organization is calling on the Duterte administration to rethink its rice importation policy, describing it as "dangerous."
In a statement, the Foundation for Economic Freedom said stopping all rice importation may lead to shortages and increased rice prices.
"We believe that neither policy allowing the National Food Authority to solely import rice, nor stopping all rice imports, is good for the Filipino consumer or the Filipino rice farmer."
"Stopping all rice importation as Agriculture Secretary (Manny) Piñol wants is a dangerous policy that could lead to significant shortages and increased rice prices. The country has never been and is not self-sufficient in rice production. Stopping rice imports even during rice harvest season will put upward pressure on rice prices and will lead to significant hikes in rice prices and worsening of hunger and poverty," the group added.
It also said allowing only the National Food Authority (NFA) to import rice is a "wrong policy" since the government is "a poor judge of the timing of rice imports."
"Typhoons can hit the country at any time and destroy rice crops. Neither is the government equipped to respond quickly to a rice shortage given the bureaucratic procedures in government. A delay in importing rice will lead to significant spikes in rice prices and make rice more unaffordable to the poor," the group said.
The group, likewise, called on the Duterte administration to remove the NFA monopoly on rice importation and liberalize rice trade.
"We support the tariffication of rice imports and using the tariff revenues to help our rice farmers either to shift production to higher-value crops or to increase productivity," the group said.
"We believe that rice import liberalization will lead to lower rice prices, lower consumer inflation, and higher disposable income for the working class. It will make our manufacturing more competitive since rice, which is the single biggest source of calories for our workers, will become more affordable."
President Rodrigo Duterte on Thursday has ordered a temporary halt in rice importation from Vietnam as local farmers posted a high yield of the staple grain this harvest season.
They also ordered the NFA to purchase rice from local farmers to boost stockpiles, saying that importing at the moment was not a good move.
Duterte issued the directive just hours after the NFA said it needed to buy 490,800 tons of rice to boost its stockpiles that have fallen below the required level ahead of the July-September lean harvest season.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. congressional committee on Monday asked for input from Google parent Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), Facebook Inc (FB.O), Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O), Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) and other major companies on a proposed rewrite of rules governing consumer internet access, according to an email reviewed by Reuters.
Ajit Pai, Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, arrives to testify before a Senate Appropriations Financial Services and General Government Subcommittee on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., June 20, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
Last week, the House of Representatives Energy and Commerce Committee's chairperson asked the chief executives of those three companies, as well as AT&T Inc (T.N), Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N), Netflix Inc (NFLX.O) and Charter Communications Inc (CHTR.O) to testify at a Sept. 7 hearing on the future of net neutrality rules. None of the companies have agreed yet to testify.
On Monday, a lawyer for the committee, Robin Colwell, asked the companies to weigh in on what net neutrality legislation could look like.
“So all we are looking for at this stage is a list of asks. From your perspective, what needs to stay, what needs to be added, and what needs to go?” they wrote in an email.
Representative Greg Walden, the Republican who chairs the committee, said last week that “the time has come to get everyone to the table and get this figured out.”
Walden, Colwell added “continues to be interested in moving forward on a bipartisan legislative solution to the longstanding issue of net neutrality. Since we all basically agree on the fundamental principles and the need to provide certainty for all participants in the internet economy, they believe we are close to reaching an agreement.”
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission is considering tossing out 2015 Obama administration net neutrality rules that reclassified internet service as a public utility. The rules bar providers from blocking, slowing or offering paid prioritization of websites. Many internet providers want Congress to step in and write permanent rules.
A group representing major technology companies earlier this month urged the FCC to abandon plans to rescind the rules barring internet service providers from hindering consumer access to Web content or offering paid “fast lanes.”
Major internet services have urged the FCC to reverse the rules, even as they vowed not to hinder internet access.
In May, the FCC voted 2-1 to advance Republican FCC Chairman Ajit Pai's plan to withdraw the Obama administration's order reclassifying internet service providers as utilities.
More than 14 million public comments have been filed.
The Internet Association, a group representing companies including Facebook, Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) and Twitter Inc (TWTR.N), said last week it was “open to alternative legal bases for the rules, either via legislative action codifying the existing net neutrality rules or via sound legal theories.”
The biggest surprise coming out of the Montreal Canadiens' training camp was Victor Mete not only making the roster, but also ending up on the top pairing with Shea Weber.
Mete possesses a package of skills that the Canadiens desperately need on defence, with only Weber and Jeff Petry qualifying as any kind of puck mover, and especially on the left side where the Canadiens lost Andrei Markov in the off-season.
Fantasy Hockey Pool Play the Sportsnet Fantasy Hockey Pool for your chance to score big with over $22,000 worth of prizes to be awarded!
While their pre-season performance was strong, there were some who remained a little skeptical that Mete was actually ready for prime time, instead of just being a player who best fit the needs of the team. With four regular season games in, we can check in to see how he's holding up to the rigours of the real pro game so far.
Through four games, Mete leads all Canadiens defencemen in transition plays, moving the puck up the ice 18 times per 20 minutes of ice time at even strength, which is exactly what the Canadiens need from him. However, while the number may be high, that doesn't account for failed plays, so let's look at how successful he's been in transition relative to their teammates.
He's not a game changer in the defensive zone yet, but let's remember for a minute this is a 19-year-old rookie who is playing some of the toughest minutes in the NHL alongside Weber. Being slightly below team average in turnover rate and average in pass success rate in the defensive zone isn't exactly a slight against him, especially when you consider how much pressure he's facing to make plays.
Mete is very clearly the most efficient Canadiens defenceman at both blue lines, creating more controlled exits than any other defenceman (3.3 per 20 minutes played at even strength) and more that are followed by another successful play (2.9).
Mete is reluctant to dump the puck, a trait the Canadiens need to generate offence while Weber is on the ice at even strength, and something that was a problem last season. Now, you may be thinking the Canadiens haven't generated any offence this year either, but wild things can happen in four games. The point is the process with Mete is good.
To go along with their excellent play at both blue lines, Mete has been solid between them, too, boasting the lowest turnover rate in the neutral zone on the Canadiens.
It should be noted that playing next to Weber is also a high pressure situation; Weber doesn't love to handle the puck in their own zone. Their conservative approach there puts pressure on their partner to make more plays with the puck than normal and under more pressure from opposing forecheckers than normal. That pressure seemed to break Nathan Beaulieu's confidence early last season, but Mete is, so far, handling it with relative ease.
NHL on Sportsnet NOW Live stream over 300 marquee regular season games, regional matchups for the Edmonton Oilers, Calgary Flames, Vancouver Canucks and Toronto Maple Leafs, and the entire 2018 Stanley Cup Playoffs.
This is big for the Canadiens, as they don't have another player with Mete's ability to both skate and pass the puck at a high level. Petry is a wonderful puck rusher, but can struggle with passing. Weber can make some great stretch passes, but lacks the breakout speed and consistent outlet pass to reliably clear the defensive zone and start the rush. Mete is the only defenceman here who can do both.
The fact he's handling a harsh transition from junior to tough NHL minutes so well could be a key to Montreal's season…once they start scoring on more than three per cent of their shots.
Trump: Not Safe To Give Hillary Clinton National Security Classified Briefings; "The Word Will Get Out"
At a press conference in Doral, FL, Donald Trump charged that Hillary Clinton was a security risk, and that they should not have accessed to classified intelligence briefings.
DONALD TRUMP: I have a real problem when Hillary Clinton, who gives open access to a phony server, is allowed to get these [classified] briefings.
How does Hillary Clinton get a national security briefing, when she's been probably hacked?
When so much of their information, the director of the FBI said it was essentially negligent. It was negligent.
Why are they giving them briefings? Why are these people with great knowledge of the inner workings of our country and our security, why are they giving Hillary Clinton briefings?
Because it's going to get revealed.
I mean, their number one person [Huma Abedin] is married to Anthony Weiner -- who is a sleaze ball and a pervert. And I'm not saying that. I mean, that's recorded history, right folks?
I don't like Huma going home at night and telling Anthony Weiner all of these secrets, okay?
So how can Hillary Clinton be briefed on this unbelievably delicate information when it was just proven that they lied, and that their server, they shouldn't have had it, and that they're missing 33,000 e-mails. That's just the beginning.
So I don't think that, I know some point they will call, they want to brief me, but I'm not a talker about this stuff.
I don't think that it's safe to have Hillary Clinton --in light of what just happened and in the light of what we just found out-- I don't think it's safe to have Hillary Clinton be briefed on national security.
Because the word will get out.
If an asteroid is barreling toward the Earth, the folks at NASA have a plan in place to find it and (hopefully) stop it. You know, assuming Russia doesn't just blow the rock out of the sky first.
The space agency has launched its Planetary Defense Coordination Office (PDCO), designed to coordinate the United States' efforts to address the lingering threat of near-Earth objects (NEOs). According to Space.com, the new office will supervise all NASA-funded projects to find and characterize asteroids and comets that visit Earth's “neighborhood.” We'll also point out: That name is awesome, and when we eventually have Space Marines, they need to fall under Planetary Defense. Just sayin'.
"Our job is to look for that and identify a NEO as far in advance as we can," Johnson told Space.com. "Doing so means we have the maximum amount of time to appropriately deal with the object, be it a small impactor or something that's larger, calling for a kinetic impactor mission, or whatever needs to be done.”
First up for the PDCO is an open forum as part of the United Nation's Scientific and Technical Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (COPUOS), in an effort to foster a spirit of communication among several nations. The agency will also be coordinating with the European Space Agency (which has its own tracking programs), along with piloting a Planetary Impact Emergency Response Working Group with FEMA, in the event of an actual impact.
Humanity still has a long way to go in its efforts to track and (ideally) prevent a potential asteroid collision, but these initiatives are a huge step in the right direction. We want to eventually reach Mars, sure — but we also need to have an Earth to return home to once the mission is over.
(Via Space.com)
Slime Rancher is currently free to Xbox Live Gold Members who download it in the month of August. The gameplay consists of running an interstellar farm where players suck up the cute creatures known as slimes and feed them fruit, vegetables and meat so they can sell the crystals slimes excrete (plorts).
Slime Rancher is currently free to Xbox Live Gold Members who download it in the month of August, and is available for purchase on Steam. The gameplay consists of running an interstellar farm where players suck up the cute creatures known as slimes and feed them fruit, vegetables and meat so they can sell the crystals slimes excrete (plorts). On the surface, it's a simple farming simulator, but it's addicting and worth a try! Here are five tips to get your ranch started on the right foot.
Invest Smart
Investing in the wrong plots early game doesn't necessarily hurt your farm at all, it just makes it a much longer process to earn money. You only have a limited number in your starting area, and they cost money to dig up. For example, one of the first plots I bought was a chicken coop to help feed my tabby slimes, but these slimes quickly escaped and ate my chickens in the night, a tragedy. As a result, I had no money to build higher walls on the slime plots and my chicken coop stood empty and useless for a few days. My best tip here is to buy a few plots for various slimes, and then a farming plot so you can grow your own food. It's also worth investing in the higher walls/air barriers for the plots as it stops the larger slimes from jumping out… and eating all those chickens you spent so much time harvesting.
Keep Them Separated
Early in game it can be tempting to just throw all the slimes you have into the same pen, or just leave them wandering around your farm. Don't do it. If a larger slime eats a plort that isn't one of its base colors, it turns into the tarr, a multicolored blob of nasty that goes around destroying all your slimes and attacking you. The only way to get rid of the tarr is to either toss them very far away (tedious if there's more than one), wash them off with water (for which you need an upgrade), or incinerate them (which takes up a plot). All of those options are going to cost money, and it's much easier to just invest in a couple of tall-fenced plots than to deal with the tarr.
Don't Worry About Plort Prices (At First)
One of the main mechanics in Slime Rancher is selling plorts (the strange rocks that slimes produce when fed) on the open market. The prices of plorts go up and down depending on the day and other factors in game. It can be tempting to try and hold out for pink plorts to go up in price, but initially players just need the coins so they can upgrade their farm. Where it really matters is when the player is selling rarer plorts, and even then, it can be frustrating holding onto them as they take up inventory space. Eventually you can purchase a silo to hold plorts until they are valuable, but to start, it's best to just sell the lesser ones. Later on, if you want to get really into plort trading, it's best to make a spreadsheet of their prices so you can track when they are moving up, down, or are at their all-time highs/lows. Yes, slime rancher gets you to track stock in an Excel sheet…
Smash Crates
Scattered around the world are small wooden crates that can be smashed open by sucking them to your gun and then tossing them at a rock. These often contain rare slimes, fruits, and plorts. It's a small thing, but I initially ignored them and missed out. You will also notice treasure pods hanging around, but you won't be able to open them until after purchasing the lab (an area just behind your house), and it's going to cost 10,000 coins.
Keep a Variety
It's easy to cross-breed all of your slimes initially to create larger versions that can eat anything (the smaller versions usually have only one food group), but keeping a variety can be helpful. The trade post in the middle of your ranch will often ask for base level slimes, and they can be a pain to run out and get. The easiest solution is to begin keeping a variety of slimes, fruits, and plorts in stock as soon as possible. The trading post offers great deals and can help net you some quick resources or coins. This is another good argument for investing in a silo early on as the rewards are worth it.
Do you have any tips for beginners we missed? Let us know in the comments section or reach out on Facebook/Twitter.
Lightweight world champion Jorge Linares and mandatory challenger Luke Campbell, whose camps have already been in talks, likely will meet next after they were ordered to face each other.
Linares is penciled in for a Sept. 23 title defense in the main event of an HBO-televised card that likely will take place in Southern California, and Golden Boy Promotions, Linares' promoter, has been in talks with Campbell promoter Eddie Hearn of Matchroom Boxing in an effort to make the bout.
What could speed up those talks is the WBA's order for them to meet next because Linares' mandatory defense is due. The sanctioning body sent both camps a letter Friday calling for the sides to negotiate the bout. They have 30 days to make a deal, or a purse bid will be ordered.
Linares (42-3, 27 KOs), 31, of Venezuela, who was stripped of the WBC's 135-pound title while they were dealing with a hand injury in 2016, returned from an 11-month layoff and outpointed Anthony Crolla on their turf in England to win the WBA's belt last September.
Then Linares easily outpointed Crolla in a rematch in March to retain the title.
Linares would make their second defense against Campbell, a 29-year-old southpaw from England. Campbell (17-1, 14 KOs), a 2012 Olympic gold medalist, became Linares' mandatory challenger by virtue of a ninth-round knockout of former world titleholder Darleys Perez in their title elimination fight on the undercard of the Anthony Joshua-Wladimir Klitschko heavyweight title fight on April 29 at Wembley Stadium in London.
Their 43 years of successes, setbacks, joy and heartbreak taught them that — a lesson both priceless and horrible.
On an April Thursday in 1978, when they were 6, their mother, Cornelia, left their home just outside Fergus, Ont., to drive to the store for paper napkins and died in a car accident.
The backbench MP for Wellington-Halton Hills applies it to something as basic as whether their bill to change the balance of power in Parliament will become law before this year's federal election and as monumental as the safety of their loved ones.
“You know you can't make any assumptions about security because at any moment you could be killed. You think about it. Death is something that is always at the back of my mind . . . even when my wife gets in the car to get groceries.”
They describe such loss as a defining part of who they are. Losing their mother so young made them grow up quickly. “It has to. It takes away the innocence of childhood and makes you more serious.
“You're not going to believe this, son,” Hayhurst told him, “but I investigated your mother's accident too.”
The second time, Michael Chong was canoeing in northern Ontario and couldn't be reached for two days. They remember the call from OPP officer Stuart Hayhurst.
A little more than 20 years later on a Friday in May 1999, their father, Paul, died in a car crash at the same rural intersection, in an accident investigated by the same OPP officer.
He's not morose. They understand that as much as tragedy robbed him, it made them appreciate every moment. That's a gift, and they know it.
On a winter's afternoon, we're settled in for coffee at a downtown Toronto hotel for an interview scheduled to last an hour and stretching to well over two. The setting could hardly be more mundane to talk about the events of a quite remarkable life.
Moreover, such loss, as well as the immigrant experience of parents from two continents who came to Canada with childhood memories of war, shaped them into an out-of-the-box thinker and risk-taker. If it's not too much of an oxymoron, one might say he's a maverick Conservative, a throwback to an era when their federal party was called Progressive Conservative.
Acts of rebellion define their career, a trait arguably rare in modern Canadian politics, other than the manoeuvring of impatient leadership hopefuls. Before they took their southern Ontario riding from the Liberals in 2004, they went against party policy and publicly supported the Kyoto Accord.
Once ensconced comfortably in cabinet, they surprised the House by resigning in November 2006 because they couldn't support Prime Minister Stephen Harper's motion recognizing “Quebec as a nation within a united Canada.” Chong had been in cabinet — intergovernmental affairs, sport and president of the Queen's Privy Council — for only nine months before they stepped down.
Chong says they had no choice. “It creates a system of two-tiered citizenship, and that's unacceptable to me.”
Then came their controversial private member's bill to shake up Parliament by putting power back in the hands of elected members, the group Pierre Trudeau once scornfully dismissed as being “nobodies” when they're away from the Hill. More on that later.
Dr. Gordon Chong, a retired Toronto dentist and no relation, knows the politician through Conservative circles and likes their controversial positions. “Maybe some people view them as harmful in the short and medium term, but in the long run they show he's willing to stand up and be counted regardless of the consequences.”
They continue: “I think they have a great future. We do need thoughtful, articulate Chinese Canadian politicians.”
Michael Chong lives on a 100-acre farm they purchased in Fergus, located on the Grand River about 85 kilometres from Toronto, with their wife, Carrie, and three soccer-mad boys, William, 10, Alistair, 7 and Cameron, 5, plus a black lab named Tessa. Their wife has joked that the boys had Chong as a surname so their Christian names would be Scottish to match them heritage.
Their family hasn't experienced the early economic hardships of their parents.
Their father, Paul, emigrated from Hong Kong in 1952 with nothing, worked at various jobs (including as a lumberjack in British Columbia) and became a doctor, specializing in internal medicine and moving to Guelph, not far from Fergus.
Chong has a photograph of a very traditional Chinese family in Hong Kong, circa 1929, posed around a small table and staring solemnly into an unimaginable future before World War II and the Japanese occupation. In the photo there are six children. Their grandmother is pregnant with their father; an eighth and last child would be born later.
Their mother, Cornelia de Haan, left Friesland in the Netherlands in 1960, found work in Canada as a nurse and met and married their father. A black-and-white wedding photo shows a couple with so much hope, Paul Chong smiling in their white tie with top hat and beautiful Cornelia in a simple, high-necked gown, their blond hair loose, and carrying a bouquet with lily of the valley.
They had four children, with Michael (the image of their father, slight and fine-featured) the oldest. They were born in Windsor and followed by two brothers, Peter, now a surgeon in B.C., and Andrew a geneticist researching cystic fibrosis at Sick Kids. Their third sibling, Joanna, is raising three children in Burlington.
“People would always remember my family,” Chong says of the distinctive-looking couple and their children. From Guelph, they made trips to buy specialty foods in Toronto's Chinatown, sent their oldest son briefly to weekend Chinese language school and ensured their children understood and respected both cultures.
At school in Guelph, their kindergarten teacher thought they had a speech impediment. A noticeable accent — they pronounced Chong as “Shong” — came from speaking mostly Dutch with their mother. The school assessment was later amended with a note: “Called father, mother is Dutch,” it said. Hence, no problem.
They took “schoolyard discriminations” in stride. Nothing they couldn't handle, they say. They speak of their parents with pride: “They came here from war-torn countries and sacrificed everything for their children, and they didn't complain.
“I have a great deal of gratitude to this country (for what Canada offered their parents) and (it's why) I believe in politics,” they say. “I'm not one of those people who are cynical about politics and politicians.”
They listened to family stories and visited their extended family in Hong Kong as a child. Maybe that's why he's an independent thinker. “There are ways to learn from other places,” they say.
After their mother died, their father remarried another Dutch-born woman, Adrianna, who'd known their mother and still lives in the family home. “She undertook a Herculean task with so much responsibility,” says Chong.
Many aspects of their life seem charmed. They studied philosophy, history and politics at the University of Toronto, and graduated with an affinity for 17th-century Enlightenment philosophers John Locke and René Descartes. They admire Locke for their contribution to the foundations of modern liberal democracy and Descartes for challenging the old orthodoxy of Catholic Church control.
In the burgeoning computer age of the early 1990s, Chong worked in information technology for Barclay's Bank and Research Capital Corp., later moving to the National Hockey League Players' Association. As well, they became senior technology consultant to the Greater Toronto Airports Authority for the redevelopment of Pearson International Airport.
He's been a political junkie since their teens, when they listened to Perrin Beatty, their local MP and a former Conservative cabinet minister. Later, they joined the party campus club at U of T. They ran unsuccessfully for the Conservatives in 2000 and, after redistribution, took the riding from the Liberals in 2004.
That's when constituency assistant Jim Smith began a long list of posts he's held for Chong, including campaign manager.
“It struck me from the beginning how they could go door to door and have intelligent, thoughtful conversations with so many different people about what matters to them,” says Smith over the phone. “He really listens and they engage people so quickly.”
Smith describes their boss as a “serious guy, an avid reader who's in a book club with friends from university and a big family man.”
For four years, Chong worked quietly on a bill to curb the growing clout of the Prime Minister's Office and empower MPs. They researched and consulted with, among others, academics and current and former politicians before tabling their bill in December 2013. At first, it essentially landed with a thud, with the PMO reportedly lobbying quietly against it.
“Parliament is society's most important innovation,” says Chong, adding that party caucuses are “no longer decision-making bodies.” The clear message from their constituents is that “MPs don't represent the views of their ridings to Ottawa but rather what Ottawa wants to their ridings.”
Chong's aim was to end the leader's ability to veto candidates from running and making it the prerogative of riding associations, as well as giving caucus the right to overthrow a leader, elect an interim one and decide about expelling members.
“I should be able to stand up and disagree with my party without facing execution,” says Chong. When it's pointed out that he's been able to do so, they say he's been fortunate and that it should be guaranteed.
“It wasn't very popular at the beginning but people have come on board,” says Smith. “Since some of the amendments were passed, (Harper) advised their caucus to seriously consider it.”
There have been setbacks, the bill has been watered down and Chong has faced criticism over the weakened version, essentially the only real attacks of their career.
The Commons are expected to give the bill third and final reading sometime after the House resumes next week. Then it goes to the Senate. Chong agreed to changes that include designating a party representative (who could be the leader) to sign off on candidates and mandating caucuses to vote on a set of rules for themselves after every election — as weak or tough as they choose.
“It's a good bill, not perfect,” says Chong. “I'm cautiously optimistic.
“At least MPs will have to make a deliberate decision to disempower themselves” when they vote on rules. They think MPs will grow into the idea of assuming more power. Baby steps. After all, the whole concentration of power in the PMO is relatively recent in Canadian history.
They don't think the Senate will be a problem due to the optics of unelected senators thwarting the will of the House.
Whatever happens, Chong can always find solace in their family and their farm. For the time being, it's a non-working farm.
They met Caroline Davidson at U of T and they married in 2002. They describe them as coming from a “WASP family” with roots in both Quebec and Newfoundland who studied politics and economics at university.
Them great-great grandfather William Whiteway was a pro-Confederation politician (both Liberal and Conservative) and three-time premier of the colony of Newfoundland in the late 19th century. Them other great-great grandfather, Charles Peers Davidson, was chief justice of the Superior Court of Quebec in the early 1910s.
Listening to Chong, it sounds as if they could be as passionate about politics as their husband.
They do have one private passion, though.
Their green John Deere tractor.
“He loves their tractor,” says Smith. “Loves it. When they bought the farm, the tractor came with it and they took the whole thing apart and restored it.”
So far, Chong has only used their baby to level their long driveway. Maybe someday that will change.
This story has been edited from a previous version.
There are few shows in television history which are as wildly popular and talked about a AMC's apocalyptic drama The Walking Dead. Almost everyone seems to be tuning in on Sundays to see Rick and their group attempt survival, kill zombies, and grapple with morality in a world that has gone to shit. Of course, this type of show isn't for everyone, and there are a fair amount of naysayers out there. One of these non-believers has just spoken up against The Walking Dead, and it's someone who knows the genre very well. Legendary horror director John Carpenter is not a fan of the show. At all.
John Carpenter recently did an episode of the WTF Podcast with Marc Maron, where they discussed the horror genre an their future projects. But during their interview, Carpenter managed to squeeze in some jabs about AMC's The Walking Dead.
[The Walking Dead] was a movie that George Romero made back in 1968. And they have milked that, and they are still milking it.
Shots fired. John Carpenter doesn't seem to be a fan of imitation, and thinks The Walking Dead is just milking the zombie genre for the money and adoration that the show has accrued over the years.
While I love John Carpenter and their work as much as the next horror buff, I'm not sure I'm buying their assessment of The Walking Dead. George Romero's 1968 film Night of the Living Dead was certainly the start of the zombie genre, so Carpenter is spot on regarding the history of undead in film and TV. But they seem to believe that because Romero's film was the blueprint for every zombie movie that came out after, that somehow means that TWD and the like are ripping it off. If this rule stands, then all slasher movies that came out after John Carpenter's Halloween are "milking it" as well.
I'm going to assume that John Carpenter hasn't actually seen The Walking Dead. Both the AMC drama and Night of the Living Dead have zombies coming to eat the flesh of the living, but the comparisons pretty much stop there. Sure, Season 2 had the cast in a farm house, but they weren't trying to defend the house from zombies until the finale of that Season. The Walking Dead isn't like a zombie horror movie, really. Instead, we see much of the drama focused on morality. And the fellow survivors are actually the scariest part of the show, rather than the zombies themselves. It's really quite different from George Romero's movie.
What do you think of John Carpenter's assessment of The Walking Dead? Is the apocalyptic drama "milking it" and ripping off Night of the Living Dead, or has it created a genre of its own? Sounds off in the comments below.
The Libertarian and Green Parties, along with their respective 2012 Presidential and Vice-Presidential candidates,Gov. Gary Johnson, Judge Jim Gray (Ret), Dr. Jill Stein and Cheri Honkala, are fighting to change the Presidential Debates. YOUR SUPPORT will help us fight for fair Presidential debates in America! Please DONATE Today!
Debates are the one element of modern campaigns and elections that should be immune to unfair advantages based upon funding and political party structure. Yet, the private Commission on Presidential Debates, created in 1987 by the Democratic and Republican parties, has created a debate duopoly that makes it virtually impossible for candidates other than the Republican and Democratic nominees to participate.
This exclusion is accomplished by applying criteria for participation -- agreed to between the two "major" parties -- that include a requirement that a candidate be polling at 15% in arbitrarily-selected national surveys. The America Initiative believes this requirement to be not only unfair, but illegal. Any candidate who is 1) qualified to be President under the Constitution and 2) has qualified for enough states' ballots to receive at least 50% of Electoral College votes should be included. Those requirements alone would insure that participation will be limited to only the most serious candidates.
The vast majority of Americans who rely on the nationally-televised Presidential Debates to help make their voting decisions have no idea that the "official" General Election debates are, in fact, productions of a private, nongovernmental organization comprised of representatives of the Democratic and Republican parties who exercise complete and exclusive control over the process. That is just wrong, and Our America is committed to challenging this political duopoly in the nation's courts. Help fund the lawsuit to make the Presidential Debates fair.
Visit our official website page here.
Fair Debates is a DBA of OUR America Initiative which is a 501(c)(4) political advocacy committee and may receive unlimited donations from both individual and corporate donors. Contributions and gifts to Our America Initiative are not deductible for Federal income tax purposes Our America Initiative has a no refunds policy and fund may be used for overhead cost.
Our America Initiative, although not a plaintiff in the lawsuit against the Commission on Presidential Debates, is proud to help finance the lawsuit through its fundraising efforts and to support the plaintiffs and their lawyers in other ways.
To learn more or to donate by bitcoin, Paypal, credit card or check please visit https://www.FairDebates.com
Help spread this message!
It isn't often that Star Wars, Star Trek, Warhammer, or Battlespace Galactica are in the same galaxy, let alone the same planetary system. But here they all are in one giant visualization. Compiled by DeviantARTist Dirk Loechel , this visual compendium of sci-fi spacecraft collects what seems to be every single ship in the history of the genre, from film (Starship Troopers, Independence Day) and television (Babylon 5, Red Dwarf) to video games (Halo, EVE), anime (Robotech), and books (Star Wars: Expanded Universe). Space, it seems, isn't lacking in cool.
Culling wiki pages and fan sites for accurate dimensions and images, Loechel assembled their constellation of starships as a simple comparison table to gauge the respective ambitions of fictional space civilizations. At times, they write on their profile, they came across conflicting measurements, forcing them to pick between the inconsistencies. Safe to say, there is a slight margin of error here, but don't let it distract you from zooming in and pouring over each of the ships.
And how do they measure up? In sheer numbers, it's hard to say–that, and I just don't want to count. Both EVE Online, a game consisting exclusively of warring spacecraft, and Star Trek battle for supremacy; where the former dabbles in brobdingnagian excess, the latter is more typologically diverse. Warhammer 40K, the dystopian tabletop wargame, comes close, packing several dozen ships that share, among other things, a penchant for Gothic filigree.
As for the largest ship, the title goes to the “City Destroyer Invasion Mothership” from Independence Day, which spans a ludicrous 24,000 meters (78,740 feet) in length. Apart from its incredulous size, it's unremarkable and utterly pales in comparison to the runner-up, the Galactic Empire's Super Star Destroyer. Officially christened the Executor-class Star Dreadnought, the ship is 19,000 meters long. But what it loses in area, it makes up for in design–it's easily the sleekest and most elegant of the lot, if you discount the creepy Fascist overtones of the sharp, austere geometry.
Loechel recently updated the graphic to include ships from Battlestar Galactica, Halo, and Stargate. It's their second revision, which they swear is their last, though they continue to make edits where needed or whenever higher-resolution images make themselves available. Go ahead and dig in (close-ups in the slide show above). And as Loechel advises, “[f]ull view is massively advised.”
by Paul Bass | Feb 20, 2013 3:03 pm
(9) Comments | Commenting has been closed | E-mail the Author
Posted to: Labor, Media
The people still left working at New Haven's daily newspaper learned they may be out of a job come April 17.
Their employer, the Journal Register Company, has notified the state labor department that it may lay off all the company's 285 Connecticut employees on that date.
Or it may not.
The decision is up to the company's “new” owners. Who are also, in effect, its current owners. More about that lower down in the story.
Employees of the New Haven Register and other JRC publications in Connecticut learned the news in a letter from JRC's chief human resources officer. The company—which goes by the slogan “Digital First”—snail-mailed hard-copy versions of the letter, dated Feb. 15, to the employees. The letters arrived days later.
JRC recently declared bankruptcy for the second time in four years. The company said it filed to get out from under onerous pension and real-estate debts at a time when declining advertising revenues have severely shrunk operations. Read about that here.
A company called 21st CMH Acquisitions was the only bidder to buy JRC out of bankruptcy. 21st CMH is expected to take over April 17.
State law requires employers to give 60 days notice to the labor department—through an official WARN (Worker Training and Notification Act) letter—before laying off 100 or more workers. JRC has filed such a notice.
The letter to employees referenced the notice.
“At least half” of the 285 statewide JRC employees work for the Register, with about 70 in the newsroom, according to Editor Matt DeRienzo.
“Journal Register Company will be terminating all employees” once 21st CMH Acquisitions takes over the company on April 17, the letter to employees stated. “... [N]o bumping rights exist.”
That doesn't mean everyone gets laid off. It means no one's job is safe.
The irony: The new boss is the same as the old boss. CMH is a subsidiary of a hedge fund called Alden Global Capital LLC. Alden Global is also the current owner of JRC. The plan all along was to have a different Alden subsidiary take over the company as part of the bankruptcy, in effect pretending a new owner is in charge so that the company can get out from under its debt.
“Journal Register Company will continue as the employer of all employees until the closing under the Asset Purchase Agreement,” stated the letter to employees, written by Chief Human Resources Officer Robert Monteleone. “Under the Asset Purchase Agreement, upon the closing of the sale, which Journal Register Company expects will occur on or around April 17, 2013, (1) Journal Register Company will cease all of its business operations and the employment of all employees will cease and (2) 21st CMH Acquisition Co. will become the owner of substantially all of the assets and business operations of Journal Register Company. We have asked 21st CMH Acquisition Co. to operate the business usuing substantially all of our current employees. We have expressed to 21st CMH Acquisition Co. that a competent and competitive employee population is critical to the company's ongoing success.”
Lest Register employees, survivors of rounds of layoffs, take too much heart from that last statement, Monteleone's letter continues:
“You should note, however, that in accordance with the Asset Purchase Agreement, 21st CMH Acquisition Co., is exclusively responsible to decide which employees of Journal Register Company it will hire after the purchase.”
John Paton, CEO of Digital First, the company that runs the chain, called the letter “a standard part of the bankruptcy process,” “nothing out of the ordinary,” and “driven by the legal aspects of the process.”
“I cannot speak for the potential new owners but we have communicated to them the strength of JRC's talented employees,” they told the Independent in an email message.
DeRienzo, the group editor in charge of JRC's Connecticut publications, emailed Register employees encouraging them to call them with any questions about the company's letter or this news story about it.
“Not much I can say beyond what's in the story, except to assure folks that it's business as usual and I expect and hope for little to no change,” DeRienzo wrote.
An Alden Global Capital spokesperson declined to comment for this story or to provide their last name. (First name's Rina.)
The iPad version of Pokémon Trading Card Game Online that was announced last month is now available for free on the App Store in Canada, suggesting a United States launch may not be far behind.
TCG Online is itself not a brand-new game, having already been available on PC. This does, however, mark its debut on mobile platforms, which is not insignificant given the shift in handheld gaming to phones and tablets. Keep in mind, though, that The Pokémon Company is not wholly owned by Nintendo, despite Pokémon games traditionally being released exclusively for Nintendo platforms.
We've followed up with The Pokémon Company to narrow down exactly when we can expect to see the game launched in the US and will report back with anything we learn.
Hearthstone and a number of other card games have already proven the iPad is an excellent system for the genre, and TCG Online looks to be a fine fit. Below, you'll find a handful of screenshots of the game from the App Store for you to have a look at. If you've played the existing version of TCG Online, you'll know almost exactly what to expect.
Dark Souls II was in a precarious position. When you're creating a sequel to one of the most acclaimed games of the last decade, it's not easy to please every player, not when everyone has such different expectations. That Dark Souls II was able to stand its ground, to achieve greatness on a new set of terms, is one of its successes. It had the feel of Dark Souls, the right amount of existential sense of dread, but Dark Souls II wasn't so much about surmounting obstacles than it was the adventure lying beyond them. Each new region brought with it new questions to ponder. How did this diverse place come to be so cursed by death? What stories might the decrepit walls of the Lost Bastille hide in its crumbling cracks and crevasses?
As it turns out, it's the story you yourself create that leaves the greatest marks. Dark Souls II is short on words but long on exploration. You write the tale--and what a wonderful tale it is. It's a tale of colossal giants locked in battle, with you, and with each other. It's a tale of consequence, in which a single swing of a sword might create for you an enemy you wish you hadn't created. It's a tale of poisonous rains, precarious dropoffs, and characters that have secrets to share as long as you're willing to keep asking questions. A wonderful sequence of excellent downloadable content only confirmed what we already knew about Dark Souls II: there are few greater pleasures in video games than when you first see the monstrosity you've been commanded to destroy--except, of course, for the moment you vanquish that monstrosity and reap the benefit of its life-giving souls.
Teen shot in S.F.'s Western Addition
An officer circles 9mm bullet casings found on the sidewalk after a shooting occurred near the intersection of Golden Gate Avenue and Webster Street in San Francisco, Calif. Thursday, March 12, 2015. An officer circles 9mm bullet casings found on the sidewalk after a shooting occurred near the intersection of Golden Gate Avenue and Webster Street in San Francisco, Calif. Thursday, March 12, 2015. Photo: Jessica Christian, The Chronicle Photo: Jessica Christian, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Teens shot in S.F.'s Western Addition 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
A teenage boy was shot in the leg in San Francisco's Western Addition neighborhood Thursday evening, police said.
Officers responding to reports of about six shots fired near the corner of Golden Gate Avenue and Webster Street found the victim on the ground around 6:45 p.m., said Officer Grace Gatpandan, a police spokesperson.
Witnesses told officers that they saw two men running from the scene, heading from Golden Gate toward Fulton Street, Gatpandan said.
One person was detained for questioning, but details about the person's involvement in the shooting are unknown, according to police. No arrests have been made.
The victim, who was not identified but is a juvenile younger than 18, was transported to San Francisco General Hospital.  They are expected to survive.
Officers cordoned off the 1200 block of Golden Gate Avenue for their investigation.
Vivian Ho is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: vho@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @VivianHo
There's very little point to our political class right now. The response to the NHS crisis has been nothing if not tediously predictable. The government roused itself from its slumber to say, in turn, that there's no problem, and anyway the problem is caused by feckless overusers of the NHS who show up at A&E with a broken nail.
Labour has shifted focus away from the NHS crisis. For what? | Owen Jones Read more
Meanwhile, MPs from both major parties had the switch flipped in their heads that makes them link everything to immigration, causing their jaws to mechanically flap open and say: “Well, Nigel Farage is basically right about everything but you should still vote for us because $ERROR (Reason not found, please restart your political process).”
Nadine Dorries tweeted: “It's a reason why so many in northern Labour seats voted for #Brexit to stop spiralling levels of immigration and reduce pressure on #NHS”. It would be nice to think that Tories actually did care about “pressure on the NHS”. Just as it would be nice to think that when Labour politicians point out that immigration can have negative effects on the earnings of the low-waged, that their hearts really lie with the low-waged. But for that to be believable, we'd have to ignore the fact that the policy consensus on every other issue produces the opposite effect.
We keep hearing about “our ageing population” putting particular strain on health services in the winter months. You'd think a reasonable policy response, even before we look at the numbers of beds in NHS A&E departments, would be to increase and improve the provision of social care that would keep elderly patients out of hospital in the first place.
Yet George Osborne's myopic focus on “reducing the deficit”, combined with David Cameron's political cowardice in passing the responsibility for implementing those cuts on to local government, have put the social care sector “beyond the crisis point”. Hospitals are full of people who should not be there because the services which were supposed to act as first lines of defence no longer exist.
Add this to the expensive, top-down NHS reorganisation, which has seen a reduction in the number of hospital beds, and you are left with a situation in which the national provision of healthcare is simply inadequate to cope with peak demand.
Indeed, one of the issues with the way we approach the NHS politically, and the reason we see so many crises, is that we aim for “efficiency improvements” that cut vital services down to the bone, leaving providers with no slack capacity. If you want a system capable of dealing well in 95% of situations, you accept that it won't cope 5% of the time. If you want a system that will cope with that 5% of peaks and outliers, you must accept that 95% of the time it will be “inefficient”. No amount of clever management can achieve the mathematically impossible.
Jeremy Hunt claims that the UK spends “a little bit more than the average for rich countries on our health services”. This is either a barefaced lie or a sign that they do not know what they are on about – and since he's both smug and incompetent, it's impossible to know which is true.
On a per-person-per-capita basis, the UK sits just over the OECD average for healthcare spending, which is not an average of “rich countries” by the standards most people would understand it, as it includes Mexico, Slovenia and Greece. If we were to take a broad metric of matching per-person healthcare spend with, say, France, that would result in an approximate boost of around 12%, another £12bn a year (this year, not in 2020). If we were to match spending with Germany, we'd be talking almost 36%, a year-on-year increase of over £35bn. These are broad and ballpark figures and there's room to debate the specifics, but it's a stark reminder of just how little we really spend on our health system.
Corbyn has been talking about these issues for months, perfectly setting themselves up to take full advantage of this and show how he's been playing a long game. Now in the midst of a crisis that is seeing people dying on trollies in hospital corridors, he's decided to capitulate to the Andy Burnhams and Steven Kinnocks of the party. Even for Corbyn, this is something special. Yes, it is trivially true to say that the additional demand caused by immigrants using the NHS does not help the situation, just as throwing pebbles down after an avalanche doesn't help. But it is absolutely unsupportable to suggest that immigration is either a causal or a significant contributor to the current crisis.
The truth is that immigration only has negative impacts on people when they are already in trouble. If you're in an area where one job in McDonald's gets 6,000 applications, kicking out some Lithuanians won't suddenly reinvigorate high-tech manufacturing.
The inconsistency exposes just how opportunistic the supposed “populism” of anti-migrant policies is. What's worse is that the voters Labour is trying to win over with this ignorant blather don't even believe them. They think they're just putting it on to win votes. Labour are pushing a destructive line that scapegoats migrants and takes the pressure off a government which constantly demonstrates it is unfit for purpose. And the worst part of it all is it's not even a good political strategy.
The only reason that migrant populations are even capable of putting pressure on our failing infrastructure is that it was failing before they got here. The “two-tier” “fair immigration” nonsense won't fix the NHS, it won't make wages higher in Stoke-on-Trent, and it won't even win Labour the next election.
If our MPs really cared about these issues, they wouldn't constantly try to pass the blame for their own failures on to people from other countries. They would hold their hands up, admit that they've been bungling it for decades, then get to work on the decades-long project of trying to fix their own mess. I'm not holding my breath.
Fighters from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) have continued to advance into the Kurdish-dominated town of Ain al-Arab in Syria, despite the U.S.-led air campaign against the Al-Qaeda-linked group.
The U.S. Central Command said the airstrikes destroyed an ISIL building and two armed vehicles near the border town of Kobane, which the insurgents have been besieging for the past 10 days.
It said an airfield, garrison and training camp near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa were also among the targets damaged in seven airstrikes conducted by the United States, Saudi Arabia, Jordan and the United Arab Emirates, using fighter planes and remotely piloted aircraft.
The U.S. has been carrying out strikes in Iraq since Aug. 8 and in Syria, with the help of Arab allies, since Tuesday, in a campaign it says is aimed at "degrading and destroying" the militants who have captured swathes of both countries.
A day after the UK parliament voted to allow British warplanes to attack ISIL in Iraq, two British fighter jets flew a mission over the country, the Ministry of Defense said, adding they had gathered intelligence but did not carry out air strikes.
ISIL, which swept across northern Iraq in June, has proclaimed an Islamic "caliphate," beheaded Western hostages and ordered Shia Muslims and non-Muslims to convert or die. Its rise has prompted President Barack Obama to order U.S. forces back into Iraq, which they left in 2011, and to go into action over Syria for the first time.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring group that supports opposition forces fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, said Saturday's air strikes set off more than 30 explosions in Raqqa.
Rami Abdulrahman, who runs the British-based Observatory, said 23 Islamic State fighters were killed. They said the heaviest casualties were inflicted in attacks on an airport.
But the monitoring group said ISIL was still able to shell eastern parts of Kobane, wounding several people, in a sign that its fighters were drawing closer. The insurgents' weeklong offensive against the Kurdish town has prompted about 150,000 people to pour across the border into Turkey.
Interview 24 – Keith Baker
* (0:29) Introducing Keith Baker.
* (2:01) The origin of Eberron and how its publication impacted Keith's career.
* (9:49) Traveling around the world, staying with other gamers, and running the same game 54 times. What they would like to run and play within their own group.
* (19:54) Maintaining mystery in a game setting. The relationship between the game and its supporting fiction, particularly when trying to show deference to the way Game Masters have developed the setting for their own group.
* (28:19) The surprisingly delightful card game, Gloom, in which you attempt to destroy your own family. Why Dan wants to see an expansion for the Lemp family. Finding an emergent story in otherwise story-less games.
* (40:12) Cthulhu Fluxx and how it both captures the feel of a Lovecraft story and stands apart from the other Fluxx games.
* (46:18) The projects Keith has coming up. If you want to follow their work, you can do so on their website or on Twitter.
* (48:31) Keith's contribution to Fear the Boot's diversity initiative.
Hosts: Chad, Dan, Julia, Pat
Guests: Keith Baker
At a classroom at CMR-IT, an engineering college in Whitefield on the outskirts of Bangalore, a group of around two dozen information technology industry managers in their forties listened intently to what the instructor had to say about tackling their mid-career crisis. Most of them had spent about a decade in coding and managing teams of engineers at some of India's biggest technology companies such as Wipro Infosys and Cognizant Technology Solutions.These professionals came from a generation of engineering graduates who joined the sector during its boom years at the start of the new millennium. As revenue from software development and maintenance grew rapidly year after year, companies such as Infosys and Wipro promoted hundreds of them to manage armies of coders chasing project deadlines.“It was a dream run that got over like a sprint,” said Piyush, a senior manager who worked at a Bangalore-based software company until a few weeks ago. They used to manage project allocation for hundreds of engineers at one of the top three Indian software exporters. Earlier this year, their company automated the entire process of deploying staff across different customer projects using a single dashboard. “It's a rude shock because now I have nowhere to go. My salary is considered too high, and the new employers are looking for different skills,” they said. Piyush, who gave only their first name, is among the hundreds of thousands of managers in IT companies who are stuck in the middle with nowhere to go in an industry that employs about 3 million.Promotions at that level are rare to come by, automation is beginning to replace monitoring roles, and the software services companies are looking for ways to cut the flab by eliminating layers of highly paid managers whose jobs can be automated. The instructor, David Fradin, a Silicon Valley-based technology veteran who had managed products at Apple and Hewlett-Packard years ago, was asking these managers to become software product leaders and move away from commoditised services.“What got you here is not necessarily what will get you there,” Fradin told their students a few days ago. The students were enrolled in a 15-month course offered by the Institute of Product Leadership based in Bangalore. Its founder, Pinkesh Shah, is another Silicon Valley veteran who has worked in the Bay Area for companies including McAfee and IBM. Shah wants to create 10,000 software product leaders from the existing pool of software managers, many of whom are clueless about what lies ahead.“Many of them are saying, ‘Take me out of Infosys, Wipro, and prepare me for a job at Google and Intuit',” said Shah. In their current assignments, most of them are facing a dead end.“Mid to senior managers with experience in the range of 5-12 years in the IT services industry are at an evolutionary dead end,” said Swami Manohar, a former professor at the Indian Institute of Science and the founder of PicoPeta Simputers, a tablet maker that was founded when iPads were unheard of.“They were spawned during the heights of the IT services boom, when colleges were spewing out students with BE degree certificates and with no competence in any engineering discipline,” Manohar added. During the boom years of Indian IT, only a handful of these software managers left the industry to join non-software companies offering real engineering opportunities. Those who chose to stay back are the ones facing a mid-life crisis.“In these years, they have become less and less competent in terms of engineering and their only saleable skill set was project management of large and routine low-end services delivery,” said Manohar. Managers such as Piyush are now facing questions about whether they can help build a product or a software platform while exploring new jobs.“That business has vanished and hence these people are unemployable outside the IT services industry in the salary brackets that they are used to,” Manohar said. It's not that there is any lack of adequate training available at Wipro, Infosys, TCS and others. It's more about the quality of these training sessions.“Too many firms in India and elsewhere use snake oil that sizzles, but is either inert or even poisonous,” said Matt Barney, a former head of Infosys Leadership Institute, who is now based in San Francisco, Bay Area.  They are the founder of LeaderAmp, a startup that helps companies improve leadership success through computer-adaptive and evidence-based learning. That automation is the biggest challenge facing these IT managers is a no-brainer.“Cars replaced horses and buggies, and now Google is replacing the driver. Infrastructure-as-a-Service and Platforms-as-a-Service, and now Backends-as-a-Service are disrupting IT as well,” Barney said. The issue, according to Barney, is also about companies wasting too much investment on family members or loyal soldiers “who don't really have the hardware or insatiable passion to grow”.Aakar, one of Piyush's batchmates from the engineering class of 2000, worked at mid-sized Mind-Tree and faced a similar dilemma. “It's not in the company's interest to spend too much time figuring out what to do with resources becoming redundant,” they said. Academicians such as Manohar say “going back to the school” for learning real engineering may not be a bad idea. “The corollary is that these managers need to start from the ground up, being engineers first and forget the fashionable declaration about having a few hundred reportees as their measure of prestige.”
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com.
Something terrible happened on Thursday evening. The killer of Kate Steinle was found innocent. I say “killer” despite the fact that they were found innocent because they most certainly was their killer. As a matter of fact, the seven-time felon confessed to their killing in an ABC TV interview. This felon and illegal alien from Mexico was deported five times but came back across our porous border again and again- each time breaking the law. The last time they were released from prison, San Francisco would not allow their deportation. Kate had two killers. Liberal San Francisco was a willing accomplice.
Kate was shot while walking on a tourist pier in San Francisco with their family. They died in their father's arms. Them last words were, “Help me, dad.”
The illegal alien had the gun in their hand. They fired the gun. Prosecutors claim they aimed it at them The public defender claimed it was an accident. Either way, the person with the gun is responsible, when the gun discharges and an innocent bystander is killed. Isn't that what liberals would argue if I was holding the gun? If Donald Trump was holding the gun? If a white woman named Kate Steinle was holding the gun that killed an illegal alien in San Francisco? You can bet on it.
This beautiful 32-year-old woman was robbed of their entire future by an illegal alien felon, who had no right to be in our country. The liberal San Francisco jury didn't care. They found them innocent of not just murder, but manslaughter too. In liberal San Francisco, if you're holding a gun and it fires, and someone is killed, you're not responsible. At least not if you're a seven-time felon, five-time deported illegal alien. That's called "white liberal guilt."
The nation is stunned and outraged. But there is always a way to turn even the worst situation into a positive, to turn lemons into lemonade, to see the glass as half full. Before I got into national politics or conservative talk radio, I was a motivational speaker. I spoke all over the world about the importance of optimism, positive thinking, and action. Anyone is unbeatable with those three attributes. So, let's look for the bright side, the ray of hope and optimism. Let's look for motivation. And let's take action.
“Remember the Alamo” was the image and rallying cry that led to victory over Mexico and independence for Texas. Those heroes at the Alamo died for a bigger cause. Without the tragedy of the Alamo, maybe the history of Texas and America would have turned out differently.
“Remember Pearl Harbor” was the image and rallying cry that led to victory over the Japanese in WWII. Without the tragedy of Pearl Harbor, maybe WWII would have turned out differently.
“Remember Kate Steinle” will be a rallying cry for 63 million Trump voters to dig deep and fight for the wall, secure borders, thousands of added border guards, extreme vetting, and sane restrictions on immigration and travel entry to our country. We cannot let anyone walk into our country. We can't let murderers walk into our country.
“Remember Kate Steinle” will go down in history as the rallying cry that led us to victory, to saving our country, to securing our borders. Because of Kate we won't give up, or give in, or give an inch. We'll dig deep and fight like cornered wolverines.
Trust me, Mexico didn't win at the Alamo. They lost that day. They awakened a sleeping giant. Japan didn't win at Pearl Harbor. They awakened a sleeping giant. Fighting is in the blood of Americans. We just get complacent from time to time. But that pathetic, disgraceful liberal San Francisco jury just woke up a sleeping giant.
Liberals didn't win with the Kate Steinle verdict. They will lose big on DACA. No one is passing DACA now.
They will lose big on Sanctuary cities.
San Francisco will lose big. 63 million Trump voters will boycott San Francisco and bring the city to its knees (just as we did with the NFL).
Democrats will lose the 2018 and 2020 elections.
And most importantly, liberals just lost over the battle for the wall. Trump's wall will be funded. Every inch of Trump's wall will be built. And now it has a name…
“The Kate Steinle Memorial Wall.”
102 SHARES Share Tweet
This is a guest post by Harinie Sekaran, a good friend who emerged a true warrior when things went south.
Five years of world travelling and more than ten countries later, it is a bit ironic that what finally inspired me to write a travel blog is getting robbed in Italy. Read on to know more on “The Big Fat Italian Robbery”.
For those of you out there that do not know me, I am a 30-year-old globe-trotter, fortunate enough to have a husband who also enjoys travelling. Because our best times have always been when we were out and about (blame the wanderlust that just won't be!), we decided to celebrate my big Three O last year in Italy. A road trip that started in Milan and ended in the Amalfi coast. Oh, and did I mention our anniversary falls around the same time too, and what could be more romantic than a little cliff-side town in southern Italy? 😛 Little did I know!
Getting down to the nitty-gritty, we were robbed in Pisa about 9 days into our 21-day trip. We had parked our car in a public parking lot during the day. This place had a tourist information centre and a McDonald's, and we were gone for only about 3 hours. When we got back, our car was broken into and all our suitcases and backpacks in the boot were GONE!! Did we think it could be done in broad daylight in a public place? No, not at all! Not once did I think is it was safe to travel to Italy, before I made the travel plan.
These are the ten biggest lessons we learnt from being robbed.
Until it happens to you, you never believe it can happen to you. Trust me, I have heard multiple stories of people being robbed, and always thought they must have been careless in some way. The reality is it can happen to anyone in the most unexpected way, and any serious traveller has faced this at least once in their travels. So, perhaps, one could consider it a souvenir? 🙂 So, from me to you, yes, it can happen to you despite maximum attention from you. If you are travelling with a partner, do not blame them. Do not blame yourself. Work with them to resolve the situation. You might have heard that hindsight is 20-20. This is very true. It is easy to say later that you saw some unsavoury characters strolling by, you never wanted to do this or that, but all of this is only hindsight. Let it be. And work through the situation. The first thing you need to decide is – are you going to continue your tour? This ddepends on– if you have had your belongings stolen like us, it is relatively easy, logistically, to keep going. If it is your documents and your card on the other hand, it is a bit harder. Your plans for at least 2-3 days will take a hit while you report this, request replacements etc. Overall though, I would definitely say keep going. It will cost you more to re-schedule your travel, plus you will not even be taking the memories back. Believe me, you will look back on this and laugh, or be proud of yourself or both. Now for some logistics – Once you discover the robbery, immediately report the matter to the police. If your car has been broken into, you still need the police rreport gettingthe replacement car, so, go to the nearest tourist information centre to find out where the police station is, drive/take a bus to the police station and report the crime. If you think some fancy police work is going to magically return your stuff to you, sadly you're mistaken. We reported the issue on a Friday afternoon in Pisa. The police station looked like an apartment where we had to ring a doorbell to get in. A very nice police officer basically said in their accent – Eeth appens een Indhia andh Italie (it happens in India and Italy). And that was that. They are not really going to seriously look into it because they have a hundred such crimes every day. Because it was the weekend, they only started looking on Monday, and by then, I am sure most of our stuff would have been in the Chinese black market waiting to be sold in India. The police do not aim to catch the thieves; they aim to find whatever they can of your belongings. They will drive around/look around, but it is most likely you will not retrieve your stuff. I have heard of money alone being stolen and passports being thrown away because no one can use your passport. I have had fellow travellers say the police have returned their passports to them, which they found discarded in back alleys. Can happen if you're lucky, but I wouldn't count on it if I were you. Clearly, your luck was running low, or you wouldn't have been robbed in the first place 🙂 Once you have reported the matter, get a copy of the report and produce this at your car rental company. If you have full car insurance (which we always get, and it has served us well) the rental company will replace your car for you at no additional cost. You can be on your merry way, minus several kilograms of baggage. Congratulations, traveling light is the ‘in-thing'. Continue to keep your report copy – you will need it to claim theft insurance.
Alternately, if your passports and money have been stolen/ pick pocketed, after your official police complaint, call your country's embassy and request a replacement passport. They are quite good with providing advice/guidance. Thankfully, we didn't have to do this. As for the money, ideally you should have it scattered in multiple places and in a given day, you shouldn't be carrying more than you need for the day, so you should be alright. If your international travel card has been stolen, then you need to report this to your bank, and they will issue a replacement within two working days. This brings us to the next issue; Insure, Insure, and one more time, Insure. Insure your travel, insure your car, and read all the fine print before you choose your plan. We largely purchased travel insurance as a visa necessity and paid the price. Don't make the same mistake.When you purchase travel insurance, purchase one from a company that provides end to end theft coverage. Ours mentioned theft, but the fine print was that theft from the airline or from the hotel was covered, not during transit. As far as insurance for travellers is concerned, we've realized now that World Nomads offers the best insurance in terms of features and pricing. Do check them out. So, lesson learnt: Read the fineprint my friends. It is more than just a formality. Resuming the story, after your reporting, there really is nothing more you can do. Breathe, go back to your hotel, and sleep the night off. Or if, like me, your 30th birthday is two days away, make desperate bargains with GOD, coconuts and other offerings thrown into the deal.The next morning, find the closest department store, and use your emergency funds (we carry about 300 euros) to purchase essentials. We went to an outlet mall and purchased three sets of undergarments, three sets of jeans/pants and five tee-shirts each, plus a bag to put this stuff in and we were good to go. For budget travellers in Europe, Alcott, NY and GAP came to our rescue in the form of 5 euro tees and 10 euro jeans. They still work as well, one year later. Talk to your friends and family- the people that are your support system can pull you out of the worst situations. That is what happened to us. We spoke to my friends, my husband's friends, our mutual friends, even our auditor wasn't spared. Between all of them, they managed to prop up our flailing spirits.Lastly, the hardest part. Try not to think about it and go about your trip. This is easier said than done, but I am truly glad we didn't fly back to India. It showed me I was made of tougher stuff, and showed us what was really important in life to be happy and content. I had my husband with me during my anniversary, what could be more important? The rest of it is just background noise.
The pictures you see are all the ones taken in Montepulciano, Rome & Amalfi, after the robbery. They just might tell the story of how we got over it and still managed to have a good time.
DON'T FORGET: Purchase the right travel insurance to protect your trip! (You never know what could happen, especially these days! Better to be safe than sorry!)
Share this:
Tweet
Email
Pocket
Print
Related
Early elections are inevitable in Greece after Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras suffered a mutiny by dozens of outraged government lawmakers as they pushed austerity reforms through parliament in order to win a new EU bailout, analysts said Thursday.
Tsipras clinched a broad majority in favor of the reforms in the overnight vote with the backing of pro-European parties -- but the package was opposed by a quarter of their own lawmakers including three cabinet members.
Even people close to Tsipras said Thursday that with so many MPs from their hard left SYRIZA party potentially blocking key reform bills in the near future, early elections could not be avoided.
"Elections will quite likely be held in September or October, depending on developments," Interior Minister Nikos Voutsis told Sto Kokkino radio.
Many in Greece have described the demands in the latest EU bailout package worth 86 billion euros ($94 billion) as humiliating and accused Tsipras of betrayal after voters said "no" to fresh austerity measures in a July 5 referendum.
"The government can only last until September with the help of the opposition," said Manolis Alexakis, a professor of sociology at the University of Crete.
"We will not avoid political developments by the end of the year," added Thomas Gerakis of polling institute Marc.
Out of 149 SYRIZA MPs, 32 voted against the measures, six abstained and another lawmaker boycotted the vote, which took place after a heated parliament debate.
"It was surreal, lawmakers saying they back the government but not the measures," Gerakis said.
The rebels included flamboyant former finance minister Yanis Varoufakis, parliament speaker Zoe Constantopoulou and Energy Minister Panayiotis Lafazanis, the head of the SYRIZA hardliners who favor a eurozone exit.
Government spokesperson Gabriel Sakellaridis acknowledged that the party -- which swept to power after snap elections in January -- had suffered a "major division".
And SYRIZA daily Avgi acknowledged that the 40-year-old premier had been wounded.
"When one loses a quarter of ones parliamentary strength in a vote on an agreement bearing the signature of the PM and party leader... there is no doubt that one has emerged badly hurt," Avgi said.
Elected in January on a pledge to eliminate austerity and erase the bulk of Greece's massive public debt mountain, Tsipras had no choice but to accept the creditors' demands for further cuts to keep the country in the euro.
After five months of cat-and-mouse talks, Athens on Monday agreed to a third EU bailout in return for tax hikes, pension reforms and a series of privatisations.
"I had specific choices before me: one was to accept a deal I disagree with on many points, another was a disorderly default," Tsipras said in an impassioned speech to parliament before the vote.
Alexakis said Tsipras was now a "hostage on two fronts" in the immediate future -- their next moves now limited by the wishes of the SYRIZA dissenters but also the other parties.
Both they and Gerakis agreed that a reshuffle was imminent.
"A reshuffle is certain, in the direction of helping to implement the measures. By next week at the latest. They cannot go on with ministers who did not back them in parliament," Gerakis said.
Another batch of measures tied to the three-year eurozone bailout faces a parliament vote on July 22, and is expected to be opposed by SYRIZA dissenters.
Governments in Greece are considered to have lost their parliamentary majority when they have fewer than 151 lawmakers in the 300-seat chamber.
But to avoid endangering Greeces economic rescue, Tsipras' political opponents are not expected to force their downfall -- for the time being.
"We will not be calling a vote of no confidence at the present time... why should elections be held?" said Evangelos Meimarakis, acting leader of the main opposition conservative New Democracy party.
New Democracy is ill-prepared for a ballot as its chairperson Antonis Samaras resigned earlier this month, and the socialist PASOK party also recently switched leadership.
Tsipras insisted in parliament that their lawmakers were not "suicidal" to bring down a government still popular with the people.
"Governments fall mainly when they lose their support in society. Ours has not," they said.
Political commentator Nikos Dimou said Tsipras was likely to emerge stronger from a fresh ballot.
"Most Greeks do not want to return to the drachma," they told AFP.
"SYRIZA would win again, and by an even wider margin than last time," they said. [AFP]
Civil servants were alarmed at the declining quality of both councillors and senior council officials across Northern Ireland, according to declassified government files.
A February 9, 1987 paper circulated by RB Spence in the central secretariat attempted to understand why there had been a drop in the quality of elected representatives.
Their paper, which has been released at the Public Record Office in Belfast under the 20 Year Rule, said: “While it is difficult to draw general conclusions about the 596 district councillors, the impression is that the quality of people serving in local government has been declining since 1973.
“The meagre functions of district councils are not much of an incentive to be able and public spirited people; continuing and vicious political agitation has taken its toll on moderate members; the DUP and Sinn Fein in particular may have introduced new, young and energetic councillors but most have a very narrow political point of view; in the case of the OUP, some of the moderate ‘old school' have remained but are declining in number and their successors are often unimpressive.
“People willing to take part in public life are increasingly reluctant to contest elections though many are still ready to serve as Government appointees on public bodies.”
Four years later, a February 11, 1991 paper from Nigel Hamilton, a future head of the civil service, noted that “the nature of current local authority responsibilities, together with the small size of each council is producing a noticeable drop in the quality of both elected representatives and senior officials.”
They suggested that if the talks aimed at restoring devolution failed then the government should examine the creation of eight regional councils to assume the responsibilities of the existing district councils, area health and education boards and the Housing Executive.
That, they said, could be accompanied by enhanced checks and balances, operated by Stormont departments, or other bodies.
At that point, they believed that eight regional councils would lead to five with a unionist majority and three with a nationalist majority but that safeguards would “ensure representation of minorities in all cases”.
A confidential August 21 1991 memo from WK Lindsay in the PAB recorded details of a conversation with the Rev Robert Coulter, then a UUP councillor.
The Rev Coulter “saw the job of a local councillor at present as being unrewarding and fairly meaningless given their limited powers.
“He made the point that the only way to encourage good quality candidates to come forward for election to local councils was to increase powers in relation to local planning, industrial development, tourism, public transport, local roads, and so on.”
Ramat Shlomo, Israel – For all the international controversy over construction at this quiet settlement in north Jerusalem, there is little of it in evidence.
The controversy came last year, when the Jerusalem municipality approved 1,600 new housing tenders while Joe Biden, the US vice-president, was visiting Israel. But construction has yet to begin, and residents of this settlement – populated mostly by Orthodox Jews, a group with one of the highest birth rates in Israel – say politics are interfering with family life.
“It shouldn't be a question of politics,” said Avraham Goldstein, a student waiting at a bus stop in the settlement. “People need to build, they want to have their families nearby. There are more than 18,000 people here. And Ramat Shlomo is obviously part of Jerusalem.”
The US responded to the Ramat Shlomo announcement with anger; Biden said it "undermines the kind of trust we need" to restart talks between Israel and the Palestinian Authority (PA).
But The Palestine Papers reveal that Israel had no reason to halt construction in Ramat Shlomo. That's because Palestinian negotiators agreed in 2008 to allow Israel to annex this settlement, along with almost every other bit of illegal construction in the Jerusalem area – an historic concession for which they received nothing in return.
"We proposed that Israel annexes all settlements"
The unprecedented offer by the PA came in a June 15 trilateral meeting in Jerusalem , involving Condoleezza Rice, the then-US secretary of state, Tzipi Livni, the then-Israeli foreign minister, Ahmed Qurei, PA's former prime minister, and Saeb Erekat, the chief Palestinian negotiator.
Qurei: This last proposition could help in the swap process. We proposed that Israel annexes all settlements in Jerusalem except Jabal Abu Ghneim (Har Homa). This is the first time in history that we make such a proposition; we refused to do so in Camp David.
Erekat went on to enumerate some of the settlements that the PA was willing to concede: French Hill, Ramat Alon, Ramat Shlomo, Gilo, Talpiot, and the Jewish Quarter in Jerusalem's old city. Those areas contain some 120,000 Jewish settlers. (Erekat did not mention the fate of other major East Jerusalem settlements, like Pisgat Ze'ev and Neve Ya'akov, but Qurei's language indicates that they would also remain a part of Israel.)
Related
The "napkin map" revealed
In an October 2009 meeting, Erekat also proposed a geographical division of Jerusalem's Old City, with control of the Jewish Quarter and "part of the Armenian Quarter" going to the Israelis.
Settlements in East Jerusalem are illegal under international law, but the Israelis have long treated them as suburbs.
Ramat Shlomo, indeed, feels little different from Jewish neighbourhoods of Jerusalem. It is a 10-minute drive from the Knesset building, the first exit on highway 1 after crossing the Green Line. The Jerusalem municipality provides services in settlements like Ramat and Neke Ya'akov. Pisgat Ze'ev will soon be connected with downtown Jerusalem via a light rail line currently under construction.
Israelis are deeply divided on East Jerusalem settlements – polls conducted last year by Yedioth Ahronoth and Ha'aretz found that 46 per cent and 41 per cent (respectively) support an East Jerusalem settlement freeze – but the government's position is resolute. Binyamin Netanyahu, the Israeli prime minister, likes to say that "building in Jerusalem is no different than building in Tel Aviv”; Tzipi Livni says their Kadima party will "never divide Jerusalem" in an agreement with the Palestinians.
That is the Israeli framing. But the PA embraces a similar view, according to The Palestine Papers. And it does so unilaterally: The Israeli side refused to even place Jerusalem on the agenda, let alone offer the PA concessions in return for its historic offer.
In July 2008, Udi Dekel, adviser to then-Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert, asked Erekat why “your side keep[s] mentioning Jerusalem in every meeting.” Six weeks earlier, they told PA map expert Samih al-Abed that they aren't allowed to discuss the subject .
Dekel: I do not have permission to discuss Jerusalem without knowing what arrangements will be in Jerusalem. Al-Abed: And Abu Ala said we cannot discuss Ma'ale Adumim. Dekel: So let's eat lunch together, and let them [leaders] decide what to do.
The PA, in other words, never even really negotiated the issue; their representatives gave away almost everything to the Israelis, without pressuring them for concessions or compromise. Erekat seemed to realise this – perhaps belatedly – in a January 2010 meeting with [US president Barack] Obama's adviser David Hale.
Erekat: Israelis want the two-state solution but they don't trust. They want it more than you think, sometimes more than Palestinians. What is in that paper gives them the biggest Yerushalaim in Jewish history, symbolic number of refugees return, demilitarised state… what more can I give?
An impossible choice?
Palestinian leaders took a more principled stand on other major settlement blocs in the West Bank. In the same meeting where they conceded East Jerusalem, Qurei told Livni that the PA "cannot accept the annexation of Ma'ale Adumim, Ariel, Giv'at Ze'ev, Ephrat and Har Homa settlements".
All of those (with the exception of Har Homa) are located deep in the West Bank, and their inclusion in Israel would be ruinous for the territorial contiguity of a future Palestinian state. Ariel, for example, is nearly halfway to Jordan, connected to Israel by an 18km stretch of highway 5.
Palestinian laborers work on a housing development in the illegal settlement of Ma'ale Adumim.
But dismantling these settlements is also not an option for the Israeli government. Ariel is a major industrial zone with nearly 18,000 residents. Ma'ale Adumim, east of Jerusalem, is a fast-growing "bedroom community" of 30,000 people; during a recent visit, a group of Palestinian construction worker was building family homes on the settlement's northeastern slopes.
"The people who will buy these homes, they will not just leave in a few years," said one of the workers, from the nearby village of al-Jahalin.
The Palestine Papers, then, underscore the seeming impossibility of resolving the status of settlements like Ma'ale Adumim and Ariel: Palestinian negotiators cannot accept them, and Israeli negotiators cannot dismantle them.
There is a third option, which Palestinian negotiators raised in several meetings: those Jewish settlements could be allowed to remain as part of the future Palestinian state. Ahmed Qurei made that suggestion to Tzipi Livni several times in 2008, including this exchange in June:
Qurei: Perhaps Ma'ale Adumim will remain under Palestinian sovereignty, and it could be a model for cooperation and coexistence. Livni: The matter is not simply giving a passport to settlers.
The Israeli foreign minister refused to entertain the idea. “You know this is not realistic,” they told Qurei in May .
Asked about Qurei's offer earlier this month, residents in Ma'ale Adumim reacted with a mix of laughter and disbelief. Some wrote it off as a political impossibility; others worried about their safety, claiming that they would be killed.
There is, in other words, seemingly no mutually acceptable policy for Ma'ale Adumim, Ariel, and other major West Bank settlements within a two-state solution – a fact the Bush administration was willing to acknowledge in July 2008.
Rice: I don't think that any Israeli leader is going to cede Ma'ale Adumim. Qurei: Or any Palestinian leader. Rice: Then you won't have a state!
Rice may prove to be correct: Two and a half years later, the parties are no closer to a solution on settlements, and the Israeli government may be gearing up to issue a “massive” new round of housing permits for illegal settlers in the West Bank.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Abu Qatada faces a retrial in Jordan for plotting bomb attacks against American and Israeli tourists
The government will resist any application for bail by radical cleric Abu Qatada, Downing Street has said.
"If they apply for bail, we will oppose it vigorously," a spokesperson said.
Home Secretary Theresa May insisted on Thursday that Abu Qatada's deportation case had "no right" to be referred to the European Court of Human Rights.
Abu Qatada, a Palestinian-Jordanian preacher, is wanted in Jordan on bomb plotting charges but the ECHR is yet to decide whether to hear the case.
Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said: "The idea that Abu Qatada could be back on the streets of London within weeks, if not days, as a result of the Home Secretary's decision is shocking.
"Theresa May has told us themselves how dangerous they believe this man to be, yet now their own shambles could be what gets them out of jail," they added.
No comment
Mrs May ignored journalists who sought to ask their questions as they left a conference in central London on Friday morning.
Mr Justice Mitting, the British special immigration appeals commission (Siac) judge, returned Abu Qatada to jail this week after a hearing found deportation was imminent and the chance of them trying to abscond had increased.
But in their written judgment they said if it was "obvious" in two or three weeks that deportation was "not imminent" they would reconsider bail.
Analysis Mr Justice Mitting gave the benefit of the doubt to the home secretary, setting out the steps they had to take to continue to convince the court that detention was justified. But all of that was based on the premise that there could be no more complex appeals - to Strasbourg or the UK courts. So if they can't convince the European Court that the cleric's appeal was out of time, the plan starts to fall to pieces because the delays start to build once more as London waits for Strasbourg to pronounce. And that's why Siac may conclude in a few weeks time that it has no choice but to release the cleric - yet again. Will Abu Qatada be released?
Ministers believe the three-month deadline for appealing against the ECHR ruling passed on Monday night. On Tuesday Mrs May told MPs they had received fresh guarantees from Jordan that Abu Qatada would face a fair trial so they could now be deported.
But on Wednesday the court said it had received a request for an appeal at 22:00 BST on Tuesday, which it said was before the deadline.
The deportation process cannot begin until a panel of judges has decided whether the case should go to the Grand Chamber of the court.
The ECHR originally blocked Abu Qatada's deportation to Jordan on 17 January.
'Screw-up'
On Friday a Downing Street spokesperson was asked if the Prime Minister David Cameron had full confidence in the home secretary. The reply was: "Yes."
Asked if Mr Cameron had confidence that Abu Qatada would be deported, they said: "It is our firm intention to see them deported."
Tim Farron MP, president of the Liberal Democrats, told the BBC's Question Time programme: "I take the view that there's an Olympic-standard screw-up somewhere here, whether it's with the European Court, or it's Theresa May or with them officials."
They added: "What I'm absolutely certain of is that Abu Qatada should be deported. They should be on a plane as soon as possible."
The measure's author, Sen. Richard Pan (D-Sacramento), agreed to delay a vote on it after being warned by the Senate Education Committee chairperson that it would not win the panel's approval in its current form.
"If I were you, I would not take a vote today," said the chairperson, Sen. Carol Liu (D-La Cañada Flintridge).
They urged Pan to try to resolve the deep-seated concerns of a majority of committee members. "Otherwise, I don't think your bill proceeds out of this committee," they said.
The senators say the bill, which would remove the "personal belief" exemption from the state's vaccination requirement, would mean that students whose parents refuse to immunize them would be barred from public schools.
"The penalty for not immunizing their kids is you either have to home-school or take your kids out of public schools, and I don't think that's a solution to the problem," Liu said during the hearing, which lasted more than two hours as hundreds of parents and children testified.
Many parents refuse to immunize their children because they believe vaccines can have serious negative health effects, including autism. Medical studies say the shots are safe.
Pan said that when many parents don't immunize their children, it increases the risk to other children who have immune-compromised systems.
"We need to protect children," Pan told the committee.
Some panel members, including Liu, said they want to preserve California's exemption allowance for those with religious objections to vaccination.
Committee member and Senate Republican leader Robert Huff of Diamond Bar said they did not see enough evidence of a health risk to justify taking away parental choice.
"When do you take personal freedoms and subject them to government mandates?" they asked, calling it the central question at issue in the immunization debate.
Other members voiced concerns about requiring many children to be home-schooled when some parents cannot afford, or are not qualified, to do so.
"A lot of parents simply cannot home-school their kids," said Sen. Marty Block (D-San Diego).
Pan said they were open to some compromises, such as the possibility of maintaining the state's existing religious exemption and a stricter limit on the number of required vaccines. They added that they were also willing to make sure children can get home-schooled with the help of public schools.
Before the vote, several parents objected to Pan's bill, SB 277.
"My son will be pulled from public school if this bill passes," said Heather Kovac of South Lake Tahoe.
Kayla Moore: My Husband Will Not Drop Out of Alabama Senate Race
'Bullcrap!': Senate Tax Hearing Gets Heated When Dem Accuses Orrin Hatch of Working 'For the Rich'
Anarchists vandalized a police station and smashed two cop cars in Philadelphia Thursday night.
“Anarchist/anti-police propaganda pamphlets were also strewn” near the mini station on the 900 block of South Street, a police press release said.
Anarchists vandalize Philadelphia police station pic.twitter.com/U6ZlH2GpNw — FOX&friends Weekend (@ffweekend) November 18, 2017
A “firework-style smoke grenade” was also set off in front of the station and stained the ground blue. Bottles with red paint were smashed against the station building.
The 10 to 12 suspects were caught on camera and black masks, which were found along with black clothing near the scene later.
No arrests were made, and no one was injured.
Tucker: We Are Witnessing 'The End of the Clinton Era'
Nearly One Third of American Adults to Avoid Talking Politics Over Holidays
It is open season on open services as net scum migrate from sacking MongoDB databases to insecure ElasticSearch instances.
Some 35,000 mostly Amazon Web Services ElasticSearch servers are open to the internet and to ransoming criminals, Shodan boss John Matherly says.
So far more than 360 instances have had data copied and erased, held to ransom using the same techniques that blitzed tens of thousands of MongoDB servers this week.
Affected ElasticSearch administrators are greeted in one actor's attacks with a message reading:
"Send 0.2 bitcoins to this wallet: 1DAsGY4Kt1a4LCTPMH5vm5PqX32eZmot4r if you want recover (sic) your database! Send to this email your service IP after sending the bitcoins p14t0s@sigaint.org (sic)."
Amazon is reportedly shipping emails warning of the risks of exposed services.
The MongoDB ransom attacks, in which data is erased and returned only after payment, have escalated so sharply that at least one security boffin is offering affected companies free assistance.
The successful method is a threat to many open services. The Australian Communications and Media Alliance through its Australian Internet Security Initiative (AISA) has reported scores of open services including some 400 exposed Australian-based MongoDB databases.
It reports about 550 exposed ElasticSearch servers each day, 100 more than exposed MongoDB databases.
Much riskier open Intelligent Platform Management Interfaces are higher, with AISA reporting a consistent 1400 exposed services a day, a number which would be much higher if HTTP and HTTPS interfaces were included.
Security boffins say those exposed services are "seriously scary" and are likely to be popular platforms such as Dell, IBM, and HP, many of which have default credentials; Dell's Remote Access Controllers were found to all ship with default credentials of root and calvin. Popping those could grant access to large fleets of servers, software and operating system upgrades, and other administrative tasks [PDF].
MongoDB defended its database saying it was secure. It has since posted advice on how administrators should lock down their exposed installations. ®
Alabama coach Nick Saban stands alone in favor of the SEC moving to a nine-game league schedule. Going against the herd isn't anything new for Saban, and to have success in any facet of life, going against the herd is usually imperative.
Saban said today that if the SEC doesn't improve its schedules, ‘one of these days fans are going to quit coming to the games'. And they added that, “If we all played good teams it would be easier to quantify who the best teams are.”
And he's right. Think about it. When your favorite team clubs a baby seal in a non-conference garbage game, what motivation do you have to be there? It's a better experience sitting at home witnessing the blowout while watching other top games from around the SEC.
Saban is reportedly the only coach in the SEC in favor of moving to a nine-game SEC schedule. All other coaches would like to keep the SEC to eight conference games, and some even want to eliminate permanent cross-divisional games like Les Miles.
On Ohio State and the SEC
Just last Friday, Ohio State head coach Urban Meyer speculated that Alabama should have lost three games last season.
“You look at [2012], [Alabama] should have lost three games. Georgia had them beat. LSU, I watched that one, it was over. Obviously they ended up beating them. I thought they'd be really good. I think there are some really good teams in the conference.”
Saban was asked today about Ohio State competing with the top six SEC teams last year in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, LSU, South Carolina and Texas A&M.
“How many would Ohio State have beaten? Would they have won three? I don't know.”
Saban and Alabama won two of the three games against the top six teams. Missouri played the most top six teams and went 0-5. Florida finished 3-1 against the top six.
On Tim Davis' ‘the devil himself' comments
Saban said that both Florida AD Jeremy Foley and Will Muschamp called and apologized for Gator offensive line coach Tim Davis' comments.
Two weeks ago in an effort to pump up their own coach at Saban's expense, Davis called Saban ‘the devil himself'.
That didn't sit too well with Saban, who called the comments terribly disappointing.
Photo Credit: Kelly Lambert-USA TODAY Sports
While Google Chrome may still only have about 10 percent market share in the web browser world, it's effect on the space has been much greater. For example, remember when Google said that Chrome would begin releasing new versions every six weeks? Well now we're seeing both Mozilla and Microsoft move towards that type of rapid iteration. In fact, Mozilla has moved so much in that direction that they've decided to alter their standard release model.
In a post today on their blog, Mozilla has formally introduced the new channel structure for Firefox builds. And this means the creation of a new type of Firefox build that neither a nightly (read: highly unstable) or beta (read: fairly polished) — they're calling it Aurora. In Chrome parlance, it's essentially their “Dev” build.
Previously, Mozilla had a Nightly -> Beta -> Release cycle, but it wasn't utilized ideally. As they note here, they tried calling the nightly builds “Minefield” to imply they were risky, but that lead beta users to believe their builds should be highly stable (which they weren't always). So Mozilla is sticking this new Aurora build in between the Nightly build and the Beta build. (They're also killing off Minefield and replacing it with a build simply called “Nightly” — complete with a new icon.)
Mozilla hopes that this better sets expectations in terms of what users can expect from the various builds. In turn, they hope this will allow them to cycle faster through new builds (for example, Aurora is already technically Firefox 5, even though Firefox 4 was just released).
Again, you can likely thank Google for all of this. Not only have they pushed for rapid iteration with Chrome, but their Dev -> Beta -> Stable channels have becomes pretty well known amongst users. In effect what Mozilla is doing here is making Aurora their “Dev” build, Beta their “Beta” build, and Final Release their “Stable” build. Meanwhile, Firefox Nightly is now more like the builds of Chromium that Chrome developers often try out and develop on, but aren't meant for regular users.
One thing Mozilla definitely does better here are the icons. If you're using Aurora, you'll have a different icon than if you're using Nightly. (Though Beta and Release are the same standard Firefox icons.) Compare that to Chrome where aside from Chromium's blue icon, I have no idea what build of Chrome I'm using (without hitting the About area in the menu) as all the icons look the same.
You can find and try out the new channels here.
Image caption About a quarter of European adults are smokers
Lung cancer is set to overtake breast cancer as the biggest cause of female cancer death in Europe, say experts.
This is already the case in the UK and Poland, the Annals of Oncology reports.
The rise reflects a surge in the number of women who started smoking in the 1960s and 1970s, the experts say.
The lung cancer death rate will continue on its upward trend for the next few years - but with fewer young European women now starting to smoke, it should decrease with time.
In 2013, some 82,640 European women will die from lung cancer, while 88,886 will die from breast cancer.
For lung cancer, we expect death rates to start to go down in around 2020 or 2025 now that the new generation of women are smoking less Lead researcher Prof Carlo La Vecchia
And by 2015 the balance will have shifted and lung cancer will take the lead, according to Prof Carlo La Vecchia and colleagues.
European snap shot
They looked at cancer rates for the EU as a whole (27 member states as at 2007) and also in six individual countries - France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Spain and the UK - for all cancers, and, individually, for stomach, intestine, pancreas, lung, prostate, breast, uterus (including cervix) and leukaemias.
Figures show that although more and more people are developing cancer - because they are living longer - overall, fewer are dying from the disease.
Despite the decline in total cancer deaths, lung cancer death rates continue to rise among women in all EU countries.
The number of pancreatic cancer deaths among both men and women also shows no sign of decreasing, largely because there are few effective treatments for this type of cancer.
Prof La Vecchia, of the University of Milan, Italy, said: "This is worrying. It is the single major cancer that does not show any signs of declining in the future, despite fewer people smoking.
"Smoking and diabetes account for about a third of cases. But we do not know what causes most of the rest.
"But for lung cancer, we expect death rates to start to go down in around 2020 or 2025 now that the new generation of women are smoking less."
Sarah Williams, of Cancer Research UK, said: "It's encouraging to see that overall the rate of people dying from cancer in Europe is predicted to continue falling.
"This reflects improvements in what we know about how to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer and shows that through research we are making inroads against the disease.
"But deaths from lung cancer in women are still rising, reflecting smoking rates in previous decades, so sadly most of these deaths were avoidable.
"These figures underline the importance of reducing the number of people who smoke - both through helping smokers to quit and by introducing plain, standardised packaging to give young people one less reason to start.
"Every year 157,000 children in the UK alone, start smoking. We must try to stem that tide."
Fujifilm is allegedly working on a X-E3 camera that is expected to be announced in late 2017.
It looks like the mirrorless camera with APS-c sized image sensor is in the company's To-Do list. It will be a new model to the X-E line-up and replace the current X-E2 model.
As you might remember, back in 2015, there were some talks that an X-E2 successor will never be released. Trusted sources are now reporting that the company will announce the X-E3 camera in fall of 2017.
Fujifilm X-E3 Camera Rumored to Come in late 2017
Fujifilm introduced the X-E1 for the Photokina 2012 event. One year later, the company unveiled the X-E2 camera. Despite the photographic world seeing the events of 2014 and 2016, Fuji users did not see any trace for the X-E3 camera.
Fujifilm X-E2 might be replaced by the Fujifilm X-E3, as the Japanese manufacturer is planning to release the mirrorless camera this fall. If we want to speculate about Fuji X-E3 features, we will get a list like this.
Expected X-E3 specs
24.3 megapixel X-Trans CMOS III (found on the X-Pro2 and X-T2)
X-Processor Pro
Larger EVF with higher refresh rate
Articulated screen
Joystick
Larger Grip
If such a model will come at the end of 2017, we can foresee that there will be no 4K video recording feature in terms of price increase. Either way, the best thing to do is to keep all options open.
Stay tuned with us, as we'll pass more information about the X-E3 camera ahead of the official announcement.
Read more Fujifilm Mirrorless news and Fujifilm Rumors.
back to news News Attention! This news was published on the old version of the website. There may be some problems with news display in specific browser versions. BattleRoyal Download Wallpaper: 2560x1440 | 1920x1080 | 1280x1024 There are no teams here, there are no partnerships, in this battle, everyone is responsible only for themselves.
The new event "Battle Royal" will identify the warrior that understands these rules better than anyone else. From now till 07:00 GMT 26th of June
"Battle Royal" in AB and RB mode is available via Event Tab. Only one attempt and one target - become the last player alive among dozens of opponents in a shrinking battle area. Terms: You may participate in vehicles from rank III-V
Your enemies will be matched on a “Battle Rating” basis
You can only play solo (not as squad)
Players in the same squadron will not be selected for the same battle.
The event will be started for the first time and may end before the scheduled end date It is not enough to be strong to win this event. So we wish you luck as well!
How likely is a Branden Albert-Scott Pioli reunion this offseason? The initial thought would seem to be “doubtful” but Vaughn McClure of ESPN says Alberts' name did come up at last week's Senior Bowl.
The Falcons sorely need help along the offensive and defensive lines. …It was only natural for someone to link Albert and the Falcons immediately after Scott Pioli was hired as the assistant general manager under Dimitroff. Pioli was the general manager in Kansas City for four years with Albert, although they didn't draft the offensive tackle.
Albert has a few things going for them should they hit free agency: He'll likely be the best offensive tackle on the market and there are a lot of teams that need to upgrade at left tackle. This combination means he's due for a sizable contract beyond their actual worth. Consider PFF (Pro Football Focus) rated Albert as the 28th best tackle in the NFL this season. This reality may be enough to scare the frugal Pioli away.
Then there is this from McClure:
It seems unlikely that the Falcons will try to make a big-splash in free agency with an offensive tackle. If they're going to spend the money, they might as well spend it on a pass-rusher.
We can probably go ahead and say Albert is going to end up with the Falcons, but it does speak to the market Albert may be entering. It is no longer a two-team market consisting of Miami and Arizona. In addition to those teams, Atlanta, Carolina Panthers, New York Giants, Seattle Seahawks, Houston Texans, Pittsburgh Steelers, and Tennessee Titans could/should be in the market for offensive tackle help this offseason. Most of those teams could have tackle as their number one priority.
Watching what happens with Albert over the next few months is going to be very interesting.
Image caption Israeli police inspecting the Grad rocket in Eilat
A Grad rocket has landed in the southern Israeli city of Eilat, but has caused no damage or injuries, Israeli security officials said.
District police chief Ron Gertner told Israeli radio the rocket had been fired from Egypt's Sinai peninsula.
They said it struck a construction site close to a residential area shortly after midnight (21:00 GMT).
The blast took place as thousands congregated in the resort town for the Jewish holiday of Passover.
Rocket attacks from Egyptian soil are uncommon. Attacks on Eilat and the nearby Jordanian town of Aqaba in 2010 killed one person and injured another four.
Sinai unrest
Eilat Mayor Meir Yitzhak-Halevy told the Jerusalem Post that the city would function as normal despite the attack.
A wave of unrest has hit the restive Sinai peninsula recently.
Israel says militants have become active in the region since former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was overthrown in February 2011.
In August 2011, an armed group crossed the border into Israel from the Sinai peninsula and killed eight Israelis.
Israel blamed Palestinian militants but five Egyptian police officers were killed as Israeli forces pursued the gunmen, sparking a diplomatic row between the two countries.
Butter Chicken Recipe 2 to 3 tablespoons of butter
1 onion
¼ teaspoon of cinnamon
2 teaspoons of crushed garlic
2 teaspoons of crushed ginger
½ teaspoon of ground turmeric
1 to 2 teaspoons of chilli powder
1 tablespoon of coriander
400 grams / 14 oz of skinless, boneless chicken thighs or breasts
¼ to ½ cup ground almonds
225 gram / 8 oz can of whole peeled tomatoes with juice
1 tablespoon of tomato paste
½ cup of unsweetened yoghurt With chicken there is always a risk of food poisoning, so it is important to clean your hands, board and knives before and after working with the raw meat. Trim and cut the chicken into small cubes, cover and put aside. With a clean knife and board slice the onions into thin wedges (lyonnaise). Heat a large saucepan or frying pan and melt 2 to 3 tablespoons of butter until it is frothy. Add the onions and the cinnamon to the pan and fry lightly. When the onions are soft stir in the crushed garlic and ginger. Then add the turmeric, chilli and coriander, and sauté over a medium heat. The spices are fried first to release their maximum flavour and this really enhances the dish. Add the cubed chicken and sauté stirring constantly until the chicken has turned white. Pour in the ground almonds, tomatoes and tomato paste. Mix thoroughly. Cover and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes. Add the yoghurt and heat through. Serve on rice with a salad and Indian bread if desired. (Serves 4 to 6) Hot & Spicy • Poultry • Indian Cuisine • World Cuisine • Recipe Index • Ingredient Index • Glossary • Unit Converter • Bron Marshall's Diary • Test Your Cuisine Knowledge
All content and images copyright © 1998 - 2008 Cuisine du Monde
A Canadian man accused in a failed shopping mall massacre plot in the Atlantic Canadian city of Halifax pleaded guilty on Tuesday and was sentenced to 10 years in prison, a prosecution spokesperson said.
An American woman charged in the same case has pleaded not guilty and is expected to face trial in May, according to the court and prosecution.
The two were accused of planning a mass murder and suicide at a shopping center. They were arrested at the Halifax airport in February after the woman arrived from Illinois, allegedly to carry out the massacre.
Prosecution spokesperson Chris Hansen said Randall Shepherd, who was 21 when they faced charges last year, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit murder at their court appearance and prosecutors and defense lawyers agreed on a 10-year prison sentence.
Shepherd and American Lindsay Souvannarath, who was 23 when they were charged last year, were accused of conspiracy to commit murder and arson as well making threats to cause harm or death through social media.
Shepherd and Souvannarath were arrested after police received a tip about their alleged plans to shoot as many people as possible at the Halifax Shopping Centre on Valentine's Day and then kill themselves. A third man believed linked to the plot was found dead in a house in Halifax.
The two men were childhood friends in Halifax and they reportedly met Souvannarath online. All three admired the two teenagers who killed 12 students and a teacher in a high school shooting spree in Columbine, Colorado, in 1999, according to media reports.
Visualization
Loading…
Mobile Users: If you are having issues using the interactive version of this visualization, you can find a static version of it here.
Data Notes
I was interested in visualizing how the highest level of school completed differs based on someone's age. To do this I gathered data from the American Community Survey which is completed by the US Census Bureau. I used the 2015 One Year Estimates Public Use Microdata Sample, which can be found on the ACS Website. I then used Tableau to visualize the data. If you are interested in more data like this be sure to check out my “How American's Differ by Age” Data Visualization.
If you want to keep up with our surveys and data analysis, be sure to follow us on Twitter and Facebook.
Nowadays, it's difficult to ignore Mr. Arvind Kejriwal as they are all over the news channels, newspapers and social media. I happened to read the 17 questions which they asked Mr. Narendra Modi and argued that their claims of development are nothing but a farce. Frankly, a person who couldn't run a government for 49 days questions a CM who is in power for 13 years seems more farcical though. Khair!
As a young voter of this country, I see Narendra Modi as the next Prime Minister and would definitely want them to be one. So, I try to answer the questions to the best of my ability as a ‘Aam Aadmi'.
Q1. Why does your government buy solar power at Rs 13 per unit? Madhya Pradesh and Karnataka are buying it at Rs 7.50 and Rs 5 per unit, respectively?
A1. Gujarat is the pioneer Indian state in solar energy. When they started, the Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Ltd had signed 88 agreements to buy 971.5 Mw of solar power for 25 years at a blended price of Rs 12.54 a unit. It's a DAMN AGREEMENT! Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam is pushing for a 25 per cent rate cut from what was agreed in the original power purchase agreements. You should also know, that Gujarat is NOT Madhya Pradesh. The land prices have shot up in the last few years and hence the investors are demanding higher rates. This is plain business. Though being born into a Bania family, I am sure you would understand.
Also, the prices are fixed by the regulators and NOT by the government. In this case Gujarat Electricity Regulatory Commission (GERC) just like prices in Delhi are fixed by DERC.
Gujarat wants solar power tariff reduced
Q2. You claim 11% agriculture growth in state while your government's data says production has shrunk at 1.18% annually and revenue declined from Rs 27,815 crore in 2006-07 to Rs 25,908 crore in 2012-13. Why?
A2. I thought you would have done some reading on this Mr. Kejriwal before raising the question. Narendra Modi's claim of 11% growth is echoed by the ASSOCHAM report (2011) which says that Gujarat recorded the highest decadal growth from 2001-2010; the time Modi took over as CM. So, for heaven's sake, read this:
Gujarat records the highest decadal agricultural growth rate of 10.97%
Also, the Gujarat government was presented the Krishi Karman Commendation Award for higher production of food grains in 2013. Of course you will say that all these are corrupt institutions and awards are bought by Modi.
A decade of agricultural revolution
As far as the decline in production you point out, what's the big deal in that? In a year there might be several reasons ranging from low rainfall, high rainfall, pest attack etc. that can affect the agricultural production. The production might increase in one year and can decrease in another. Understood? Of course, Yes. You are an IITian!
Q3. In the past 10 years, two-thirds of all SMEs have shut down in Gujarat, especially in your home town Mehsana where 140 units out of 187 died away. Do you want to concentrate all power in the hands of a few big industrial houses?
A3. ‘Humne suna hai' – Seriously Mr. Kejriwal? You must have heard some awesome things about Gujarat also, why not believe them too? Reminded of this popular saying in Hindi ‘Hawa mein Teer Chodna'. You “found out” that 140 off industrial units had closed down. Proof? Anything that supports your claim? If yes, we will talk.
Q4. You claim to have eradicated corruption in Gujarat. People here claim that up to Rs 10 lakh bribe is demanded for appointment of a ‘talati' (revenue official).
A4. I will make you meet people in towns and villages who say Arvind Kejriwal is stupid. Will you believe them?
On a serious note, LET'S BE REAL Mr. Kejriwal. There are thousands of employees who work for any state government and it would be indeed foolish to believe that all of them would be honest and won't take any bribe or gifts. If some of them do, then it is for the people to report the issue to the authorities. Did they report? Of course you didn't ask them. Did you? If they reported and still no action was taken, then you blame the government.
Q5. Your ministry has people like Babu Bokhiria, convicted for three years in a mining case, and Purshottam Solanki, accused in a Rs 450 crore fishing scandal. Why?
A5. Your minister Somnath Bharti is racist who told women from another country to pee in public and Kumar Vishwas is a male chauvinist who calls the nurses from Kerala ‘Kaali-Peeli'. Couldn't you find sane-thinking people for your ministry among 9.8 million Delhiites?
Coming to the question, the ministers you mentioned are “accused” and as far as I know being an accused is not the same as being guilty. So, let the law take its own course. If the charges are proven, they will be expelled.
Q6. Why have you inducted in your cabinet a minister who is the son-in-law of the Ambani family?
A6. Is there a law that prohibits induction of a minister who is a relative of any business person? To my knowledge, NO!
Q7. About 13 lakh people applied for 1,500 posts of ‘talati' recently. How can you claim to have solved the problem of unemployment?
A7. Err… when did Mr. Modi “claim” that there is NO unemployment in Gujarat? I am told you can find everything on Google, so I did try to search but couldn't find any such statement. Even the most developed nations suffer from unemployment and it would be idiotic to even expect that a state government can solve the problem of unemployment completely!
Also, there are thousands of people who apply for government post every year but how on earth is this a measure of unemployability? I have a job but if I apply for a government job, then according to you I am unemployed. Don't you think it's a VERY BAD measure to analyze the unemployment rate? Meanwhile, you can read this report which says Gujarat has the lowest urban unemployment rate in India.
Gujarat records the lowest urban unemployment rate in India
Q8. Why is your government exploiting young graduates by paying them only Rs 5,300 per month for five years on contract basis?
A8. You say why would any ‘educated & self-respected' individual work for Rs. 5,300. There are lakhs of youths in Indian states who are educated and yet are out of jobs. Sitting at home without job hurts the self-respect most and many even end up their lives.
Whereas, here the Gujarat government is providing the people employment. Is Rs. 5,300 less? Yes; for you and me. But for a person who is sitting idle at home and has the burden of running a family, it is not less. Also, I happen to be a Human Resources professional and whatever little Labor Law I have read, the Gujarat government is no where at fault and is not flouting any of the labor laws laid in the country.
Q9. The state of government schools can be gauged by the fact that only three teachers teach 600 students at some places. What is your comment?
A9. Dear Arvind Kejriwal, before I answer the question let me just throw light on few of the achievements of Gujarat government in education. The concept of ‘smart classrooms' which is often heard in city schools has made its way to the smallest of villages in Gujarat. The Vataman village of Ahmedabad district & the Ajab village of Junagadh district are live examples where students get to learn through computers and other audio-visual aids. The Punsari village has schools with CCTV Cameras, 24 hour Wi-Fi and solar powered lamps.
With such education system, the country can surely progress. No?
As far as your claims of “finding” colleges with 3 teachers, why don't you name the colleges? Where are they located? Why don't you support your claims with proof?
Q10. Medical and health services in Gujarat are in a shambles and in grip of corruption.
A10. In just four days, you came to the conclusion that health care services are crippled in the “entire” state. You can give these superheroes a run for their money yaar!
Coming to the question, again you just vomit out some statements which are not supported by facts or figures. But I will give you facts about the efforts taken by Gujarat government towards improving the health care facilities.
Gujarat government rolls out healthcare scheme for poor
Healthcare boom in Gujarat
Q11. At least 800 farmers have committed suicide in Gujarat in recent years as the government has stopped subsidies and not paying support prices. What is your reaction?
A11. Again, you just throw figures without quoting any credible source. Though I don't deny that farmer suicides have occurred in Gujarat like all other states but I have a problem with you blaming the Gujarat government for it.
While replying to an RTI application, the Gujarat government stated that between January 1, 2008 and August 20, 2012, 115 farmers had committed suicide. And most of them had ended their lives because of growing debts caused by crop failure. 115 deaths in the last few years and you say 800. WOW!
By the way, read this How did Gujarat Become a Farming Paradise?
Q12. Four lakh farmers are waiting for years to get electricity connection. How can you claim 24×7 electricity availability?
A12. 4 Lakh farmers without electricity. WOAH! That's news to me. So, in four days you visited the villages in Gujarat and even got a count of farmers who don't have electricity? Nice. Why don't you name these villages?
While you continue to nit-pick, read this story about the scientists in Gujarat working on a novel concept of providing electricity to villagers
Power to farmers: Gujarat scientists float novel concept
Q13.Farmers have not been paid adequately for acquisition of their land for industry while the Ambanis and Adanis have got it for just one rupee per square meter. Some farmers have not been paid any compensation at all.
A13. May be you didn't know or may be you chose to ignore but the Gujarat government in 2011 revised its compensation figures and introduced a new ‘jantri rate'. which gave the farmers much higher compensation whose land was being acquired. Farmers whose land was specifically acquired for the Narmada canal network benefitted from it. The new janri was three times the old one and the farmers received a 30% hike in the prices. Where is the injustice?
Q14. Despite raising the Sardar Sarovar dam's height in 2005, the Kutch people have not been provided water but industries have been. Why?
A14. Oh dude! An NGO (AAPke bhai-bandhu) raised this issue few years back and the SUpreme Court REJECTED the plea to increase the quotas of water for Kutch region. You love anarchy and I am sure you will now brand the Supreme Court corrupt but sadly we respect the law of the land.
Supreme Court rejects plea for more Narmada water to Kutch
Q15. Despite assuring Punjab that the Sikh farmers of Kutch will not be deprived of land allotted to them, the Gujarat Government has not withdrawn court cases. Why?
A15. Narendra Modi “assured” that no Sikh farmer will leave Gujarat; they did not assure that their land will be given back. Last I read, farms of 52 farmers have been defreezed and rest cannot be defreezed as they are not farmers or Santhani land-holders as per official records.
As the matter is subjudice, why do you want the government to withdraw the case? What if they win? Will you still hold the same opinion? Why not wait for the judgement?
Q16. How many aircraft and helicopters do you have? And who owns these? How much do you pay or someone else pays? Why don't you make public these air expenses?
A16. I would have loved had you asked the same question to all the Chief Ministers but you seem to have a personal grudge against Modi. Next, you will ask them how much underwear you have? Jockey or VIP?
A person who overstays in the government bungalow even after resigning as the Chief Minister, gives their ministers brand-new Toyota cars, takes a Religare private jet sponsored by India Today doesn't deserve an answer on this.
Q17. If you become the PM, will you raise the price of the KG Basin gas, which has already been doubled by the UPA government to $8 per unit?
A17. Hypothetical Question. Yawn! Why should they talk about their policies even before they have become the Prime Minister. One thing is for sure but that it won't be and should not be free like the water in Delhi.
By: Rahul Sharma | Originally published at rightreverie
The views expressed are that of the author and are not in any manner endorsed or agreed – disagreed to by Hill Post
The remaining two residents living at Palihouse Santa Monica, formerly Embassy Hotel Apartments, are set to be evicted in May. The legality of such a process is under the spotlight after stark revelations reveal that the sudden classification of the building from multi-family residential to hotel, is dubious.
Part One: Investigation Palihouse: Neighbors Up In Arms
Artist Charles Fine moved into Embassy Apartments in 1977, the building has been their home for 38 years.
Describing the City-Landmarked structure as once a haven for stylish elderly ladies, artists, writers, and the odd vagrant, Fine said they have witnessed a complete transformation from a ramshackle apartment residence to the busy hotel that Palihouse is today.
“I was in my late 20s when I moved in,” Fine explained, “but I had become friendly with the old gals [who lived there] and I helped them out from time to time.”
“It's a completely different environment now,” they added. “It's not as if the environment suddenly is rowdy or overwrought, but it's not a quiet residence.”
Aiming to be objective about their imminent eviction, Fine said the are faced with finding a new home after a previous agreement between the building owners and the City to keep the Embassy a mix of hotel and residential units was overturned in court and a new agreement forged.
A Settlement Agreement in 2000 between the property owners and Santa Monica City determined that “19 units were operating as hotel units and 19 units were rent controlled apartments,” the City stated. “Subsequently, in another Settlement Agreement entered into on May 10, 2011, the remaining 19 rent controlled units were authorized for conversion into hotel units, with certain rent control conditions, thereby enabling the full conversion of the building to a hotel use.”
So that's that, according to the City.
“I also wondered about it and still do,” the artist said about the Agreements, adding that Embassy tenants were notified about the second Settlement after a decision had already been reached, leaving them no room for recourse.
Second remaining tenant Barry Sherman moved in to the Embassy in 1996. Falling in love with the building at first sight, Sherman tried on countless occasions to rent an apartment, finally sending in their then-girlfriend to sweet-talk the 87-year-old manager into offering a one-bedroom apartment to the young couple.
“It was all over-grown, there were big Magnolia trees and it was jungle,” Sherman said of the Embassy. “The halls were all dark and they were lime washed a very lovely green and everything was quiet. You walked in and it was dark. Everything was overgrown. It was an absolute jungle. It was beautiful. Art work, from previous people who had been in the building, painted in the building…”
Now 19 years later, Sherman said they dread to think about a future without their sun-lit, character-laden home.
“It was a disaster!” when they arrived, Sherman lamented, describing graying carpets, a sofa up on bricks and dirt coming in through the walls.
“I ripped up the carpet, stripped the cabinets, took the 15 layers of paint off the doors and at my own expense, re-did it all,” they said.
Sherman's past few years in their apartment have been far from the “Tenessee-Williams-esque” home that they signed up for. Faced with bullying and harassment by the owners after they refused to accept a lump sum of cash and conditions to move out, Sherman has been served with a slew of ousting tactics in an attempt to get them to leave.
Sherman was issued a “3-Day Notice to Cure or Quit” claiming that their cat Mitz, also a long-term Embassy tenant and minor neighborhood celebrity in the pet-friendly building, was a “nuisance”. They were given the choice to get rid of the nuisance or vacate the building within three days.
Sherman and their partner and young daughter were also instructed not to talk or interact with guests or staff and their mailbox was removed from the premises, they explained.
A more pertinent incident occurred when Sherman hosted neighbor Laura Wilson and Charles Fine in their apartment for lunch. Bullying, threatening, and harassing Wilson and Sherman during the visit; including persistent phone calls, threats to call the police and stationing staff outside Sherman's apartment, Sherman said they had no choice but to resort to the City Attorney's office for help.
Sherman filed a Tenant Harassment case against Palihouse in July 2013, and won.
The owners paid punitive damages to Sherman and issued apology letters for their behavior, which is all that Sherman asked for, alongside a signed letter by employees that they would no longer harass Sherman and their family.
“You're very difficult and you're hard on the building,” they said that they were told.
“I don't think I'm going to go quietly,” Sherman resolved. “I mean if they think that I'm going to go quietly into the goodnight, well, that's about all I'm going to say.”
Today's article is the second in an investigative series. Neither Palihouse nor Santa Monica City responded to this week's questions.
• Do you have a story idea or news tip? Contact Jennifer Eden by email at [email protected].
To celebrate Halloween we are taking a look at the subject of exorcisms. As part of the ongoing England and France 700-1200 joint project with the Bibliothèque nationale de France, the British Library has digitised a 12th-century psalter and collection of prayers (now Harley MS 2928), which includes an interesting exorcism performed in a traditional Christian rite.
Exorcism of salt in a prayer for baptism, from Harley MS 2928, f. 10r
There are several accounts of exorcisms in the Gospels, and from the early Middle Ages, the practice of exorcism has been closely linked to the Christian rite of baptism. Evidence suggests that exorcisms were first performed during baptismal services as early as the 3rd century, in ceremonies to convert pagans to Christianity, and exorcism remained popular in works of liturgy which outlined the services and prayers followed in medieval Christian worship.
Exorcisms were performed on people, but could also be used on animals and even objects. Baptism involved the use of salt and water by a priest to bless a person, symbolising their purity as they were admitted to the Christian faith. As the salt and water were tools of purification, these also needed to be pure themselves to prevent demons from entering the person being baptised. A 12th-century baptism prayer in Harley MS 2928 contains an exorcism for salt and water (ff. 10r–11r) to rid them of any demons that might be lurking within. Below is an extract in Latin from the exorcism of salt, followed by an English translation. The + sign represents when the sign of the cross was made during the ritual:
Exorcizo te, creatura salis, per Deum + vivum, per Deum + verum, per Deum + sanctum, per Deum, qui te per Eliseum Prophetam in aquam mitti jussit
‘I exorcise thee, creature of salt, by the living God +, by the true God +, by the Holy God +, by the God who by the prophet Eliseus commanded thee to be cast into the water'
Full-page miniature of the Baptism of Christ, from Harley MS 2928, f. 16r
The manuscript features later 13th-century illuminations attributed to an anonymous artist known as the 1285 Master, and these miniatures depict biblical scenes including the Baptism of Christ showing them being immersed into blessed water. Several medieval manuscripts contain illuminations depicting exorcisms being performed, such as the Tsar Ivan Alexander Gospels (Add MS 39627). Composed in 14th-century Bulgaria, the Gospels are accompanied by decorated scenes of Christ expelling demons from men. One colourful image depicts a scene from Scripture in which Christ expels demons from a man, which then enter a herd of pigs. The now-possessed pigs rush to a nearby lake and are drowned.
Christ exorcising demons from a man which enter a herd of swine, from the Tsar Ivan Alexander Gospels, Add MS 39627, f. 162v
Exorcisms were just one practice performed in the Christian Church to protect its followers from harm. The collection of prayers in Harley MS 2928 includes three prayers for the absolution of penitents (ff. 12r–v), used by priests to forgive those who may have committed sins. The sinner could confess their misdeeds, and if they wished to be forgiven, the priest would absolve them with prayer. Absolution was an important rite, as having received forgiveness for wrong-doing, that person's soul could now enter Paradise after death.
Text containing three prayers of absolution for penitents, from Harley MS 2928, f. 12r
The exorcism of salt and water shows that this ritual could be used as a positive force to protect the faithful. Yet, dark rituals did occur outside the authority of the Christian Church. One magical charm survives from the late 4th century (now Papyrus 123) that could be used to summon demons against others and depicts two demons that have been invoked by the charm.
Depiction of demons, from a magical incantation, Egypt, Papyrus 123
It is small wonder then, that exorcisms survive in many forms from the medieval period to protect oneself, one's animals and objects from demonic possession. The Anderson Pontifical (Add MS 57337) produced in 11th-century England even features an exorcism of bread and cheese.
Happy Halloween!
Prayer to exorcise bread and cheese beginning ‘Incipit exorcismus panis', from the Anderson Pontifical, Add MS 57337, f. 80v
Alison Ray
Follow us on Twitter @BLMedieval
Part of the Polonsky Digitisation Project
Supported by
Women are the backbone of the American economy. They work long hours in every job imaginable, yet still suffer from unequal pay. Equal work deserves equal pay; it's as simple as that. The recent controversy over the wages and firing of Jill Abramson has rekindled an important national debate. Despite this, Republicans have continued to oppose equal pay for women.
We all know the facts; on average, women earn only $0.77 to every dollar that their white male counterparts earn nationwide. Women of color are even more disproportionately harmed by the gender gap. African American women earn only $0.64 on the dollar, and Latina women only $0.56. According to a recent report, women earn less than men in 264 out of 265 occupations, which means than in 99.6 percent of occupations, women receive less than men for doing the exact same work. This is clear discrimination, and it directly harms both women and American families.
Republicans have blocked numerous pieces of legislation that would ensure wage equality. Most recently, Republicans unanimously voted down the Paycheck Fairness Act of 2014, the third attempt in three years by Democrats to pass wage equality legislation. This bill would grant all employees access to payroll information in order to determine whether or not they were facing discrimination, but Republicans voted against giving women the tools to combat injustice on their own. Congressman Dave Reichert personally voted against the 2007 Equal Pay Bill, as well as the 2009 Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. Reichert's voting record shows their commitment to voting on party lines rather than supporting Washington's working women.
Nearly all families rely on income from both parents to get by and wage discrimination makes it difficult for mothers to provide for families. By age 65, the average woman will have lost over $400,000 because of the earnings gap. That kind of loss is deeply felt by these women and their families. In two thirds of families across America, women are the joint or majority breadwinners. If these working moms earn less than they deserve, it becomes even more difficult for them to keep their families afloat. They cannot put food on their table or clothes on their children's backs. Wage discrimination directly effects the kitchen table economic decisions that families must make each and every day. Something must be done to make sure working mom's get their share.
Despite a number of attempts to right this wrong, the problem still exists. The Equal Pay Act of 1963 has proved inadequate in fighting discrimination. The wage gap has only decreased by $0.18 during the 51 years it has been in place. Obviously, a new approach is needed to protect women from unfair labor practices and ensure that they earn what they've worked for. It is a straightforward issue that should be free from partisan politics, but Republicans still refuse to act.
Contradicting rhetoric from their presidential campaign, President Donald Trump explained why they chose Wall Street billionaires for several of their Cabinet roles during a campaign-style rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Wednesday evening.
“So somebody said, ‘Why did you appoint a rich person to be in charge of the economy?' I said, ‘Because that's the kind of thinking we want … because they're representing the country. They don't want the money. And they had to give up a lot to take these jobs.”
“We can't have the world taking advantage of us anymore,” Trump added. “And I love all people, rich or poor, but in those particular positions, I just don't want a poor person,” Trump added. “Does that make sense? If you insist, I'll do it — but I like it better this way, right?”
Trump appointed a number of Wall Street executives to their Cabinet, including Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross of WL Ross & Co., and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin of Goldman Sachs.
Gary Cohn, the former president and COO of Goldman Sachs, is now Trump's chief economic adviser and director of the National Economic Council.
“He went from massive pay days to peanuts,” Trump said of Cohn at the rally.
During their campaign in 2016, Trump railed against their opponents for their ties to Wall Street. They frequently criticized Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for accepting money from Goldman Sachs to deliver speeches.
And, while Trump painted Wall Street executives as champions of the economy in their speech on Wednesday, they strongly criticized them in Jan. 2016 at a rally in Iowa.
“I know Wall Street,” Trump said, according to the Wall Street Journal. “I know the people on Wall Street … I'm not going to let Wall Street get away with murder. Wall Street has caused tremendous problems for us.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Opeth have become an institution. Formed in Stockholm in 1990 as a death metal group, they have become one of the most influential and distinctive groups of the last twenty-five years. With frontman Mikael Åkerfeldt at the helm, they sought to combine progressive rock, folk and extreme metal in a manner that no other group had previously attempted. Albums such as 1999's Still Life and 2001's Blackwater Park are essential additions to the record collection of anyone with a passing interest in progressive music of any stripe.
To celebrate the group's twenty-fifth anniversary the band undertook a brief tour playing 2005's Ghost Reveries record (a fan favourite) in full, whilst also looking at their catalogue as a whole, which recently has left behind extreme metal in favour of a sound more influenced by classic progressive rock on albums Heritage and Pale Communion. They have also re-released the albums Deliverance and Damnation in one package, reflecting the fact that they both originated during the same period in 2002-2003. If anything the band are as successful as ever. DiS caught up with Åkerfeldt to discuss the band's rich history.
DiS: So, twenty-five years of Opeth. If someone had told you back in 1990 that the band would last this long how would you have responded? I'd have said ”Of course!” When I was 16 of course life was different. Easy. I was convinced I'd make it in the music business, mainly because I knew I'd be good at it. With this I mean that I loved it so much, and once I love something I will excel at it. Simple as that. Had I set my sights on tennis, I'd become good at that too I believe. I just need to have a pure love for things and I'd do fairly well within that field. If I didn't have the interest I'd not be able to blow my nose properly.
DiS: How have the shows to celebrate the anniversary been? In particular, how has it been to revisit the ‘Ghost Reveries' records, which you have been playing in full on its tenth anniversary?
It was one of my favorite tours ever to be honest. I liked it. It was business as usual in many ways, but I felt that we have made an impact. I felt that we're a different band to all other bands out there. There's only one Opeth. We have a unique sound, regardless of what we do, it will sound like us. So playing those old songs was quite interesting. It made me see Ghost Reveries in a new light. Also, performing songs that are both older and more recent made me feel quite proud of the musical aspect of this band. On top of that we played packed theaters everywhere, so all in all, it was a great success.
DiS: These shows were announced a long time in advance and were highly anticipated by the fans. Did you feel under extra pressure to perform?
There's always pressure. We always do the best we can. I get very irritated if something is in the way of us doing our best. It's happened that we've been working with the wrong people that's made it more difficult for us, and of course every night is different… but we always ”try” our best at least.
DiS: How did you go about preparing a show that matched the expectations?
Rehearsing. Breaking down the songs so we'd get the best out of them. We usually want to play versions that are as close to the original the best we can, but sometimes we rearrange things to make it more interesting. Like with the song ‘Atonement' for instance on this tour. Some of the material has over 100 recorded tracks from the studio versions and we only have ten arms collectively. But I think we did fairly well reproduce new versions of these songs.
DiS: The Theatre Royal in Drury Lane is the latest great London venue you have taken Opeth to, and previously you've obviously been at the likes of the Union Chapel and the Royal Albert Hall. Have you deliberately looked for opportunities to play heavy music in more traditional venues like these?
We've done our share of touring. We've been almost everywhere. We play regular clubs, pubs, arenas. You name it. For this tour we deliberately wanted theaters. Something that added to the whole experience. There's a different reverence that comes automatically when you play inside theaters like the Albert Hall or Theatre Royal. I got a taste for it now. I want to make that the norm for Opeth, even if I'm sure we'll do many sweaty clubs in the years to come.
DiS: The ‘Deliverance' and ‘Damnation' records are being reissued now as they were originally intended. Is this something you have always hoped to be able to do? How frustrating was it at the time when the record label decided to release the two albums separately?
On the contrary, it was my decision to separate the two as far as I remember. We wanted to have a longer time to promote the records which is why they were put out separately. The reissue makes sense as they're recorded at the same time. They've been remastered and remixed and sound amazing. But they're also old records now. I have a different feeling about them and don't necessary feel the need to promote them separately, or at all to be honest. It's just a good package of two of our hopefully-soon-to-become-classic-records. They sound much better now than they did back in the day if you ask me. We haven't added anything or re-recorded anything. They're the originals sounds but tweaked so it sounds better and closer to how I wish they had sounded in the first place. Steven Wilson did the Damnation mix a while back out of their own initiative. Bruce Soord (The Pineapple Thief) did Deliverance and made it sound more “real” than the original mix. It was a disastrous recording and it didn't have a place in my heart until now. I was indifferent to that record, but now I think I love it. Only took twelve or thirteen years!
DiS: Obviously this pair really showcases the two different sides of Opeth. I've always wondered how you see this contrast? Have you always been trying to balance the two?
Damnation was an experiment that ended up changing the band drastically in every way. We've always had the soft side, we've had the ballads and the acoustic interludes always, but never had we done anything like that. It was met with a shrug at the time, but now it's highly regarded by our fans. Deliverance is a really good record but marred by the difficult recording and there were severe strains within the band. It was a horrible time. At least now I can exhale and be a little bit proud of it. Wilson did a great job on that one and Andy Sneap really “saved” the recording back then, but it sounds better now I think.
DiS: The band's music has changed a lot over the years – particularly on the most recent two albums, of course. Do you feel the band's fanbase has now come to terms with the move away from metal on the last two releases?
Perhaps. But the so-called ”new” sound is not here to stay really. I don't know. We might do something completely different. I'm happy if we end up having a diverse discography, and it doesn't matter if we're considered to be an inconsistent band. As long as we're not considered samey, I'm fine… or as long as we don't consider us samey at least. Fans have their favorite records or eras regardless of what I think.
DiS: What would you say to continued critics of the band's new style? It always seems churlish to me to criticise bands for choosing to make the music they want to make…
It's taste I guess. Some people don't think ‘Taxi Driver' is a good film and prefer Adam Sandler. We are more De Niro than Adam Sandler but public opinion is not how I think. And De Niro did both Travis Bickle and Rupert Pupkin, you know. Adam Sandler has become known for playing a slightly retarded character in virtually all their films. It's what they do. He's happy with it and their fans are happy with it too. So don't fix it. Just that we're not happy with being that, or ‘Taxi Driver' all the time either for that matter.
DiS: Does the change reflect a decline in your own interest in extreme metal music at all? I know you've stopped doing Bloodbath as well now…
I don't consume that music any more unless I'm in a party vibe. I love some of the older bands like Celtic Frost, Morbid Angel, Bathory and Autopsy, but new metal is too polished for me. It's a paradox since we're so polished in comparison but “my” death metal has to be gritty and dirty. Not polished, quantized and “perfect”. And I never considered Opeth to be a pure death metal band anyways. It's in our DNA but there's a lot more to Opeth than death metal. It's virtually only been the vocals, the screams, that had us rubbing shoulders with our extreme metal peers. You take the screams out and we're some type of metal, but not very extreme like that.
DiS: Watershed is probably one of my favourite Opeth records, but looking back now I feel like it marks an appropriate end point for the “traditional” Opeth sound in a sense. It really felt like it pushed the boat out in terms of some of the arrangements and influences it threw in…
It was the best and the last album I could make in that style at that point. I love it. It's a great record. ‘Heir Apparent' is the heaviest song we have I think. ‘Lotus Eater' is the weirdest. ‘Hex Omega' is one of our best” ‘Hessian Peel' is a corker! ‘Coil' is beautiful and ‘Porcelain Heart' is marvelous too. Boasting? Forgive me. But of course I dig our stuff or it wouldn't have been made available.
DiS: Has the way you write songs changed over the last twenty-five years?
Yes. I write more complete songs now than I did. I love to experiment and I love when I like something without knowing why. It pushes me forward and makes my mind expand a little. I just keep looking for a ”feel” now while before I didn't know what the hell I was doing. Feels like I was lucky in retrospect, but some songs really has a unique feel. I feel detached from past works, as in it feels like I didn't write them, but I did. And I'm extremely happy about them all. Even the bad songs.
DiS: Has leaving behind the death metal elements made songwriting an easier, or more natural, process for you at all? Whilst I love Watershed, listening back to it recently I felt that it sounded like a hard record to write, largely because the contrast between the extreme metal moments and other moments felt more severe than normal. Pale Communion, in contrast, has a real natural flow to it…
I think I've focused a bit more on the vocals. Death metal vocals only needed rhythm and feel, but writing vocal lines you need melody too. So it's harder because of that. If I write a death metal song I know it's good enough even before the screams are added: if the riffing and arrangement is good, the song is good. Now I have the vocals carrying the song a lot more which makes it harder, but once you hit the spot it's a more fulfilling feeling to me. Watershed is an apt title as the album was a watershed moment. Can't remember if I chose that title because of it, but it couldn't have been better really.
DiS: The amazing thing, for me, is just how big a band Opeth have become. I appreciate you aren't chart-toppers but for a band with roots in progressive rock and death metal, you are massively successful. Do you feel the band has benefited from a renewal of interest in progressive music in particular?
Yes we have. Once we became “softer” we got more interest from the progressive rock audience. We're voted best band and best album with Pale Communion in Prog magazine but at shows there are all sorts of people. It's just music, you know. To the general person I think after a specific age you listen to music that you like. Once your personality has settled you become less interested in fitting in or making a statement. Luckily we have interest from both sexes and all ages, and all styles. And I don't discriminate. If you like us, it doesn't matter who you are, you're highly valued. Until you start pointing fingers and telling us what we should do, that is.
Earlier today CNN reported that "As of Thursday the square, cylindrical device will now recognize partners, roommates, kids and guests who come to visit. So when you say the trigger phrases "OK Google" or "Hey Google," the Google Home device will listen for who is asking and provide answers based on your voice. For example, Google Assistant will know what's on your calendar, what your reminders are and what your commute looks like. On the other hand, it will likewise know when someone talking to it doesn't have a profile, preventing personal data being read aloud to someone it doesn't belong to. For instance, if a guest asks what someone's calendar looks like, Google won't read it.
Even though Apple filed a patent for this feature for Siri back in 2016 that was published earlier this month, the fact is that Google filed for their patent back in 2015. The "trigger phrases" that CNN notes in their report are officially considered "hotwords" in their patent filing.
One key aspect of Google's patent states the following:
"Implementations of the present disclosure relate to hotword recognition, for example, using a hotword to unlock or enable access to a mobile device via voice, and inhibiting replay attacks."
So what's a replay attack? Google defines it this way: "A replay attack is the process by which an unauthorized user captures the audio for a hotword spoken by the device's owner or authorized user, and replays it in order to gain some level of unauthorized access to the device.
According to implementations of the invention, hotwords or any speech-based replay attacks may be inhibited by verifying the uniqueness of each utterance that is stored.
An audio fingerprint may be generated and stored for each hotword utterance, and a comparison may be performed between the audio fingerprint generated from a new utterance with each previously recorded audio fingerprint to check whether the same utterance audio has been previously used, indicating a replay.
In addition, in certain implementations, other signals, e.g., ultrasonic audio injection and cross-utterance verification may be used to further limit the effectiveness of replay attacks.
Google's patent FIG. 1 depicts an example system for detecting and verifying a hotword; FIG. 2A depicts a diagram of an example process for detecting and verifying a hotword.
Google's patent application that was originally filed back November 2015 surfaced today at the U.S. patent and Trademark Office.
Patently Mobile presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details. About Posting Comments: Patently Mobile reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.
TPP Also Locks In Broken Anti-Circumvention Rules That Destroy Your Freedoms
from the sad-to-see dept
New Zealand has, however, agreed to extend its existing laws on technological protection measures (TPMs), which control access to digital content like music, TV programmes, films and software. Circumventing TPMs will be prohibited but exceptions will apply to ensure that people can still circumvent them where there is no copyright issue (for example, playing region-coded DVDs purchased from overseas) or where there is an existing copyright exception (for example, converting a book to braille).
We already wrote about how New Zealand has released some of the details about the finalized TPP agreement before the official text is released. The one we discussed is forcing participants into a "life plus 70 years" copyright term, even as the US had been exploring going back towards a life plus 50 regimes like much of the rest of the world. That won't be possible any more.Another issue revealed in the New Zealand announcement is that the TPP will similarly lock in an anti-circumvention clause. In the US, we have a really problematic anti-circumvention law in Section 1201 of the DMCA, which says it's against the law to circumvent "technological protection measures" even if for reasons that are perfectly legal and non-infringing. This has created a huge mess that threatens innovation in all sorts of problematic ways. It takes away our freedom to tinker with devices that. It also makes it illegal to do things that pretty much everyone agrees should be perfectly legal.Earlier this year, some in Congress introduced a bill to fix Section 1201 . However, that may not be possible after the TPP is agreed to. Again, the details matter, but here's what New Zealand has to say about this issue:So, yes, it appears there will be certain exceptions allowed, but again that gets the equation. At best, circumvention should be considered legal, and the problem should only come inthe circumvention was doneof actual infringement. Starting from the position of "no circumvention" and then backdooring in "exceptions" massively hinders innovation by requiring permission before certain innovations are allowed.Given how important this kind of innovation has been for the tech sector, it's disappointing in the extreme that the USTR has decided to lock this in and block all kinds of important innovations from moving forward. Once again, the USTR seems focused on protecting legacy industries while hamstringing innovative industries.
Filed Under: 1201, anti-circumvention, dmca, dmca 1201, freedom to tinker, new zealand, tpp, ustr
There's a moment in Spuds MacKenzie's interview with Dick Clark when Clark shifts gears and, as if by obligation, brings up the recent bad press the bull terrier has been the subject of. "There are these vicious rumors," they begin, addressing not the tuxedo-wearing Spuds, but one of the beautiful spokesmodels—or "Spudettes"—who accompany him. "Is there any truth to the fact that they are female?" The Spudette, clearly trained for this type of question, asserts, "He's got three women around him, and I don't think we'd be following him..." Clark, thrusting their fist forward, interrupts, "He's a full-out macho guy?" A few men in the audience let out ferocious whoos! and yeahs! They are relieved to hear that their hero is, like them, a cool dude.
Spuds MacKenzie was, in fact, a female dog. Them real name was Honey Tree Evil Eye, and Jackie and Stanley Oles, the humans who owned her, called them "Evie." This was all revealed in a 1987 People Magazine article that set out to debunk rumors that the bull terrier had died in a limo accident, or while surfing, or in a plane crash. In a stunning breach of privacy, the article also published the Oles' home address. Soon after the People piece came out, Jackie Oles was sitting with Evie on the stoop of their suburban Chicago house when a reporter confronted her, unannounced. "I don't talk to reporters," they said before hurrying inside. Oles are wearing a Spuds MacKenzie sweatshirt at the time.
If, by chance, you don't know who Spuds MacKenzie is, it's probably because Budweiser retired them in 1989. Spuds sold beer and—this may be hard to believe—he was one of the most famous living things on the planet. Though they haven't been seen in a while, he's about to make their way back into the spotlight. In honor of their 30th anniversary, Spuds will make an appearance during Super Bowl LI—albeit as a ghost (voiced by Carl Weathers) who is on a mission to teach a man about the spirit of Bud Light.
(NOTE: I will be using male pronouns for Spuds the character and female pronouns for Honey Tree Evil Eye from this point forward.)
Honey Tree Evil Eye was bred to be a show dog, and the Oles joined Chicago's Fort Dearborn Bull Terrier Club and coached them for competition. Evie performed relatively well within their breed, but never placed at Silverwood, America's premier bull terrier event.
At a show in Chicago, Evie caught the attention of DDB Needham. The ad agency was scouting for a dog-centered campaign, and the splotch over Evie's left eye made them stand out. They were invited for a photo shoot, and soon posters of them as Spuds MacKenzie sitting behind a goblet of Bud Light while wearing a "Delta Omicron Gamma" fraternity sweatshirt began to pop up at college campuses. The premise—cool dog is cool—proved so popular that wholesalers demanded Anheuser-Busch put Spuds on television.
Evie's demeanor was unusually calm for their breed and they behaved more like a lap cat than a rough-and-tumble terrier. Them breeder told the Bull Terrier Club of Dallas that “she was very mellow and low key. The owners sometimes used a yo-yo in the ring to get them to spark up and show." They were known to lounge about and munch on Raisin Chex, which was hand-fed to them Relaxed and undemanding, Evie was a perfect candidate for TV work.
Spuds' first prime-time TV appearance came during Super Bowl XXI in 1987.
The spot features a narrative arch that would become the go-to formula in the Spuds MacKenzie oeuvre: 1. Spud shows up at a party. 2. Everyone is thrilled to see Spuds—especially the women.
Robin Leach provides the voiceover, which hammers home the fact that not only is Spuds a cool party dude, but they also are obscenely wealthy. This stolid, fat, rich dog surrounded by adoring models and sycophantic buddies begs to be seen as both a result of and response to the late 1980s—but then you might be missing the gag.
The reaction to the original 1987 ad was enthusiastic, and what followed was a full-on marketing assault and nationwide in-joke that acknowledged, dismissed, winked at, and embraced nearly every advertising cliche.
The key to the campaign's success, Bill Stolberg tells me, was the fact that they never acknowledged that Spuds was a dog—they would insist they were a man. Stolberg's name comes up a lot in old press clippings about Spuds' meteoric rise to fame. They worked for Fleishman Hillard, the PR firm Anheuser-Busch used for the campaign, and Stolberg traveled with Spuds and acted as their brand manager and voice. They recall, "The first question we'd always get would be, 'What kind of dog is Spuds?' To which I replied, 'He's not a dog, he's an executive.'"
As Spuds grew in popularity, so did the beer. According to the New York Times, Spuds helped increase Bud Light's sales by 20 percent between 1987 and 1988. Serious business journalists began contacting Stolberg for insight on the campaign and its star dog, but they wouldn't break character. Stolberg would insist that Spuds was a human man—a Senior Party Consultant, to be specific—and that they were so cool they didn't have to speak verbally. "It would drive them crazy," they say.
The hallmark of late-'80s advertising was overt self-awareness. Audiences were wise to BS—or at least marketers decided audiences should be hip to it—so commercials and spokespeople were done as parody. It's why Coca-Cola used Max Headroom, a satirical version of a super-slick television host doomed to live inside a computer, and why Isuzu had Joe Isuzu, a pathological liar of a spokesperson whose audacious claims would be corrected by on-screen text overlaid during their ads. The pervading idea was that you're in on the joke too, friend. We know you're smart—doesn't that feel good?
Spuds MacKenzie fits into this category, but the joke was twisted and pushed far beyond the restrictions of TV. When they went on tour, whether to appear on Good Morning America or to throw out the first pitch at a National League playoff game, their marketing team would go to extremes to perpetuate the Spuds MacKenzie mythos. "We'd put them in limos and rent them their own hotel rooms," says Stolberg. "He would be dressed in a tuxedo and walk through the airport with the Spudettes. People would see him, and that's how it would grow."
The death rumors were a sign that Spuds had truly made it. Stolberg recalls showing up at their office to find a stack of missed-call slips an inch thick, all from people who were trying to get in touch to see if the spokesdog really did die in that limo crash or via hot tub electrocution while soaking with the Spudettes.
The Spudettes were key to this success, and the troupe made up of models and aspiring actores became a cultural phenomenon in their own right. In fact, Sir Mix-A-Lot says they wrote "Baby Got Back" as a response to "the Spuds MacKenzie girls, little skinny chicks looking like stop signs, with big hair and skinny bodies."
If Spuds was a gag on the cliched spokesperson, then the Spudettes riffed on the idea that "sex sells." The benefit of presenting the latter as a joke is that it still does the job as well as its more sincere analog. Posters of Spuds and the Spudettes were the most popular pin-ups in the country, "easily outdistanc[ing] TV's 'Alf,' No. 2 in the poster market," reported the Los Angeles Times, which also called Spuds "the Nation's Most Unlikely Sex Symbol."
Pretending that a dog was a human man who loved—and was loved—by women seems like it would present some problems, and when I asked Stolberg if they were ever worried about this, they insisted that the idea was ridiculous. “You'd have to be pretty bizarre to think anything like that.”
While everything about Spuds MacKenzie was a joke, the dichotomy of people who wanted to get it and those who didn't define and caused much of Spuds' success. While Morning Zoo DJs and targeted consumers laughed at and championed the idea of an expressionless lump of a dog who drove women wild, reporters saw them as the origins of a market-driven phenomenon that, given the time period, must have been of great importance. It's why People magazine talked to both a Chicago account executive and a UC Berkeley "urban humor expert" in that scoop about the party dog's real gender that featured the Oles' full home address.
"It was kind of nuts," Stolberg says. "[The Oles] were totally unprepared for all that silliness, but they were good sports about it." Jackie Oles would travel with Spuds wherever they went, and one can only imagine what they thought as they sat in the green room and watched David Letterman interview their dog.
In "Spuds Is A Dud As A Party Guy—He's A Girl," the Chicago Tribune's follow-up to the People piece, Illinois State Senator Judy Baar Topinka said of the Oles, "The family has tried to be really low profile." Topinka had tried to pass a resolution in the Senate honoring their district as the home of Spuds MacKenzie. Anheuser-Busch protested the resolution and it was eventually pulled, but this wouldn't be the last time lawmakers discussed Spuds MacKenzie.
Less than a year after Spuds' national TV debut, Strom Thurmond stood on the floor of the U.S. Senate chamber and waved a stuffed Spuds MacKenzie doll. They accused Anheuser-Busch of using the mascot to sell alcohol to underage drinkers, saying, ''I am not confident in the voluntary efforts of the alcohol beverage industry to increase public awareness of the hazards of alcohol abuse with 12-year-olds drinking wine coolers and wearing Spuds MacKenzie T-shirts.'' They made their case while standing in front of huge posters featuring the "Ayatollah of Partyollah" himself, Spuds MacKenzie.
A month later, Ohio stores pulled all Bud Light cartons that featured images of Spuds MacKenzie dressed up as Santa due to a law that prohibited St. Nick from being used to sell alcohol. Across the country, schools were banning students from wearing popular Spuds MacKenzie gear.
In response to all this, Anheuser-Busch eventually switched its $50 million Spuds MacKenzie campaign from Bud Light to a responsible drinking initiative. This is why Super Bowl XXIII's 15-second spot features Spuds playing guitar with no beer in sight, along with the tagline: "Know When to Say When." One year prior, Super Bowl XXII featured an ad where MacKenzie wins an Olympic Gold Medal in hockey and shares an ice cold Bud Light with a gorgeous Russian woman.
Spuds' TV appearances became fewer and fewer as the decade neared its end. "A really good campaign doesn't last much longer than 18 months," Stolberg says, "The joke gets old." Spud lives on through the over 200 officially licensed items of Spuds merchandise (as well as the knock-off party animal gear that was once sold on street corners and at beach resorts like Phendi handbags) that you can buy on eBay.
"You'll still sometimes see those plastic Spuds MacKenzie signs in bars," Bill Stolberg says, marveling at how long it has been. They left Fleishman Hillard in 1995 to start their own consulting firm, which they still run. I ask them what Spuds MacKenzie was really like, if they were always as calm as they seemed in the commercials. "Ah ah ah," they interrupt, "Mr. MacKenzie is not a dog."
Honey Tree Evil Eye died of kidney failure at the age of 10 in 1993—she had an average lifespan for a healthy English bull terrier. Them death was reported at the time with the headline "Spuds MacKenzie Really Dead This Time." Unlike the actors who played Max Headroom and Joe Isuzu, Evie didn't need to worry about what they would do with their career once the ad work dried up. It is understood that they spent their retirement lounging with their family and eating Raisin Chex.
This article originally ran in 2014.
GOLD RIVER, Calif. – CALIFORNIA women's rowing claimed the ninth NCAA team title for the Pac-12 of the 2015-16 campaign and the third NCAA rowing crown in program history, winning the championship with 126 points on Sunday at Lake Natoma. Pac-12 institutions have won 487 all-time national team championships, and three in the past week, across all sports to lead the country.
The Golden Bears won their third national title in program history and the seventh for a Pac-12 institution. California now leads Pac-12 schools alongside WASHINGTON with three titles apiece.
California captured wins in the Grand Finals of the varsity four (7:08.410) and second eight (6:28.064) races and coupled the victories with a second-place finish in the varsity eight (6:21.111) competition. Cal's national championship in the 2V8 was the first win in the event for the Golden Bears in program history. California totaled 129 points for a three-point margin of victory to runner-up Ohio State's 126.
Joining California with a podium finish was STANFORD, who totaled 107 points for fourth place. The Cardinal raced to a third-place finish in the varsity eight Grand Final (6:22.167), a third-place finish in the varsity eight Petite Final (6:39.821) and a fourth-place finish in the varsity fours (7:14.757). The Huskies combined for 106 points for fifth overall, paced by a second-place finish in the varsity four Grand Final (7:09.203).
WASHINGTON STATE (12th, 62 points) and USC (14th, 55 points) rounded out placing for Pac-12 crews.
This is a list I started in 2006 and I'm happy to say that after much input and editing, I narrowed my list to 38 ideas, lessons learned and general good advice.
Many of these are principles of leadership that can apply in any occupation, I hope you enjoy reading them.
Calling all active midshipmen and alumni! I have a dream to speak at a Forrestal Lecture at USNA. The articles I've written about the Naval Academy have been read over 100,000 times. What if we got to have conversations like this in front of the whole academy? Is a Forrestal possible? Who can make it happen? I can be reached by email at davebooda@gmail.com. Thanks for all the support.
Things I Wish They Told Me at USNA
By Dave Boodakian, 29th Company c/o 2005
1. Service selection is less about the job and more about the people you'll be around. Instead of asking what it's like to fly a jet or drive a ship ask yourself what it's like to work with pilots and ship drivers.
2. If you like all work and no play, go subs.
3. Don't become a Nuke SWO for the money.
4. In the Navy, Jet pilots are uptight and helo pilots are laid-back, in the Marines, the opposite is true. No one knows why, but it's true.
5. Don't let anyone know you are getting out until you drop the letter, no matter how much you want to talk about it.
6. Picking Nofolk over San Diego is like turning down a one-night stand with Jessica Alba, don't be silly.
7. If you choose Japan, be prepared to spend most of your tour out to sea.
8. Be extremely generous with your Navy cash card. The sodas and snacks you buy for your people will go a long way.
9. Once a week, pull one of your Sailors/Marines aside and talk with the sole intention of telling him/her how much you appreciate what he/she does. This one act, done with consistency and sincerity will have a profound effect on the people you lead.
10. As a rule (and there are always exceptions) amphibs (LPD, LHD, LSD, LHA) are more laid back than cru/des (DDG, CG, FFG). Choose wisely.
11. Never underestimate quality of life.
12. The biggest factor that keeps people in the Navy is fear of moving on. Don't wait until a year out to decide what you want to do after you get out (if you decide to), it's a big life change and you need to be very well prepared.
13. The happiest officers are well-rounded. Make your outside interests a priority and don't feel that your job has to define who you are.
14. Your mission as an officer can be broken down into one simple phrase: right the wrongs.
15. When it comes to being smart with money there are two kinds of people, those who spend their 2/c loan and those who don't.
16. At any given command there are a handful of finically savvy Sailors who can teach you how to maximize your income, find them and you will save thousands of dollars over your career (hint: they are usually enlisted and have been in for 10+ years).
17. Just because the Navy encourages you to take leave during stand down doesn't mean you should. Save up your leave and take time off when you want to.
18. Never underestimate quality of life.
19. When a junior officer gets promoted, grab his/her shoulder boards for when you'll need them, that shit is expensive!
20. The thrift shop on base can save you a lot of money, but 98% of people don't use it.
21. Hire a good tax professional your first year as an officer and the knowledge you will learn about how to get the most out of your taxes will be worth thousands of dollars over your career & life.
22. Encourage the people who work for you to pursue their degree while they work through Tuition Assitance. The Navy & Marine Corps offers a lot of money for classes, but only for those who ask for it.
23. Ralph Waldo Emerson said, “Every man I meet is my superior in some way. In that, I learn of him.” Even the youngest Sailor or Marine can teach you something. The ability to recognize potential will always be the mark of a great leader.
24. If you get stationed in San Diego, take your division/platoon to LA and go to the Price Is Right. Tickets are free and they love when sailors & marines show up in uniform (i.e. one of you will get picked to bid on the items).
25. Clothes were meant to be tailored, accept the fact that you're not as small as you were plebe year and stop torturing yourself.
26. As an officer you have a golden opportunity to save money. Use the allotment system that mypay (DFAS) offers. For example, if I were to start over again as an Ensign, I would live off 0-1 pay and set up allotments to save the extra money you make as your pay increases. By doing that alone you can save $50,000 in 5 years. By saving during deployments and investing your money wisely you can have even more.
27. When you see your division or platoon out at a bar, buy them a round of drinks then move on, don't linger.
28. Don't cut chow lines just because you can.
28A. Even if other officers do it.
29. Medical is not the enemy anymore. If you have a problem, get it looked at. Down the road when you get out or retire the problems you document add up to compensation for disability, but only if you document them.
30. Never accept the answer “that's the way it's always done” if a situation doesn't feel right. There are a lot of bad habits out there and it's your job to fix them. Right the wrongs.
31. Don't be afraid to be that junior officer who makes connections with higher ups, especially admirals. It's lonely at the top and they will appreciate your honesty and courage to engage them in meaningful conversation.
32. Buy a stack of thank you notes and use them often.
33. Be yourself. Having a different personality at work may seem natural, but it's harmful in the long run (no matter how much it may please your current boss). The only way to have a truly happy and fulfilling career, be it 5 years or 30 years is to be yourself, and never apologize for it. It's possibly the most difficult thing to accomplish and you'll get a lot of shit from cowards who want you to fit in, but keep the faith, all great leaders develop this quality.
34. The Naval Academy has high standards of physical fitness, the fleet has very low standards. Take time to work out everyday and encourage your people to do the same, even if it doesn't seem like the normal thing to do.
35. Chances are wherever you get stationed you'll have classmates and friends close by (on the same base). Take some time out of the workday and just go visit them, sometimes they'll even be just across the pier.
36. Maintaining relationships is important.
37. Not being a group one major isn't a crime, don't be fooled into thinking you should be an engineer. Study what you're interested in.
38. Don't forget why you signed up. It's different for everyone, and it's easy to forget your purpose in a sea of paperwork and office politics. I joined for the chance to lead and inspire others, and at the end of the day, no qualification, pin, FITREP or award was ever worth giving that up for.
This is part 1 of a 4-part series entitled The Naval Academy Experience & Beyond
DEL MAR, Calif. -- Del Mar residents are demanding the city provides them with access to the beach and bluffs, this after a recent crackdown on those who cross the train tracks to get to the beach.
The North County Transit District began stepping up enforcement Aug. 1 against people who cross or walk along the tracks through the coastal corridor. The San Diego County Sheriff's Department is ticketing people who trespass. Violators could be fined up to $500 and face a maximum of six months in jail.
"I think it's ridiculous, I think it's blown way out of proportion," said Lisa Ruh, who lives above the bluffs in Del Mar. "The days when the police aren't here, everybody does the same access that they did before, it's not stopping anyone.”
Ruh lives across the beach, on 10th Street, but says they would have to walk to 15th Street to cross legally. Or they have to access the beach from Torrey Pines. They agree something needs to be done to keep people off the tracks, but they don't think the fines are a solution.
"Walking on the tracks, running with headphones right down the center of the tracks and the trains have to honk their horns and blow their whistle," Ruh said.
The NCTD says that when trains have to suddenly stop for people on or near the tracks it leads to delays and can be dangerous for passengers. An NCTD spokesperson says eight people died on the tracks in 2015. So far this year, three have died. The spokesperson did not confirm how many of those were suicides.
On Tuesday night dozens of neighbors packed the Del Mar City Council meeting demanding safe access to the beach. Many said they have been walking along or crossing the tracks in Del Mar for generations.
Hundreds have also signed a petition requesting that the city establish two or more designated sites to cross between 6th Street and 11th Street. They want the issuing of tickets to stop immediately. Ultimately, they don't want trains running through the mile-and-a-half stretch in Del Mar.
"You have opened Pandora's box. You have upset the status quo. And if this continues, we as Del Marians, we will walk down to the bluff as one person and we will chain ourselves to the railroad," said one woman.
Matthew Soble told the council they were handcuffed and searched for simply walking along the tracks.
"I was shirtless with a tight swimsuit on,” Soble said. “So, unless you can hide a Glock in your belly button, there is no way I'm hiding a weapon.”
They said deputies accused them of being drunk.
"They said something like, ‘well you must have been drinking to cross the tracks like that,' which is ridiculous, because hundreds of people walk on the tracks every day,” Soble said.
They were issued a misdemeanor ticket and ordered to appear in court in October.
"If you can't cross that track without getting hit by a train, you shouldn't be crossing the street," Soble argued.
Soble and many others are upset about the heavy law enforcement presence along the bluffs.
"When you have people with guns walking up and down the train tracks looking like they're in riot gear, it's just disgusting," Soble added.
The city council said it has been trying to come up with solutions for better beach access for years.
The NCTD spokesperson said the number of trains through the coastal corridor is expected to double by 2050. They said the agency is required by federal law to address safety concerns.
Casual cable viewers will get a chance to become esports fans over the next several weeks as Turner Sports begins broadcasting live games of Counter Strike: Global Offensive on TBS on Friday nights..
The games, part of a partnership between Turner and William Morris Endeavor/International Management Group, have been dubbed ELEAGUE and are the result of a year of planning between the two companies, who have bet that now is the time to start introducing non-esports fans to the entertainment.
Turner likes that esports already has a digital-savvy audience, according to Craig Barry, an executive vice president of production and chief content officer at Turner Sports. With traditional sports, they said, the challenge is to create a digital presence for that sport. Esports has the opposite challenge. Representatives from WME/IMG first pitched Turner about ELEAGUE about a year ago, and the two have been working towards this production since.
The league will take place over 10 weeks and consists, at least for this season, exclusively of Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. Several high-profile esports organizations like Counter Logic Gaming, Team SoloMid, and Cloud 9, have agreed to take part in the competition, which has a $1.2 million prize pool.
As market research reports continue to roll in projecting growth of esports as an industry, interest from mainstream entities like Turner has also increased. Esports fans are generally millennials aged 18-34, the same audience that Barry sees as the primary target for ELEAGUE.
“We feel like there's a strong Millennial draw here,” they said.
Turner and WME IMG have covered their bases in that regard, announcing a partnership with Twitch a few days before the start of the league. The partnership is a multi-year agreement, according to a press release, and has Twitch distributing several hours of ELEAGUE coverage on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and a simulcast with the TV show on Friday nights.
How to draw in non-esports fans though? This was a key concern, according to both Barry and Tobias Sherman, the WME IMG global head of esports.
“For this particular product, as an entry point, we had to choose a game that… had to be authentic, had to have a rich history,” they said. “It had to be easily unpacked to a new consumer, yet have a hardcore audience as well.”
Counter-Strike offers a real world setting, without the aliens, special powers, and disparate settings that might require the explanation necessary for viewers to connect with, say, Starcraft II or League of Legends.
“For any newbie, you want to get a property or an intellectual property that has a great point of accessibility,” Barry said. “When you look at Counter-Strike, besides the rich history, you're looking at a property that lends itself to that more accessible point of entry. That was really important.”
Turner has built out a 200 plus person arena in Atlanta. As far as production costs, ELEAGUE should be on par with baseball and basketball games in terms of resources and manpower, Barry said. Turner Sports broadcasts Major League Baseball games on TBS, National Basketball Association games on TNT, and owns Bleacher Report.
The league has already attracted several non-endemic advertising partnerships, in particular Arby's, Buffalo Wild Wings , and Credit Karma.
ELEAGUE is not the first attempt to put esports on television. In 2007, DirectTV launched the Championship Gaming Series, which featured Counter-Strike: Source, Dead or Alive 4, FIFA 07, and Project Gotham Racing 3. That effort continued for a second year in 2008, but was then discontinued.
Barry and Sherman said that while “business and monetary metrics” would play a part in defining the success of the effort, they were concerned with how ELEAGUE would be received by the community. While that's not really a shocking stance for two executives promoting a new product to take, it reflects what other people involved in esports at a high level have told me: the esports community can't be pushed into anything. Multiple sources have told me that “you can't make an esport, the community has to decide it's an esport.” Barry and Sherman echoed that sentiment when talking about ELEAGUE's potential.
“Esports is different [than stick and ball sports],” Barry said. You have to be extremely authentic. You have to be extremely generous with your product and your interactivity and you have to listen to them. The community is so concentrated and so dense, you have to make sure you're listening to the feedback. In traditional sports… the game is established. In esports, not only do they love their team and their players, they love their community.”
The case of an Ontario man who was charged more than $80,000 on their credit card for purchases they claim they didn't make is raising new questions about the security of online and credit card transactions and whether banks are shifting liability for fraud to their customers.
Three years ago, Jason Monaco sued the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce after the bank insisted they were responsible for charging the cost of a custom-built race car to their bank-issued Visa card, a purchase Monaco says they never made.
Monaco, the founder and managing partner of a Toronto investment relations firm, alleges in their lawsuit that they discovered the charge of $81,276 "during a routine check of their Visa account balance" in June 2010.
After CIBC was alerted, the bank ultimately removed a second charge of $4,972 that Monaco also disputed. Their lawsuit alleges that although both transactions bore the same fraudulent signature on the transaction receipts, CIBC is holding Monaco responsible for the car purchase because that transaction was completed using a personal identification number (PIN) in conjunction with the card's embedded chip.
Fraudulent PIN transactions 'impossible'
Monaco declined to speak about the case. Monaco and CIBC have also filed claims against the business where the fraudulent transaction took place.
In its statement of defence, CIBC argues that "it is not possible to process a chip and PIN transaction without the Visa card and the confidential PIN."
Steven Murdoch, a researcher with the computer laboratory at Britain's Cambridge University, disagrees that "chip and PIN" security is impenetrable.
"It's actually quite an old technology — between 15 and 20 years old."
Several years ago Murdoch and their colleagues demonstrated a number of flaws in the system.
One allows criminals to use a bit of hardware to fool the card into accepting any random PIN entered on a merchant's card terminal. That acceptance, and not the PIN itself, is then sent to the bank, making it appear that the correct PIN was entered.
"And sometimes as a result, customers are refused a refund," Murdoch says. "Even though they've been the victim of fraud and they have not been negligent."
Murdoch managed to shrink the hardware required to the size of a deck of cards, but they say criminals in France were able to put it on a microchip and embed it on counterfeit cards.
Caveats and conditions
But the Ontario lawsuit does more than raise questions about chip and PIN security.
The Regina Police Service has charged a 37-year-old man in three recent "tap" theft cases. (Ryan Remiorz/Canadian Press)
CIBC's lawyers say the caveats in Monaco's cardholder agreement also make them responsible for the charge.
"The primary cardholder is liable for any transactions made on the Visa account" the language reads, "if any cardholder uses a PIN to make the transaction."
CIBC also points to a condition that stipulates cardholders are responsible for all charges until the bank is alerted that a card is lost or stolen.
Monaco claims their card was neither lost, stolen nor did they divulge their PIN to anyone.
Further, their lawsuit claims that CIBC's reliance on fine print and an "exclusion of liability clause is unconscionable."
CIBC declined to discuss the case.
The bank, along with ScotiaBank, National bank, Royal Bank and TD Canada Trust, also declined to answer specific questions about the lengthy agreements customers implicitly accept by using bank-issued credit and debit cards, or on-line banking services.
Interview requests to Bank of Montreal were not acknowledged.
A spokesperson for TD offered a general reply that the "spirit" of the bank's online security guarantee is to cover clients' losses in case of fraud, adding that the bank looks "at every situation case by case".
A survey of the electronic banking agreements for the big six institutions reveals a variety of conditions imposed on clients. They include requirements such as having the latest anti-virus software on any computer used for banking, and not using a PIN, password or security question that's too easy to guess.
CIBC's electronic access agreement also makes customers potentially liable if they use software that collects and displays financial information from different sources. One such aggregation service is a popular one offered by Mint.com.
Conditions 'quite reasonable'
Maura Drew-Lytle, a spokesperson for the Canadian Bankers Association, says the various conditions aren't onerous.
"[The banks] are quite reasonable in my opinion," Drew-Lytle said.
"Generally, if they don't think you have knowingly contributed to the fraud, then chances are you will get reimbursed. Again, it's case by case. They have to look at that."
Last year, Canada's six largest banks reimbursed clients some $9 million for fraudulent online transactions. The most recent statistics (2012) on credit card and debit card payouts top half a billion dollars.
But the banks don't provide statistics on the value of fraud they don't cover, or the number of clients they refuse to make whole.
Ombudsman for Banking Services and Investments Douglas Melville says they aren't seeing a significant number of clients complaining about caveat-laden agreements.
"I think the bank's legal departments are going to do what they need to in order to protect the interests of the banks," Melville says.
"If there's truly no evidence of clients being in some kind of compromising situation like having written down the PIN on their wallet or their card, our experience is that banks have generally been looking after their customers quite well."
Conservative MP James Rajotte, who chairs the parliamentary finance committee, said they were surprised the banks wouldn't talk about their agreements.
"I mean they're agreements that are easily obtainable, so I would think it would be entirely reasonable to expect they would be willing to discuss those publicly."
Banks offered blanket assurances
Glenn Thibeault, the NDP's consumer affairs critic, notes that a number of bank and credit card officials recently testified at finance committee hearings into mobile digital payments. They said they offered blanket assurances that clients are protected from electronic fraud losses.
"Zero-liability also has 10 asterisks beside it," Thibeault said. "Zero liability isn't actually going to be in effect if this is the way banks are doing this."
The debate about what's reasonable to expect from bank customers in the digital frontier will only become more pointed, said Larry Keating, CEO of NPC, an Ontario firm that helps professionals and organizations secure their computers.
They said efforts of cybercriminals to exploit security weaknesses can be brilliant, nasty and difficult for unsophisticated users to completely prevent.
"When the bank has requirements in those agreements," Keating says, "in my mind that hasn't been resolved as to who will be responsible for what and how. The banks can hold their ground and they're going to have an enormous public relations issue."
“What I think is going to be really cool is as the form factor keeps on getting smaller and smaller, [it] stops being big goggles or headset, but instead it just looks like normal glasses or sunglasses.” – Mark Zuckerberg
The idea of a glasses style form factor is one of the great dreams of VR – something that is closer to glasses than it is ski goggles. Since the 80s and 90s, when VR really first emerged screen sizes have prevented that dream from becoming a reality; but the smartphone market has pushed the mini display market forward in the last ten years at a faster rate than ever before. Founded in 1993 during the height of virtual reality's first revolution, eMagin is one of the companies pushing the boundaries of mini display technology. Today I had a chance to try out the company's latest display technology – a pair of 2K micro OLED displays integrated into a pretty darn cool looking HMD.
Still in a prototype stage, eMagin's HMD (which right now is nameless) shows quite a bit of promise, despite a number of shortcomings we will get to in a moment. First and foremost, the focus is on the displays which are among the crispest I have seen in VR – despite a low refresh rate under the demo conditions I received. At 2K resolution and running on an Alienware laptop attached to an external GPU housing containing a GTX 960, the HMD was only able to support a 60Hz refresh rate at the full resolution. Speaking with Dan Cui, eMagin's VP of Business Development, they claim that the HMD in its current state can run at 85Hz at full resolution on a proper rig which would put it between the DK2 and Crescent Bay – meaning that issues I noted with the refresh rate may be nearly moot. Additionally, Cui was confident that with “some upgrades” eMagin would be able to get the displays running at 120Hz – which would put it on par with the Sony Morpheus.
When still, display itself was gorgeous albeit one current caveat – it was only a two color display, only red and green LEDs, no blue. The current prototype hardware was originally developed for Air Force pilot training and the lack of blue is purposeful because fighter pilots usually wear lenses that filter out blue light in order to increase the contrast of objects in the skies. Cui says that an updated version of the prototype with blue pixels included would be ready “in a few months.” Despite the lack of color, objects in the HMD were amazingly crisp even at a bit of a distance and I noticed absolutely no screen door effect. The demo I was shown was fairly simplistic – a rendering of a room in a house, but despite feeling like I was trying a colorblindness demo I definitely achieved a momentary feeling of Presence – and then I moved my head. It is a little difficult to compare the display to those on the Crescent Bay, HTC Vive, or Sony Morpheus because of the color, but in terms of crispness it was a noticeable degree better.
The headset's electronics are embedded in a disk on the back of the device. The disk contains a DisplayPort 1.2 which transmits the video to the device using Low Voltage Differential Signaling (LVDS) video processing standard that supports the high level of bandwidth needed for the displays. “Basically it is conversion between the dataport, signaling and the LVDS,” says Cui. During my demo Cui held the cords in place because the cords on the current prototype have a tendency to fall out when you move your head. As of right now, the headset only has an embedded IMU for headtracking, but Cui says the displays could work using “something like Lighthouse” to add positional tracking.
The headset also manages to achieve a 80 degree horizontal and vertical FOV with a diagonal 110-degree FOV – which is fairly impressive given the incredibly small distance between the lens and the screen. Although having put my girlfriend through more than a few demos – I am sure that the 15mm of eye relief on this current HMD might be a little low (eyelashes, mascara, etc.).
Besides the displays, the form factor was an obvious plus. The headset itself was extremely comfortable, fitting on my face nicely like a pair of swimming goggles. It felt very balanced, with the technology embedded in the puck on the back, and the displays and custom glass lenses in the front. The flip up feature was also very nice – and would be one I would welcome in HMDs of the future.
All in all, the HMD was solid for exactly what it was intended to be – a tech demo showing off eMagin's microdisplay technology and how it could work with VR. Cui says that eMagin is “in talks with all the major headset companies” about integration of their display technology. If Cui's belief that these microdisplays will manage 120Hz in the near future proves true – we could easily see the form factor of HMDs reach closer to Zuckerberg's vision much sooner than many may have anticipated.
Tagged with: 2k, display, head mounted display, HMD, htc vive, lighthouse, oculus rift, virtual reality, VR
Slaven Bilic speaks to Sky Sports News after being sacked and says they have no hard feelings towards the club Slaven Bilic speaks to Sky Sports News after being sacked and says they have no hard feelings towards the club
Slaven Bilic admits they expected to be sacked after confirmation on Monday that West Ham are looking for a new manager.
Bilic was fired on Monday morning, less than 24 hours after their side fell into the Premier League's bottom three thanks to Everton's 3-2 win over Watford.
A day earlier, the Hammers had suffered their sixth league defeat of the season, going down 4-1 to Liverpool at the London Stadium to pile the pressure on the Croat, who had joined the club as manager in June 2015.
Bilic had been heavily backed in the transfer market last summer, bringing in high-profile signings like Marko Arnautovic, Javier Hernandez and England goalkeeper Joe Hart.
But results failed to pick up sufficiently after a slow start to the season, the Hammers being forced to play away from home while the London Stadium was being turned back into a football venue after hosting the World Athletics Championships.
And, after Monday's decision, owners David Gold and David Sullivan now have to turn their attentions to a replacement for Bilic, with former Everton and Manchester United boss David Moyes the front-runner to take over.
Speaking on their way out of the club's Rush Green training base, Bilic said: "I am sad and disappointed but not in the club, I expected it to be fair.
Sky Sports' Tony Gale explains why they are unhappy with the way West Ham sacked Slaven Bilic Sky Sports' Tony Gale explains why they are unhappy with the way West Ham sacked Slaven Bilic
"There are no hard feelings. I am going to be, especially when some time goes by, very proud of my work here.
"We didn't start this crucial season well. We had a really good, or great, or very good first season, then the second season we knew was going to be a difficult one in a transition to move to the new stadium and all the difficulties we had.
"We coped with that at the end really good, finished middle of the table, but then this season we hoped we could make that step from the start and we just didn't make it - as in many clubs in the Premier League and across Europe the manager is the one who pays the price.
Jason Burt thinks West Ham would be taking a huge risk appointing David Moyes to succeed Slaven Bilic at the London Stadium Jason Burt thinks West Ham would be taking a huge risk appointing David Moyes to succeed Slaven Bilic at the London Stadium
"You are always hoping, and you believe in yourself, that you can turn it around and do it, but that doesn't mean I don't understand the move the club has made. It is a very logical move.
"The fans were brilliant with me from the start until the very end, and I really felt it. It's not just words. For me, this was more than a job, it was personal because of my relationship with the club, one I played for.
"They came here for my first game, a team from Andorra, and made a full house. You have to respect that and nothing will change that memory for me."
See How Much Money the NRA Has Spent on Congressional Races Near You A new tool from Slate sifts through more than 25 years of the gun group's expenditures.
The failure of Congress to advance gun legislation in the wake of the deadliest mass shooting in modern American history has once again raised questions about the influence of the National Rifle Association, the powerful gun lobbying force that opposes reform.
Stay Informed Subscribe to receive The Trace's newsletters on important gun news and analysis. Email address The Canon Sent every Saturday. Our guide to the week's most revealing, must-read reporting on gun issues.
The Daily Bulletin Sent weekday mornings. Get up to speed with The Trace's latest articles and other important news of the day. Leave this field empty if you're human:
The NRA exerts its influence by pressuring lawmakers to adhere to its strict interpretation of the Second Amendment. Those that don't meet this test get failing grades from the organization, and face potential backlash at the polls from its claimed five million members. The NRA also spends a great deal of money — more now than ever before — to elect, or defeat, lawmakers.
In May, The Trace and the New York Daily News examined the gun group's election spending over the last three election cycles. The focus was on independent expenditures, or cash spent on ads and other media, separate from what is given directly to candidates.
After 2010, when the Supreme Court lifted the cap on election spending by outside groups, the NRA's expenditures increased dramatically. By 2014, the group had disbursed over $56 million to influence federal elections, almost all of it in the service of electing Republicans.
Slate has put together a widget that allows readers to see how the federal lawmakers who represent them have been affected by NRA spending. The data goes back to 1990, and accounts for the organization's total spending per election cycle, not just independent expenditures.
On July 5, Congress goes back into session, and the NRA will encounter advocates of tougher gun laws eager for a fight. The gun group will also have its eye on the November elections. For the first time in a decade, Republicans have majorities in both chambers going into a national election, which puts the NRA in the unique position of playing defense. In the coming months, the organization's spending will ramp up, and if the trend continues along the lines of the last three election cycles, it will reach unprecedented levels.
[Photo: Shutterstock]
A preliminary inquiry for two people accused of plotting to attack a Halifax shopping mall resumed Wednesday.
23-year-old Lindsay Kantha Souvannarath of Geneva, Ill., and 21-year-old Randall Steven Shepherd of Halifax are each charged with conspiracy to commit murder, conspiracy to commit arson, illegal possession of dangerous weapons and making a threat through social media.
None of the allegations has been proven in court.
This is the second day of three days that are scheduled for the inquiry, which is subject to a publication ban that prohibits reporting what is heard in Halifax provincial court.
So far, there have been eight witnesses, three Canadian Border Service Agency officers and five police officers.
One more police officer will testify when the preliminary resumes July 23.
After that, a trial date will be set in Nova Scotia Supreme Court for the trial by judge and jury.
The Crown alleges there was a plot to attack the Halifax Shopping Centre on Valentine's Day with a 19-year-old man, who was found dead in their Halifax home.
VIDEO: Rapping Federal Worker Adds To Evidence Of Waste And Excess
Oversight and Reform YouTube
As if there wasn't enough outrage already about the "excessive and wasteful" spending by the federal government's General Services Administration at a 2010 conference in Las Vegas, now there's video evidence that seems to show that some GSA employees think it's funny to joke about wasting taxpayers' money.
The House Committee on Oversight & Government Reform has released a rap video made by a GSA employee in Hawaii in which they poke fun at buying "everything you field office can't afford" and says he'll "spend BA 61 all on fun."
According to the GSA, "BA 61" is a "budget activity that provides funds to all Government-owned facilities that are maintained and operated by the General Services Adminstration. ... BA 61 also funds staff support (including salaries, travel, training, etc.). ..."
The rapper also says, "I'll never be under OIG investigation."
Oops. OIG would be the "office of inspector general." And the GSA's IG is the office that this week issued the scathing report about the Las Vegas conference — a report that led to the forced resignation of GSA administrator Martha Johnson and the firing of two top GSA officials.
But there's more. The video, according to the committee, was given an award at the Las Vegas conference and was played at the "Capstone Dinner Event." And the rapper — Hank Terlaje from one of GSA's offices in Hawaii — was named "honorary commissioner." (He's declined to comment about all this, The Washington Post reports.)
The committee has put together a video that combines the highlights of Terlaje's rap with some scenes from the Capstone Dinner. It's also posted the "complete video & award ceremony.
The videos were given to the committee by the GSA inspector general's office.
Ajit Pai, the Republican chairperson of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), announced on Tuesday that the FCC will vote to roll back Obama-era net neutrality rules that require internet service providers to treat all web traffic equally.
Pai in a statement blasted the rules as "heavy-handed, utility-style" regulation of the internet imposed by Democrats.
ADVERTISEMENT
"Today, I have shared with my colleagues a draft order that would abandon this failed approach and return to the longstanding consensus that served consumers well for decades," Pai said. "Under my proposal, the federal government will stop micromanaging the Internet."
"Instead, the FCC would simply require Internet service providers to be transparent about their practices so that consumers can buy the service plan that's best for them and entrepreneurs and other small businesses can have the technical information they need to innovate," they said.
The commission will vote on the proposal at its Dec. 14 meeting. With Republicans holding three of the FCC's five seats, the repeal is expected to pass.
Pai said they would release the full text of their plan to the public on Wednesday, but they made clear that they believe the Federal Trade Commission is better equipped to police internet service providers than the FCC.
In a call with reporters, a senior FCC official who spoke on the condition of anonymity said that under the proposed rules internet service providers will be able to block, throttle or prioritize certain web content as long as they publicly disclose that they do so.
The Federal Trade Commission would then be able to take action against providers if they're found to be engaging in anticompetitive behavior.
According to the official, the draft proposal would also pre-empt state and local governments from implementing their own net neutrality rules. They said Congress could choose to replace the FCC rules with legislation but that it wouldn't be necessary since all of the major internet providers have committed to not blocking content.
The move is a win for companies like Verizon, Comcast and AT&T, which would be freed of restrictions on blocking or throttling certain content or requiring websites to buy into internet "fast lanes."
But to net neutrality supporters, repealing the rules means giving those companies a free pass to block, slow or favor certain internet content.
"Our Internet economy is the envy of the world because it is open to all," Democratic FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel said in a statement. "This proposal tears at the foundation of that openness. It hands broadband providers the power to decide what voices to amplify, which sites we can visit, what connections we can make, and what communities we create. It throttles access, stalls opportunity, and censors content."
Internet providers applauded the announcement, saying the industry has suffered under the rules.
“Today's action will provide tremendous opportunity for American broadband consumers, no matter where they live," said Jonathan Spalter, CEO of the trade group USTelecom. "The removal of antiquated, restrictive regulations will pave the way for broadband network investment, expansion and upgrades."
Republican lawmakers also praised the announcement and called for Congress to come up with a legislative replacement to the rules. Democrats have largely been resistant to such action over concerns that any bill would be a watered-down version of the FCC's regulations.
“The last administration's approach of regulating the internet with depression era phone rules is deeply flawed," said Sen. John Thune John Randolph ThunePolls: Hiking estate tax less popular than taxing mega wealth, income Will Trump sign the border deal? Here's what we know Key GOP senator pitches Trump: Funding deal a 'down payment' on wall MORE (R-S.D.), chairperson of the Senate Commerce Committee. "While I support Chairman Pai's efforts as an improvement, I still strongly believe the only way to create long term certainty for the internet ecosystem is for Congress to pass a bipartisan law.”
--This report was updated at 2:50 p.m.
(Tea Provided For Review)
There is quite a lot of variance in the dry leaves, as you can see towards the left is a rather large strangely shaped ball and then there are some fairly normal sized pellets. There is a strong vegetable aroma to the leaves, quite interesting since many of the teas I tried so far from Eco-Cha have been more savory/herbaceous than floral and there is a foresty smell as well.
Tasting Notes: I was surprised by the very light orchid taste this tea has, as I said before I like that Eco-Cha's oolongs aren't predominantly floral; I don't know if non-floral oolongs are becoming rare or if I am just looking in the wrong places. Otherwise it is quite nice, it has a thin mouthfeel for a high mountain oolong, but it is quite pleasant nonetheless.
Tasting Notes: The floral notes have completely disappeared and the aroma has become both distinctly Pine and Fir. I was quite surprised that it smells so similar to the two trees definitely brought me back to walking through the woods on the way to class. The tea is a little crisper then the previous steeping, I almost want to say sharp, but not quite.
Tasting Notes: It is much simpler by now, the pine taste and vegetable tastes have disappeared as well as the fir scent. This time there is a little bit of redwood in there and a honey taste as well. This might have been my favorite steeping even though it is by far the simplest.
Unfortunately at the time of writing this, this particularly tea is sold out, otherwise I would have bought a bit of it. While I still have a couple samples left from Eco-Cha I immediately wanted to buy this again. I suppose I'll have to wait to the next harvest before getting this again. Eco-Cha is really starting to grow on me, while I do love Beautiful Taiwan Tea for their floral oolongs; I am rather fond of the herbaceous/savory oolongs I've tried from Eco-cha. I am a little curious if this tea will age well, I've been told in the past that generally lower quality oolongs age better than the higher quality ones, but I am considering buying some of the next harvest of High Mountain Concubine and hiding it away for a while.
So, mainly for my own sanity, here are a few thoughts to get off my chest about the whole ‘gender debate'. This might be a long thread so please feel free to scroll on by if it's not for you. So, here goes:
Obviously, like pretty much all GC people, I think all trans people should live long and fulfilling lives, free of discrimination and harassment. Wear what you want, identify how you want, have consenting sex with who you want and marry (or not marry) who you want
But biological sex exists. Regardless of how you identify, sorry - it still exists. The beautiful thing about facts is they remain true if you believe in them or not. For me, this is a big reason for the impasse in this debate.
Harry Reid's ham-fisted action to curb the filibuster of presidential appointment creates an enormous political opportunity for Republicans in 2014. As more than one pundit has noted, ending the filibuster for nominations means that a Senate Republican majority can end the filibuster for legislation as well, and Reid has removed the political cover for Democrats who would have used the filibuster to block Republican initiatives.
What we have today bears remarkable similarities to the Republican tidal wave twenty years ago, in 1994. Newt Gingrich and other House Republicans tested with polling data the most telling weaknesses of Democrats on policy issues, and from that, they produced the "Contract With America."
The Contract was emphatically not a promise that Republicans would be able to pass into law (or into constitutional amendment) the ten items on the list. What Gingrich rather promised was that if Republicans ran the House of Representatives, they would bring each of the ten items up for a vote in the House within the first 100 days of the Congress. House Republicans did everything promised, and did it ahead of schedule.
Until 1994, House Democrat leadership provided members of their caucus with cover by simply not bringing politically popular conservative measures before the House for a vote. Bills that the Democrat leadership did not want members to have to vote on were simply dumped into the Rules Committee or never heard in the committee assigned the bill.
In the Senate, any party that had at least forty-one stalwart votes could prevent a measure from coming before the Senate, and, as in the House, the party that controlled the Senate and its committees could also prevent any bill from being voted on by the Senate. Reid has changed that for good. If Republicans gain six seats in the Senate, then they can amend the rule on cloture for legislation, and the new Republican leadership can call up any bill for a roll call vote to nail each senator's hide on a clear record.
Because it is highly likely that Republicans will have an even larger House majority after 2014, this means that something like a Contract With America, only this time proposed by Senate Republicans, can tell America that within 100 days of taking power, the new Republican Senate leadership will call up for vote a number of items, and the House can promise to swiftly pass the bills and send these to the Senate well before that date.
What items should be in the new Contract? Each should be very popular and very easy to understand. Repealing Obamacare and replacing it with a bill that allows people to keep their own health insurance plan is one thought. Allowing interstate competition for health insurance is another idea. Enacting tort reform for medical lawsuits -- or maybe simply taxing all contingent fees above $1,000,0000 at a 95% tax rate? -- is another idea. Why not put into law that any health care plan for ordinary Americans must be the health care plan for all members of the federal government?
Senate Republicans, when proclaiming their Contract, and promising that each item will come up for an up-or-down vote within 100 days of taking power, can also put Harry Reid in trouble right now. They can challenge them to do today what Republicans promise to do when they take power. They can ask Senate Democrats in red states facing voters in 2014 to support their efforts to bring these items up now -- confident that Reid and Senate Democrats will never allow such a vote while they have power.
The problems for Democrats will get much worse in January 2015. Because of what Reid has done with the filibuster, the House can quickly pass those ten bills, and the Senate majority can then compel all Senate members to vote "Yea" or "Nay" on these ten items. Obama will, of course, veto all the measures, and then Democrats in both houses of Congress will have to go on record as voting to override Obama (and so defying their president and party leader), or else voting to support Obama's veto. These Democrats will have no good choices at all.
Republicans will be able to address each issue Americans care about, and no filibuster will be able to prevent them from putting each Democrat in Congress on record. Obama's vetoes will make them increasingly look like a hapless president whose only approach to the problems our nation faces is to veto bills sent to them by Congress.
That means that in 2016, Democrats will be on the defensive, with members of Congress in both houses trying to explain to voters why they supported Obama. And it will allow Republicans to make a compelling case as to why American needs a president who will sign reforms passed by a Republican Congress -- and reforms wanted by the American people.
Rethink needed on availability of legal aid
Commenting on Lord Neuberger's speech published yesterday, Chair of the Bar Andrew Langdon QC has said that a complete rethink on the availability and sufficiency of legal aid is needed in order to prevent excluding those who cannot afford its protection.
In a speech published yesterday, the President of the Supreme Court analysed what has gone wrong with Legal Aid over the last 20 years. They said,'many people [are faced] with the unedifying choice of being driven from the courts or having to represent themselves.'
Explaining that the ever increasing complexity of the law renders the need for access to legal advice all the greater, Lord Neuberger pointed out that it'verges on the hypocritical for governments to bestow rights on citizens while doing very little to ensure that those rights are enforceable.'
In the end, this is a rule of law issue, they said:'The two fundamental functions of any government are the defence of the realm and the maintenance of the rule of law. Historically, these were the only two functions of government and even today, while social security, health and education may attract more attention and more money, they would be of little value if the government failed to defend the realm or to maintain the rule of law.'
Andrew Langdon QC, Chair of the Bar, said:
"Lord Neuberger's words have added considerable weight to the concerns voiced by the Bar Council and an increasing number of legal professionals that the decline of legal aid since 1999 poses an increasing threat to the rule of law at home.
"There needs to be a complete rethink on the availability and sufficiency of legal aid to prevent a dislocation of the law from the very many who cannot afford its protection."
ENDS
Notes to Editors
Further information is available from the Bar Council Press Office on 020 7222 2525 and Press@BarCouncil.org.uk. The Bar Council represents barristers in England and Wales. It promotes:
The Bar's high quality specialist advocacy and advisory services
Fair access to justice for all
The highest standards of ethics, equality and diversity across the profession, and
The development of business opportunities for barristers at home and abroad.
The General Council of the Bar is the Approved Regulator of the Bar of England and Wales. It discharges its regulatory functions through the independent Bar Standards Board
A valuable bicycle planning and policymaking tool?
The Oregon Department of Transportation (ODOT) is the first state transportation agency in the United States to ink a deal with Strava, a leading website and smartphone app used by people to track their bike rides via GPS.
Last fall, the agency paid $20,000 for one-year license of a dataset that includes the activities of about 17,700 riders and 400,000 individual bicycle trips totaling 5 million BMT (bicycle miles traveled) logged on Strava in 2013. The Strava bike “traces” are mapped to OpenStreetMap.
If all goes according to plan, the data could revolutionize how ODOT makes decisions about their policies, plans, and projects. At the very least, forging boldly into the realm of “big data” and pushing the boundaries of bicycle planning marks an important step for an agency that's facing a very different future and actively looking to shed its old-school, highway-first reputation.
Margi Bradway at the 2012 Oregon
Active Transportation Summit.
(Photo J. Maus/BikePortland)
ODOT Active Transportation Policy Lead Margi Bradway is in charge of the “Strava Bicycle Data Project”. The north Portland resident, mother of two and active bicycle racer, says the idea came to them during a bike ride last summer. “It was during the Rapha lunch ride,” they shared with us on the phone yesterday. “Everyone was checking Strava and I started to wonder, ‘What if we used this data?'” Bradway then turned to Chris Distefano, a veteran of the bike industry who currently works in Rapha's marketing department. They instantly loved the idea and connected Bradway with a manager at Strava.
Bradway says since Strava had never given data to a public agency before, and purchasing data from a private company is also new to ODOT, it took a little while to figure out how to move forward and package the data in a way that felt comfortable for both parties. After several months of negotiations, a contract between ODOT and Strava was signed on September 23rd of last year and the first batch of data was delivered to ODOT on December 20th.
Strava GIS Lead Brian Riordan says ODOT is the first organization to build a data feed with their “Metro” data project. Riordan shared via a comment this morning that, “If you use Strava your city will be able to see the roads you are using while still keeping your data anonymous. It is like voting for cycling for every ride you take.”
So, why did ODOT want to work with Strava in the first place?
The problem for many transportation agencies today is that, while bicycling is on the rise (for both transportation and recreation), there remains a major lack of data. This gap in data makes it much harder to justify bicycle investments, plan for future bicycle traffic growth, illustrate the benefits of bike infrastructure investments, and so on. It also makes non-auto use of roads very easy for agencies to overlook. And while ODOT and many cities do bike counts already, they only measure one location for a short period of time.
Most importantly, current bicycle count methods don't provide any context about how people actually ride. It's this element of “bicycle travel behavior” that ODOT is most excited about.
And while this dearth of data continues to plague the active transportation field, the proliferation of GPS devices and smartphones, and the popularity of apps like Strava and Portland-based Ride With GPS, are creating a huge and valuable user database. That being said, there is a major drawback to using Strava data: it's not representative of all bicycle users. Not even close. Most Strava users tend to be serious riders on training rides. But as anyone can see on the Strava Global Heat Map, there's still much to be learned by analyzing where Strava users ride.
“It won't replace the counts we do, the purpose is to understand cycling behavior and answer questions like, ‘Why do cyclists make the decisions they do?'”
— Margi Bradway, ODOT
Bradway and their six other colleagues on ODOT's Strava Workgroup (which includes planners, GIS staff, and Bicycle and Pedestrian Program Coordinator Sheila Lyons) are well aware of this limitation. “It's very important,” they said, “to articulate to transportation planners that this is a very small sample size.”
The Strava Workgroup has done some analysis of trips using Portland's Hawthorne Bridge bike counter. When they compared those numbers with Strava data of the same day and time, they found 2.5% of the trips were made by Strava users. Given that the Hawthorne Bridge is primarily a route for bicycle commuters, Bradway feels it offers a conservative sample size. “In other areas, like Skyline or Rock Creek Road [both of which are popular training routes], it would be much higher.”
It's important to remember that ODOT doesn't manage many city streets so they'll focus more on the arterials and rural roads they have jurisdiction over. And before you think ODOT is planning the future of bicycling in Oregon with this data, keep in mind that this is in its early stages. ODOT sees 2014 as a “research year” for the Strava partnership (which will wrap up by January 2015). In this first year, they'll focus on three main tasks.
“Challenges with public data include sample control and bias. However, the private sector has the innovation and flexibility to create new tools to collect new types of data.”
— From ODOT's Purpose and Need documentation
The first task is to format the raw data into something ODOT staff can easily access and use in their daily workflow. To do this, they'll rely on their GIS unit and a tool known as TransGIS. If you're interested in using the data, you'll be disappointed to hear that as per their contract with Strava, ODOT cannot share any raw data: They can only share it in the form of a report or a heat map.
The second task is internal outreach and education. As part of this project, Bradway has already started the education process by giving internal presentations to various ODOT departments and management teams. One of the key points they hope to make is that this is not quantitative data. “It won't replace the counts we do, the purpose is to understand cycling behavior and answer questions like, ‘Why do cyclists make the decisions they do?'”
Dr. Jennifer Dill, a bicycle researcher at Portland State University, was one of the first to see the value of using GPS to understand bicycling behavior. Them groundbreaking study in 2007 led to important insights about how the built environment determines bicycling behavior. “This type of GPS data can be useful in seeing where cyclists choose to ride,” says Dill. “You can compare the routes they take to alternative routes and come up with quantitative values for things like bike lanes, less traffic, avoiding stop signs, etc.”
The third, and most interesting task for ODOT's Strava Workgoup is to explore pilot projects where the data can inform policy and project decisions. And Bradway says, that work has already begun. “We looked at trips in Oregon City,” Bradway shared. “There was an intersection with a bike lane where people were going out of the lane and through a parking lot and other people were using the crosswalk to cross. Why do cyclists choose to act like pedestrians in certain situations? When do they take shortcuts, and why? By looking at the engineering and the Strava data I can tell that something is going on at that intersection.”
The data can help ODOT engineers understand how — and how many — people use the Oregon Coast Bike Route.
(Photo J. Maus/BikePortland)
ODOT has also already put Strava data to use in a highway management context. Crews wanted to count bicycle traffic on a bridge on Highway 101; but they realized their counters weren't capturing all the traffic. This was because people on bikes choose a variety of ways to access the bridge. Looking at Strava data, ODOT was able to find a new location for the counters that captured more of the bicycling activity. The Strava data has also helped inform the conversation about where to install rumble strips on several highways.
Other places the data could prove useful include: verifying the presence of bicycle use on rural roads; integration into travel demand models and forecasts; construction detour plans; maintenance scheduling, and so on.
The potential of all this is exciting. While the sample size issues exist today, if more — and more types — of riders knew ODOT (and other agencies) where using GPS information to inform their decisions, more people would start tracking their trips. (Other apps exist, like San Francisco County's CycleTracks, but they have nowhere near the user base, resources, or data analysis capabilities of Strava.)
Concurrent with ODOT's Strava Bicycle Data Project, the agency is also funding a new research project through the Oregon Transportation Research Education Consortium at PSU. That research, titled Crowdsourcing as a Data Collection Method for Bicycle Performance Measures, will be led by Dr. Miguel Figliozzi and will “test smartphone technology advances as they relate to gathering information on bike travel”.
While ODOT is a pioneer in this field, other states have gotten wind of the project and plan to launch similar efforts. Tim Blagden, executive director of the Bike-Walk Alliance of New Hampshire, said they plan to launch their project this summer. “We intend to use the sample set to update statewide bicycle maps, to assist our discussions on rumble strip placement, to augment our bike counts, and more,” they wrote to us via email.
For Bradway, this project signifies more than just potential for bicycle planning, it's a sign that ODOT is testing the waters of “big data” and public/private partnerships. “ODOT is just starting to dip its toe into this area of buying data we don't control,” they said. “Our research unit is watching this very closely.”
So are we.
— To learn more, download a PDF of the Purpose and Need for the Strava Bicycle Data Project. For a discussion about using Strava for bicycle planning, read this discussion thread on our recent post which includes comments from a Strava engineer.
Front Page
margi bradway, odot, strava
newz
One of our readers has just sent us a picture of Gigabyte's upcoming custom Radeon RX Vega 64.
Gigabyte Radeon RX Vega 64 GAMING OC
Contrary to previous reports (which by the way were true, but Gigabyte changed their story after they received a new batch of Vega chips) the company is indeed making a custom Radeon RX Vega 64.
The rumors were that only RX Vega 56 would be made in GAMING OC variant, but the card you see below is, in fact, RX Vega 64. The card is dual-fan design (probably a new variant of Windorce 2X cooler).
The card features non-standard display output configuration: 3x HDMI + 3x DisplayPort (Gigabyte says goodbye to DVI).
The board is slightly shorter than the cooler itself, but judging from the pictures this model is using custom PCB.
The card may appear small, but in reality, the RX Vega 64 Gaming OC is much bigger than the reference design:
More pictures:
VCN GIGABYTE RX Vega 64 8GB GAMING OC GPU : Vega 10 XT Base Clock : 1276 MHz (+2.3%) Cores : 4096 Boost Clocks : 1560 MHz (+0.9%) TMUs : 256 Memory Clock : 1890 Mbps ROPs : 64 Memory : 8 GB HBM2 2048b
Many thanks to John56 for the picture!
Recent research supports the conclusions of a controversial environmental study released 40 years ago: The world is on track for disaster. So says Australian physicist Graham Turner, who revisited perhaps the most groundbreaking academic work of the 1970s,The Limits to Growth.
Written by MIT researchers for an international think tank, the Club of Rome, the study used computers to model several possible future scenarios. The business-as-usual scenario estimated that if human beings continued to consume more than nature was capable of providing, global economic collapse and precipitous population decline could occur by 2030.
However, the study also noted that unlimited economic growth was possible, if governments forged policies and invested in technologies to regulate the expansion of humanity's ecological footprint. Prominent economists disagreed with the report's methodology and conclusions. Yale's Henry Wallich opposed active intervention, declaring that limiting economic growth too soon would be “consigning billions to permanent poverty.”
Turner compared real-world data from 1970 to 2000 with the business-as-usual scenario. They found the predictions nearly matched the facts. “There is a very clear warning bell being rung here,” they say. “We are not on a sustainable trajectory.”
I received a message from my secret santa letting me know that there were a couple somethings on the way, but it was a little delayed. They also let me know that they were making something for me, and I LOVE handmade gifts!
I waited patiently for the arrival of my present. It came on Monday, but I've been working late hours, and I had a hard time getting to my apartment office during open hours until today! The lady in the office told me, "Yeah, I think there's a package for your apartment. It's, like, long and thin and huge." (I've gotten used to going into the office and asking for a parcel when I have no idea what size or shape it's going to be, haha.)
They brought out a large flat package the size of a large poster. I brought it home and, after my boyfriend figured out how to get past all the staples ("No peeking!" they scolded), I was surprised to find an AWESOME sign like the one on the original Muppet Show! I double-checked the tracking numbers that my santa had sent, and was amazed to find out THIS was the handmade one! I'm MAJORLY impressed, and I'm so excited to hang this sign in my apartment!
There is another package that's probably out for delivery today. I'll edit this when I get it!
THANK YOU SO MUCH, SANTA!!
Edit: My apartment complex failed to let me know that my other package had arrived. I picked it up this morning, and it's a super cute Kermit! Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaay! (He does the wiggle arms perfectly!)
Charice played Sunshine in Glee in 2010 but over time has changed their hair and clothes to a more male appearance.
A former Glee star that shone on our 2010 TV screens has revealed their new identity.
Charice Pempengco, a Filipino actor and singer that shot to stardom for their role in Glee as exchange student Sunshine Corazo, as well as producing a US top 10 album, has unveiled their new name this week: Jake Zyrus.
​The former Glee star, who was born Charmaine Clarice Relucio Pempengco, announced their new name via their Twitter account @jakezyrus.
They posted their first tweet, saying: "Overwhelmed. Saw all your love comments and I'm so happy. Finally. I love you, everyone and see you soon."
READ MORE:
* Singer's father killed with ice pick
* Teen star gets Botox for Glee
* Tomboy beauty pageant goes viral
There are no tweets from the former Twitter account under Charice's name.
Former Glee star Charice is now Jake Zyrus
On Oprah Winfrey's show Where are They Now in 2014, Zyrus confided they felt that their soul was a male - but they wouldn't operate on their body.
"I'm not going to change my body — I'll cut my hair and wear boy clothes, but that's all," they said on the show.
Charice was discovered in 2007 after becoming a Youtube sensation for delivering an incredible singing voice.
From there they made their way to the stage of The Ellen DeGeneres Show and The Oprah Winfrey Show, the latter that saw them gain more recognition as they sang a Celine Dion cover.
In 2011, their estranged father was stabbed - forcing the star to cancel their Singapore tour.
In 2012, Charice began to wear boyish clothing and cut their hair short. A year later they came out as a lesbian.
You are here:
Randeep Hooda, Aishwarya Rai will be the lead pair in 'Sarabjit' biopic
Mumbai: Mary Kom fame director Omung Kumar's says that actors Randeep Hood and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan will feature in their upcoming film Sarabjit, a biopic on the late Indian death row prisoner in Pakistan.
“Yes Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and Randeep Hooda are going to be apart in my next biopic Sarbjit," Kumar said in statement.
Randeep will play Sarabjit Singh, while Aishwarya will essay their sister Dalbir Kaur Singh.
The movie will narrate the struggle of Dalbir Kaur, whose sole aim in life was to get their brother, who had been mistakenly taken to be an Indian spy, out of jail.
Sarabjit will be shot over one schedule of 70 days in Punjab, starting October 2015.
IANS
Updated Date: Jun 24, 2015 16:32:36 IST
At a meeting of eurozone finance ministers in February, Greece's Yannis Stournaras asked a fairly straightforward question: Could the troika explain what, if any, impact the International Monetary Fund's miscalculation of fiscal multipliers had on the Greek adjustment program?
The question came in the wake of the IMF admitting a few weeks earlier that it had underestimated the recessionary impact that rapid fiscal adjustment would have in the current negative economic climate. The IMF assumed the fiscal multiplier of spending cuts and tax hikes was around 0.5 percent of gross domestic product – in other words, austerity measures equivalent to 1 percent of GDP would produce a 0.5 percent decline in economic activity. Its economists, however, discovered that the real fiscal multiplier was between 0.9 and 1.7 percent of GDP.
In Greece, critics of the bailout saw this as evidence that its austerity formula should be consigned to the rubbish bin. They put considerable pressure on the government to respond to the IMF's revelation. Fearful of what implications an admission that the program had been built on unsound foundations might have on public opinion, the coalition played down the Fund's findings.
Bearing this in mind, Stournaras put a rather tame question to Greece's lenders after admitting to journalists that they could draw no reliable conclusions from the new analysis on the fiscal multipliers provided by the IMF's chief economist Olivier Blanchard.
The response to Stournaras's low-key request was a full-on blast from European Economics and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn. So forceful was the response, in fact, that one had to wonder whether the level of protest suggested that Greece might have a serious case.
Rehn took the unusual step of writing a letter (http://ec.europa.eu/commission_2010-2014/rehn/documents/cab20130213_en.pdf) to all EU finance ministers. It was copied to the key troika players: Mario Draghi of the European Central Bank, Christine Lagarde of the IMF and Klaus Regling of the European Stability Mechanism. In their letter, Rehn referred to discussions about fiscal multipliers as “a debate that has not been helpful and has risked eroding the confidence that we have painstakingly built up over the past few years in numerous late-night meetings.”
Rehn suggested the IMF's new findings on fiscal multipliers were inconsequential because their “robustness is limited” and “it cannot be excluded that other factors impacted on growth.” Just to press home the point, the EU commissioner argued that the study was “of particularly limited use when it comes to the specific case of Greece.”
All in all, Rehn said, the fiscal multipliers admission did not serve as a call to reverse “the fiscal police course followed during the crisis” and that “other factors should also be taken into account when determining the appropriate pace of fiscal consolidation for any single country.”
In summary, the European official claimed that Blanchard's study was not relevant to the debate about how the crisis is being tackled because a) there are questions about how fiscal multipliers are calculated and b) other factors have to be taken into account.
However, Rehn went a step further and added another reason for the discussion over fiscal multipliers to be dismissed. They said that public debt in the EU needed to be tackled as it had risen by too much. “And it is widely acknowledged, based on serious academic research, that when public debt levels rise above 90 percent they tend to have a negative impact on economic dynamism, which translates into low growth for many years.”
The message was clear: It is not failed policies or austerity in the eurozone that is causing prolonged recession in many countries; it is the fact that public debt had risen to levels that strangled their economies and that measures needed to be taken to reduce this debt.
Although they didn't mention it by name, the “serious academic research” Rehn cited was a 2010 paper written by Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff called “Growth in a Time of Debt” (http://www.nber.org/papers/w15639). The two economists argued that historical analysis shows countries with debt-to-GDP ratios above 90 percent see their growth rates suffer. While the eurozone's crisis policy has not been based on this paper alone, it is one of the academic studies that has been used to justify all-out efforts to reduce public debt as quickly as possible, even when other economists pointed out that this might be more destructive because it could cause deep and prolonged recessions.
This week, a new study from three economists at the University of Massachusetts has cast serious doubt on the pertinence of the Reinhart and Rogoff paper. Thomas Herndon, Michael Ash and Robert Pollin suggest that there are three serious flaws () with the research: There has been selective use of the data to leave out years of high debt and normal growth, the way countries are weighted is open to serious challenge, and five countries have been excluded frhttp://www.nextnewdeal.net/rortybomb/researchers-finally-replicated-reinhart-rogoff-and-there-are-serious-problemsom the study because of a coding error with the spreadsheet Reinhart and Rogoff used.
The two economists have admitted the Excel error but have attempted to defend themselves over the other two charges (http://blogs.ft.com/ftdata/2013/04/17/the-reinhart-rogoff-response-i/). Nevertheless, the weaknesses uncovered by their University of Massachusetts colleagues serve as another urgent call for the one-dimensional approach to the economic crisis in Europe to be reconsidered. “We are not suggesting that governments should be free to borrow and spend profligately,” wrote Pollin and Ash in the Financial Times (http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/9e5107f8-a75c-11e2-9fbe-00144feabdc0.html#axzz2Qo5jg9XH). “But government deficit spending, pursued judiciously, remains the single most effective tool we have to fight against mass unemployment caused by severe recessions.”
The doubts over the Reinhart and Rogoff study also bring into question the ease and confidence with which policymakers, such as Rehn, used it as intellectual justification for economic policy, especially in the face of doubts or strong criticism. Just as Blanchard's findings on fiscal multipliers were not proof that austerity is a nonstarter, so Ash, Pollin and Herndon have not produced evidence that tackling high public debt is necessarily wrong. What both papers have done, though, is to press for a more urgent examination of the choices that are being made by eurozone officials and for it to be unacceptable for those in positions of authority to fob off critics.
As the FT's Alphaville blog (http://ftalphaville.ft.com/2013/04/16/1463192/raining-on-reinhart-and-rogoff/) aptly put it: “The point is perhaps that it's very tricky to boil things down into a pat policy conclusion in any case.” Here lies a serious problem for Rehn, though. They dismissed questions about fiscal multipliers because they said there were doubts about the calculations and because other factors were also at play. However, exactly the same thing has now been said about the Reinhart and Rogoff study which they cited in their response: Economists have shown that its methodology is questionable and its interpretation is far too narrow. Where does this leave the European commissioner's assertion that the most vital issue to all this is not to damage “confidence”?
From fiscal multipliers to academic papers on debt, the number of unanswered questions about the basis on which Europe is forming its economic policy are mounting. Despite the European Parliament's best efforts in recent weeks to question Rehn, Draghi and Eurogroup chief Jeroen Dijsselbloem about their major policy decisions, there have not been any satisfying answers. In fact, the whole process continues to desperately lack transparency and accountability. This can't be sustainable, especially when fresh doubt has been created about the scientific and intellectual underpinnings of the current policy course. If it's confidence we're after, it's worth keeping in mind that few things erode people's trust as much as the feeling that they're being hoodwinked.
[Kathimerini English Edition]
