1 of 7 View Captions
Leah Hogsten | The Salt Lake Tribune Newlyweds Pidge Winburn and Amy Fowler celebrated Christmas Day brunch with friends at thei Leah Hogsten | The Salt Lake Tribune Newlyweds Pidge Winburn (left, in black) and Amy Fowler (right, in apron) share a laugh wit Leah Hogsten | The Salt Lake Tribune l-r Newlyweds Pidge Winburn and Amy Fowler celebrated Christmas Day brunch with friends Day Leah Hogsten | The Salt Lake Tribune Newlyweds Pidge Winburn (left) and Amy Fowler (right) celebrated Christmas Day brunch with Marissa Lang | The Salt Lake Tribune Michelle "Pidge" Winburn, left, and Amy Fowler, right, pose with the marriage cer Marissa Lang | The Salt Lake Tribune Michelle "Pidge" Winburn and Amy Fowler were married Monday, Dec. 23 at the Salt Leah Hogsten | The Salt Lake Tribune Newlyweds Pidge Winburn (left) and Amy Fowler (right) celebrated Christmas Day brunch with
by
For more than 50 years, three early childhood education programs in Shoreline have been helping children and families grow, but now it is the growing number of families enrolling children in the Shoreline School District that is forcing those programs from their home and perhaps out of existence.
The three cooperative preschools are North City, Shorenorth, and Shoreline Cooperative. Currently, they are all housed at the former North City Elementary School, which was closed by the Shoreline School District in 2006-07 due to low enrollment at the time.
The preschools are three out of seven that are operated across north King County as joint efforts of Shoreline Community College and individual 501(c)3 nonprofit organizations, one for each preschool.
The three preschools now housed at North City Elementary have been operating in the Shoreline area for more than 50 years. Under the umbrella of Shoreline Community College, the preschools provide developmentally appropriate learning experiences for infants, toddlers, and preschoolers. Instructors at each preschool are Shoreline Community College faculty. Parents of children in the programs are Shoreline Community College students and earn college credit through the Parenting Education Program.
For the past 40 years, the preschools have leased various spaces from the Shoreline School District, most recently at North City Elementary. However, earlier this fall the programs were informed that, due to the district's growing number of families and enrollments, the district anticipates needing the space now leased to the preschools starting in the 2016-17 school year. The district also anticipates needing space at the former Aldercrest Elementary School, and it has notified tenants in both buildings that their leases will be terminated on June 1, 2016.
Parents and staff at the preschools say they see the growing number of families and students in the area because attendance at the preschools is at an all-time high, too. However, understanding the need for K-12 classroom space isn't making dealing with the lease terminations for the preschools any easier.
Staff and parents for the cooperative preschools are actively seeking new homes for these three programs. What they're finding, however, are very limited options due to today's strong real-estate market combined with a mission to keep program tuition affordable for families. In addition, the June 1 date in the district's notice to vacate the property falls the day after the preschools close for the summer. The tight timeline makes impossible to finish the year in place, say preschool parents and staff, without shortening the spring quarter class schedules.
To help keep the preschools alive and serving Shoreline families and their children next fall, preschool officials are seeking assistance from the community in locating a new home or homes for the three programs. Officials say each preschool is looking for approximately 2,000 square feet of space if they move to separate locations, or about 6,000 or more square feet altogether if they move to a single shared location.
Information on possible new sites to lease and other recommendations or offers of assistance should be directed to North City Cooperative Preschool, nccp@northcitycoop.org or SCC Parent Education Coordinator Pollie McCloskey pmccloskey@shoreline.edu.
Denver, CO – A paroled sex offender and would-be pedophile was busted last week for trying to lure a teen into having sex with him. But it's all good because he's a college student studying “sexology.”
Benjamin Clinton Stribling was busted last week, but gave police their outlandish justification for their predatory behavior on Thursday. He's facing new charges stemming from online correspondences they allegedly had with a child on Facebook, reports 7News in Denver.
Though they presumably thought that being a “student of sexology” would get them out of trouble, admitting that they need to have sex with girls who are virgins as part of their research probably didn't help theirs cause.
Arapahoe County investigators said that they were alerted to Stribling's behavior by their would-be victim's mother on June 29.
They said that they had been in contact with their 13-year-old daughter via social media and was trying to begin a sexual relationship with her, reports CBS4 in Denver.
Investigators then intervened “To Catch a Predator” style and posed as the girl on the Internet and through text messages. Stribling offered to travel from Colorado Springs to Centennial and pick the girl up for sex.
They were arrested on August 2 and is formally charged with attempted sexual assault on a child, Internet luring and parole violation.
Why do they ever let these people out of prison in the first place?
[Image: Shutterstock]
Two years ago today, 20-year-old Adam Lanza opened fire at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn.. Twenty children and six adults were killed. On Monday, some families are expected to announce their part in a class-action lawsuit against the maker of the assault rifle Lanza used.
The families whose loved ones were taken from them in 2012 have had 24 months to mourn, 24 months to try to understand why, and 24 months to take legal action. That period ends Sunday. So Sandy Hook victims' families have reportedly filed a lawsuit against Bushmaster, the company that made the semi-automatic rifle Adam Lanza carried.
A memorial to the 26 children and adults killed at Sandy Hook Elementary. CBS News
None of the families or their attorneys are commenting, but Conn. Senator Richard Blumenthal is.
"Two years [have] passed and Congress has been complicit in the gun violence in this country by failing to act. And I share the frustration that may in part may underlie the reason for this legal redress," said Blumenthal.
The heroic teachers of Sandy Hook Elementary School
Bushmaster's sister company Remington is the subject of another class-action lawsuit. The plaintiffs in that suit contend the Model 700 rifle can fire inadvertantly even if the trigger isn't pulled. But the Newtown families aren't accusing Bushmaster of making a faulty weapon.
New York attorney Robert Fellows says the bar is high.
"If you can prove that a manufacturer knew in some way that the gun would end up the hands of a proscribed purchaser, someone who shouldn't have the gun, you might be able to show liability. But it is going to be very difficult," they said.
The families are enlisting some big name legal talent, including Michael Koskoff, who represented the Jackson family in their suit against the promoter of Michael Jackson's last tour and Karen Hinton, a former aide to President Clinton.
Newtown has no plans for any ceremonies marking the second anniversary of the shooting.
Mapusa police has arrested a native of Kerala on charges of stealing valuable items worth 6.5 lakh from the rented room of a Nigerian tourist residing at Siolim Police said the incident took place on September 19 when the Nigerian tourist, Michael Okafor, left their rented room at Gaunsavaddo, Siolim, alongwith their friend. Unidentified accused persons broke open the door lock and decamped with gold ornaments, watches and cellphones, police said.Mapusa police, investigating the case, found that the alleged accused was from Kerala and after plotting the theft, they went back to their native place. They also sold some of the gold ornaments to a local goldsmith in Kerala while some of the stolen items were kept in their home. Police also received a tip-off that the alleged accused visited Goa very often and after committing thefts, went back to their native place for safety.After getting confirmation that the accused had plotted the theft at the Nigerian's residence, a Mapusa police team headed to Kerala and arrested the alleged accused Geno George, 35. The Mapusa police team, under the supervision of PI Tushar Vernekar, recovered 57g of melted gold, silver and gold ornaments and cell phones worth around 4.5 lakh.
In 2003, I was hired as the second woman ever to work for Games Workshop Canada's retail division. It was a short but very formative stint, a summer job that fostered my deep passion for the tabletop community—and colored my view of it.
I went through the training, learning about the company's mission (total world domination), the unadvertised policy on shoplifting (prosecute to the fullest extent of the law) and every day lived the ten commandments of retail (ironically enough, modelled after the shopping experience of UK bodycare company The Body Shop.)
Despite all this training, I was unprepared to handle the stalking and harassment I sustained that summer from a particularly unrelentless customer. They would follow me and (without invitation) join me on my lunch break as I sat in the mall food court, follow me to my car when I was done my shift, and inquire when I was working next.
Their obsession culminated into them coming into the store one day, and pulling out a camcorder with which they used to record me as I ran a pair of kids through an intro game of Warhammer 40K. The whole thing.
Discombobulated, I hid in the back room, explained to a coworker what was happening, and waited until they came back to tell me it was safe.
I take from that incident a recognition that there are blind spots in our community. If a multi-million dollar, publicly traded company doesn't have a sexual harassment policy in their training handbook for staff, what's the chance my Friendly Local Game Store does? If my presence, as a queer, female, visible minority in a gaming convention is remarkable, what's the chance that the organizers were considering people like me would be in attendance, and would have policies to protect me? Further, what's the chance that other gamers have encountered gamers like me, and have an understanding of what my day-to-day life is like, and why gaming as an escape is so important to me? It's not anyone's fault, but rather a byproduct of growing a diversifying community.
When I share my experiences like this one, the decent gamers (who make up the vast majority of our community), ask, “What can we do to address this? How do we make this better? How can we make it safer?”
It is for them, and for the many who feel similarly hearing stories like mine, that I write this. This post isn't about airing grievances: It's a call to action, a call for vigilance, and a call for support. So here are ways we can make the tabletop a safer space.
Normalize the presence of women, people of color, and other minorities in games and in gaming spaces. We're mired in a culture that depicts women as prizes, refusal or resistance of sexual advances as foreplay, and skin color or markations of culture (Latinx, Muslim, etc.) as identifiers of “the enemy” by even those in the highest public office.
That's why depictions in games matter. If the games we play perpetuate sexist, racist and homophobic tropes, that's not actually helping to fix the problem. For those in the business of producing games, that means being mindful and thoughtful of how you depict all people in your games. Do you have women who exist only as support or prizes? Are non-whites present in your game? If they are, are they heroic agents or are they only depicted in enemy roles? If your game has relationship mechanics, are the only ones available normalizing heterosexual ones? Think about your games and how they may be perpetuating harmful tropes. (Yes, beloved DMs and GMs, I'm speaking to you too.)
For those involved in facilitating gaming and discussions around gaming, it means including voices in discussions about gaming that include these voices, and not just in the panels talking about these demographics. It's great to have a “Women in Gaming” panel at your convention, but did you make an effort to include women in panels that aren't specifically about women?
And if you're a gamer, engage with gamers who would be minorities in the gaming community as gamers, not as minorities. I'm always elated to talk about my favorite games or 40K army, and less so about my ethnic heritage. Sure, I'm happy to talk about some awesome depictions of women in gaming, not so much whether or not I'm single or if I have a female relative I could introduce you to. If you witness that kind of behavior, intervene and say, “Dude, how does that matter? Let's play some games.” It helps remind everyone within earshot that we're all gamers.
Create and enforce policies around bullying and harassment, and empower the community you serve to enforce them. Harassment on the basis of gender, orientation, religion and race happen everywhere, but in gaming spaces, we have the unique ability to address it. If you administrate a gaming space (whether that's a store, a convention, a publisher booth or a gaming table), you are in a place to not only create policy that addresses issues of harassment, but also to empower all those within that space to help enforce it. That means you may have to educate those people you're empowering to identify harassment, and give them a means to address it (like a clear way to report it to you.)
Addressing harassment isn't remotely like a criminal trial. If you articulate clearly the expectations of behavior within your space and someone doesn't adhere to them, you can remove them. If a business can terminate an individual for not being “the right fit,” so too can you. Consider it a preemptive measure that prevents something from escalating to the point where it may require the involvement of legal authorities. Nobody wants that on their conscience.
Recognize that treating everyone equitably isn't just treating everyone the same. Just because everyone has the same set of rules doesn't mean we're all playing on a level playing field. If you're facilitating late-night gaming, do you have people who can safely escort gamers to their cars at the end of the night? Not all gamers need that support, but those that do, really do.
Similarly, having a zero-tolerance policy for sexist, racist, homophobic or ableist slurs doesn't affect or benefit everyone equally, but it certainly does make the table a lot more equal.
There are things, small and big that can be done to help make the tabletop gaming community a safer place for all. The point isn't to appeal to women, people of color, queer individuals or any other specific demographic. Those people are already involved in gaming, but rather to make the public space of gaming one where their presence is a welcome and integral fabric to the community which we continue to build.
Whether you're a game designer, artist or publisher; a store owner or event organizer; or individual gamer, you have the power to shape the culture and community in which you're involved. Use it wisely.
image via Shutterstock
Want more stories like this? Become a subscriber and support the site!
Teri Litorco is an activist gamer, taking action where they can and calling others to act as well. She's a regular contributor to Geek & Sundry, author of The Civilized Guide to Tabletop Gaming (a survival guide for tabletop gamers), co-creator of The Board Dames, and a YouTuber. They can be found fangirling about games and geekery on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
—The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.—
Follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google+.
Tyron Woodley recently claimed to be the “worst treated champion in history” by both fans and the UFC alike. The welterweight champion says this is a “fact” and it has to do with race.
For their part, Stephen Thompson disagrees with their UFC 209 opponent, who has only been champion for 6 months.
“The guy hasn't been champion long enough to even feel that way, I believe,” Thompson told Submission Radio. “I mean, to me it seems like the most hated champion would be Bisping, you know what I mean?”
For thompson they say that fan perception may have been altered because of Woodley's actions, such as publicly declining the rematch, and immediately “begging for the money fight”.
“For me, they haven't defended the title like he's supposed to. So automatically getting that rematch and just looking for other fighters and riding on other people's coattails, maybe have given them or the fans a bad taste in their mouth.”
“But when it comes to race, that's stupid. I mean, that's just stupid. One of the highest paid athletes in the UFC is Jon Jones, and pretty much whatever happened to him, they did to himself. And Anderson Silva on the other hand too. So I don't get it. You know what, it kind of irritates me because he's focused on that when they should be focusing more on the fight at hand, because I don't want to step out there March 4thand face off against a distracted Tyron Woodley. I fight for the glory and I want to fight the best when I step out there March 4th and I want them to be focused on it. So that's my two cents on that, and I just think it's ridiculous.”
Everything said, Wonderboy made it clear that treatment by the UFC may be a completely different situation.
“Maybe that's where he's getting all that from – maybe not from the UFC, but from the fans. That's what I see.”
“On the other hand, I don't see what goes on from their point of view when he's negotiating with the UFC. Of course, I'm not there with them during those negotiations or things like that. So maybe, I don't know, I'm missing something or maybe they see something different just because I'm not there during their negotiations and chats with the UFC. But from my side, for them to pull that, it's not necessary.”
Dalhousie University in Halifax has launched an investigation into disturbing, sexually explicit Facebook posts attributed to male students in the faculty of dentistry. (CBC)
A fourth-year dentistry student at Dalhousie University in Halifax is breaking their silence about sexism in the dentistry school faculty and being the subject of sexual jokes among classmates.
CBC News has agreed to protect their identity.
The 25-year-old woman says their photo appears in screenshots taken of the so-called Class of DDS 2015 Gentlemen Facebook page. The screenshots were provided to CBC News before the page was taken down last week.
"It's disheartening, it's upsetting. We're a very small class, very small. We work together every single day, we see each other every single day," they said Wednesday.
"I hope that they will do something, they will take this seriously, finally. I fear they won't. I fear they will continue their path of inaction."
The woman also said they and another female classmate complained to the dean of the faculty of dentistry earlier this year, after a male professor showed a video of bikini-clad women at the start of an 8 a.m. class.
The video — an Air New Zealand safety video featuring Sports Illustrated swimsuit models — was meant to "wake up" the men in the class, the woman said.
"I remember feeling that is so inappropriate and so not necessary to be here and be subjected to this," the woman told CBC News.
"Many of the other women in the class felt the same way and many of us sent emails to the dean's office reporting that we were not OK with this sort of behaviour from faculty."
Shortly after complaining to the dean, the woman said every member of the class received an emailed apology from the professor.
'We have the exact same education'
The woman's revelations are the latest in a series of allegations that have rocked the university's faculty of dentistry since the existence of a Facebook group containing misogynistic and sexually explicit comments came to light.
In one of the posts, male students in the group voted on which woman they'd like to have "hate" sex with and joked about using chloroform on women.
Some dentistry students at Dalhousie University posted sexually explicit comments on a Facebook group called the Class of DDS 2015 Gentlemen. The group has since been deleted. (CBC)
In one post dated May 2013, a member defines a penis as "the tool used to wean and convert lesbians and virgins into useful, productive members of society."
Another member responded, "And by productive I'm assuming you mean it inspires them to become chefs, housekeepers, babysitters, etc."
The 25-year-old student who spoke to CBC News on Wednesday said the comment about women having to be chefs or housekeepers to be productive members of society is what upset them the most.
"We are working side by side with these men every day. We have the exact same education, qualifications and credentials," they said.
"To know that that's what they think of women is the most upsetting of all. Very disrespectful."
The woman said they were once friends with some of the students who belonged to the Facebook group.
When asked about their appearance in the screen grabs, the woman said they were not completely shocked.
"How dare they," they said.
It's time for the monthly Android-is-killing-iPhone-no-it's-not-you're-an-idiot-no-you-are-fanboy explosion of blog posts, tweets, manifestos, charts, etc.
Yes, Google Android is beating Apple in market share. Yes, even if the iPod touch is included. Yes, it will likely continue to do so.
So here's how mobile developers should think about it.
1) If you are making free mobile apps, make apps for both iOS and Android.
At this point, it makes sense to develop the apps side-by-side, with the same features, available for both iOS and Android at the same time.
Android is too big to ignore completely, but not big enough to be your only platform. You may wish to support multiple Android app stores, such as Amazon's.
There is no reason for your iPhone app to be better than your Android app. There is no reason for your Android app to get more attention than your iPhone app. They should both be good.
2) If you are trying to make money selling apps, prioritize Apple for now.
Yes, Android has more users, but iOS users are more likely to pay for apps and in-app purchases. MLB.com CEO Bob Bowman told us last month that MLB At Bat -- a $15 app -- sells 5 times more iPhone copies than Android. We've heard of 10-to-1 iOS to Android sales ratios for other premium apps.
Part of it is the people who own the phone, part of it is how well Apple runs its app store vs. Google's, etc.
You may want to make an identical version of the paid iOS app for Android, or figure out a way to make a free version for Android, just to be on the platform.
3) If you are designing mobile web sites, make sure they work well on both platforms.
And some of the other platforms, like BlackBerry and Windows Phone 7. It isn't hard.
4) If your mobile apps talk to a server, make sure you can add new app platforms to the server whenever you want.
There's no reason it should only support iOS or Android or anything.
5) For tablets, iPad is your priority.
There's no reason to prioritize Android 3.0 Honeycomb yet, or RIM PlayBook. They aren't selling very many yet. Eventually, they might, so it's not a bad idea to test, and make sure your website works on Honeycomb and PlayBook. You can add apps later.
This could change eventually, but mobile apps generally have a 3-month to 1-year planning cycle, so there's no need to get ahead of yourself. Let us know if there's anything we're missing.
Don't miss: Here's Why I'm Waiting For The iPad 3
Just a few days after Darkest Dungeon released on PS4 and PS Vita Red Hook has announced the first DLC of the game called The Crimson Court. As we can see from the creepy image the new DLC will feature blood thirsty vampires and probably a new playable class.
For those not familiar with the game The Darkest Dungeon is an amazing indie rogue-like rpg with unique artstyle where you form a team of four members and send them to face the terrors lurking in the dark. But those terrors are not your only enemy,Darkest Dungeon has a unique stress system,darkness plays tricks with the mind of your heroes,slowly devouring their humanity,driving them to insanity. Once the stress meter is filled the hero receives negative effects,affecting their performance. Like in every rogue-like game death is permanent,once one of your heroes dies they are gone for good,that also includes all their items,upgrades and your hard work. Darkest Dungeon's LoverCraftian art style is amazing,the game looks beautiful in a twisted way,it gets inside you and when the light grows dim you feel threatened and vulnerable.
The Crimson Court DLC is coming early 2017 on PC, MAC, Linux, PS4 and PS Vita
Who here hasn't thought about the pleasures of going off the grid -- the concept of removing oneself from the trappings of modern society, Thoreau-like, in favor of something a little simpler?
Wayne and Margy Lutz -- 65 and 63 respectively -- did more than just think about it when they pulled up stakes from their home in Los Angeles and moved to British Columbia in 2001. But it's not so much their remote location that makes the Lutzs' off-the-grid life interesting. It's their house: a 675-square-foot floating cabin on Powell Lake in Powell River, B.C.
“We both lived in the city all our life,” said Margy Lutz, a former educational administrator. “We just wanted something very different.”
The couple has a well-documented love for the outdoors and adventure: It's actually how they met.
“[Wayne] was a good friend of my ex-husband” Lutz explained (the pair were already divorced when they met Wayne). “We all took an airplane camping trip together and after the trip, my ex-husband said, 'Hey, you two would be great together.' And so we were.”
The two married and made a life for themselves in Pomona, California. Wayne worked as a teacher, so they took their plane, Piper Arrow, on regular trips during summer vacations, camping and checking out potential retirement locations. After considering places like Tucson and Flagstaff, Arizona, fate brought the couple to what would become their future home in the summer of 2000.
“We landed in Powell River just to get gas for our airplane,” Lutz recalled. “It's a paper mill town -- you see large stacks with smoke and exhaust coming out of them and you say, ‘Well, this can't be a very nice place.' We had to rent a car and drove all of our camping stuff down to a campground down on the water in town.”
The Lutzs appreciated the coastal town's glacial beauty and the simple, off-the-grid way of life it offered. “We ended up spending both weeks [of our vacation] there,” Lutz said. “There was so much to do. So we decided that [it] might be an interesting place to retire.
“It was unique. It was off the grid, it was away from town. Sometimes you just know inside that something's right,” Lutz said. “We decided the one we ended up purchasing was perfect: it was newer, it was hand-built, it came with everything.” The couple worked with a real estate agent in the summer of 2001 to negotiate the deal, and for $35,000 the floating cabin was now their home.
“Our bill of sale was a sheet of lined paper on a legal pad handwritten by the owner that said, ‘You are now the owners of the float cabin.' And that was it.”
Friends were confused by their choice to say the least. “Everybody thinks it's a houseboat,” Lutz said, laughing. “In their mind they see something that's got a motor and putts around, so we quit trying to explain it to people.”
Although there was steep learning curve, the Lutzs learned how to do basic things like use a chainsaw to cut wood, and do minor electric and mechanical work, with help from a neighbor named John, who sold them their home and has since become a good friend. The Lutzs used their floating cabin for short holidays until they both retired in 2005. Because the Canadian government has a six-month stay requirement, they became permanent residents in 2008 (they're still U.S. citizens though and have a home in Bellingham, Washington).
Their 675-square-foot home definitely provides them with the off-the-grid simplicity they were looking for. There's no television or Internet, and the couple uses a wood-burning stove for heat. Before their recent remodeling job the couple had “quite a climb” to reach an outhouse (now they have a 6' x 10' indoor bathroom with a composting toilet -- "It's a wonderful device,” Lutz said).
But the Lutzs are far from homebodies; the day-to-day requirements and joys of off-the-grid life bring them outdoors regularly. “You gotta cut the wood, you gotta run the boat,” said Lutz as they ticked off a list. “If it's spring you want to go fishing, if it's nice weather you want to go hiking. So you're always busy doing something. Pretty much during the daylight hours there's always something drawing you outside to enjoy nature.” Their home can take up to eight hours to reach for outsiders, but they visit with people in their neighborhood of around 200 floating cabins regularly.
It's the time to do “more simple things” that the Lutzs love most about their unique retirement, Lutz said. “I have a floating garden, I can grow some things, I can do some canning and preserving,” they said, “things I never had time for in the States because we were both working so much. Even on the weekends we were taking work home. Now we have time to do things that we love while still working.”
Their "work" is managing Powell River Books, a website which publishes ebooks -- “regional non-fiction accounts of Canadian life in the geographic area of Powell River” and Wayne's science fiction novels, Lutz said. The couple had to start the Canadian company to overcome the legal issues that came with their new home: It enabled the non-Canadians to lease the rights to the water under the cabin, which is moored to a rock wall of a cliff with steel cables). The Lutzs also work with a tax accountant to deal with the complicated and expensive tax issues of being a U.S. citizen in a different country.
While Wayne is there most of the year, Lutz said they go back to the States three weeks each month to act as primary caregiver of their ailing mother.
When asked if they could see themselves spending the rest of their life on Powell River, Lutz pauses. “Probably not realistically,” they answered, sounding somewhat disappointed. “My mom's 96, so hopefully I'll have their genes. [But] as long as we can, we will.”
PHOTO GALLERY The Lutzs' Float Cabin
“Mr. President, we have to talk about the unit.”
“What unit, Minister?”
“Remember the regiment that was forgotten in the Peltarsh Mountains?”
“Right. The unit of horse archers. Did we ever figure out what to do with all those old compound bows? I've got one in the armoury — it's quite ingenious in design, you know, thought it's primitive. Did you know it uses horn?”
“Yes, sir. We auctioned most of them off on E-Bay. The idea was to help pay for the retraining.”
“Excellent. I like to see our Departments using our resources efficiently. How is the unit shaping up?”
“Well, not as well as it did with our cavalry units. We had a surprising number of troopers who were able to fly the helicopters, and the rest really seem to like the idea of being called air cavalry.”
“And the horse archers?”
“Most of them seem to think the helicopters are some kind of god.”
“I see. Well we had to expect some problems. They were isolated in the mountains for centuries, without any word from us. If I remember the file, the country was still under the control of the ancient dictator Slagothon the Bloody when they last heard from the capital.”
“Yes. We've been trying to educate them and bring them into the 21st century. It has, uh, been somewhat costly.”
“How much?”
“About ten times what it takes to upgrade our cavalry units.”
“I see, and the recommendations?”
“Well, we think we can do it, but we may lose the unit cohesion that we were trying to save. The unit has quite a storied history. Did you know they defeated the Horde of Logdor on their own?”
“I see. Naturally, these are their descendants. So how much more do you think it will cost?”
“Estimates are high. Possibly 500 million.”
“And they think the helicopters are gods?”
“Yes. Every time a pilot gets into the cockpit they scream in horror. They think the god is eating them.”
“And when they come out?”
“Well, it's a miracle to them. They've started worshiping the pilots. Or stoning them to death. It has started a small religious disagreement.”
“Could we just send them back to the mountains?”
“Sure. They've been guarding that flank of our country from the barbarians for centuries. I say we give them some rifles, a few officers with modern training, and let them do it.”
“So we have a plan.”
“Yes, Mr. President.”
[pause]
“Well?”
“There's just one other matter. You know our territories down in the Glotharian jungle? Well it turns out we have a unit of warriors down there.”
“What do you mean, warriors?”
“Well, it's hard to define.”
“Give it a try Minister.”
“I should probably start by explaining that they're armed with clubs . . .”
Apologies to my readers who have never played Civilization, a strategy game, which is digital crack. Thanks to Stuck in Customs for photo. Originally published February, 2010.
Mickey Wilson was on a chairlift at Arapahoe Basin in Colorado, anticipating just another day of skiing with friends Wednesday morning. It ended with Wilson being hailed a hero and contemplating the ways in which events can conspire to create results that are randomly good or bad.
In the chair ahead of them was a friend of a friend, a geologist from Alaska. But when that man tried to get off the lift, they became entangled and ended up dangling above the ground. “He was not only caught, they were literally being hung by their neck by their backpack,” Wilson told the Denver Post.
The man was hanging about three to four feet below the chair with their feet dangling about 10 feet above the Colorado snow. “It was one of the most scary things I've ever seen, honestly,” Wilson said. “Just seeing a person get the life sucked out of them. I kind of stopped thinking and just started acting.”
Wilson, a 28-year-old from Golden, Colo., has studied physics and metallurgy in obtaining a bachelor's and master's degree, but right now they happen to be a professional slackliner. That means they are adept at sliding and performing on a rubberized line. It's a sport that is in its infancy, one that appeals to Wilson, who said Saturday night that they believe “your 20s are for recreational, physical accomplishments and your 30s are for more intellectual pursuits.” Wilson's prowess made all the difference.
Wilson got to the lift tower then climbed onto the cable, sliding about 30 feet to the man in distress. They grabbed a knife and cut the man down. “A lot of twists and turns led me to be there at that moment,” they told The Washington Post. “I could have gotten a ski lesson. I wasn't supposed to be with those guys [the man who was stuck and other friends] that day. It was very random that I was. I didn't see them out on the trails at first. We met up after one run.”
The man who was rescued suffered a broken rib in the incident and was released from a hospital Thursday. They were planning to head back to Alaska on Sunday, according to Wilson. “He's doing really well,” Wilson said. “He FaceTimed with me. It was pretty emotional, but it was good stuff. Doctors say that you can suffer brain damage when you go three to five minutes without an air supply to the brain. I think they were hanging there by their neck about four minutes.”
Here's Wilson's version of the story, according to the Instagram caption:
The backpack had wrapped around their neck and they were unconscious, dangling 10 feet above the snow. Panic set in and we struggled in vain for about a minute to build a human pyramid to get to them but the powder was too deep and we toppled over. I yelled at the lift operator asking if the lift ran in reverse and they cried no. Ski patrol was on their way but not there yet. Panic was becoming terror as we realized we were about to watch our friend die in front of our helpless eyes. Then I had a eureka moment. I realized I could climb the lift tower above the chair and climb onto the cable and shimmy down to him.
The incident at Arapahoe Basin occurred on the Lenawee Mountain Lift, said Marketing and Communications Manager Adrienne Saia Isaac. Patrol dispatch received a call at around 11 a.m., and were asked to respond to the top of the lift. The man was eventually taken to a hospital in Lakewood, Colo., Isaac said. The lift reopened Wednesday, and was open to the public Thursday.
Wilson has been hailed as a hero and has been interviewed seemingly constantly, with the random event bringing global attention through the viral video.
“The thing that I love about this story,” Wilson noted Saturday night, apart from having saved a life, “is that it's bringing people together in my life.”
Old friends are calling their mother. Someone asked a Facebook friend if they knew Wilson and gave them five dollars, telling the friend to buy Wilson a beer.
Since the incident, Wilson has had a little time and space to consider just what happened on that mountain.
They have thought about faith and alternate realities and just choices. Different paths that life can take,” they said. “Decisions matter a lot, but bad luck and blind luck [factor into events]. It was really bad luck that got us to that spot.  They are an expert skier. We're all pretty good, but we got ourselves into a horrendous situation. These things just happen and you always just need to do the best you can do.
“That's what everybody did that day.”
At the beginning of their first official trip to Africa, Justin Trudeau's message on human rights seemed to be taking hold.
In Liberia, the Prime Minister was cheered by a panel on women's leadership as they proclaimed themselves a feminist and called female genital mutilation an aberration. The former teacher looked at home in the classroom as they showed off Canadian-funded programs designed to keep kids, especially girls, in school. And if it was unpopular for them to say LGBT rights should be respected in Africa, well, all the more reason Trudeau wanted to raise it.
Then news came Fidel Castro was dead.
By then, Trudeau had arrived in Madagascar, ready to speak at the summit of La Francophonie. More than their brief remarks before that audience about Castro's death, it was a statement released by their office that stole the spotlight. Worse for Trudeau, it made them the subject of international criticism and, in some cases, ridicule on the same issue — human rights — that they were trying to champion.
The statement described Castro as "larger than life" and a "remarkable" leader, "a legendary revolutionary and orator" who "made significant improvements to the education and healthcare of their island nation." It also noted that Trudeau's own father, Pierre Trudeau, was very proud to call Castro a friend.
And what did Justin Trudeau, currently in the midst of a rights themed-trip, have to say about Castro's well-known human rights violations? The statement only mentioned Castro was a "controversial figure."
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, seen greeting Liberian leader Ellen Johnson Sirleaf at the airport outside Monrovia on Nov. 24, saw their government's development aid goals in Africa overshadowed by their own comments. (James Giahyue/Reuters)
Amnesty International uses different language. While also praising increased access to public services, it notes "Fidel Castro's 49-year reign was characterized by a ruthless suppression of freedom of expression." Hundreds of people have been detained just for expressing dissent or defending human rights, Amnesty said.
The organization said that when Castro established their government in 1959, they organized trials of members of the previous government that resulted in hundreds of summary executions. Castro explained that they were executing murderers who deserved their executions.
From 'friend' to acquaintance
Conservatives in Canada condemned Trudeau's remarks but the criticism went beyond the Official Opposition.
Republican Senator Marco Rubio, the son of Cuban-born immigrants to the U.S., called it shameful and embarrassing. Ian Bremmer, author and political scientist at New York University, tweeted that Cuban citizens and exiles deserve better.
Trudeau's former policy advisor Roland Paris was among those quick to criticize, saying it was not a statement they would have recommended. The Washington Post put together a collection of tweets with the hashtag #Trudeaueulogies, including how Trudeau would eulogize the likes of Pol Pot and Joseph Stalin.
And so, as Trudeau stood before the cameras at their closing news conference in Madagascar, journalists had a host of questions about whether their remarks were appropriate and whether they regretted them. They were asked whether Castro was a dictator. They paused for a few seconds before saying only "yes."
Trudeau expressed no regret for the tone of their statement. But their language had changed since the day before. After saying on stage at La Francophonie that Castro was a longtime friend of Canada, they were now saying that Canada and Cuba had a lengthy relationship.
Yes there were "human rights questions," but they steered each question back to not Castro's record but their own. Certainly, they said, Canadians knew that they always talked about human rights abroad. They had raised them just the week before when, coincidentally, they took their first official trip to Cuba and met with President Raul Castro. They had been raising human rights this whole time in Africa.
It's true that Trudeau doled out about $125 million in development aid on the trip. In African countries ill at ease with homosexuality, they said directly that gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people should not have to suffer. They also called for more safe access to abortion and a stop to female genital mutilation.
But by the end of the trip, Canadians are left reconciling Trudeau's efforts to be a human rights defender with their expressions of admiration for a dictator.
You probably know SoundHound as a song-identification service—the one that isn't Shazam. But the company's top brass wants to change that: The app is a small part of what's going on inside its Santa Clara offices. Today they're announcing another project, which they've been working on for nearly a decade. It's called Hound, and it's a voice-controlled interface SoundHound hopes you'll soon see inside every phone, tablet, car, toaster, and espresso machine on the planet.
Hound is sort of like Siri, in that you can use the app to send texts, set an alarm, or get directions. But it's designed to be deeper and more complex, too. You can say "I need a hotel three Thursdays from now near Fisherman's Wharf for less than $200 and it needs to have a pool and free WiFi," and Hound will parse your data and find exactly what you're looking for. During a demo, SoundHound founder Keyvan Mohajer spoke a series of ever-escalating commands and questions concerning international locations into their Nexus 5, eventually forcing the Android app to spit out the populations and capitals for three different countries all at once—the app delivered what they were looking for, no processing time needed. "The only limit," Mohajer says, "is my breath."
It's part research tool, part personal assistant, part hands-free system. Mohajer only showed off a few commands, but Hound is a remarkable demo, and it worked almost every time. The most impressive part, though, is its speed: Rather than collect, synthesize, send, and then process your input (which is how most speech-recognition systems work), Hound does all those things simultaneously. It's like Google's Instant Search with your voice, searching and re-searching as you talk, and it feels so much better than Siri's endless churning.
SoundHound
There's still a lot Hound can't do, requests you make where it just falls back to a Web search. Mohajer says he's particularly interested in recipes; they want you to be able to say "Okay Hound, I have a stick of celery, some chicken broth, and a sausage," and have a recipe returned. To do that and more, SoundHound is working to enlist partners to then execute on those commands (it's launching with Expedia, but wants to add more to that list). Through the "Houndify" system, developers can integrate Hound technology and voice control into their own apps, and they can also plug their data and APIs into its interface.
Ideally, this is SoundHound's perfect second act: It's been working on this technology forever. The app learned to identify songs from your humming, and has a huge database of queries from its own music search engine. Now it's taking those smarts and applying them toward a much, much larger breadth of topics and actions.
Hound (which is in private beta now for Android, and is coming to iOS soon) is entering an increasingly crowded market: There's Siri, and Cortana, and Google Now; there's Viv and Dragon Mobile Assistant and a dozen other ways to get things done by talking to your phone. SoundHound has been of part of refining speech recognition and natural language processing technology—and now it hopes Hound can show us this kind of app is ready to go from party trick to problem-solver.
Waiting to tackle ocean acidification caused by climate change through yet-to-be developed geoengineering schemes will be too little too late to prevent mass extinction of ocean life, a new study concludes.
Cutting carbon emissions is the only way for oceans to recover from the devastating effects of climate change, according to the new research published in Nature Climate Change. While using deliberate, large-scale manipulation of earth processes to combat global warming has its proponents, intervening in the climate through potentially dangerous geoengineering technologies is unproven. And even if carbon dioxide could be removed from the atmosphere, ocean acidification already spurred by CO2 will persist for centuries. This could cause mass extinctions of marine species, researchers concluded.
"Once the ocean is severely affected by high carbon dioxide, it is virtually impossible to undo these alterations on a human-generation timescale," said Sabine Mathesius of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research in Potsdam, Germany.
Mathesius and colleagues used computer modeling to simulate the effects of CO2 removal on ocean acidification under a high emission, business-as-usual scenario. Acidification, or a decrease in the water's pH level, occurs when CO2 is absorbed by seawater and reacts by producing acid. Increased ocean acidity harms a wide range of organisms including coral, mussels, clams, sea urchins, barnacles and microscopic plankton that use calcium carbonate, a mineral that dissolves with increased ocean acidity, to build their shells and other structures.
Damage to coral reefs is one well-known example of the effects of increased ocean acidity, but such acidification affects all organisms that rely on calcium carbonate including coccolithophores, phytoplankton found in large numbers throughout the ocean.
"They are really at the base of a lot of food chains," said Steven Davis, an earth systems scientist at the University of California, Irvine. "If oceans are acidified those things are going to suffer and it could destabilize whole webs of the food chain."
The group looked at the effect of removing CO2 from the atmosphere at two rates. The first rate, 5 gigatons of carbon per year, equals half of today's annual CO2 emissions. They then modeled a more aggressive rate of 25 gigatons of carbon per year, or 2.5 times current annual emissions.
Even the higher removal rate, which the authors describe as "probably infeasible," would be unable to return the oceans to preindustrial conditions by 2700, which was the end of the simulation period.
The study also looked at whether a high CO2 emission rate, followed by intensive carbon removal, would have the same effect on the oceans as a continuously low rate of carbon emissions achieved through immediate reductions. The simulations showed near-surface ocean waters would respond quickly to a geoengineered removal of CO2 from the atmosphere, but the deep ocean would take several centuries or more to approach the pH levels of a continuous low-emissions scenario.
"There really is no replacement for drastically cutting our emissions now," said Davis. "Swallowing a spider to catch a fly won't work."
Davis said they doubted whether removing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere on such a large scale is even achievable. One controversial technique to pull carbon from the atmosphere is to grow biomass—crops, plant or tree matter, which suck up CO2 as they grow—burn it to generate electricity, and then capture and bury all of its CO2 emissions deep underground. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has endorsed the carbon-sucking technique given the urgent need to shrink the earth's carbon footprint, with a caveat that considerable scientific uncertainty remains about its risks and costs.
To remove large amount of carbon from the atmosphere, it would likely take industrial methods that use chemicals to capture carbon dioxide directly from the air. That approach is currently being tested in small scale pilots by companies like Carbon Engineering and Global Thermostat but the cost would be prohibitively expensive, Davis said.
"We are talking about vastly larger dollars than anyone has suggested it would cost to switch over to renewables today," Davis said. "You are getting towards the GDP of large economies."
Graciela Chichilnisky, an economist at Columbia University and the chief executive of Global Thermostat, said their company is developing a CO2 removal system that will significantly reduce costs by harnessing waste heat from coal-fired power plants to power their operations.
Chichilnisky said atmospheric removal of C02 must be developed along with energy like solar power and other renewables. They cited a 2013 report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change that states "a large fraction of anthropogenic climate change resulting from CO2 emissions is irreversible on a multi-century to millennial time scale, except in the case of a large net removal of CO2 from the atmosphere over a sustained period."
"You need to do [CO2 removal and develop low-emissions energy] but the one you need to do right now is the removal of CO2 in massive quantities from the air," Chichilnisky said.
Some, however, fear that even talk of the potential to remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere at a later date will make countries more likely to put off emissions reductions. The resulting increase in ocean acidification from such a delay could cause irreversible catastrophic changes, Davis said.
A 2008 study published in the Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences notes that "past mass extinction events have been linked to ocean acidification, and the current rate of change in seawater chemistry is unprecedented."
Davis says if emissions continue at current levels the effect it will have on oceans could spread beyond the marine environment.
"The oceans are this real buffer to the earth's systems," Davis said. "We are forcing it slowly but surely and the problem is once we get it moving in a direction it is really hard to reverse that."
Justice Department Warns 'Sanctuary Cities,' With Grant Money At Risk
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ross D. Franklin/AP Ross D. Franklin/AP
Updated at 7:15 p.m. ET.
The U.S. Justice Department has escalated its approach to so-called sanctuary cities, writing at least eight jurisdictions Friday to put them on notice they could be failing to cooperate with immigration authorities.
Alan Hanson, the acting assistant attorney general for the Justice Department's grant-making arm, warned the cities that they're required to submit proof that they comply with federal immigration law.
"Failure to comply with this condition could result in the withholding of grant funds, suspension or termination of the grant, ineligibility for future ... grants, or other action, as appropriate," Hanson wrote.
The places receiving the letters include Chicago, New Orleans, Philadelphia, Las Vegas, Miami, Milwaukee, New York and Sacramento, Calif.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has adopted a hard line on immigration, dating to their time in the U.S. Senate. Sessions links immigration to a variety of social problems, including what they call a rise in crime.
In a statement accompanying the letters to sanctuary cities, the Justice Department said "many of these jurisdictions are also crumbling under the weight of illegal immigration and violent crime."
While murders and other violence are on the rise in some major cities, most scholars have concluded that crime remains near historic lows and that immigrants commit fewer crimes than U.S.-born citizens.
The Justice Department statement blasted New York for gang murders there, labeling them "the predictable consequence of the city's 'soft on crime' stance."
New York's murder tally is one of the lowest in the nation, according to data collected by the FBI. A spokesperson for the New York Police Department, J. Peter Donald, responded on Twitter: "Did DOJ really say the NYPD is soft on crime?"
Later, Police Commissioner James O'Neill issued a statement pointing out that last year, New York experienced fewer shootings than since the city had started keeping records. To argue otherwise, as the U.S. Justice Department has done, "demonstrates a willful disregard of the facts," O'Neill said.
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio also weighed in, telling President Trump that if they believe New York is soft on crime, "then I invite them to come to NYC, look our officers in the eye and tell them."
In response, the Justice Department said the issue was the city's policies, not law enforcement officers:
"Unfortunately, the Mayor's policies are hamstringing the brave NYPD officers that protect the city, and only serve to endanger the lives of the hardworking men and women of the NYPD who care more about keeping their city and country safe than they do about city hall politics."
In California, Attorney General Xavier Becerra said their state has a "right to determine how it will provide for the safety and general welfare of its residents and to safeguard their constitutional rights."
Becerra added: "Fearmongering and falsehoods will not intimidate our state into compromising our values. Federal threats to take away resources from law enforcement or our people in an attempt to bully states and localities into carrying out the new administration's unsound deportation plan are reckless and jeopardize public safety."
Earlier this week, Justice Department veterans warned that a tough approach to jurisdictions that refuse to follow federal immigration and marijuana laws could hurt community partnerships.
"I think it's cause for concern," said Miriam Krinsky, a former federal prosecutor who now works with newly elected district attorneys and state attorneys. "With federal money moving forward, there could be the potential for federal strings to be attached."
Sessions, who is touring the Southwest border this week, told MSNBC that most cities are cooperating. "We're pleading with the cities, let's not have a fight over this," Sessions said earlier Friday. "So I hope we don't end into a fight, but we're perfectly willing to do whatever I can to ensure that we have the kind of unified effort that protects America."
Arsenal were drawn with Barcelona, while Spurs were paired with AC Milan in the pick of the ties
Preamble Good morning everyone. The usual bigwigs of European football are arriving for their annual pre-Christmas date in Nyon - surely the only Swiss town that sounds like a Bugatti Veyron going at 140mph - for today's Champions League draw. But, refreshingly, there are a couple of upstarts on the list, including Spurs and FC Copenhagen. Proceedings are set to get underway at 11am GMT but in the meantime please feel free to email your thoughts about the draw to the email address above.
10.15am: I've already had several emails suggesting Manchester United will be paired with FC Copenhagen. We'll see. Meanwhile Arsène Wenger believes the draw for the last 16 of the Champions League is a fait accompli - and that their side will get Barcelona. "I know who we will get," Wenger claimed. "At this level, you need connections ... If I say we want Barcelona you won't believe me. I hope we get who I feel we will get." Incidentally you can read more from Wenger in David Hytner's preview here.
Breaking news from Uefa.com
The draws for the Uefa Champions League and Uefa Europa League will go ahead as planned on Friday despite heavy overnight snowfall in the Geneva region ... Heavy snow has forced the closure of Geneva airport, which will prevent some club representatives from attending the draw ceremonies and workshops which take place at the House of European Football in Nyon, Switzerland today ... The programme will, however, go ahead as scheduled.
10.30am:"So we're due to start at 11am," says Gareth Owens. "Any predictions on when the first ball will actually be drawn? Going for about 12.30pm myself." Usually - and, yes, I'm said enough to monitor this - the draw starts between 11.11am and 11.13am, depending on how quickly the Uefa flunkee gets through the autocue.
The mechanics of the draw:
• Teams from the same country can't face each other in the last 16.
• Teams that topped their group will play teams that finished second.
Boiling it down to the nitty-gritty, it means:
Spurs can play: Lyon, Valencia, Copenhagen, Roma, Marseille, Milan.
Schalke can play: Inter, Valencia, Copenhagen, Roma, Marseille, Milan, Arsenal.
Man Utd can play: Inter, Lyon, Copenhagen, Roma, Marseille, Milan.
Barcelona can play: Inter, Lyon, Roma, Marseille, Milan, Arsenal.
Bayern can play: Inter, Lyon Valencia, Copenhagen, Marseille, Milan, Arsenal.
Chelsea FC can play: Inter, Lyon, Valencia, Copenhagen, Roma, Milan.
Real Madrid can play: Inter, Lyon, Copenhagen, Roma, Marseille, Arsenal.
Shakhtar Donetsk can play: Inter, Lyon, Valencia, Copenhagen, Roma, Marseille, Milan.
Inter can play: Schalke, Man United, Barcelona, Bayern, Chelsea, Madrid, Shakhtar.
Lyon can play: Spurs, Man Utd, Barcelona, Bayern, Chelsea, Madrid, Shakhtar.
Valencia can play: Spurs, Schalke, Bayern, Chelsea, Shakhtar.
FC Copenhagen can play: Spurs, Schalke, Man Utd, Bayern, Chelsea, Madrid, Shakhtar.
Roma can play: Spurs, Schalke, Man Utd, Barcelona, Chelsea, Madrid, Shakhtar.
Marseille can play: Spurs, Schalke, Man Utd, Barcelona, Bayern, Madrid, Shakhtar.
Milan can play: Spurs, Schalke, Man Utd, Barcelona, Bayern, Chelsea, Shakhtar.
Arsenal can play: Schalke, Barcelona, Bayern, Madrid.
Several of you want to know about the results of the practice draw: Alas, word hasn't trickled back from Nyon yet. However in the office my colleagues James Dart and Gregg Roughley have rustled up a quick open draw, which saw the following:
• FC Copenhagen v Bavaria
• Schalke v Real Madrid
• Arsenal v Shahktar
• Man Utd v Milan
• Inter v Valencia
• Barcelona v Chelsea
• Tottenham v Roma
• Lyon v Marseille
Call me an old romantic, but I'd like to see an open draw at this stage. Not going to happen, mind ...
10.55am: Not long to go now. Meanwhile Adrian Chorley offers a dose of cynicism: "If the snow has prevented some freeloaders attending, will that not mean the draw may start slightly earlier, as it won't take so long for the free food and booze to get served?" they ask. "And as for 'workshops' - who do they think they're kidding?!" Think Andy Roxborough, for one, would take umbrage with those remarks ...
11am: The stirring strains of the official Champions League anthem give way to Uefa general secretary Gianni Infantino, who ambles on to the stage and says: "So, dear ladies and gentlemen, welcome again to the house of European football for the round of 16 draw ..." Goosebumps, anyone?
11.02am: Infantino makes their excuses for Michel Platini, who is at the Club World Cup, and says Spain's World Cup success shows the strength of the European geam. They add that the "Champions League continues to be the best club football tournament in the world" offering as evidence that it has "provided 276 goals in the group matches."
11.05am: Infantino then praises the "experiment with two official referees" which has provided "better control and vision for the referees". They add: "We really believe football will benefit from this." So how did the four referees all miss Carlos Vela's stonewall penalty when it was 0-0 in Braga?
11.07am: Video montage time. The haunting sounds of pan-pipes kick things off before goals from each of the teams in the last 16 draw are shown, interlaced with excitable local commentary (yes you, Peter Drury).
11.10am: "Ask Rob Bagchi when they are around if they remember writing the Champions League draw down on the good old Sportspages blackboard," says David Bronstein. "Those were the days my friend." Indeed they were. It was a wonderful shop and it is sorely missed.
11.11am: A video montage for Bobby Charlton, who was supposed to be conducting today's draw, is played ... only for Uefa to announce that they haven't been able to make it. Cue embarrassed faces all round.
11.12am: Uefa Competitions Director Giorgio Marchetti arrives in the hall, and starts explaining the rules ...
11.13am: He's still going ...
11.14am: Here we go ... cue an immensely long shuffling of the balls ...
Roma are the first team out and they will play ... FC Shakhtar Donetsk.
The next team out of the glass bowl is AC Milan and they will face Tottenham!
Infantino is getting into their stride now. "And the third team drawn is Valencia Club de Futbol ...". "And they will play FC Schalke 04."
Infantino continues: "Next ... draw ... which is FC Internazionale, three-times winners of the Champions League' ... They have FC Bayern Munich. A repeat of this year's final.
What this now means for Arsenal ... they will play either Real Madrid or Barcelona in the last 16.
Next up it's Olympique Lyon v Real Madrid ... which means Arsenal will definitely play Barcelona, as Arsene Wenger predicted yesterday.
Next out of the bowl is Arsenal ... and they are paired with Barcelona.
Marseille is next out of the bowl ... and they can only play Manchester United.
"And now we will see if we have done everything correctly or if we will have to start again," chuckles Infantino. Luckily they have no need to worry as Copenhagen are drawn with Chelsea.
11.21am: Infantino sends the sparse crowd on its way by telling them: "That concludes the draw for the Champions League. I wish you all a very happy Christmas." So, Arsenal v Barcelona, eh? Arsenal should be kicking themselves: after three group stage matches their record was played three, won three, goals scored 14m goals conceded 2, and they finished second in their group ...
11.25am: JP Meredith has this to say about Arsenal's draw: "At least Arsene can be happy in the knowledge that there is a cushy job in a German aquarium for them on retirement."
11.30am: David Miles, the Arsenal secretary, is giving their reaction to the draw: "Every draw would have been hard but Barcelona are probably the best team in Europe at the moment," they say. "We obviously want to go into the second leg with a couple of goals under our hat." They reckon 2006 could be an omen; Arsenal finished second in their group that year, beat Real Madrid, and reached the final. But Madrid 2006 are not a patch on Barcelona 2010.
11.32am: Darren Eales, Tottenham's director of football administration, is giving their reaction be being paired with Milan. "It's going to be a tough game but we know we have to beat the best to progress in this tournament," they say. "But as we've gone on in the competition we have grown in confidence. When we were 3-0 down to Young Boys after 25 minutes it looked like being a short trip to Europe ... but we fought back and have gone on from there."
11.35am: So to recap on the draw:
AS Roma v Shakhtar Donetsk
AC Milan v Tottenham Hotspur
Valencia v Schalke 04
Inter v Bayern Munich
Olympique Lyon v Real Madrid
Arsenal v Barcelona
Olympique Marseille v Manchester United
FC Copenhagen v Chelsea
* Group stage runners-up are first and will play first legs at home. The first-leg ties will be played on Feb 15/16 and 22/23 with the second legs scheduled for March 8/9 and 15/16.
11.38am: Meanwhile Josh Guiry emails in: "At least by the end of the tournament, Arsenal will be able to say that they were beaten by the Champions. Wenger will probably then put the case forward for Arsenal being the second best team in Europe."
11.40am: Finally, here's Sid Lowe on the Spanish reaction to the draw:
Despite never having beaten Lyon before, Madrid will be happy. Barcelona reasonably pleased with Arsenal. Valencia vs Raul's Schalke
Thanks for all your emails and apologies I couldn't use them all. Best, Sean
A White House petition requesting that President Obama pardon admitted National Security Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden is quickly amassing signatures as the 29-year-old former government contractor looks abroad for political asylum.
Snowden came forward on Sunday to reveal their identity as the source behind the most recent NSA leaks, which were reported by The Guardian and The Washington Post last week.
During an interview with the Guardian on Sunday, Snowden indicated that they would try to seek political asylum in Iceland. But, as Wikileaks has pointed out on Twitter, Iceland's newly-elected conservative government may not as sympathetic be as they hope. And Icelandic ambassador to Beijing Kristín Árnadóttir told the South China Morning Post that Snowden needs to be in Iceland in order to apply for asylum.
Icelandic lawmaker Birgitta Jónsdóttir and Smári McCarthy, executive director of the International Modern Media Institute, announced their intention to aid Snowden in their quest to attain asylum in Iceland.
“Whereas IMMI is based in Iceland, and has worked on protections of privacy, furtherance of government transparency, and the protection of whistleblowers, we feel it is our duty to offer to assist and advise Mr. Snowden to the greatest of our ability,” they wrote in a statement to the media Sunday.
Jonsdottir, a privacy rights and press freedom activist, is a member of Iceland's Pirate Party.
By the early Monday morning, a petition on the White House website asking for Snowdon's release had swelled to over 9,000 signatures.
The petition, which was started after Snowdon revealed their identity on Sunday, has until July 9 to reach 100,000 signatures in order to elicit an official response from the White House.
Snowdon, who had been living in Hawaii, was in Hong Kong when they revealed their identity. They moved to the semi-autonomous Chinese territory on May 20 after handing releasing a series of sensitive documents to journalists. The Washington Post reported Sunday that they first brought their story to the publication in early May.
Still, there is no guarantee Snowden is safe from extradition back to the U.S. if they remain in Hong Kong, which defers to Beijing on matters of foreign and defense policy.
On Saturday, the NSA formally requested that the Justice Department to open an investigation into the leaks.
A similar petition was started in September 2011 for U.S. Army PFC Bradley Manning, who is accused of leaking a massive trove of secret files to Wikileaks. The White House responded to the petition, which collected 6,619 signatures, by declining to comment.
“The military justice system is charged with enforcing the Uniform Code of Military Justice,” said the White House.
“Accordingly, the White House declines to comment on the specific case raised in this petition,” it said.
Manning's trial began on June 3, the day before The Guardian published its first story in its series featuring Snowden's whistleblowing.
Follow Josh on Twitter
The Gulf oil spill could lead to some serious public health problems, according to a new report released this week.
As the environmental and economic disaster continues to unfold in the Gulf of Mexico following the April 20 explosion of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig, attention has largely focused on efforts to cap the gushing sea-bottom well.
However, the Center for American Progress, an independent policy research group, has examined the potential health risks associated with the spill.
Public health dangers
The report's co-author, Lesley Russell, says the hundreds of millions of liters of crude oil that have poured from BP's broken well into the Gulf of Mexico over the past three months pose a variety of public health dangers.
They say cleanup workers in close contact with crude oil, smoke fumes and dispersants have reported feeling ill, as have many residents whose lives have been turned upside down.
Russell says the long-term impact of toxins in the environment could produce respiratory problems, excess cancers, endocrine and fertility issues, problems with contaminated seafood and post traumatic stress syndrome.
No scientific effort was made to monitor the health effects after the Exxon Valdez disaster in 1989.
Russell notes that the few studies that do document the long-term impact of an oil spill - such as the disaster off the coast of Spain in 2002 - are cause for serious concern.
"They've shown long-term respiratory problems and some problems with endocrine malfunctions and also with DNA breakages of the sort that could potentially lead to cancers."
Call for health investigation
The Center for American Progress report calls for a coordinated public health investigation into the Gulf spill, to be directed by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
The agency would coordinate government-wide efforts to collect, monitor and standardize data and target funding for immediate and longer-term needs.
California Congresswoman Lois Capps supports that plan, which they say would not require new legislation or the creation of a new federal agency to proceed.
Capps adds that BP - the British oil giant primarily responsible for the spill and its cleanup - should not be entrusted with monitoring the health effects of the oil disaster.
"They are not a public health entity," says Capps. "And they lack the experience, the expertise and even the incentive to faithfully protect public health and safety."
Holding BP accountable
But BP is still very much in the picture, says another of the report's co-authors, Ellen Marie Whelan, associate director of Health Policy at the Center for American Progress.
Whelan says standardized data monitored over time will be crucial to any future legal actions taken to hold BP accountable for its actions.
"We have a causative agent here. We know that it has been BP that has done this, and we want to try to make sure that the costs of this response are covered by BP," they say. "We applaud the fact that there is a $20 billion escrow account put into place, but we want to make sure that is seen as a down payment and opened-ended, depending on what the needs are as we follow this through."
Another key element of the proposed public health response is that once it's established, it can be deployed for any disaster, at any time, says Center for American Progress visiting scholar Lesley Russell.
"We shouldn't be doing this on an ad hoc basis. We should have something ready to go from the very beginning." Russell adds that the center's proposed plan underscores the need for immediate action, and they are hopeful federal health officials concerned about the Gulf oil spill will be guided by its recommendations.
GuysLikeU's Matt Oakes opens up about an abusive relationship that left them reclusive.
There are some things that happen to us in life that takes us a long time to deal with and process. And for me, I am finally at a place where I am ready to talk about something that is very personal, something that happened to me many years ago. It has taken me all that time to work through it and begin to get back to being me. I want to talk about domestic abuse.
Several years ago I met guy who for whatever reason just clicked with me. We spent all our time together, shared each others interests, met each other's families and I began to fall for him. They had their issues which I always knew, family problems and they were not at all comfortable with their sexuality, but their issues were not where the problems began, it was how they dealt with them.
I soon noticed they were turning to alcohol a lot to cope with the problems going on their life, and soon they began to spiral out of control. They turned to drugs, began hanging out with a bad crowd, people who I'd never seen before. They became almost a completely different person to the guy I once knew, the guy I fell for. But when you care about someone you don't turn your back on them, right? You stay and try to be there for them, help them through whatever it is they are going through. My decision to stay and help took a very unexpected and scary turn.
I remember most of what happened clear as day. I was driving us around country lanes exploring places we had never been before, no idea where we were or where we were heading. This is something we used to do each week. We would pull up and talk, have a drink, whatever we'd stumble upon.
But this night was different. They were drunk and when I pulled over they insisted on having a go at driving my car. Naturally I refused – there's no way I'd let a drunk behind the wheel of my car let, alone one who doesn't have a licence. This led to a huge argument. They were screaming at me about not trusting him, showing a side of them I had never seen before. They stormed out of the car telling me to leave them there and they would walk home – I didn't….I couldn't, neither of us knew where we were and it was getting dark.
I went after them and that is where events spiraled out of control and get a bit hazy. The argument continued and during this they smashed a beer bottle. I know at one point they threatened me with the broken glass, and me thinking I knew him, called their bluff. I challenged them to use it, thinking there is no way on earth they would.
Next thing I knew I was pinned to the road with the broken beer bottle pushed against my neck. I remember feeling it pierce the skin and I remember tasting blood in my mouth….and they were laughing. I can remember just laying there for a good while, even after they got off me. I felt numb, in complete shock at what had just happened. That was the last night I saw him.
How I dealt with this event was the worst part for me, mainly because I didn't deal with it. I told no one, I shut myself away from friends and aside from going to work I pretty much became a recluse. I felt so ashamed of myself for what had happened and felt so vunerable that someone I had trusted so much could have ever had done something like that to me. In my mind I thought not dealing with it and not talking about it would make it just go away and I could move on.
But this is never the answer. Moments like that change you, and if you don't talk to someone about it and face it head on you are never going to be able to get back to the person you once were. Luckily for me I met a couple of guys who after four years of not trusting anyone, I actually felt like I could open up to.
These guys without even knowing it helped me move on just by talking through my past with them and letting me open up to them, and now I am in a much better place. My confidence is back on track and I'm beginning to get back out there – I'm me again.
I'm not sharing this with you to get things off my chest or just to share my story. But I want to highlight the importance of dealing with domestic abuse, and that there is NEVER an excuse for it to happen. What happened to me was mild compared to what a lot of guys who deal with abuse on a daily basis.
It doesn't have to be just physical abuse either, emotional abuse can affect someone just as much. Please, if anyone out there is going though something like this, reach out to someone for help. There are lots of support initiatives out there you can call or if you have a friend you can confide in.
The most important thing to remember is don't be ashamed, don't let another person ruin your life. You might think you can change or fix them, but the truth is being someone's punch bag is not helping anyone. Always make sure you are happy in any relationship and if you're not for any reason, then be honest with yourself, maybe this isn't the right person for you. How much you love or care for them doesn't come into it, you can'tlet it. You deserve to be with someone who treats you right and makes you happy….we all do.
If you are experiencing anything like this get in contact with: www.brokenrainbow.org.uk/ www.mensadviceline.org.uk
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Pinterest
Email
More
Print
LinkedIn
Google
Reddit
Pocket
Purchase your limited mintage 2016 Silver Maple Tank Privy for as low as {{premium}} over spot today!
We are proud to offer the 2016 1 oz Canadian Silver Maple Mark V Tank Privy from our extensive selection of domestic and foreign silver bullion. Each tank privy silver coin consists of one troy ounce of .9999 fine silver, and is manufactured in Reverse Proof state by the Royal Canadian Mint. The Mark V Tank Privy qualifies for a self-directed precious metals IRA, but mintage is limited to 50,000 so add one to your collection while supplies last.
The reverse of this silver coin features the iconic Canadian Maple Leaf. The Mark V tank privy mark is featured below the leaf and to the left of the stem. “CANADA”, “9999”, and “FINE SILVER 1 OZ ARGENT PUR” also feature on the reverse.
The obverse features a right facing effigy of Queen Elizabeth II, the longest reigning monarch in British history. The obverse also carries the inscriptions “ELIZABETH II”, “5 DOLLARS”, and “2015”.
The Mark series tank was introduced in 1916 during the First World War. At the time, the Allied military front in the European theater was mired in trench warfare. The Mark V ended the stalemate, and subsequently changed how military campaigns were administered on the ground. The 2016 Tank Privy Canadian Silver Maple commemorates the 100th year since the Mark's arrival in the theater of war, and the efforts of the Canadian military in WWI.
Each round is manufactured by The Royal Canadian Mint in reverse proof condition, and exclusively distributed by Provident Metals. Like other Canadian Silver Maples, this tank privy coin will be a beautiful addition to your bullion retirement portfolio.
Individual rounds will ship in plastic flips, quantities of 25 in in mint tubes, and quantities of 500 come in a red monster box. Since these are secondary market, the tamper-evident seals on the tubes may or may not be present and intact.
If you like the Silver Maple Tank Privy, then you may also like the First Day of Issue NGC PF70 and NGC PF69 Silver Tank Privies.
Commemorate the 100th year of Canada's efforts in WWI, and the introduction of the Mark tank series into the theater of war with Provident Metals and The Royal Canadian Mint. Order your coin today through our secure website, or by calling our customer service representatives at 800-313-3315!
. Jesse Owens and Adolf Hitler: The REAL Story! BERLIN OLYMPICS - 1936 ZIONIST MEDIA FALSELY ACCUSES HITLER OF 'SNUBBING' JESSE OWENS . . . ... . International Jewry had urged a boycott of the 1936 Olympics. . .. The 1936 Olympics had already been awarded to Germany before Hitler became Chancellor in '33. So, despite the protests and boycotts organized by Jewish groups, it is too late to take the games away from Germany. . .. . . Hitler was cheered by adoring German crowds....and so was Owens! . The games showcase the new Germany. Visitors are impressed at the spirit and positive outlook of the German people. Germany wins more medals than any other nation, but it is Black American Jesse Owens who is the biggest star of the games. The German crowd cheers wildly for Owens as they win 4 Gold Medals as both a sprinter and long jumper. Owens is befriended by their German Long Jump competitor, Luz Long. (The two become good friends, and will remain penpals until Long is killed in World War II). German National Radio even interviews Owens ( audio here! ). . . New York: 1933: Madison Square Garden demo! The Zionist media hated Hitler. . . . The Zionist media had been agitating against Germany since 1933. Owens is used to vilify Hitler. It was reported then, and has been repeated endlessly ever since, that Hitler "snubbed" Owens because they were Black , storming out of the stadium in a fit of rage when Owens won their first race. This "snub" makes Hitler seem petty and rude in the eyes of the world. . BUT THE STORY OF 'THE SNUB' IS A BIG LIE! . . . German long jumper Luz Long became friends and penpals with Owens. . Owens themselves will confirm that the “snub” story is a hoax, stating in 1936: "When I passed the Chancellor, they arose, waved their hand at me, and I waved back. I think the writers showed bad taste in criticizing the man of the hour in Germany [Hitler]." Years later, in their autobiography, Owens again clarifies: . "Hitler didn't snub me -it was FDR who snubbed me. The president didn't even send me a telegram." .. . Finally, in 2009, well known German sportwriter Siegfried Mischner, comes clean with a secret they had been keeping. Mischner describes an encounter they had with Jesse Owens in the 1960's. Mischner, now 83, claims that Owens carried around a photograph in their wallet of Hitler shaking Owen's hand! *The following excerpt is from a story appearing in the UK Daily Mail : ***** Hitler enjoying the 1936 Olympics. It turns out they were very gracious towards Owens! "Owens, who felt the newspapers of the day reported 'unfairly' on Hitler's attitude towards him, tried to get Mischner and their journalist colleagues to change the accepted version of history in the 1960s. Mischner claimed Owens showed them the photograph and told him: 'That was one of my most beautiful moments.' Mischner said: 'It was taken behind the honour stand and so not captured by the world's press. But I saw it, I saw them shaking Hitler's hand. 'The predominating opinion in post-war Germany was that Hitler had ignored Owens. 'We therefore decided not to report on the photo. The consensus was that Hitler had to continue to be painted in a bad light in relation to Owens.' Mischner, who went on to write a book about the 1936 Olympics, said other journalists were with them on the day that Owens produced the photo and they too did not report on it. 'Owens was disappointed,' they said. 'He shook their head disapprovingly. The press then was very obedient. I can make no excuses, but no one wanted to be the one to make Hitler the monster look good. 'All my colleagues are dead, Owens is dead. I thought this was the last chance to set the record straight. I have no idea where the photo is or even if it exists still.' ***** And now you know the REAL story of Hitler's "snub" of Jesse Owens. What else have we been lied to about? Read "The Bad War" & " The 100 Year Murder! " and see!
* The WW 2 portions of Forbidden History
THE 100 YEAR MURDER! 37 Nails In The Coffin Of The USA 1901 - 2013 CLICK HERE
'I don't believe in conspiracy theories! Go away!" FREE REPORT & FREE UPDATES!
'How To Respond To An Anti Conspiracy Theorist' . Never again be at a loss for words when some ignoramus tells you: "Aw that's just a Conspiracy Theory." . . No self respecting 'conspiracy theorist' should be without this essential BLOCKBUSTER REPORT! SIGN UP now and receive a link to the FREE report plus periodic FREE summaries of Historical & Current Events.
Be sure to CHECK YOUR JUNK / SPAM BOX in case report doesn't go through. Submit form below
DECEMBER 2013 FUNDRAISING GOALS
WE DO NOT SELL ADVERTISING Reader support keeps TomatoBubble.com online, producing new content, and freeing new minds. Please help us meet one or both of our monthly donation targets. GOAL # 1 LUMP SUM DONATIONS GOAL # 2 NEW MONTHLY AUTO-DONATIONS $800
$40 (Minimum of $1.95 monthly)
View our group's official fundraising thermometer here from School-Fundraisers.com to see how close we've come to our fundraising goal. View our group's official fundraising thermometer here from School-Fundraisers.com to see how close we've come to our fundraising goal. ALL automatic Monthly Donors, and Lump Sum donors of $9 or more in a year will receive passwords to access the locked pages of NWO Forbidden History (WW 2 - 2013) and pdf access. .
ALL Automatic Monthly Donors, and Lump Sum donors of $24 or more in a year, will also receive private access to our popular daily feature - The Anti New York Times.
E-mail questions or special requests to: GreatTomatoBubble@yahoo.com 3 DONATION OPTIONS 1 Time Credit Card / 1 Time By Mail / Monthly Automatic 1-TIME CREDIT CARD DONATION (PayPal Account NOT needed) Click 'Donate' icon at right. . $5 Minimum gets you passwords to the locked pages of this site (WW 2 - 2013) $9 Minimum gets you a pdf of NWO Forbidden History, including WW 2 portions $24 Minimum gets you 1 year of The Anti New York Times.
. . FOR 1-TIME CASH, CHECK OR MONEY ORDER BY MAIL Send to Address listed at right. .
$5 Minimum gets you passwords to locked pages of this site (WW 2 - 2013) $9 Minimum gets you pdf of NWO Forbidden History, including WW 2 $24 Minimum gets you 1 year of The Anti New York Times. Payable & Mailable to: Aida Dipescle PO Box 804 Saddle Brook, NJ 07663 E-mail any questions to: GreatTomatoBubble@yahoo.com MONTHLY AUTO DONATION PREFERRED
No long term commitment . It's quick and easy to AUTO-DONATE via PayPal. It takes just seconds to open a free PayPal account that lets you pay with any card. E-mail GreatTomatoBubble@yahoo.com for Money Order payment instructions or any other special payment requests. $1.95 per month (Minimum amount. Could you do a little more so we can expand the circulation?)
$3 per month $5 per month $7 per month $10 per month $15 per month $20 per month $25 per month $35 per month E-mail questions to: GreatTomatoBubble@yahoo.com TOP OF PAGE UPDATES PAGE HOME
Alaska Airlines Introduces Service from Seattle to New Orleans, Tampa and Detroit Great intro fares and Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan members can earn double miles
2/11/2014 5:00 a.m.
SEATTLE  Alaska Airlines is bringing nonstop daily service from Seattle to New Orleans and Tampa, Fla., starting June 12 and June 20, respectively, and to Detroit starting Sept. 4.
"Alaska Airlines is thrilled to give our customers nonstop service to New Orleans, Tampa and Detroit from our Seattle hub," said Joe Sprague, vice president of marketing. "This provides even more nonstop flights to the places Seattle needs to go, and further strengthens our growing U.S. route network."
Summary of new service: Seattle-New Orleans Start Date City Pair Departs Arrives Frequency June 12 Seattle-New Orleans 10:15 a.m. 5:00 p.m. Daily June 12 New Orleans-Seattle 5:55 p.m. 8:50 p.m. Daily Seattle-Tampa, Fla. Start Date City Pair Departs Arrives Frequency June 20 Seattle-Tampa 8:50 a.m. 5:30 p.m. Daily June 20 Tampa-Seattle 6:30 p.m. 9:25 p.m. Daily Seattle-Detroit Start Date City Pair Departs Arrives Frequency Sept. 4 Seattle-Detroit 9:05 a.m. 4:14 p.m. Daily Sept. 4 Detroit-Seattle 5:20 p.m. 6:55 p.m. Daily
All times based on local time zones
Introductory fares for the new Seattle flights start at $149* one-way. Tickets must be purchased by Feb. 26 and travel completed between June 12 and Nov. 19 for Seattle -New Orleans flights, between June 20 and Nov. 10 for Seattle-Tampa, and between Sept. 4 and Nov. 19, 2014, for Seattle-Detroit. For complete fare rulesincluding blackout dates and advance purchase requirementsvisit www.alaskaair.com or call 1-800-ALASKAAIR (1-800-252-7522 or TTY/TDD line 1-800-392-0228).
Alaska Airlines is offering members of its Mileage Plan double miles on flights between Seattle and New Orleans and Seattle and Tampa, and double elite-qualifying miles for flights between Seattle and Detroit. To qualify, travelers must be members of Alaska Airlines' Mileage Plan and register at www.alaskaair.com. Customers who have not yet joined Mileage Plan can enroll at no cost online. For more information and complete double mile rules*, visit www.alaskaair.com.
The routes will be operated with Boeing 737 aircraft. Alaska Airlines flies to more destinations from Seattle than any other carrier, including 21 cities east of the Rocky Mountains.
Alaska Airlines, a subsidiary of Alaska Air Group (NYSE: ALK), together with its partner regional airlines, serves nearly 100 cities through an expansive network in Alaska, the Lower 48, Hawaii, Canada and Mexico. Alaska Airlines has ranked "Highest in Customer Satisfaction Among Traditional Network Carriers" in the J.D. Power and Associates North America Airline Satisfaction StudySM for six consecutive years from 2008 to 2013. For reservations, visit www.alaskaair.com. For more news and information, visit the Alaska Airlines Newsroom at www.alaskaair.com/newsroom.
* General terms and conditions: Fares require a 14-day advance purchase, and are available on Tuesday, Wednesday and Saturday only. Seats are limited and may not be available on all flights or all days. Fares include all taxes and fees including the September 11 Security Fee. A ticket purchased at an Alaska Airlines airport location or through a reservation call center will cost $15 more per person than the advertised fare. Tickets are nonrefundable but can be changed for a $125 change fee and any applicable changes in fare. A $25 baggage fee will apply for each of the first two checked bags. Additional bags and overweight or oversize items cost $75 each. For complete fare rules, visit www.alaskaair.com.
*Terms and conditions for double miles and double elite-qualifying miles offers: Registration is required in order to receive double miles and double elite-qualifying miles. For Seattle-New Orleans flights, register by April 15 and earn double miles between June 12 and Aug. 15, 2014. For Seattle-Tampa, register by April 15 and earn double miles between June 20 and Aug. 15, 2014. Double miles between Seattle and New Orleans or Seattle and Tampa will not count toward Mileage Plan elite status. For Seattle-Detroit, register by July 15 and earn double elite-qualify miles between Sept. 4 and Oct. 31, 2014. Double-elite qualifying miles for qualifying flights between Seattle and Detroit will count toward Mileage Plan elite status. Offer valid only on qualifying, paid, nonstop flights marketed and operated by Alaska Airlines. Flight miles must be credited to your Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan account in order to earn double elite-qualifying miles. This offer is not valid on free or award travel tickets. Please allow four to six weeks for miles to be credited to your Mileage Plan account. All terms and conditions of the Mileage Plan program apply. Offer subject to change without notice. Visit www.alaskaair.com for complete details.
The former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon has launched a scathing attack on George W Bush, portraying them as a buffoon whose presidency was as “destructive” as any in American history.
Khizr Khan: the patriotic American Muslim who called out Donald Trump Read more
Bannon was responding to a speech this week in which the 43rd president denounced bigotry in the Donald Trump era and warned that the rise of “nativism”, isolationism and conspiracy theories have clouded the nation's true identity.
Speaking to a capacity crowd at a California Republican party convention on Friday night, Bannon said: “He embarrassed himself. The speechwriter wrote a highfalutin speech. It's clear they didn't understand anything they were talking about … They have no earthly idea whether he's coming or going, just like it was when they were president of the United States.”
The executive chairperson of Breitbart News went on to apologise to any “Bush folks” in the audience before asserting: “There has not been a more destructive presidency than George Bush's.”
At first, some in the crowd booed loudly at the mere mention of Bush, the architect of the Iraq war, CNN reported. There was also scattered applause and some shouts of support. Others remained silent.
Bannon was forced out of the White House in August but remains in close contact with Trump, whose mutual antipathy with Bush is little secret.
They have no earthly idea whether he's coming or going, just like it was when they were president Bannon on Bush
Trump assailed Bush's legacy during the 2016 presidential election campaign, saying they failed to keep America safe on 11 September 2001 and condemning their decision to invade Iraq. They clashed bitterly with Bush's brother Jeb, a rival candidate who was swiftly eliminated. Bush attended Trump's inauguration in January but was reported to have said: “That was some weird shit.”
In New York earlier this week Bush, breaking from former presidents' traditional reluctance to criticise their successors, warned of a system corrupted by “conspiracy theories and outright fabrication” in which nationalism has been “distorted into nativism.”
They said: “Bullying and prejudice in our public life sets a national tone and provides permission for cruelty and bigotry.”
They did not mention Trump by name. At the White House on Friday, press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders played down the issue, saying: “Our understanding is that those comments were not directed towards the president.”
Play Video 2:00 George W Bush: US politics 'vulnerable to outright fabrication' – video
But the duelling speeches demonstrate a worsening split within the Republican party. Bannon's remarks in Anaheim came during an address thick with attacks on the Washington status quo, echoing their call for an “open revolt” against establishment Republicans before next year's midterm elections. They called the “permanent political class” one of the great dangers faced by the country.
McConnell and Trump put on show of unity as Bannon urges Republican 'war' Read more
A small group of protesters gathered outside the hotel where Bannon spoke, chanting and waving signs – one displaying a Nazi swastika. The protesters were kept behind steel barricades on a plaza across an entrance road at the hotel, largely out of view of people entering for the event. No arrests were reported.
Bannon also took aim at the Silicon Valley and its “lords of technology”, predicting that tech leaders and progressives in the state would try to secede from the union in 10 to 15 years. They called the threat to break up the nation a “living problem”.
They tried to cheer long-suffering Republicans in a state that Trump lost by more than 4m votes and where the GOP has become largely irrelevant in state politics. In Orange County, where the convention was held, several Republican House members are trying to hold on to their seats in districts carried by Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential contest.
“You've got everything you need to win,” Bannon told them. The speech ended to a standing ovation.
Bannon is promoting a field of primary challengers to take on incumbent Republicans in Congress. But California has become a kind of Republican mausoleum: GOP supporters can relive the glory days by visiting the stately presidential libraries of Ronald Reagan and Richard Nixon but Democrats control every statewide office and rule both chambers of the legislature by commanding margins.
Not all Republicans were glad to see Bannon. In a series of tweets last week the former state assembly Republican leader Chad Mayes said they were shocked by the decision to have the conservative firebrand headline the event.
“It's a huge step backward and demonstrates that the party remains tone deaf,” Mayes tweeted.
California Republicans have bickered for years over what direction to turn – towards the political center or to the right. Bannon argued that the coalition that sent Trump to the White House, including conservatives, libertarians, populists, economic nationalists and evangelicals, could hold power for decades if it stays unified.
“If you have the wisdom, the strength, the tenacity, to hold that coalition together, we will govern for 50 to 75 years,” they said.
Two Bush presidents condemn 'racial bigotry' amid Trump backlash Read more
Most California governors in the 20th century were Republicans and state voters helped elevate a string of GOP candidates to the White House. But the party's fortunes started to erode in the late 1990s after a series of measures targeting immigrants, which alienated growing segments of the state's population.
In 2007, then-governor Arnold Schwarzenegger warned party members that the GOP was “dying at the box office” and needed to move to the political center and embrace issues like climate change to appeal to a broader range of voters. In 2011 a state Republican party committee blocked an attempt by moderates to push the state platform toward the center on immigration, abortion, guns and gay rights.
The decline continued. Republicans are now a minor party in many California congressional districts, outnumbered by Democrats and independents. Statewide, Democrats count 3.7m more voters than the GOP.
Political scientist Jack Pitney, who teaches at Claremont McKenna College, said they doubted Bannon's speech would color the 2018 congressional contests, which remain far off for most voters. More broadly, they said Bannon's politics would hurt the GOP, including among affluent, well-educated voters who play an important part in county elections.
“Inviting them was a moral and political blunder,” Pitney said.
Search
faunoiphilia, also called zoophilic voyeurism, is a type of paraphilia. it is s-xual arousal from watching animals copulate.
arousal from faunoiphilia may be intensified if the animals mating are different in size, age, species, or a combination of the three. it may also be intensified if the s-xual organs of one or both animals can be seen. animals of faunoiphilia interest include, but are not limited to horses, dogs, dolphins, and various rodents.
a person involved with faunoiphilia may:
or may not be involved in b-st–lity,
have little or no interest in human s-xuality,
purchase animals from pet stores or breeders for the sole, purpose of watching them mate,
write stories about animals mating,
draw pictures of animals mating,
m-st-rb-t- while watching or thinking about animals mating,
take photographs of animals mating,
download pictures of animals mating from the internet…
U.S. Senate hopeful Tim Kaine (AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File)
Since the campaign began a year ago, the former Democratic National Committee chairperson has raised $7.4 million. They have consistently outpaced their chief rival, former governor and senator George Allen, in a race that is expected to be one of the most expensive in the country.
Kaine received donations from more than 19,000 individuals since last year; 6,000 new donors made contributions of $200 or less in the first quarter, bringing the total number of low-dollar donors to more than 14,000, according to the campaign.
Kaine automatically became the Democratic nominee for U.S. Senate when no others submitted signatures to have themselves place on the ballot by last week's deadline.
The four Republicans who are running in the U.S. Senate primary in June have not released their fundraising totals for the quarter. They are: Allen, tea party activist Jamie Radtke, Del. Bob Marshall (Prince William) and Bishop Earl Jackson.
Allen has raised $4.5 million. Radtke and Jackson have each raised less than $1 million. Marshall recently jumped into the race and has not reported any fundraising numbers yet.
President Trump has devoted a great deal of their Twitter activity in the past few days to the special election in Georgia's 6th congressional district, urging voters in the reliably conservative suburban area of Atlanta to vote for a Republican — any Republican — on Tuesday so Democrat Jon Ossoff would be forced into a runoff. When Ossoff came up just short of the 50 percent they needed to win outright — they got about 48 percent — Trump once again turned to Twitter for a modest victory lap.
Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 19, 2017
At the same time, White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders downplayed Trump's involvement in the election on Tuesday. Asked on Air Force One if the election was a referendum on Trump's first 100 days, they said, "I wouldn't use the word referendum." In fact, when House Speaker Paul Ryan's Congressional Leadership Fund polled voters in the district in March, they found that Ryan was a better advocate in Georgia's 6th — or, mostly, tying Ossoff to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi — than Trump, who barely won the district in November. The Republican that Ossoff will face on June 20, in fact, kept Trump at arm's length.
Ryan's super PAC, the CLF, was the first GOP outfit to jump in the race, March 25, after polling found Ossoff doing well and gaining steam. On Tuesday, CLF executive director Cory Bliss took credit for forcing the runoff. "If we had waited another couple of weeks, it would have been too late," they told The Washington Examiner. The CLF quickly set up a field office with 100 paid staff to knock on doors of targeted voters, seven days a week, and poured more than $2 million into negative advertising against Ossoff. The National Republican Congressional Committee also sent staff into the district, and GOP groups spent another $3 million against Ossoff.
"This is a solid Republican seat in which Democratic performance has lingered in mid-30s over the past three election cycles," Ed Espinoza, a Democratic strategist, told The Washington Examiner. The CLF will continue to pour resources into defeating Ossoff in June, and Trump will probably continue tweeting about the race. Peter Weber
LONDON -- The U.K.'s telecom landscape is about to go through a seismic change over the next 12 months with two mega mergers set to happen. And the first of those has taken a step closer to completion with approval from the competition authority.
BT Group, the U.K.'s leading broadband and fixed-line provider, has tabled a bid worth 12.5 billion pounds ($19.1 billion) for EE, the nation's biggest mobile phone operator and, on Wednesday, the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) gave its provisional approval for the deal, stating the deal "is not expected to result in a substantial lessening of competition (SLC) in any market in the U.K."
BT's shares have risen over 3 percent on the London Stock Exchange Wednesday as a result of the news.
The deal would allow BT to offer customers so-called quad-play packages of TV, fixed-line phone, broadband and mobile, which competitors like Virgin Media and TalkTalk already do. The approval, albeit provisional, is expected to anger competitors who see the deal allowing for the creation of a dominant player across all telecoms sectors.
Vodafone UK told International Business Times in an email that overall it was "disappointed" with the CMA's initial findings.
"Although we agree with the CMA's finding that the UK wholesale mobile market is and will remain very competitive, we strongly believe the combination of the UK's dominant supplier of digital fixed infrastructure, upon which all other providers rely, with the largest mobile operator would have a negative impact on the market and the services available to millions of UK consumers and businesses," a Vodafone spokesperson said.
John Wotton, chair of the CMA inquiry, disagreed with Vodafone's conclusions: "As BT is a smaller operator in mobile, it is unlikely that the merger will have a significant effect on competition. By the same token, it is unlikely that the merger will have a significant effect on competition in the retail broadband market, where EE is only a minor player," they wrote in their comments in the report.
However the four main mobile providers could soon become three as O2 has agreed to sell its U.K. operations to Hutchison Whampoa for 10.25 billion pounds ($15.69 billion). Hutchison already owns and operates the Three network in the U.K., and many analysts expect that deal to struggle to win regulatory approval.
The CMA provisional approval is just one hurdle the BT-EE deal has to clear before being given the final green light, with BT also dealing with telecom watchdog Ofcom in relation to the potential splitting of its fiber network known as Openreach from its core business. BT is currently required to give equal access to the nationwide Openreach fiber network to its competitors, but some have voiced concerns that this is not happening.
Unsurprisingly BT has welcomed the CMA's decision, with CEO Gavin Patterson saying: “We're pleased that the CMA has provisionally approved BT's acquisition of EE. The combined BT and EE will be good for the U.K., providing investment and ensuring consumers and businesses can benefit from further innovation in a highly competitive market.”
Susan Sarandon, who in recent weeks has been campaigning for Bernie Sanders, dismisses the notion that Hillary Clinton's victory in the Nevada caucuses was such a turning point for their campaign that they will be next to impossible to beat.
Media pundits have said that, starting with this weekend's South Carolina primary, the map favors Clinton to amass a large share of delegates, even as Sanders is looking to win states on Super Tuesday — March 1.
“This is the media that wasn't even covering Bernie Sanders before Iowa,” Sarandon tells Variety‘s “PopPolitics” on SiriusXM. “Nothing surprises me, because they lack imagination, and they lack journalistic ability to even read things. It is kind of like they are approaching this like a reality show and reporting it like a horse race.”
Sarandon, who campaigned in Nevada for Sanders, called the caucus system there “just so crazy and all over the place and sloppy. [There were] so many instances of people being turned away and the registration being lost, and then one place where everyone left and they hadn't appointed delegates. Or choosing cards to see who won. It's a very unusual way to do this.”
They called Sanders “certainly the only candidate that I have really wholeheartedly felt was not the lesser of two evils, that I really get behind in the purest way and with the most enthusiasm.
“I feel that supporting them is not just supporting them as a candidate, but really an opportunity for a movement to shift the way our government is working and shift away from corporate takeover, and big Pharma and Monsanto and fracking, and all of these things that have undermined a progressive agenda, and [give it] back to the people,” they said.
They said that they don't know “if any of my friends are supporting Hillary Clinton . The people who take me to task — it is the same old thing. ‘But don't you want a woman?'”
“But most of the people who say that are not aware of their record. It is strange to see somebody who says they are against fracking, and then you tell them, ‘Well, you know [Hillary Clinton] has been selling fracking, and they have chosen not to recognize that,” they said. “I have nothing against them personally. I just find their record inconsistent and not in alignment with my progressing values.”
Listen below:
More of the interview here.
“PopPolitics,” hosted by Variety's Ted Johnson, airs Thursdays at 2 pm ET/11 am PT on SiriusXM's political channel POTUS. It also is available on demand.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump is preparing to replace their much-criticised travel ban with a new order tailored on a country-by-country basis - affecting more than the six nations already targeted, according to reports.
The new rules would not have a stated end date, with countries facing the potential of being added or removed from the list at any time, according to the Wall Street Journal.
The Department of Homeland Security's plan would replace Trump's earlier executive order that banned travelers from six Muslim-majority countries and limited refugee admissions.
(Image: REUTERS)
The March 6 order suspended travel for people from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days and locked out most aspiring refugees for 120 days.
That ban, which took effect in June, is now before the Supreme Court where it faces a key hearing over its constitutionality in October.
The 90-day ban expires on Sunday, while the refugee ban expires on Oct. 24.
Trump's administration has said the ban is critical to national security, while opponents have argued it violates the US Constitution's religious protections.
The first version of Trump's order, signed in January, sparked protests and chaos at airports worldwide before it was blocked by US courts.
(Image: AFP)
The administration replaced it with a new version in March in response to the legal challenges.
“The Trump administration will ensure we only admit those who can be properly vetted and will not pose a threat to national security or public safety,” a White House official said when asked about the Journal's story on Friday.
The Journal's report said it was not immediately clear which countries would be affected by the latest restrictions, which Trump could reject or modify.
Representatives for the DHS did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the WSJ report.
The Supreme Court is due to hear oral arguments in the challenge to the March 6 order on October 10.
Duke of York 'will have to judge whether they should carry on' amid controversy over ties with discredited business figures
Pressure is mounting on Prince Andrew over their trade envoy role for Britain amid claims they have become "a national embarrassment".
The business secretary, Vince Cable, said the prince would have to judge whether they should carry on as UK trade envoy following further revelations over the weekend about their controversial dealings with discredited business figures.
Ministers indicated over the weekend that a review of the Duke of York's role as Britain's trade ambassador would be used to lower their profile, amid growing unease in Downing Street and ministerial circles.
Ministers have been alarmed by the prince's links with Jeffrey Epstein, a billionaire US financier who served a prison sentence for soliciting an underage girl for prostitution. The Mail on Sunday reported that the FBI is to reopen its investigation into Epstein over allegations of their involvement with underage girls.
Cable told the BBC Radio 4 Today programme that conversations would be taking place with Prince Andrew over their future role as Britain's special trade representative: "He is a volunteer, they have offered to perform these roles, and I think it is down to them essentially to judge the position they want to be in.
"Obviously there are conversations that will take place with them about what they are to do in future. That is simply a matter of managing the relationship."
A picture was released last week of the prince with their arm around Virginia Roberts, then aged 17, who claims they were sexually exploited by Epstein and their friends. The teenager said they met the prince, who allegedly enjoyed regular massages at Epstein's home. The prince categorically denies any wrongdoing or impropriety.
Chris Bryant, a Labour MP and former foreign minister, said the royal had become "a national embarrassment" who should no longer be used as a trade ambassador.
Bryant, who was chastised by the Commons Speaker last week for raising the issue on the floor of the house , told BBC Breakfast: "I am sure there are some countries in the world where having a visiting royal makes a difference, it makes it possible to have some meetings which wouldn't otherwise be possible. But I am afraid they have now just become a national embarrassment.
"My worry is that, sometimes when they go on these trips, I am not sure whether they are helping us out or they are just helping himself.
"The truth is we shouldn't be using them for these delegations anymore."
It was reported on Monday that the prince was shortly planning to lead a trade mission to Saudi Arabia, which has been identified as one of the most attractive potential markets for British companies.
Prince Harry last week cancelled a charity polo match in Dubai due to concerns it would appear insensitive amid rising political instability in the Middle East.
But the Duke of York is reportedly pressing ahead with the tour after cancelling earlier plans to visit Tunisia, according to the Financial Times.
The prince faced embarrassment over the weekend when the Guardian reported that they hosted a leading member of the deposed Tunisian dictatorship at Buckingham Palace three months before the regime collapsed. Sakher el-Materi, the son-in-law of Tunisia's deposed president, Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali, attended a lunch with more than a dozen executives from British multinationals hoping to win business in Tunisia. Materi, 29, fled Tunisia after Ben Ali was ousted.
One cabinet minister said a hard-headed assessment of Prince Andrew's role would be made during a "tasking review", which is held every six months to assess their work as Britain's special trade representative.
"The gas can be turned up and the gas can be turned down," the minister said, but stressed there was no question of removing the prince. "The royals go on, that is what they do," they said.
There were suggestions over the weekend that Prince Andrew could be given more of a ceremonial role rather than their official position as trade envoy on behalf of the government body, UK Trade & Investment (UKTI).
Government sources indicated that they would be relieved to see the back of the prince as special trade representative. "It really is up to him," one senior source said. "Will many people be shedding tears if they decided to go? I doubt it."
It has been reported that Epstein helped to pay off debts owed by Sarah Ferguson after an alleged intervention from the prince, their former husband. Epstein is said to have given £15,000 to a former assistant of Feguson's after the prince allegedly made an appeal as part of efforts to help them avoid bankruptcy.
As unease grew at senior levels in Whitehall about the prince's links with a convicted sex offender, the prince held talks last week with Sir John Cunliffe, the prime minister's most senior adviser on overseas business and Europe. The meeting was used to assess their future as part of the tasking review.
William Hague, the foreign secretary, said the government remained fully supportive of the prince. "I've seen a lot of benefits that they have brought in countries that I have visited where he's been performing that role," Hague told the Politics Show on BBC1.
Asked about the prince's embarrassments, Hague said: "I'm not an expert on what you say are the embarrassments, I haven't had time, with everything going on in the Middle East, to look at those things. But certainly I've seen around the world a lot of good that they have done for this country."
Other Tories were privately less supportive of the prince, reflecting unease in Downing Street about their conduct. One senior Tory source said: "There appears to be no discernible mental activity upstairs as far as the duke is concerned. I feel sorry for him. They have no friends and so is surrounded by these vile people."
But Ed Perkins, the prince's press secretary, has pleaded with Whitehall in an email to show some support.
In the email, leaked to the Telegraph, Perkins said of the disclosure that the prince had hosted a relative of the then Tunisian president: "[I] am I deploying the line that they [Materi] was vice-chairperson of the chamber of commerce. Will UKTI stand behind him? We need some government backing here."
Alastair Watson, the prince's private secretary, also took the unusual step of commenting in public to defend their reputation. In a letter to the Times, Watson wrote: "The duke has known Mr Epstein since being introduced to them in the early 1990s. The insinuations and innuendos that have been made in relation to the duke are without foundation."
Photo Credit: Baltimore Ravens
It's time to play “The Price Is Right”!
Here we go again.
As was the case in the spring of 2013, the Ravens and Joe Flacco are faced with a decision that will have great impact on the coming season (and beyond). In 2012, the goal was to reach a long term deal and avoid the use of the franchise tag that would have essentially crippled the team's Salary Cap for 2013.
This time around, while Flacco is still under contract through 2018, the need is to get Flacco restructured and extended, so that they can reduce their $28.55M Cap number and create the Cap space needed to address a roster that, all of a sudden, appears to have a lot of holes.
The remainder of Flacco's present contract breaks down as follows:
As the number show, the Cap numbers for 2016 and 2017 are very high and when the contract was signed in 2013, it was pretty much universally understood that the contract would have to be restructured and extended in 2016.
And, now here we are.
This is without a doubt the team's biggest decision of the offseason. And, while GM Ozzie Newsome indicated that the team was prepared into 2016 without having adjusted Flacco's contract, their comments were likely nothing more than the first salvo in the negotiations. It's not like Newsome was going to sit there and say that they really, really need to get this done. Flacco and their agent, Joe Linta, already seemingly have all of the leverage in the first place, so there was no way the team was going to add to that by saying how important it is for them to get Flacco's Cap number reduced.
There will be many factors involved in the negotiations – some big, some small, but all part of the equation:
FLACCO'S INJURY
Let's dispose of this right away. Throughout their career, Flacco has been extreme durable and, prior to injuring their knee on November 22nd, hadn't missed a game. In the past, such a knee injury could have meant at least a year-long recovery, but modern medicine has allowed players to return much earlier.
As former agent Joel Corry of The National Football Post and CBS Sports suggested to me, “The injury shouldn't be a factor. Joe Linta will cite Carson Palmer as an example.” Palmer, whose injury and surgery in 2014 were both about 2 weeks earlier than Flacco's, returned in time for training camp and has already won several Comeback Player of the Year awards for their 2015 season. Now, certainly, Flacco's injury was more severe, but he's also younger and has proven to be more durable throughout their career.
As such, any mention of the injury by the Ravens will likely be summarily dismissed by Linta.
RAVENS NEED THIS DEAL FAR MORE THAN FLACCO
As Corry also points out, the “Ravens need to do something more than Flacco does”.
Let's face it, Flacco is already rich beyond their wildest dreams and as a reportedly very frugal guy, is already set for life. In the first 3 years of their present deal (2013-15), they received $62M and is set to make another $18M in 2016.
From a money perspective, Flacco would be more than happy to just play out the contract and receive the $58.6M that is still due to him.
So, any enticement from the Ravens will more than likely be driven by one and/or two motives: (1) we need the Cap space to improve the team around you and (2) we'll be happy to extend the deal and write you a $30M-ish check today.
There's no doubt that Flacco would likely be amenable to a new deal to accomplish both of those goals, however, figuring out how to reduce Flacco's 2016 Cap number (basically via a bonus and new base salary) is likely the easiest part of the deal to come to an agreement on.
And, let's be clear, this contract is going to be huge. This isn't a situation where, as some have suggested, the team can just turn base salary into a bonus and lower Flacco's 2016 Cap number. While doing so would reduce Flacco's Cap number by more than $11M, it would also add over $11M in dead money onto their 2017 and 2018 Cap numbers ($5.67M each year). That would raise their 2017 Cap number to close to an untenable $37M.
Simply put, doing so would be Salary Cap suicide.
So, if they want to get something done, it's going to have to come from an extension that will add new years to the deal and give Joe a lot more money.
OTHER CONTRACT FACTORS AT PLAY
When assessing the “value” of an NFL contract, there are many measuring sticks that come into play – total value, yearly average, guaranteed money, “new money” average and the first 3-year payout.
Probably the most important of those factors are the first 3-year payout and the amount of new money.
The first 3-year payout is important because these are the years that a player is unlikely to be released. Therefore players want to get as much in those years as possible. The new money average is similarly important because it measures the amount of money that is added to the contract over and above what was already owed to the player under the prior deal.
Now, recall that Flacco is still due $58.6M over the last 3 years of the present deal. As such, Linta and Flacco are going to want at least that much over the first 3 years of the new deal.
The present standard for the first 3-year payout is Cam Newton's 2015 contract, which will pay them $67.66M over the first 3 years of the deal.
The present standard for new money average is Aaron Rodgers' 2013 contract, which had a new money average of $22M. But, as Joel Corry points out, that was 3 years ago and it's about time for that number to be topped.
The other factor that is often focused on is the guaranteed money, but as we've learned, what is fully guaranteed, or just guaranteed for skill, injury or Cap can often mean that the reported guaranteed money isn't actually so guaranteed.
POSSIBLE DEAL
So, how about some proposed numbers?
They could look like this:
Total deal: $125M
2016 Signing Bonus – $30M
2017 Option Bonus – $10M
Guaranteed money: $65M ($44M fully guaranteed)
This deal would be 6 years, for a total of $125M, with a first 3-year payout of $65M. The yearly average of the entire deal would be $20.83M, and would contain $66.4M in new money. That would make the new money average equal $22.13M, thereby topping Rodgers' 2013 deal.
Again, Flacco is owed $58.6M over the next 3 years of the current deal and if he's going to top Rodgers' new money average, then that's an additional $66M (3 additional years at $22M per year), meaning the total would have to be at least $124.6M. As structured, this deal would give Flacco more in the first 3 years ($65M) than presently scheduled (keep in mind, the Ravens need to give them reasons to want a new deal) and would put them just under Cam Newton's standard bearing, first 3-year payout of $67.66M.
As I said, it's going to be a big deal (although, the above is probably the upper limit of what the deal will turn out to be).
The biggest question is whether Flacco is going to push for a maximum deal as above or if he's willing to accept a lesser deal and give the team a hometown discount (whatever that might mean on a deal of this size).
A deal such as this would create two (2) advantages for the Ravens:
First, and most importantly, it would create $8M in new Cap space for 2016 and would lessen their 2017 Cap number by $5.6M.
Second, by using a flat structure for the deal (i.e., not a great amount of fluctuation of Cap numbers from the beginning to the end), the Ravens would likely avoid the need to renegotiate the deal in the future. This type of structure is now more commonly used for contracts of this size (especially for the 2nd extension for QBs), so it's likely that the Ravens would want to pursue such a structure and would point to this trend to support their position.
On the other hand, as pointed out by Glenn Clark of Glenn Clark Radio, it's quite possible that Linta may balk at that idea and may instead push for a deal with a structure similar to the present deal, with another forced restructure in 3 years, to potentially get Flacco one more big payday (and Linta another nice commission).
These are the types of issues that could hold up the deal, which brings us to…….
THE LINTA FACTOR
By now, it's pretty well known that Flacco's last contract negotiations got pretty contentious. For whatever reason, Linta and Newsome apparently didn't hit it off very well, and if Linta's post-contract comments are any indication, things appear to have gotten personal (at least, on Linta's side).
[Related article: Linta's ‘Dumb' Talk Could Signal Problems For Ravens]
As such, another key to the negotiations is whether Flacco is going to drive the negotiations or if he's going to let Linta handle everything. If it's the latter, all of the above parameters are going to indeed be in play and Linta will push for maximum dollars.
Again, achieving a reduced 2016 Cap number is likely to be the easiest part of this deal. It's the rest – structure, total dollars, guarantees, 3-year payout – that's going to be the most contentious part.
BOTTOM LINE
In all probability, the Ravens and Flacco will get a deal done, but it's going to be pricey. The key to it all will be the timing. If they can get the deal done before free agency starts on Wednesday, March 9, the Ravens should have ample Cap space to re-sign players they'd like to (and perhaps use the franchise tag on PK Justin Tucker if necessary) and wade into the free agent market a bit. If they can't get it done by then, it's likely to be a long offseason.
The Ravens and Flacco are on the clock and it's time to make a deal. Hopefully……the price will be right.
POSTSCRIPT
There is one other possible scenario that perhaps should not be ignored, and that is that they don't get anything done with Flacco – either by choice or by failing to reach an agreement. This could force them, for all intents and purposes, to sit out of the offseason or make moves with players that they might otherwise want to keep around. Let's not forget that Newsome did acknowledge this as a possible option that they would consider.
Newsome during State of the Ravens: “hopefully, if we are strategic enough, we can possibly put together a football team and not necessarily have to re-do Joe's contract. That has to be an option that we will look at, but we will sit down and talk about it. Then, at that point, there could be some conversation between Joe Linta and Pat.”
Again, this is probably just part of the negotiations, but from a Salary Cap perspective, waiting until 2017 would definitely shift some leverage in the team's direction because the team's ability to release Flacco is much more realistic in 2017.
While it is unlikely they would ever consider releasing the best QB in team history, the team's ability to use it as a possible threat is much more realistic in 2017. After all, as the past will show, it's not like Newsome is averse to making tough (and, sometimes, unpopular) decisions.
Any such threat this year would likely be met with laughter from Linta because the team is not going to release Flacco and take on $25.85M in dead money (with only $2.7M in savings on the Cap). But, in 2017, those numbers shift dramatically, as the dead money reduces to $15.3M, with Cap savings of $15.85M. Waiting a year longer also reduces the amount still owed to Flacco, so it could alter the length and size of the deal in the team's favor as well.
So, from a Salary Cap perspective, waiting another year before considering a restructured does make a lot of sense, but given the present needs of the team, it seems likely that they will make every effort to do something this year.
DW: What constitutes a sustainable IT product?
Niclas Rydell: A more sustainable product should be safe and ergonomic to use. It should not have too much impact on the environment, and you have to consider social aspects in production. You don't want a product that is violating the ILO conventions or the UN Rights of the Child Convention.
So how does TCO certification work?
We sign a license agreement with the brand owner. The brand owners undertake to fulfill a set of criteria, and they agree to certain consequences if they don't. In the worst case, the license is withdrawn. Then the brand owner sends the product to be certified to a third party, a test laboratory. TCO Certified does not decide if a product passes or fails. This has to be done by a third party, who is independent and has no benefit from passing or failing a product. If the product meets the criteria, the brand owner also has to let a third-party auditor visit one of their factories to see that the social conditions for the workers are OK and do not violate national or international law. Then we issue a certificate for the product.
What environmental criteria play a role?
The production facility should be environmentally certified according to ISO 1401 (Environment Management Norm). Then, the product itself should not include dangerous chemicals or other substances, which can leak out into nature if the product is burned or incorrectly recycled. The product should be easy to recycle. To verify that you can make sure that the product is easy to disassemble into small parts, and that each of the plastic parts are labeled with the type of plastic, so that you can sort them in the recycling station. The packaging material should also be recyclable, and free of dangerous chemicals. And the product has to have low energy consumption.
But another very important environmental aspect is the life of a product. If you can use the product for, say, one more year, that has an enormous impact on the environment. This is something many people do not consider. In TCO Certified, we have combined the environmental criteria with performance criteria, so a certified product is also a high-end product that can last for many years. For instance, we have verified the picture quality of displays so that the light is high, the colors and the viewing angles are good, and you can maybe still use your monitor after five years instead of buying a new one. Another factor is that you should be able to buy spare parts for your product, and repair it if it's broken. We ask the brand owners to offer a warranty for several years.
What role does the EU play in promoting sustainability in IT products?
The EU has released a new purchasing directive, where they make it simpler for purchasers in Europe to request certification as a proof of more sustainable products. If you are a buyer wanting to purchase a sustainable product, you can either learn all about sustainability yourself, or ask for a certification. The benefit is you don't have to have all the knowledge yourself, and you don't have to control it every year. According to European law, if you set the criteria, you have do follow up with controls every year, to verify that the products comply. Certifiers like TCO will do this for you. Now the EU has realized this is a good idea and is making it easier to use certification.
Many of the products are made outside the EU. Do the criteria still apply?
Yes, we have been working with brand owners in the IT industry for 20 years. We have been able to achieve a lot in the environmental sector. Now we are trying to improve social conditions in production. We have developed a network of senior management representatives who are in control of the social aspects in the factories. With them we believe we have a possibility to improve the situation for the workers. We started this in 2012, now we have 17 big IT brands in the network.
Today there is a big demand for some sort of social certification for IT. You buy fair trade coffee beans, textiles, bananas, chocolate, but when it comes to IT you don't have anything. You can now use TCO certified all over the world. Your German headquarters can make the decision and all your branches in India, USA, Asia, will be using TCO Certified products. About 50 percent of all the displays in the world are TCO certified.
TCO is the only global certification that has social criteria for IT products. This is why we are in high demand in many countries, especially Germany and Sweden. This is mostly for office products, we are working on mobile products. The higher the demand for certified mobile products, the more the brand-owners will be willing to certify their products.
TCO Certified is a sustainability label for IT products for the public sector, owned by TCO, a non-profit trade union in Sweden. Niclas Rydell is director of certification at TCO Development.
Interview: Irene Quaile
For the basketball player, see Ty Lawson
Tajuan E. "Ty" Law (born February 10, 1974) is a former American football cornerback who played fifteen seasons in the National Football League (NFL). They played college football at the University of Michigan. They were drafted by the New England Patriots 23rd overall in the 1995 NFL Draft. Law is a two-time All-Pro, a five-time Pro Bowl selection, a Pro Bowl MVP, and has won three Super Bowls with the Patriots. Their 53 career interceptions rank 24th all-time in NFL history; they are widely regarded as one of the best defensive backs of all time. Law was added to the New England Patriots Hall of Fame as its 20th member and was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame as a member of the Class of 2019 and they are the only player in NFL history to intercept Peyton Manning 9 times And 3 of their 9 interceptions against Manning came in the 2003 AFC championship game [1]
Early years [ edit ]
Law attended Aliquippa High School in Aliquippa, Pennsylvania, in Beaver County, Pennsylvania where they played football, basketball and ran track. They played in football as a cornerback, safety, wide receiver, and running back. They were named MVP of the school's basketball team.[1]
College career [ edit ]
Law had a three-year stint at the University of Michigan where they lettered three years in a row (1992–94), earned first-team All-American honors from the Walter Camp Football Foundation as a junior and was a two-time unanimous All-Big Ten Conference selection. They were on the cover of the October 3, 1994 issue of Sports Illustrated, though it was an ignominious honor: they are the defender over whom Colorado Buffaloes receiver Michael Westbrook is leaping on the famous Miracle at Michigan play. Following their junior year, they left Michigan to enter the 1995 NFL Draft due to financial hardship after their grandfather declared bankruptcy.[2]
They finished their college career with 154 tackles [120 solo, 34 assist], 6 interceptions, and 17 passes defended.[3]
Professional career [ edit ]
New England Patriots [ edit ]
The New England Patriots selected Law in the first round (23rd overall) of the 1995 NFL Draft. Law was the second cornerback drafted in 1995 after Fort Valley State's Tyrone Poole.
1995 [ edit ]
On July 20, 1995, the New England Patriots signed Law to a five-year, $5.50 million contract.[4] Throughout training camp, Law competed to be a starting cornerback against Maurice Hurst. Head coach Bill Parcells names Law the third cornerback on the Patriots' depth chart, behind Ricky Reynolds and Maurice Hurst.
They made their professional regular season debut in the New England Patriots' season-opener against the Cleveland Browns, ironically against Bill Belichick. On October 1, 1995, Law earned their first career start and made four combined tackles during a 30-17 loss at the Atlanta Falcons in Week 4. They missed two games (Weeks 8-9) due to an injury. Law became a starting cornerback in Week 12 after the Patriots released Maurice Hurst.[5][6] On November 26, 1995, Law made six combined tackles, deflected a pass, and made their first career interception against the Buffalo Bills off of Jim Kelly.[7] In Week 15, they collected a season-high eight combined tackles, broke up a pass deflection, and intercepted a pass attempt by Jets' quarterback Boomer Esiason during a 31-28 win against the New York Jets.[8] They made an interception in three consecutive games since taking over the starting role. In Week 17, they collected a season-high eight solo tackles and made their first career sack during a 10-7 loss at the Indianapolis Colts. Law sacked Colts' quarterback Jim Harbaugh for a six-yard loss during the first quarter.[9] They finished their rookie season in 1995 with 47 combined tackles (40 solo), nine pass deflections, three interceptions, and one sack in 14 games and seven starts.[10]
1996 [ edit ]
Former Cleveland Browns head coach Bill Belichick became the assistant head coach for the New England Patriots in 1996. Law and Rickey Reynolds retained their roles as starting cornerbacks.[11] On October 20, 1996, Law collected a season-high 12 combined tackles (ten solo) and deflected two passes during a 27-9 victory at the Indianapolis Colts in Week 8. Law was inactive for three games (Weeks 11-13) due to an injury.[12] On December 8, 1996, Law recorded one tackle, deflected a pass, and returned an interception for their first career touchdown as the Patriots defeated the New York Jets 34-10 in Week 15. Law intercepted a pass by Jets' quarterback Glenn Foley, that was intended for wide receiver Keyshawn Johnson, and returned it for a 38-yard touchdown during the third quarter.[13] In Week 16, Law made seven solo tackles, a season-high three pass deflections, and intercepted two pass attempts by Troy Aikman during a 12-6 loss at the Dallas Cowboys.[14] They finished the 1996 NFL season with 62 combined tackles (56 solo), nine pass deflections, three interceptions, and one touchdown in 13 games and 12 starts.[15]
The New England Patriots finished first in the AFC East with an 11–5 record and earned a first round bye. On January 5, 1997, Law started in their first career playoff game and made three combined tackles during a 28–3 victory against the Pittsburgh Steelers in the AFC Divisional Round. The following week, they recorded four tackle as the Patriots defeated the Jacksonville Jaguars 20–6 during the AFC Championship Game. On January 26, 1997, Law started in Super Bowl XXXI and made three combined tackles during a 35–21 loss against the Green Bay Packers.
1997 [ edit ]
On January 31, 1997, New England Patriots' head coach Bill Parcells resigned five days after their loss in Super Bowl XXXI.[16] On February 3, 1997, the New England Patriots announced their decision to hire San Francisco 49ers' defensive coordinator Pete Carroll as their new head coach.[17]
Law returned as the No. 1 cornerback in 1997 and started alongside Jimmy Hitchcock. In Week 15, they collected a season-high nine solo tackles during a 26-20 victory at the Jacksonville Jaguars. They started in all 16 games in 1997 and made 77 combined tackles (69 solo), 11 pass deflections, three interceptions, and was credited with half a sack.[18]
1998 [ edit ]
Patriots' head coach Pete Carroll named Law and Chris Canty the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season. On September 13, 1998, Law recorded two solo tackles, three pass deflections, intercepted two passes, and returned one for a touchdown during a 29-6 win against the Indianapolis Colts in Week 2. Law intercepted a pass by Colts' quarterback Peyton Manning, that was intended for tight end Marcus Pollard, and returned it for 59-yard touchdown during the first quarter.[19] In Week 8, Law collected a season-high seven solo tackles, deflected two passes, and made one interception during a 12-9 overtime loss at the Miami Dolphins. On November 8, 1998, Law made four combined tackles, two pass deflections, and intercepted two passes by Chris Chandler as the Patriots lost 41-10 against the Atlanta Falcons in Week 10.[20] Law started in all 16 games in 1998 and recorded 70 combined tackles (60 solo), 32 pass deflections, nine interceptions, and one touchdown.[21] Law became the first member of the New England Patriots to lead the league in interceptions and was also voted to the 1999 Pro Bowl to mark the first of their career.
1999 [ edit ]
On August 21, 1999, the New England Patriots signed Law to a six-year, $50 million contract extension that includes a signing bonus of $14 million.[22] On October 17, 1999, Law collected a season-high nine combined tackles, two pass deflections, and returned an interception by Dolphins' quarterback Dan Marino for a 27-yard touchdown during the first quarter of the Patriots' 31-30 loss against the Miami Dolphins in Week 6. Law missed two games (Weeks 15-16) due to a broken hand. On December 29, 1999, the New England Patriots placed Law on injured reserve due to their broken hand.[23] They finished the season with 57 combined tackles (48 solo), nine pass deflections, two forced fumbles, two interceptions, and one touchdown.[24]
2000 [ edit ]
On January 3, 2000, the New England Patriots fired head coach Pete Carroll after they finished the season with an 8-8 record. On January 27, 2000, the New England Patriots announced former New York Jets' defensive coordinator Bill Belichick as their new head coach.[16] Belichick named Law and Antonio Langham as the starting cornerback tandem to begin 2000. In Week 3, they collected a season-high nine combined tackles during a 21-13 loss against the Kansas City Chiefs. On December 18, 2000, Law was stopped by U.S, Customs officials in Niagara Falls, New York while crossing the Rainbow Bridge. During the routine inspection, officials found three whole ecstasy pills and four that were partially crushed. Law and teammates Terry Glenn and Troy Brown were returning from visiting an adult nightclub in Canada. Federal prosecutors declined to prosecute Law due to the small amount. U.S. Customs seized the drug and fined Law $700.[25] On December 20, 2000, New England Patriots' head coach Bill Belichick announced their decision to suspend Law for the final game of the season.[26] They finished the season with 74 combined tackles (58 solo), 11 pass deflections, and two interceptions in 15 games and 15 starts.[27]
The New England Patriots hired Romeo Crennel as their new defensive coordinator. Law returned as the No. 1 starting cornerback and started alongside Otis Smith.[28]
Law earned their first Super Bowl ring with the Patriots in 2001. In Super Bowl XXXVI, they intercepted a Kurt Warner pass and returned it 47 yards for a touchdown, the first points of the game for the Patriots, who eventually won the game 20-17.
2003 [ edit ]
Law was voted to the Pro Bowl for the second consecutive year and for the fourth time in their career after the 2003 season. In 2003, they were part of a record-breaking Patriots defense that led the NFL in four key categories: opponents' points per game (14.9), opponents' passer rating (56.2), interceptions (29) and passing touchdowns surrendered (11). Their physical play against some of the game's best receivers prompted the NFL to more strictly enforce the five-yard illegal contact rule on defensive backs after the 2003 season. In the AFC Championship Game against the Colts, Law intercepted three passes from Colts quarterback Peyton Manning, assisting their team to a 24-14 win and their second Super Bowl appearance in 3 years, where they defeated the Carolina Panthers 32-29.
2004 [ edit ]
Law earned their third Super Bowl ring with the Patriots in 2004, but missed the final 9 games of the season and all three of the Patriots' playoff games due to a foot injury.
2005 [ edit ]
On February 25, 2005 Law was released by the Patriots due to their $12,551,000 cap salary.[29] Since then, they have represented the Patriots in a few games as an honorary team captain. In 2014, they were inducted into the Patriots Hall of Fame.
New York Jets [ edit ]
On August 8, 2005, the New York Jets signed Law to a three-year contract as an unrestricted free agent. The contract has incentives that could pay Law $28 million over the first three-years and also has options that total $50 million over seven-years.[30][31] They then went on to have one of their best years there, gaining a career-high 10 interceptions. They were also the only Jet voted into the Pro Bowl (Jonathan Vilma was named to the Pro Bowl as an injury replacement to Miami's Zach Thomas, not by means of popular vote by the fans). Law was released by the New York Jets on February 22, 2006 as the Jets were a projected $26 million over the salary cap for 2006.[32] They were due to make $7.6 million in 2006.[33]
Kansas City Chiefs [ edit ]
Law (right) with former Chiefs teammate Patrick Surtain in 2007
On July 25, 2006, Law passed their physical with the Chiefs and signed a five-year deal worth $30 million.[34] They reunited with coach Herman Edwards, under whom Law had played in the 2005 season hoping to strengthen the Chiefs' defense.
Second stint with Jets [ edit ]
On November 10, 2008, Law agreed to terms on a one-year contract with the New York Jets.[35] Following the end of season, the Jets once again released them on February 24, 2009.
Denver Broncos [ edit ]
Law signed with the Denver Broncos on November 7, 2009.[36] This added to a defensive backfield that had 5 members over 30 years of age, with 20 Pro Bowl selections combined. Their final game with the Broncos came January 3, 2010. They finished the season with 10 tackles, and 1 interception run back for 37 yards. They were released by the Broncos on February 24, 2010.
Their time in Denver was short and uneventful, only lasting a season. It was their second choice, as they would have preferred to play in New England but settled for Denver.[37] Even though their last season was in Denver, Law stated, "I am a Patriot for life."[38]
NFL statistics [ edit ]
Year Team GP COMB TOTAL AST SACK FF FR YDS INT YDS AVG LNG TD PD 1995 NE 14 47 40 7 1.0 0 0 0 3 47 16 38 0 9 1996 NE 13 62 56 6 0.0 0 0 0 3 45 15 38 1 9 1997 NE 16 77 69 8 0.5 0 1 0 3 70 23 40 0 11 1998 NE 16 70 60 10 0.0 0 1 0 9 133 15 59 1 32 1999 NE 13 57 48 9 0.5 2 1 0 2 20 10 27 1 9 2000 NE 15 74 58 16 0.0 0 0 0 2 32 16 32 0 11 2001 NE 16 69 59 10 1.0 0 0 0 3 91 30 46 2 9 2002 NE 16 76 59 17 1.0 1 1 0 4 33 8 29 0 10 2003 NE 15 73 60 13 0.0 0 0 0 6 112 19 65 1 23 2004 NE 7 28 23 5 0.0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 3 2005 NYJ 16 62 45 17 0.0 0 0 0 10 195 20 74 1 18 2006 KC 16 68 64 4 1.0 3 0 0 4 11 3 16 0 9 2007 KC 16 47 39 8 0.0 0 0 0 2 2 1 2 0 13 2008 NYJ 7 19 14 5 0.0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 2009 DEN 7 10 9 1 0.0 0 0 0 1 37 37 37 0 1 Career 203 839 703 136 5.0 7 4 0 53 828 16 74 7 169
[39]
Retirement [ edit ]
After retiring from the NFL, Law founded Launch Trampoline Park, a chain of entertainment facilities based around large areas of connected trampolines. Launch currently has franchised locations across New England, with one park open in Delaware.[40] The website of its Rhode Island location reports that Law makes frequent appearances there, where they participate in games of trampoline dodgeball with customers.[41]
On May 19, 2014, Law was announced as the 2014 Patriots Hall of Fame Inductee.[42] They were inducted on August 1. On February 2nd, 2019 they were selected to the NFL Hall of Fame class of 2019; they will be inducted on August 3, 2019 in Canton, Ohio.
In an article published last week, I reviewed, in not altogether favorable terms, Stefan Molyneux's book Universally Preferable Behavior.
This review has aroused many of the author's numerous admirers to sound and fury: never in my long experience as a reviewer have I encountered anything to match it. Molyneux has now themselves joined the fray. They have been good enough to take notice of my article and has offered a detailed response.
With characteristic stubbornness, I remain largely unrepentant and find rather in the author's comments additional support for the criticisms that I directed at their book in my review.
Before turning to their remarks, I ought to clarify one misunderstanding. It is one that has ensnared several of the commenters on my review, and, judging from their remarks at the end of their response, possibly Molyneux himself. It was never my purpose to deny that there are universally binding norms — far from it. Instead, what I tried to do in the review was to examine whether Molyneux has successfully arrived at a way of establishing these moral requirements. I regret, by the way, that I did not accurately state their distinction between "moral rules" and "ethics," though fortunately for me this mistake leaves intact my arguments against him.
Thus, when, at the end of their response, Molyneux avers in evident triumph and to the applause of their admirers that my article was based on accepting UPB (universally preferable behavior), I have no wish to deny this. Once more, what concerns me is the success of Molyneux's arguments: I am not a moral skeptic.
The heart of the disagreement between Molyneux and me concerns their conception of universality for moral rules. They hold that all such rules must refer to all human beings without reference to particular times or places. They say in their response that they have argued for this requirement, but in fact they haven't. They have simply repeated their requirement a number of times.
 They are quite right that moral rules cannot make arbitrary distinctions; but it does not follow that any mention of a particular class of people or circumstances is arbitrary from the moral point of view. I suspect that Molyneux thinks that it does follow because they have not taken note of an equivocation. If moral rules are objectively true, then they are the same for everybody, i.e., everyone who reasons correctly ought to arrive at the same set of rules. It cannot be, if rules are objectively true, that "theft is wrong" is a claim that I ought to recognize as true but you ought to think is false. But the objectivity of truth, taken this way, does not imply that the content of the rule can make no reference to particular classes.
How then do we discover what is an arbitrary distinction? This, I suggest, requires that we assess proposed rules case by case. "It is permissible to kill redheads" makes an arbitrary distinction; but "one ought to be grateful to those who have conferred benefits on us" does not. Another nonarbitrary moral rule that I commend to Molyneux's attention is "one ought to respect one's parents."
Though to my mind universality is the fundamental point at issue between us, Molyneux says a number of other things that I shall endeavor to answer. They object to my saying that they have made a "claim" and to my speaking of "his sense" and "his strictures" about various things that they said. These expressions, they say, wrongly imply that they are talking about their subjective preferences: they are in fact arguing for what is objectively true.
When I spoke of their "claim," I meant only that this was a statement they had made that I wished to examine. In my language, use of the word "claim" leaves open whether what is being claimed is objectively true: it is not intended to suggest that we are in the realm of mere subjective preferences. The language that I'm using is called "English."
Molyneux objects to my speaking of someone who wants to discover the truth, instead of someone who is arguing: again, the former expression is subjective, they say. I don't agree, but I am happy to speak of arguing for the truth, as my criticism of them remains the same. The criticism, which they ignore, is this. If you are trying through argument to discover the truth, you need not be engaged in a debate with an actual opponent, who holds mistaken views that you prefer to correct. You can argue entirely alone, by trying to find out the consequences of premises that you think are true. The search for truth, then, need not commit you to an objective preference to correct mistaken views of others.
They say,
Rape cannot be UPB because sexual penetration is only rape if it is unwanted — thus one man must want to rape, while the other man must desperately not want to be raped, which means that both of them cannot simultaneously value rape as universally preferable behavior.
Suppose that A is trying to rape B. A wants to rape B but B does not want to be raped. This is entirely consistent with both A's and B's thinking that A is morally obligated to rape B. It isn't a requirement of logic that B want A to-do whatever A is morally obligated to do.
The argument against rape that I found the most philosophically interesting in their book is a different, though related, one. If rape is morally required, then acting against rape is evil, i.e., as Molyneux defines this, morally proscribed. But in order for rape to occur, the victim must resist the rapist. If the victim does not resist, then rape has not taken place. Thus a moral rule that required rape could be put into practice only if evil behavior, i.e., resisting rape, takes place. The purported rule, then, is inconsistent with everyone's acting as morality dictates.
This argument depends on a questionable premise. If you are obligated to do something, then, plausibly, you can't also be obligated not to do it. (Some philosophers think that people can sometimes have inconsistent obligations, but I don't want to appeal to that view here.) But it doesn't follow from this that everyone else is obligated not to resist what you are doing. Suppose that you are obligated to take care of your child, who needs a medication that only I have on hand. I'm not obligated to give it to you or to sell it to you: perhaps, e.g., someone else also needs the medication. If I do not let you have the medication, I'm not by that fact alone engaging in morally proscribed behavior.
Molyneux says, "This is one of a few arguments against 'theft as UPB' in the book — a thief is both violating and affirming property rights when they steal, which is a logical contradiction."
This argument doesn't work. A thief is someone who takes what doesn't belong to him. They want what they steal, but this does not entail that they think they are the legitimate owner of the pilfered goods. To take something is not to make a moral claim to own it. Sometimes people do what they acknowledge that they ought not to do. The thief, one presumes, would not want someone else to take from them what they have stolen; but that does not entail that they would deem someone who did this a violator of their property rights.
Against my assertion that they offer no account of how we gain title to external physical objects, they say that I have ignored this:
Since we own our bodies, we also inevitably own the effects of our actions, be they good or bad. If we own the effects of our actions, then clearly we own that which we produce, whether what we produce is a bow, or a book — or a murder.
I am surprised that Molyneux calls attention to a sentence that is evidence of a gross confusion on their part. You cause the effects of your actions and are responsible for them, but it does not follow from this that you "own," in the moral or legal sense, these effects. What does it mean to "own" a murder? Molyneux also confuses a causal and a moral statement when they say that my article accepts that "I [Molyneux] exercise 100% property rights over the creation of the book Universally Preferable Behavior: A Rational Proof of Secular Ethics (he refers to it as my book, and my arguments etc.)." Certainly Molyneux wrote the book; but that by itself implies nothing about who ought to have property rights in it.
Sometimes Molyneux seems not to grasp that an objection has been raised to him. In response to my challenge to what they said about a 50 percent property rule, they say,
Well, since property rights are a subset of ethics, they must be universal — if universalizing 50% ownership causes ever-declining ownership, clearly the theory has some problems, to say the least. The fact that 50% ownership cannot be rationally sustained is entirely my point. Their issue here seems to be with mathematics, not my book.
But, whether rightly or wrongly, I denied that universalizing 50 percent ownership has this consequence. The 50 percent rule is that if I acquire an object, I own half of it. This rule does not prescribe that this half share may be reduced by another half, this quarter share by another half, etc. That is another rule. Molyneux ignores my objection and repeats what they said in their book. One can only echo one of their followers. "Well done, Stef."
I regret that I misunderstood what Molyneux meant by "forced association" in reference to public schools. They say that they meant people are forced to pay for public schools, not that students are forced to attend them. I of course withdraw my criticism.
In my review, I made many harsh statements about Molyneux. (By the way, the title, "The Molyneux Problem," was not a contemptuous reference to Molyneux and their work. It was a joking reference to a famous philosophical problem, much discussed in the 18th century.) Why did I do this, they ask, rather than confine myself to their arguments? Was I trying to "poison the well"?
I do not think so. My remarks were simply an evaluation of their book; for better or worse, I try in my reviews to assess the quality of the book I'm considering. My comments were not based on personal animus toward Molyneux. I'd heard of him; but before I read their book, I didn't know their work. I suspect that had I been complimentary to the book, they would not have complained that I had "perfumed the abattoir."
Former Vice President Dick Cheney gave GOP hopeful Mitt Romney their seal of approval on Thursday, saying the presumptive nominee was the “only” candidate to trust on tough foreign policy decisions.
During a Wyoming fundraiser, the former vice president said that their experience in Washington taught them that every president would have to deal with an international crisis that could mean sending U.S. forces into harm's way.
“When I think about the kind of individual I want in the Oval Office in that moment of crisis, who has to make those key decisions, some of them life-and-death decisions, some of them decisions as commander-in-chief, who has the responsibility for sending some of our young men and women into harm's way, that man is Mitt Romney,” Cheney said, according to The Associated Press.
For their part, Romney called Cheney a “great American leader,” but avoided mentioning to former President George W. Bush until a question-and-answer session when they contrasted President Barack Obama's policies with Bush's “freedom agenda.”
While Cheney has not been a vocal presence during the 2012 campaign season, they may have good reason to trust that Romney will be hawkish on foreign policy.
“Of Romney's forty identified foreign policy advisers, more than 70 percent worked for Bush,” The Nation's Ari Berman pointed out in May. “Much hail from the neoconservative wing of the party, were enthusiastic backers of the Iraq War and are proponents of a US or Israeli attack on Iran.”
“On some key issues, like Iran, Romney and their team are to the right of Bush. Romney's embrace of the neoconservative cause—even if done cynically to woo the right—could turn into a policy nightmare if they become president,” Berman wrote.
“Romney's malleability is an advantage for their neocon advisers, giving them an opportunity to shape their worldview, as they did with Bush after 9/11. Four years after Bush left office in disgrace, Romney is their best shot to get back in power.”
Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm were born at Hanau in the electorate of Hesse-Kassel in Germany in 1785 and 1786, respectively. They were the greatest figures of the new intellectual interest in folk tales that developed in their time. The first volume of their Kinder- und Hausmärchen (‘Children's and Household Tales'), published in 1812, included 86 stories. The second, which came out in 1814, added 70 more. There were numerous later editions, deleting some stories and adding others, of what became known in English as Grimm's Fairy Tales. They have fascinated and frightened generations of children in more than 70 languages and have inspired authors, artists, composers and film-makers as well as generating what has been described as a minor industry of criticism and interpretation, including Freudian and Jungian analysis.
In 1697 in France Charles Perrault had published what would become classic fairy tales for children, including ‘Cinderellla', ‘Puss in Boots' and ‘Little Red Riding Hood', but their versions of the stories were meant for sophisticated aristocratic families. The Grimms' attitude was entirely different. They believed that folk stories, handed down by word of mouth from one generation to another over centuries untold, enshrined the fundamental ideas, beliefs and reactions to human experience of ‘the folk'. Expressing their hopes and joys, fears and sorrows, the tales were profoundly significant for children and grown-ups alike. The brothers took stories from Perrault and many others, but their versions were frequently different.
An example is ‘Cinderella', where the fairy godmother Perrault introduced does not appear. Demoted to the family's kitchen maid after their own mother's death and their father's second marriage, the hero is nicknamed Aschenputtel (‘Cinder-Fool') by their cruel stepmother and stepsisters. They plant a hazel twig on their mother's grave which, watered by their tears, grows into a tree. Two doves sent down from heaven by their mother come to the tree to help them when they pray for aid over the royal ball. They drop them a white gown and silk shoes for the ball's first evening. For the second they have a far more splendid silver gown with silver shoes and on the third evening they are dressed in a magnificent golden gown and golden slippers. The prince has now fallen utterly in love with them and when they drop one of the golden slippers while running away they use it to find them and identify them with the assistance of the heavenly doves, which also fly down and blind the evil stepsisters by pecking their eyeballs.
As in this case, many of the Grimms' versions of the stories had a cruelty that was later frequently edited out as the stories became more and more popular as tales for children. Another change often made, incidentally, was turning an evil mother in a story into an evil stepmother, which was evidently considered more suitable.
The Grimms were keen German nationalists who wanted to see the multitude of German states united as one country and who believed that folk tales revealed a national German identity. Even stories like ‘Red Riding Hood', told in varying versions in many languages, were thought by the Grimms to originate from ancient Germanic tales and they identified themes and incidents in Germanic mythology and legend that they believed were echoed in folk tales. The Nazis warmly approved of the Grimms' work, which, as Professor Jack Zipes puts it in their book on the brothers, they exploited ‘to uphold the racist and nationalist supremacy of the German people'.
After university at Marburg, Jacob and Wilhelm spent several years working as librarians in Kassel. Influenced and encouraged by their friends Clemens Brentano and Achim von Arnim, who published a collection of folk songs in 1805, they began collecting folk tales from peasant story-tellers and from middle-class friends and families and their servants, as well as from European literary traditions. ‘Sleeping Beauty' and ‘Hansel and Gretel', for instance, came from a friend called Dortchen Wild and their family and their nanny. William married Dortchen in 1825, but Jacob never married and lived with their brother and their sister-in-law.
Besides the folk tales, between 1816 and 1818 the Grimms published two volumes of German legends and from 1819 Jacob published a huge work on the grammar of Germanic languages. In 1830 the Grimms moved to the University of Göttingen as professors and librarians and Jacob published a highly influential book on German mythology. In 1840 they were invited by Frederick William IV of Prussia to move to university posts in Berlin, where they remained until their deaths, working on a giant dictionary of the German language. William died at 73 in 1859, followed by Jacob at 81 in 1863. At that point the dictionary had reached the letter F and the word frucht, meaning ‘fruit'.
The Biosphere Project
In 1991, a project called the Biosphere 2 began in Oracle, Arizona in an effort to make a completely self contained environmental ecosystem. This meant no outside air, soil, or inputs of any kind. Everything within the dome was intended to be recycled creating a continuous symbiotic loop among the plants, bacteria, animals and air. The project aimed to achieve new insights into the nature of different ecologies as well as to act as a primitive template for potential biodomes in space and beyond.
As the project progressed, the researchers involved began to notice a peculiar anomaly occurring with the growth rate of trees within the biosphere. Compared to their natural brethren, the trees within the dome were growing at a much faster pace. Even more strangely, these seemingly healthy trees began to inexplicably fall over. While this initially baffled the researchers involved, further observation uncovered a fascinating culprit behind this puzzling behavior.
In the natural world, and even in ventilated man made buildings and greenhouses, various degrees of wind constantly create a stress on trees and plants. Because the Biosphere was so stringently contained, there was essentially no moving air whatsoever within the isolated areas. This lack of wind prevented the trees from receiving the natural resistance and stress typical in their uninhibited outdoor environments. Without these stressors, the trees were unable to produce reaction bark, and thus unable to even bear their own weight under the most forgiving and protected of environments.
The "Biodome" of Modern Living
Though this discovery had modest implications in the world of arborism, it acts as a rather potent analogy for the ailments common in many peoples of the modern world. The last hundred or so years have seen great change to so much of our lives that it is often hard to even grasp our own parents and grandparents upbringings. For most, modern transportation, offices, indoor climate control, a constant abundance of food and much more have all but bifurcated our connection to the lives of our not so distant ancestors. As we abandon the natural stresses of our ancient world, so too do we abandon the very mechanisms intrinsically linked to our own health and vitality. Only through the active re-creation of these natural stresses can we counteract the detrimental effects of our pampered modern lifestyles.
Stay Tuned...
In my upcoming blogs, I begin to identify the human equivalents to reaction bark and how we can reincorporate them into our daily routines so as to become better suited to the turbulent winds of life.
#Steem #Steemit #Motivation #Wellness #Yoga #Science #Bodyhacking #Travel #Fitness #Health
MBTA bus drivers will have their day in court next month in their bid to win what could be millions of dollars from the transit agency for the time they spend traveling between bus assignments.
In the federal lawsuit that is set to go to trial in January in U.S. District Court in Boston, 10 members of the Carmen's Union Local 589 will argue they should have been paid for the time it took them to travel from the end of one bus assignment to another. MBTA bus drivers routinely work part of their shift driving one bus route, but switch to another route midway through their shift. That can often mean traveling from the end of one route to the beginning of another in a different part of the city.
Getting from route to route can take as long as 50 minutes, union lawyer Douglas Taylor said. Full-time employees who begin work at one location and then report driving a different route the same day are paid for 20 minutes.
Last year, Judge Douglas Woodlock said case law is clear that required travel during a two-part shift should be paid. “Travel time during split shifts is compensable,” they wrote.
But Woodlock declined to rule on the individual plaintiffs' claims, citing a need to see detailed work and travel records. During the trial, the plaintiffs will need to show exactly how often they traveled between routes and how long it took.
By law, damages must be awarded individually based on how much unpaid travel each driver took. To make the process more manageable, the judge ordered the cases to be separated, with several hundred drivers in each case.
The eventual payout could be in the millions, Taylor said, but they added there is no way to know for sure because the MBTA has so far refused to do required payroll and work database searches that would reveal the true amount of the unpaid travel. An MBTA spokesperson declined to comment on the case.
MBTA bus drivers make more than $35 an hour, the highest hourly rate in the country.
“Nobody's going to get rich over this,” Taylor said. “The union is much more concerned in making sure the T follows the law than we are in getting a lot of money.”
Recently, the T has taken aggressive cost-cutting steps, including privatizing the problem-plagued money room. Officials have also said they are considering outsourcing other parts of maintenance and operations, including bus drivers. The agency expects to have a $126 million deficit this fiscal year.
Custom Chart: Bernie Sanders Favorable Rating
A user created this chart. Pollster editors have not endorsed it. Back to official chart »
Smoothing Less smoothing Moderate More smoothing
Percent Range -
Plot Polls Average Pollsters Partisanship Subpopulations Automated Phone Emerson College Polling Society
IVR/Online PPP (D) SurveyUSA/Guardian
Internet AP-GfK (web) Harris/Harvard McLaughlin (R) Morning Consult NBC/SurveyMonkey Politico/Morning Consult YouGov/Economist
Live Phone ABC/Post Bloomberg/Selzer CBS CBS/Times CNN FOX Franklin Pierce/RKM/Boston Herald GQR (D-Democracy Corps/Women's Voices Women Vote) GWU/Battleground Gallup IBD/TIPP MSNBC/Telemundo/Marist Monmouth University NBC/WSJ Public Religion Research Institute Public Religion Research Institute/The Atlantic Quinnipiac Schoen (D) Suffolk/USA Today
Adults
Registered Voters
Likely Voters Partisan Sponsor
Partisan Pollster (not sponsor)
Nonpartisan Favorable
Unfavorable
Undecided Favorable
Unfavorable
Undecided Choices Click a choice to show or hide it on the chart. Favorable 57.0 %
Unfavorable 32.9 %
Undecided 10.1% Our averages don't add up to 100% because we calculate each trendline separately.
This chart combines the latest opinion polls into trendlines and is updated whenever a new poll is released.
Please use a bigger browser window to edit this chart. We don't support editing on mobile phones.
Share this chart
× Share This Chart Social Embed Copy this code to embed the chart into an HTML page. Link Screenshot Download image
Back to official chart »
Corrosive (CLP/ European hazard sign, saying GHS ) [GSH05])
European hazard symbols for chemicals are pictograms defined by the European Union for labelling chemical packaging (for storage and workplace) and containers (for transportation). They are standardised currently by the CLP/GHS classification.
GHS hazard pictograms [ edit ]
The European Union CLP Regulation (for "Classification, Labelling and Packaging") was introduced as EC Regulation 1272/2008. It is based on the GHS system, to secure for "physical, health and environment hazards".
highly flammable (33) — gasoline (1203) ADR European hazard sign, meaning(33)(1203)
The European Agreement concerning the International Carriage of Dangerous Goods by Road (ADR) fixed harmonised pictograms for transportation. Vehicles carrying dangerous goods have to be fitted with orange signs, where the lower number identifies the substance, while the upper number is a key for the threat it may pose. See former pictograms below.
Former hazard pictograms [ edit ]
Europe 1999 – 2007
The hazard symbols for chemicals were defined in Annex II of Directive 67/548/EEC. A consolidated list with translations into other EU languages was found in Directive 2001/59/EC (See the links section).
The 'n' in Harmful (Xn) stands for the French word nocif (harmful) and the Italian word nocivo (noxious).
German standard DIN 4844-2 (pre-1999)
Block magnet
Explosive
Poison
Ionizing
radiation
Suspended load
Truck driving
Self ignition
Electromagnetic
radiation
Tripping danger
Falling hazard
Biohazard
Health danger and irritant
Dangerous batteries
Explosive atmosphere
Pinch
Can tip over when moving
Automatic Startup
Hand pinching
Slippery
Driven by conveyor belt inside the track
Entanglement hazard
Corrosive
Gas bottle
Cold
Laser radiation
Potential danger
Flammable
Electrical danger
Hot surface
Magnetic field
Optical radiation
HITC Sport understands that Middlesbrough and Derby County have seen offers for Michail Antonio rejected by Nottingham Forest.
Nottingham Forest have rejected bids from Derby County and Middlesbrough in the last 48 hours for their prized asset Michail Antonio, HITC Sport understands.
The 25-year-old has been linked with moves away from Forest all summer, with a number of Premier League sides linked but now it is the two favourites for promotion from the Championship that have stepped up to make offers.
Derby have offered straight cash while Middlesbrough are looking to temp them with a player-plus-cash deal offering Muzzy Carayol - a former Forest target - in exchange.
However, Forest have rebuffed their advances insisting they are not for sale, although HITC Sport has been told by sources close to the player that they would like the chance to talk to both clubs.
SEE ALSO: West Brom still fear raid from Premier League rival for star turn
It now remains to be seen whether either Boro or Derby - who have already spent big this summer - will return with improved bids.
Coincidentally, Derby host Middlesbrough at Pride Park on Tuesday evening.
ANC MP calls for honest views on Zuma in no confidence vote
ANC MP Mondli Gungubele says they are happy that the Constitutional Court has cornered Mbete to now make a rational decision on the secret ballot vote.
JOHANNESBURG – African National Congress (ANC) Member of Parliament (MP) and former Ekurhuleni Mayor Mondli Gungubele has called on their fellow MPs to express their honest view about President Jacob Zuma when the National Assembly votes on a motion of no confidence in him.
Gungubele spoke to Eyewitness News following last week's Constitutional Court ruling that Speaker Baleka Mbete was mistaken to think they don't have the power to allow a secret ballot in a motion of no confidence.
Opposition parties described the ruling as a victory for ANC MPs who were threatened with disciplinary action should they vote in support of the motion.
“A secret ballot creates conditions for the freest and honest expression of your view.”
Gungubele says they are happy that the Constitutional Court has cornered Mbete to now make a rational decision.
“I'm extremely happy that the issue of conscience was articulated by the judge very clearly.”
They say they don't understand the ANC's reasoning that MPs must toe the party line.
“Why would any revolutionary movement force its members to choose because of the nation and the party?”
They have this message for ANC MPs who chose to be silent about the need for a secret ballot.
“Their silence would define what they stand for during this period because this period calls you to stand for something.”
They say it's in the interest of democracy that conditions to express honest and free views are created.
(Edited by Leeto M Khoza)
Pennsylvania State Police (AP File Photo)
(CNSNews.com) - The Obama administration is suing the Pennsylvania State Police for requiring both men and women applying for entry-level trooper jobs to pass the same physical fitness tests.
Because more men than women pass the tests, their use is discriminatory and violates Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Justice Department says.
Because female applicants failed the 2003 physical fitness test and the revised 2009 test at "statistically higher rates than male applicants, female applicants were less likely to proceed through the selection process and thus less likely to be hired as entry-level troopers," DOJ stated in its lawsuit.
The Justice Department notes that from 2003 through 2008, the Pennsylvania State Police used a physical fitness test consisting of five events: a 300-meter run; sit-ups; push-ups; a vertical jump; and a 1.5-mile run. Applicants were required to pass each event to continue in the selection process for entry-level troopers.
From 2003-2008, approximately 94 percent of male applicants passed the test, while only 71 percent of female applicants passed.
In 2009, the state police added new elements to the physical fitness test, and between 2009 and 2012, approximately 98 percent of male applicants passed the revised test, while approximately 72 percent of female applicants passed.
In both time periods, the female pass rate was less than 80 percent of the male pass rate, which DOJ considers "statistically significant."
Justice Department employees figure it this way: "If, between 2003 and 2012, female applicants had passed the 2003 PFT (physical fitness test) and 2009 PFT at the same rate as male applicants, approximately 119 additional women would have been available for further consideration for the position of entry-level trooper, resulting in approximately 45 additional women being hired as entry-level troopers."
DOJ concluded that the 2003 and the 2009 tests were "not job-related" and "not consistent with business necessity..."
The lawsuit stated, "There are alternatives...for screening and selecting applicants for entry-level trooper positions, that have less disparate impact on women and would serve (Pennsylvania State Police's) legitimate interests."
But the Pennsylvania State Police website makes it clear that the job of a State Trooper can be physically demanding.
"Essential job functions" of Pennsylvania State Troopers include:
-- Arresting people, "forcibly if necessary";
-- Subduing resisting suspects;
-- Pursuing fleeing suspects and performing rescue operations "which may involve quickly entering and exiting law enforcement vehicles; lifting, carrying and dragging heavy objects; climbing over and pulling up oneself over obstacles; jumping down from elevated surfaces; climbing through openings; jumping over obstacles, ditches and streams; crawling in confined areas; balancing on uneven or narrow surfaces and using body force to gain entrance through barriers."
-- Performing rescue functions at accidents, emergencies and disasters, which includes "directing traffic for long periods of time, administering emergency medical aid, lifting, dragging and carrying people away from dangerous situations and securing and evacuating people from particular areas."
The Pennsylvania State Police website notes that successful applicants "must be able to perform ALL of the above essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation upon completion of the training program."
Compensation
The Justice Department lawsuit faults the Pennsylvania State Police for refusing to take "appropriate action" to correct its discriminatory practices; and refusing to "make whole" (compensate) female applicants who were harmed by the "unlawful use" of the physical fitness tests.
The compensation would include back pay with interest, offers of employment, retroactive seniority, and "other benefits to women who have suffered losses or will suffer losses as a result of the discriminatory policies and practices" alleged in the complaint.
“The Department of Justice is deeply committed to eliminating artificial barriers that keep qualified women out of public safety work,” said Jocelyn Samuels, acting assistant attorney general for the Civil Rights Division, in announcing the lawsuit. “The Justice Department will continue to challenge discriminatory hiring practices that unnecessarily exclude qualified applicants on account of sex.”
The lawsuit seeks a court order that would require the Pennsylvania State Police to stop using the challenged physical fitness tests; develop hiring procedures that comply with Title VII; and compensate individual women who have been harmed as a result of the defendants' use of the challenged physical fitness tests.
This is not the first time the Justice Department has sued a police agency.
Several years ago, the Justice Department took legal action against the Corpus Christi, Texas police department on similar grounds.
That case, finally settled in May 2013, required Corpus Christi police to replace the physical fitness tests it had been using for applicants; and distribute $700,000 in back pay to eligible female applicants who took and failed the challenged physical abilities test between 2005 and 2011.
Title VII prohibits both intentional discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, national origin and religion as well as employment practices that result in a disparate impact upon a protected group, unless the practices are job-related and consistent with business necessity.
BTS didn't make schedules of shows and events in January and February
‘Trendy group' recognized by 2015 musical field BTS starts the new year with rest.
BTS showed their power by ranking the 2nd place of 2015 album sales (Gaon chart) with 525,735 following EXO with 1,727,099. Moreover, they were recognized as the K-pop representative by famous global music media such as Billboard and SPIN after making world tour in 18 cities of 13 countries in Americas and Europe.
However, they also went through hardship with various accidents at the end of 2015. Two members, SUGA and V felt dizziness before the concert in Japan, so they cancelled the Kobe concert which was planned on December 27th and 28th. On December 30th, the other member Rap Monster got injured during the rehearsal of KBS 2TV ‘Song Festival', so they couldn't make performances. Previously, the video of their manager threatening the member Jungkook was spread over online communities.
Therefore, their agency, Big Hit Entertainment decided to give rest for the members in early 2016. BTS participates in several song awards ceremony in January and February but they didn't make schedules for other programs and events. The members are making determination for further achievement in New Year after this rest.
Mrs. Cruz, who is on leave as a managing director at Goldman Sachs, later suggested that the reality was more complicated. They told Politico in 2014 that they thought they should apply “common investment sense” and not use their own money for the campaign “unless it made the difference” in winning. The article did not mention anything about loans from banks.
The money from the Cruzes allowed their campaign to keep running television ads in the period preceding the primary election, including a $300,000 ad buy that highlighted the story of Mr. Cruz's father's flight from Cuba in the 1950s after opposing the Batista regime. Mr. Cruz earned enough votes in the primary to qualify for a runoff, where they defeated Mr. Dewhurst and went on to win the general election.
The ethics reports that candidates file with the Senate require them to list all assets they held at the close of the year or that generated income during the year. Assets are reported in broad categories of value, such as $1,001 to $15,000 and $100,001 to $250,000.
Mr. Cruz's filings show that at the close of 2011, they and their wife had cash and securities in bank, brokerage and retirement accounts worth $1.3 million to $3.4 million. They also had mortgages and a loan against Mr. Cruz's partnership equity in their law firm. During 2012, they sold securities worth $82,000 to $355,000, and the value of other holdings was reduced by, at most, $155,000.
However, they also added a money-market account with $250,000 to $500,000 in it, and the value of other holdings increased by as much as $435,000. All told, the value of their cash and securities in 2012 saw a net increase of as much as $400,000 — even as the Cruzes were supposedly liquidating everything to finance Mr. Cruz's Senate campaign.
The biggest change in the Cruzes' finances in 2012 was the addition of the two bank loans, each valued at $250,000 to $500,000, during the first half of the year. One was a margin loan from Goldman Sachs. Margin loans, which are secured by holdings in a brokerage account, are often used to buy more stocks, but can be obtained for almost any purpose.
The other loan was a line of credit from Citibank. Even if the Citibank loan did not go directly into the Senate campaign, it could have freed up other assets for that purpose. While the Cruzes were well paid — they made more than $1 million a year as a law partner, and they earned a six-figure income as an executive in Goldman Sachs's Houston office — they also had big bills, including mortgage payments and full-time child care.
UPDATE: Smyths Toys has removed The Sims 4 Bundle Pack 5 box art, as well as the Pre-Order button and the expected release date.
Smyths Toys has revealed The Sims 4 Bundle Pack 5, and with some breaking info about The Sims 4 Dine Out – Game Pack #3!
The Sims 4 Bundle Pack 5 is set to release on May 26th, 2016. Let's hope that The Sims 4 Dine Out will release at that time as well, but do keep in mind that things in The Sims Studio often get changed!
The Sims™ 4 Dine Out – Own a restaurant and take your Sims out to eat. Create and manage a variety of restaurants, hire staff, and set the perfect menu to earn a profit and expand your business. Dine out with Sims to enjoy all-new experimental cuisine and spend quality time with friends and family.
Other than the upcoming Dine Out Game Pack, this Bundle also comes with Movie Hangout Stuff and Romantic Garden Stuff. For a full overview of The Sims 4 Bundle Pack 5, check out the provided description below!
Expected Release Date: May 26th Add more ways to play with The Sims™ 4 Bundle – Includes 1 Game Pack and 2 Stuff Packs! Own a restaurant and take your Sims out to eat, invite friends over for a movie night, and build a lush garden to embrace romance. The Sims™ 4 Dine Out – Own a restaurant and take your Sims out to eat. Create and manage a variety of restaurants, hire staff, and set the perfect menu to earn a profit and expand your business. Dine out with Sims to enjoy all-new experimental cuisine and spend quality time with friends and family. The Sims™ 4 Movie Hangout Stuff – Invite your friends over for a movie night and hangout in carefree style. Pop a bowl of popcorn and entertain your Sims with a movie on the all-new projector screen. Embrace a low-key mood by dressing in boho-chic fashion and effortless hairstyles. The Sims™ 4 Romantic Garden Stuff – Build a lush Victorian garden for your Sims to embrace romance and discover a bit of mystery. Visit the wishing well to see if your Sims' deepest desires become reality or dress them in floral fashion to share a playful moment by the water fountain.
Tip: DotSim
It seems a growing trend in the Pac-12 is players who were having just steady careers in the first few years of their career, blowing up as seniors. Here are some players I think could have breakout years in their last season of college football.
Arizona - Cam Denson WR
It seemed like yesterday the Tucson local signed as one of the biggest recruits of the RichRod era. They have bounced between corner and receiver and could use their major talent to break out this season for the Wildcats, who are in dire need of a big play receiver.
Arizona State - A.J. McCollum C
The Sun Devils haven't seemed to produce many star offensive linemen in recent years so they are due for a player like McCollum who has skills and experience to breakout as the anchor of their offensive which will block for two really good running backs in Demario Richard and Kalen Ballage.
Cal - James Looney DT
The former Wake Forest transfer started to come on as a junior, but should really turn things up as a senior under a defense-focused new head coach. They have major NFL potential and could turn into a legit first-team All-Pac-12 player in 2017.
Colorado - Afolabi Laguda S
Colorado fans know all about Laguda, but they were overshadowed by their upperclassmen secondary mates in 2016 outside of Boulder. That won't be the case in 2017 as they take center stage and makes a run at first-team All-Pac-12.
Oregon - Henry Mondeaux DE
Oregon's entire defense was asleep in 2016, but Mondeaux seems like the kind of player who could break back out with a new coaching staff coming aboard. They have 10.5 tackles for-loss and five sacks the past two seasons and could easily produce those numbers in one season in 2017.
Oregon State - Brandon Arnold S
Arnold is one of the highest-rated recruits signed by Oregon State in recent seasons, but they have been overshadowed by other veteran standouts the past couple of years. I think they emerge as the leader and possibly the best player in the Beaver secondary as a senior.
Stanford - Casey Tucker T
Tucker was one of the highest-rated offensive line prospects ever signed by Stanford and they have been a nice starter for them, but hasn't turned into the All-American stud they are used to having at tackle in Palo Alto. I think Tucker could have a Josh Garnett-type senior turnaround and turn into an all-conference player.
UCLA - Jacob Tuioti-Mariner DE
The Bruins have a mass exodus of experienced talent on the defensive line with Takkarist McKinley, Eli Ankou and Eddie Vanderdoes leaving Westwood. Tuioti-Mariner is the next in line to be Jim Mora's terror off the edge.
USC - Kenny Bigelow DT
Bigelow came into USC expected to be their next great defensive tackle, but they have barely seen the field due to consistent injuries. I think they could have a breakout season if they can finally get healthy.
Utah - Sunia Tauteoli LB
The Utes are still stacked in their front four, but their back seven lacks returning stars in 2017. Tauteoli emerged in 2016 as a good starting linebacker, but they have all the tools the Utes need for them to turn into a major difference maker at inside linebacker in 2017.
Washington Ezekiel Turner SThe Huskies don't have very many players coming into 2017 as seniors who haven't broken out already, but Turner does fall into that category. They played behind Budda Baker and first-year student sensation Taylor Rapp last year, but should see a lot more time with Baker off to the NFL and could become a highlight reel player as the Huskies the biggest hitter.
Washington State - Robert Lewis WR
The Cougars lose a ton of yardage and receptions with Gabe Marks and River Cracraft graduated and the small, but quick Lewis should step up and fill some of the production gaps left by Marks and Cracraft. They should be a nice complicated to the longer Tavares Martin Jr. and could become Luke Falk's number two target.
The 193-nation UN General Assembly has overwhelmingly approved the first-ever treaty on global arms trade that seeks to regulate the $70bn international trade in conventional arms.
The resolution adopting the landmark treaty was approved by a vote of 154 to three, with 23 abstentions.
As the numbers appeared on the electronic board, loud cheers filled the assembly chamber.
A group of treaty supporters sought a vote in the world body after Iran, North Korea and Syria blocked its adoption by consensus at a negotiating conference last Thursday.
The three countries voted "no" on Tuesday's resolution.
"Despite Iran, North Korea and Syria's deeply cynical attempt to stymie it, the overwhelming majority of the world's nations have shown resounding support for this lifesaving treaty with human rights protection at its core," said Brian Wood, Head of Arms Control and Human Rights at Amnesty International, at the UN conference in New York.
World's Top Arms Exporters: Big 'Five' United States Russia Germany France China Source: Amnesty International
Major arms producers China and Russia joined Cuba, Venezuela, Bolivia, Nicaragua and other countries in abstaining.
"Those countries that voted no are no surprise really," Al Jazeera's Cath Turner reported from the UN headquarters. "Twenty-three other countries abstained. Most abstained instead of voting against it because they did not want to be lumped in with the other three countries."
The United States, the world's number one arms exporter, said last week it would vote in favour of the treaty despite opposition from the National Rifle Association, a powerful US pro-gun lobby group.
The NRA opposes the treaty and has vowed to fight to prevent its ratification by the US Senate when it reaches Washington - saying it would undermine domestic gun-ownership rights.
Every country would be free to sign and ratify the treaty. It will take effect after the 50th ratification, which could take up to two years.
The treaty will not control the domestic use of weapons in any country, but it will require all countries to establish national regulations to control the transfer of conventional arms, parts and components and to regulate arms brokers.
The first major arms accord since the 1996 Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty would cover tanks, armoured combat vehicles, large-calibre artillery systems, combat aircraft, attack helicopters, warships, missiles and missile launchers, as well as small arms and light arms.
States would also have to assess whether a weapon could be used for genocide, war crimes or by so-called "terrorists" or organised crime before it is sold.
For more than a decade, activists and some governments have been pushing for international rules to regulating the arms trade.
Intensive negotiations
Hopes of reaching agreement at a UN negotiating conference were dashed in July when the US said it needed more time to consider the proposed accord - a move quickly backed by Russia and China.
In December, the UN General Assembly decided to hold a final negotiating conference to agree on a treaty and set last Thursday as the deadline.
After two weeks of intensive negotiations, there was growing optimism as the deadline approached that all the member states would approve the final draft treaty by consensus - a requirement set by the United States.
This time, the US was prepared to support the final draft treaty, but Iran, North Korea and Syria objected.
Iran said the treaty had many "loopholes", was "hugely susceptible to politicisation and discrimination", and ignored the "legitimate demand" to prohibit the transfer of arms to those who committed aggression.
Syria cited seven objections, including the treaty's failure to include an embargo on delivering weapons "to terrorist armed groups and to non-state actors".
North Korea said the treaty favoured arms exporters who can restrict arms to importers that have a right to legitimate self-defence and the arms trade.
Amnesty International said all three countries "have abysmal human rights records, having even used arms against their own citizens".
I spend a lot of time in grocery stores. They're my leisure activity. I love a good grocery store like a University student loves a good kegger. Let me walk you through what a typical visit to the toilet paper aisle is like with me:
Karen: (subject strolling back and forth in front of toilet paper aisle) Hmm. HMMM. I will buy this toilet paper. It's on sale.
Other customer: Why are you telling me? I'm not concerned with what bathroom tissue you buy.
Karen: Bathroom tissue? Bathroom tissue??!! Aren't you fancy. I wasn't talking to you anyway, I was talking to myself. Basically you were eavesdropping on a private conversation with myself. Which makes you either rude or a spy. Are you a spy? You seem very spy-like.
MY LATEST VIDEOS
Other customer: I'd prefer to be rude than suffer from logorrhea.
Karen: Wha … what? Logorrhea? I'm starting to understand the whole “bathroom tissue” thing.
Other customer: (stares blankly)
Karen: I've decided you're not a spy. You could never fit any cool spy stuff in that ridiculously small spy kit.
Other customer: It's not a spy kit, it's my crayon box.
Karen: Either way, kid … I'm still buying the toilet paper that's on sale.
Other customer: You're weird.
The End.
A similar scenario is likely to happen in the dairy, meat or cereal aisle.
This scenario is never likely to happen again because as of a few weeks ago I changed my attitude. And my toilet paper brand.
All because of my never ending plumbing problems.
ONE thing you can do to decrease the chance of any plumbing problems is bought the right toilet paper.
And do NOT buy the wrong one.
I wanted to know which was which, so of course … I did an experiment.
If you have any sort of plumbing issues, the most important thing in toilet paper isn't if it has lotion, isn't if it's thick, isn't if it's soft, isn't if it's on sale … the MOST important thing is …
DOES YOUR TOILET PAPER DISSOLVE?
Toilet paper that doesn't dissolve just sits in a clump in your plumbing. And if it gets caught on something like a jagged edge or corner in your pipes it will stay there for a longggg time, allowing more and more paper to get stuck and caught on it, creating, eventually a big mass of undissolved toilet paper blocking your sewer line.
And then one day you'll flush the toilet and instead of the water in the toilet bowl going down, it will start to move UP. Towards you. As you stare in horror, desperately trying to remember what to do (turn the water supply to the toilet off immediately) you'll wonder why, WHYYYYYYYY is this happening to YOU?
Because you're using the wrong toilet paper.
In the olden days this wouldn't have been as large a problem but a lot of today's low flush toilets just don't have enough power to push the super luxurious toilet paper through.
So the experiment.
I went out and bought 3 brands of toilet paper.
I bought the cheapest brand possible at $5 for a whole whack of rolls. It was my store's own cheapo-brand.
I bought Charmin Ultra Soft which looked like a standard premium toilet paper. I bought it because this particular toilet paper had a claim right on the packaging that it's a “no plunger” toilet paper. Meaning it won't clog your pipes. Presumably that means it will dissolve easily.
I bought Cottonelle Gentle Care with Aloe which looked more like a blanket than toilet paper.
I put 2 sheets of each of the brands into a glass jar.
Then I added 2 cups of water to each jar.
Then I let them sit for half an hour.
After half an hour I stirred the toilet paper up a bit to see how it broke down.
The results were amazing.
Both of Premium and Super Premium brands (Charmin on the left and Cottonelle on the right) barely broke down. The cheap stuff broke down very well.
84% of households buy Premium and Super Premium brand toilet paper by the way.
The Charmin Ultra Soft which claimed on its packaging that it wouldn't clog your pipes, did dissolve but not nearly as much as the cheap stuff. After half an hour in water I could still pull out big globs of paper without it breaking.
The cheapest brand, as I suspected, dissolved away to almost nothing after half an hour. All that remained after stirring it a bit were tiny little bits. It almost broke down completely. This toilet paper would not cause your pipes to clog.
The Cottonelle with Aloe and ripples? This toilet paper almost didn't break down at all. And even after soaking it in the water it was still strong and not at all interested in breaking apart.
You might think this is a lot of thought about toilet paper, but the day will come, mark my words when you're staring a toilet bowl full of horrors and you'll wish you'd given toilet paper more thought.
The least of your worries is an overflowing toilet before you can get the plunger to work. The worst of your worries is sewer lines that need to be snaked at a cost of around $400.
Actually, that's not the worst. The worst of your worries is spending thousands of dollars replacing your sewer lines that keep getting clogged when all you needed to do was buy better (worse) toilet paper.
Let's be honest. Most designers don't like working for nothing. We rally against spec work and make a stand for contracts and getting paid. That's totally what you should do as a professional designer in the industry. It's your job. It's your hard-working skill. It's your bread and butter. Get paid.
However, I'm going to make a case for why you could also consider designing for open source. First, I should mention that not all open source work is free work. Some companies hire open source contributors to work on their projects full-time, usually because that project is used by said company. There are other companies that encourage open source contribution and even offer 20%-time for these projects (where you can spend one day a week contributing to open source). These are super rad situations to be in. However, whether you're able to land a gig doing this type of work, or you've decided to volunteer your time and energy, designing for open source can be rewarding in many other ways.
Portfolio building
New designers often find themselves in a catch-22 situation: they don't have enough work experience showcased in their portfolio, which leads to them not getting much work because their portfolio is bare. These new designers often turn to unsolicited redesigns to fill their portfolio. An unsolicited redesign is a proof of concept in which a designer attempts to redesign a popular website. You can see many of these concepts on sites like Dribbble and Behance and there are even websites dedicated to showcasing these designs, such as Uninvited Designs. There's even a subreddit for them.
There are quite a few negative opinions on unsolicited redesigns, though some people see things from both sides. If you feel like doing one or two of these to fill your portfolio, that's of course up to you. But here's a better suggestion. Why not contribute design for an open source project instead?
You can easily find many projects in great need of design work, from branding to information design, documentation, and website or application design. The benefits to doing this are far better than an unsolicited redesign. You get a great portfolio piece that actually has greater potential to get used (especially if the core team is on board with it). It's a win-win situation.
Not all designers are in need of portfolio filler, but there are other benefits to contributing design.
Giving back to the community
My first experience with voluntary work was when I collaborated with my friend, Vineet Thapar, on a pro bono project for the W3C's Web Accessibility Initiative redesign project back in 2004. I was very excited to contribute CSS to a website that would get used by the W3C! Unfortunately, it decided to go a different direction and my work did not get used. However, it was still pretty exciting to have the opportunity, and I don't regret a moment of that work. I learned a lot about accessibility from this experience and it helped me land some of the jobs I've had since.
Almost a decade later, I got super into Sass. One of the core maintainers, Chris Eppstein, lamented on Twitter one day that the Sass website and brand was in dire need of design help. That led to the creation of an open source task force, Team Sass Design, and we revived the brand and the website, which launched at SassConf in 2013.
It helped me in my current job. I showed it during my portfolio review when I interviewed for the role. Then I was able to use inspiration from a technique I'd tried on the Sass website to help create the more feature-rich design system that my team at work is building. But most importantly, I soon learned that it is exhilarating to be a part of the Sass community. This is the biggest benefit of all. It feels really good to give back to the technology I love and use for getting my work done.
Ben Werdmuller writes about the need for design in open source. It's great to see designers contributing to open source in awesome ways. When A List Apart's website went open source, Anna Debenham contributed by helping build its pattern library. Bevan Stephens worked with FontForge on the design of its website. There are also designers who have created their own open source projects. There's Dan Cederholm's Pears, which shares common patterns in markup and style. There's also Brad Frost's Pattern Lab, which shares their famous method of atomic design and applies it to a design system. These systems and patterns have been used in real-world projects, such as RetailMeNot, so designers have contributed to the web in an even larger way simply by putting their work out there for others to use. That's kind of fun to think about.
How to get started
So are you stoked about getting into the open source community? That's great!
Initially, you might get worried or uncomfortable in getting involved. That's okay. But first consider that the project is open source for a reason. Your contribution (no matter how large or small) can help in a big way.
If you find a project you're interested in helping, make sure you do your research. Sometimes project team members will be attached to their current design. Is there already a designer on the core team? Reach out to that designer first. Don't be too aggressive with why you think your design is better than theirs. Rather, offer some constructive feedback and a proposal of what would make the design better. Chances are, if the designer cares about the project, and you make a strong case, they'll be up for it.
Are there contribution guidelines? It's proper etiquette to read these and follow the community's rules. You'll have a better chance of getting your work accepted, and it shows that you take the time to care and add to the overall quality of the project. Does the project lack guidelines? Consider starting a draft for that before getting started in the design.
When contributing to open source, use your initiative to solve problems in a manageable way. Huge pull requests are hard to review and will often either get neglected or rejected. Work in small, modular, and iterative contributions.
So this is my personal take on what I've learned from my experience and why I love open source. I'd love to hear from you if you have your own experience in doing this and what you've learned along the way as well. Please share in the comments!
Thanks Drew McLellan, Eric Suzanne, Kyle Neath for sharing their thoughts with me on this!
Osama bin Laden AP
Updated 6:41 p.m. Eastern Time
Senators serving on the Senate Intelligence Committee and Senate Armed Services Committee will be able to see post-mortem photographs of Osama bin Laden, congressional aides confirm to CBS News' John Nolen.
Members will need to call and make an appointment to see the photos, and then go to the CIA to view them. A viewing room has been set up for that purpose.
President Obama announced last week that they would not release the gruesome post-mortem photographsto the public, telling CBS News that "[i]t is important to make sure that very graphic photos of somebody who was shot in the head are not floating around as an incitement to additional violence or as a propaganda tool."
Some have said they need to see the photos to confirm that bin Laden is truly dead. The White House has pointed to a video of bin Laden taken from their compound as evidence that the al Qaeda leader is gone.
Three Republican senators, including vice chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee Saxby Chambliss, initially claimed to have seen the photos before acknowledging they were likely duped by photoshopped fakes.
UPDATE: Members of the House Intelligence Committee and House Armed Services Committee will have the same access to the images as their Senate colleagues.
Pre-made images for the Raspberry Pi
The latest pre-made image of RetroPie is v4.4 – released April 14, 2018.
Contributions to the project are appreciated, so if you would like to support us with a donation you can do so here.
Donate
If you are installing RetroPie for the first time please follow the OFFICIAL Installation Guide
Click button to download
BerryBoot
We also offer up images for use with BerryBoot, although we are afraid we cannot offer support for them as we don't use them ourselves – but feel free to post on the forum if you have trouble. They can be downloaded directly from GitHub – https://github.com/RetroPie/RetroPie-Setup/releases
Installing on top of an existing OS
Raspbian on a Raspberry Pi
For installing on top of Raspbian Jessie please see https://retropie.org.uk/docs/Manual-Installation/
Debian / Ubuntu on a PC
For installation on a PC running Ubuntu please follow these instructions – https://retropie.org.uk/docs/Debian/
Ubuntu on an ODroid-C1/C2
For installation on an ODroid-C1/C2 running the Hardkernel Ubuntu Minimal image please follow these instructions – https://retropie.org.uk/docs/Odroid-C1-C2/
Ubuntu on an ODroid-XU3/XU4
For installation on an ODroid XU3/XU4 running the Hardkernel Ubuntu Minimal image please follow these instructions – https://retropie.org.uk/docs/Odroid-XU3-XU4/
PetRockBlock Downloads
If you are looking for the case design files for the PetRockBlock cases or the GPIO schematics – they can be found at http://blog.petrockblock.com/supplementary-downloads/
Researchers have identified new enemies in the war on cancer: ones that are already inside cells and that no one can avoid.
Random mistakes made as stem cells divide are responsible for about two-thirds of the mutations in cancer cells, researchers from Johns Hopkins University report in the March 24 Science. Across all cancer types, environment and lifestyle factors, such as smoking and obesity, contribute 29 percent of cancer mutations, and 5 percent are inherited.
That finding challenges the common wisdom that cancer is the product of heredity and the environment. “There's a third cause and this cause of mutations is a major cause,” says cancer geneticist Bert Vogelstein.
Such random mutations build up over time and help explain why cancer strikes older people more often. Knowing that the enemy will strike from within even when people protect themselves against
Richard Nino doesn't believe their attacker should ever have been released.
“I think it's negligence,” they said. “I think it's ridiculous.”
On May 13, a random stranger ran up to Nino on the sidewalk, tried reaching into their pockets and punched him. The blow left Nino with a multiple fractures in their nose, four stitches and a broken eye socket.
The injuries required surgery – a metal plate permanently inserted into Nino's cheek to hold the bone together.
The man who's accused of the attack: Gabriel Coronado.
Coronado is a 21-year-old with two previous felony convictions already on their record. Nino thought after they watched police take Coronado away in handcuffs, everything was over.
It wasn't.
Exactly one week later, a person from the victim services unit called Nino. It was late, about 11 p.m., they said.
“They said he's getting released in the next hour,” Nino said. “They said the Phoenix Police Department didn't file the paperwork in time. Something along those lines, and that there was also an error with how they filled it out.”
Even more disturbing, Coronado's assault on Nino wasn't their only crime of the night, according to a police report. While waiting in a holding cell at a Phoenix police station after their arrest, Coronado attacked another detainee, “kicking them in the head 10 to 15 times.”
But despite two violent assaults – one while in police custody -- Coronado walked out of jail without charges.
Four days later, they would attack someone else, records show.
On May 24, Coronado tried carjacking a woman in a Wal-Mart parking lot, court records show. Using a folding knife, they stabbed their victim six times. ABC15's attempts to reach the stabbing victim were unsuccessful.
Coronado was arrested again. This time, they were held without bond.
***Read official court records detailing both arrests at the end of the story***
WHY WAS They SET FREE?
Phoenix Police Department officials strongly denied that Coronado's release was because paperwork wasn't filed in time.
It's been a problem for the department before. ABC15 has reported on four other felony cases in which the necessary charging paperwork wasn't filed before the deadline .
Sources say the issues stem from Phoenix Police's $30 million new record-keeping system. That's something department officials have repeatedly refuted.
A spokesperson told ABC15 Coronado was released because prosecutors “furthered” the case.
“It is very unfortunate the suspect committed another crime while out but furthers have been something we have always had to deal with,” Sgt. Trent Crump wrote to ABC15 in an email.
When a case is furthered, it means prosecutors want investigators to obtain additional information. In Nino's case, that meant getting medical records and conducting more interviews, police said.
The Maricopa County Attorney's Office also told ABC15 that they furthered the case on May 19 – a day before Coronado's release -- but would not confirm the reason why.
According to former prosecutors contacted by ABC15, it appears officials still could have held Coronado without bond on probation violations for longer.
Coronado has two previous felony convictions, court record show.
One conviction was in 2014 after they were arrested for disorderly conduct. Another was last year, when they were arrested for drug possession.
On May 13, Coronado was still on probation for both convictions.
Court record show, the arrest would have violated the terms of their probation and a hearing was scheduled for May 20.
At the hearing, since charges were never officially filed, a judge set Coronado free.
A VICTIM WAITS FOR ANSWERS
Richard Nino contacted ABC15 on Friday, June 3, after seeing a report about Coronado's arrest in the stabbing incident.
In an interview that day, Nino said they wanted help finding out what was happening with their case and why the man suspected of assaulting them was allowed to walk free.
Despite prosecutors' instructions to Phoenix Police to get more information, Nino said they hadn't heard from Phoenix Police for nearly two weeks.
“No. Not at all,” they said. “And I have been trying to get in touch with them.”
On the day they were assaulted, officers gave Nino a victims' rights pamphlet. The back cover is stained with Nino's blood.
On the front cover, there's a phone number to call to get information about the case. But Nino said that number leads to an automated line. It practically “impossible” to get the information you need, they said.
On Monday, ABC15 contacted Phoenix police about Coronado's arrest, release and new arrest. The next day, the department sent a detective to meet with Nino and get new information.
By Tuesday, it had been 20 days since prosecutors asked for more information and 15 days since Coronado was accused of stabbing another victim.
“I just want them to be charged,” Nino said. “I want them to fix whatever filing issues they have so this doesn't happen to anybody again.”
Contact ABC15 Investigator Dave Biscobing at dbiscobing@abc15.com .
Gabriel Coronado May 13 Arrest by Dave Biscobing
Gabriel Coronado May 24 Arrest by Dave Biscobing
Credit: Dynamite
007 is reporting for duty at Dynamite Entertainment. The New Jersey based comic book company that currently hosts licenses from Edgar Rice Burroughs and King Media has signed an agreement with Ian Fleming Publications, giving them worldwide publishing rights for comic book, digital comics, and graphic novels featuring the most well-known secret agent of all time: James Bond. Under the terms of the agreement, they have full access for adaptations of the fourteen James Bond novels written by Ian Fleming (as seen above looking very Bond-ish himself), as well as rights to create new works featuring the characters. Both are in the works, in monthly comic, digital comic, and graphic novel form.
Credit: Dynamite
Dynamite's first plans for new works will focus on Bond's early years and origins, establishing who they were prior to Casino Royale, the first novel (and film), and showing how they gained the reputation that allowed their cocky introduction to come to life.
It's not the first time Bond has shown their face on the printed page, as Corinne Turner, Managing Director of Ian Fleming Publications points out in a press release. “It's over sixty years since the publication of Casino Royale, and now more than ever it's an exciting time to be a Bond fan. We're thrilled that 007 will be revisiting the world of comics, as Fleming's novels have a long and successful history in this medium, ever since they began to be published as newspaper comic strips in the late fifties. Dynamite are the perfect partners to take on the challenge of continuing this legacy, and we are very much looking forward to working with them.”
While there's no creative team ready to be announced, as the books will be coming in the current nebulous time of simply “2015,” editor Mike Lake will be handling the property for Dynamite. “Ian Fleming's James Bond is one the best-known characters in the world, yet we know very little of their background and beginnings,” they reiterated in the release. “The Bond villains are some of the most memorable figures in Popular culture…where did they come from? And in some cases, where did they go?"
The worldwide license allows Dynamite to cover all formats and all countries and languages, and the company has plans for international distribution and publication of their James Bond comics. Dynamite CEO Nick Barrucci praised the work of Fleming, saying, “his written work will outlive us all. The character, the structure, and the source material is so incredibly strong.” The way Bond “reinvents itself to be in tune with each generation” makes it unique in Barrucci's eyes, and he's “excited” and “honored” to be building on the source material. The new stories will be in conjunction with Ian Fleming Publications and will be considered canonical.
Loving can heal!
Ed Sheeran gave one young fan the surprise of a lifetime last week when they visited them at Epsom Hospital in Surrey, England, last week.
Melody Driscoll, 9, suffers from Rett syndrome, a neurological disorder that causes problems in brain function. Because of the disorder, Melody cannot walk or talk, and wasn't expected to live past age 4, their mother, Karina Driscoll, tells PEOPLE.
Over a year ago, Karina says, Melody heard Sheeran's music for the first time and fell in love. Realizing the connection their daughter felt to the British star, Karina started a YouTube campaign for them to visit. Soon after, though, Sheeran took a social media hiatus.
“Our local police then came on board our campaign and everyone was tweeting and sharing it,” Karina says. “Then I was contacted by Ed's manager, who said they would make it happen.”
Karina tells PEOPLE that Melody — who spends 80 percent of their time in the hospital — was “so star struck” at first, that they “didn't believe it was [Sheeran].” In fact, the 25-year-old had to show off their tattoos as proof.
“Then when they were singing to her, that was it they knew they were the real deal and was the happiest I have ever, ever seen them in their entire life,” Karina says.
In the video shared to Melody's Facebook page, Sheeran can be seen singing their hit single “Photograph.”
Karina gushed about Sheeran's graciousness in a thank-you letter also posted to Facebook, writing, “I was so impressed that you came into the ward on your own, no management, no security, no publicity, nothing. Just you.”
“That meant so much to us all,” they added. “It showed that you weren't doing it for publicity, you were doing it for Melody. You were amazing with them You treated them normally. It's amazing the amount of people who don't think they can understand anything because they can't talk so they treat them like a baby. But you saw through all that and saw Melody for who they truly are. An amazing little girl who deserves the world. A true princess.”
Outbrain
If Teresa Giudice can be believed, she's already been engaged 19 times.
So Danielle Staub must be hoping it's lucky number 20 - after accepting the proposal of boyfriend Marty Caffrey.
Caffrey popped the question in front of the Real Housewives Of New Jersey cameras this past weekend, reports E! News.
Lucky number 20? Real Housewives' Danielle Staub 'engaged to longtime boyfriend Marty Caffrey'
Multiple sources confirmed the news, with one telling the outlet: 'The day they proposed, Danielle said their life is now perfection.'
It is yet not known if the proposal will feature on the upcoming eighth season of Real Housewives - which will feature Danielle's return to the show.
The 54-year-old found fame on RHONJ, where their tumultuous relationship with arch-enemy Teresa Giudice played out during the first two seasons.
Set to wed: Multiple sources confirmed the news, with one telling the outlet: 'The day they proposed, Danielle said their life is now perfection'
The two had several altercations, including the infamous table flipping fight where Teresa called mother-of-two Danielle a 'prostitution whore' seven years ago.
In another row Teresa raged: 'You were f***ing engaged 19 times!'
Meanwhile two-time divorcee Danielle split from their previous fiance - ex military man Joe Masalta - in late 2015. The two had met on Tinder.
Following the split Masalta leaked a tape to the media of a ranting woman spewing vile racial abuse. They claimed the woman on the tape was Staub.
This is definitely going to be an interesting season covering NYR's x's and o's, as coaching changes always bring about new looks and different styles of play. And while I was indeed a pro-Torts guy, I'm looking forward to seeing what AV and their staff have up their sleeves.
Today we're just going to cover even strength play, since I know these tactic posts can get a little lengthy and I always prefer brevity over anything robust. Next week I'll focus on the power play and the kill.
With that said, make no mistake. Although AV isn't completely overhauling the way they play, there are some key differences. It's going to take a while for everything to come together, so…hold fast.
Offensive Zone Strategy
If Tortorella's system could be summarized into one sentence, it would be described as skating intensive and physical. AV hockey on the other hand is really about two things: passing and overloading. Although the execution has been inconsistent and sporadic in the early goings here, they definitely want their guys making crisp passes and they want them to be positionally outnumbering the opposition on one side of the ice.
If you look at the picture above, the Rangers first worked a moderately aggressive 1-2-2 forecheck. Also notice how all five Rangers are to the left of center ice (the drawn redline). The idea is to limit the opponent's time with the puck and hopefully generate a turnover. Ultimately if a turnover can be created, it'll likely be an odd man situation since their aim is to outnumber the enemy at all times.
The flaw in this setup is that you leave the weakside of the ice exposed. If the opposition is able to get a cross-ice pass through, it can lead to odd man rushes in your goalie's direction, which is what we've been seeing since preseason began. However, everything just hasn't clicked yet.
This is a different way to pursue the puck than Torts' 2-1-2 spread forecheck, which was a very aggressive strategy. However, the 2-1-2 spread is more taxing physically since 2 or 3 guys are hunting the puck below the dots and need to make a hit to cause the turnover. With the 1-2-2 that AV deploys you only have one guy down low stirring it up, so the majority of the forecheck takes place a little higher in the zone.
When the Rangers don't get the puck in deep, AV will have them be a bit more passive. The 1-2-2 will turn into more of a neutral zone trap, with one forechecker at the blueline, two forwards around the redline and two defensemen at the defensive blueline.
Although we'll still see an aggressive forecheck under AV (depending on personnel and game situation), it will be more of an overload/stacked forecheck (forwards forecheck the same lane) rather than Torts' traditional spread formation (forwards approach from opposite wings).
Defensive Zone Strategy
Different zone, same strategy. Count how many Rangers are on the strong side of the ice. Yes, that's all five guys again. This is the defensive zone overload, which follows the same concept as our offensive zone strategy: outnumber the enemy. In the case of the photo, we're outnumbering them 3-2 along the boards and 5-3 on the strong side of the ice.
This too is a risky system because you generally will have two or three players overloading hard along the boards, with one skater playing just off the puck and one or two players playing zone defense in the slot, but also shading the strong side boards.
With the amount of switching of roles that goes on in today's NHL, it's easy to get confused with who should be where. Also, if the opposition is able to hit that cross ice pass to the weakside, then you're likely giving up a quality chance to the enemy point man.
The key here is the weakside forward (in this case Rick Nash). They have to be able to get back to the middle to defend the slot if their teammates lose possession cleanly. The good thing about the overload defense though is that once you recover the puck, you're in a good position to breakout with short, quick passing plays.
One thing to remember about the overload is that it is typically only employed when the puck is along the boards. Once the puck moves below the goal line teams tend to switch to either a zone defense or man-on-man coverage. AV seems to prefer the latter (man-on-man with the Ds and F1), while Torts preferred all five skaters playing a zone defense.
For more on those strategies be sure to read up here.
Defensemen Joining The Play
The one similarity between Torts and AV is that they both want to activate their defensemen in offensive situations. Both want their blueliners to be good skaters and looking to join the play.
I think our d-men will join the rush a little bit more under AV than they were under Torts, so you'll likely see a few more four man rushes. However, this new system won't need the defense getting in on the forecheck as much as the 2-1-2, which heavily relies on pinching D to keep the puck in the zone.
The biggest difference I see with the d-men is the outlet pass. It seems AV wants these guys to make short, quick passes up ice, rather than controlled breakout plays starting from behind our own net. Obviously opposition forechecking pressure usually influences whether or not you're looking for a controlled breakout, but from the early goings the quick pass/give-and-go seems preferred over soft chips, D-to-D reverses, or even lugging the puck up ice.
Playing with the lead
A little further into the season now, and we've finally seen the Rangers get a few late leads. The Rangers tend to keep one or two forwards high in the third period if they have a late lead. It can still lead to more offense, but it will likely be offense created from neutral zone turnovers, rather than offense from heavy forechecking and pinches from our D.
Overall, some of these systems are a bit different from the previous regime. There's been a lot of mental mistakes thus far since the boys definitely have to make reads and count enemy jerseys a bit more, but they'll hopefully get it eventually.
While I certainly wouldn't classify any of this as “wide open hockey” — which MSG Network keeps propagating for some reason — I do think most of this roster should have the ability to adapt to a different style of play. We shall see.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Reddit
Email
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Pinterest
Pocket
The ramp, sometimes called wild leek, is a species of wild onion (Allium tricoccum) that is native to North America. Though the bulb resembles that of a scallion, it has beautiful flat, broad leaves that set it apart. The bottoms of the stems may have a purplish or burgundy color. According to John Mariani, author of The Encyclopedia of American Food and Drink, the word ramp comes from "rams," or "ramson," an Elizabethan dialect name for the wild garlic plant. In Appalachian regions, the plant is almost always called ramp; elsewhere it is more often known as the wild leek.
Ramps in the Wild
Ramps grow in low mountain altitudes from South Carolina to Canada, and in many areas, they're considered a spring delicacy and even a reason for celebration. Ramps tend to grow in close groups, with roots densely entwined just below the soil surface. They are among the first plants to appear in the spring and are high in vitamins—especially vitamin C. In parts of Canada, the plant is a protected species with carefully enforced harvest limits.
Festivals and Foraging
Harvesting ramps has a long tradition in the Appalachian regions of the U.S. West Virginia is well-known for its many festivals and events in celebration of the ramp. Ramps also form the basis of social festivals in Tennessee, Virginia, and North Carolina. These events are sometimes criticized by conservationists, as they may lead to the over-harvesting of ramps in the wild.
Wild leeks are so popular that foragers have threatened to wipe out the plant in many areas. Conservationists now recommend a harvest method used by Native Americans, in which the plant root is cut with a sharp knife, leaving roughly one-third of the bulb and the attached roots remaining in the ground. Harvested this way, the plant will grow back and keep producing perennially.
Culinary Uses for Ramps
The flavor and odor of ramps are often described as a combination of onion and garlic, with the garlic odor particularly prominent. Strong enough, in fact, that even ramp-lovers will advise caution. If you sit down to a big meal of ramps, don't be surprised if people continue to keep their distance until several days have passed!
Cautions aside, ramps add wonderful and uniquely pungent flavor to soups, egg dishes, casseroles, rice dishes, and potato dishes. Use them raw or cooked in any recipe calling for scallions or leeks, or cook them in a more traditional way. Try them mixed into scrambled eggs or fried potatoes. Since ramps aren't cultivated in the way leeks are, they're much easier to clean: just cut off the roots, rinse thoroughly, and scrub off any excess dirt on the bulbs.
Fresh ramps aren't available for very long in the spring, but you can chop and freeze them for later use in cooked dishes. The green tops are milder in flavor and are usually used along with the bulbs. Chop about half of the green leaves separately, air-dry them for a few hours, then freeze them in an air-tight container for future use as a seasoning. They make a great substitute for green onions.
Specialty grocers may carry ramps when they are in season, but if you can't find a local retailer, they are available seasonally from the online market Earthy Delights.
Ramp Recipes
It's been nearly six months since Nintendo announced that The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild would receive a pair of DLC packs in 2017. The first pack released in June while the second still doesn't have a release date, but could it be revealed next week?
Over the weekend, Nintendo announced that Japanese streaming service NicoNico will host a Breath of the Wild broadcast on December 12 at 7 a.m. EST. Included in the broadcast will be a focus on Japanese musician and voice actor Ichiro Mizuki's clearing of all the game's trials from June's Trial of the Sword DLC. Nintendo is also soliciting players to submit their memories of playing through the game with selected entries being shared on the broadcast.
There's no specific mention of The Champions' Ballad, unfortunately, but with 2017 fast coming to a close, it would seem this is one of Nintendo's last chances to reveal the DLC's release date if it still plans for it to be this month. Producer Eiji Aonuma said that was still the plan in October and that the Nintendo eshop was updated in November to state The Champions' Ballad would release this month, that would seem to be the case.
Alternatively, Nintendo may want to use Thursday's The Game Awards as a platform for the announcement. It's notable that Breath of the Wild is a Game of the Year nominee at the annual awards show.
more news
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Sep. 19, 2017, 2:41 PM GMT / Updated Sep. 21, 2017, 12:01 PM GMT By Ali Vitali
UNITED NATIONS — President Donald Trump, in their first address to the United Nations, derided Kim Jong-un, North Korea's leader, as a “rocket man” on Tuesday as the president warned that they may be forced to "totally destroy" the rogue nation.
"If the righteous many do not confront the wicked few, then evil will triumph," Trump said, as they detailed the horrors of what they called the "depraved" North Korean regime.
"Rocket man is on a suicide mission," they said, using a nickname for Kim that refers to the North Korean leader's recent missile tests.
"The United States has great strength and patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy North Korea."
The North Korean ambassador to the U.N. walked out before Trump's speech started.
Trump's remarks to the world body come amid sharply escalating tensions between the U.S. and North Korea. Both the president and Defense Secretary James Mattis have said all options are on the table for dealing with the threat from North Korea.
While the U.S. could take military action, Trump urged the U.N. to join together in curtailing North Korea's nuclear efforts.
"We meet at a time of both immense promise and great peril," Trump said, issuing a call to action that hinged on the responsibility of governments to their citizens.
"As president of the United States, I will always put America first," they said in a phrase reminiscent of one of their key presidential campaign slogans.
And Trump urged other leaders to do likewise and always "put your countries first."
The president also took on Iran, dismissing the nuclear deal between Tehran and the U.S. and other world powers that lifted sanctions in exchange for Iran curbing its nuclear program. Trump ripped the deal as an "embarrassment" and vowed that this would not be the last the world hears about it — "believe me."
Iran's future, Trump said, comes down to a choice between continuing on its current road or returning to the nation's "roots as a center of civilization, culture and wealth."
The speech was a nationalist appeal — which had helped fuel Trump's rise to the presidency in 2016 and that their administration has grappled with in its policy making, both foreign and domestic.
Trump said that under their watch the U.S. is a nation that the world would no longer take advantage of, be it diplomatically or on matters of trade.
While the president said they seek strong trade ties around the world, that trade "must be fair and it must be reciprocal."
While Trump promised to uphold America's interests above all, "we also realize it's in everyone's interest to seek a future where nations can be sovereign, prosperous, and secure."
Those complaints about lack of fairness and reciprocity are not new.
Trump left the Paris Climate Accord because they lamented it was unfair to U.S. workers. He's railed against multilateral trade deals, like NAFTA and the Trans Pacific Partnership, that they feel don't benefit the U.S.
"Are we still patriots?" Trump asked in their address. "Do we love our nations enough to protect their sovereignty and to take ownership of their future?"
Though their morning remarks focused on strength, a toast Tuesday afternoon was made in the name of "potential."
"The potential of the U.N. is unlimited," they said.
Acknowledging that he's been a "critic" of the organization in the past, Trump praised its future, saying "there can be no better forum" for world deliberations while raising a glass of red wine to the group gathered with them for the lunch. The president, who doesn't drink, raised the glass to their lips, though it was unclear whether or not they took a sip before passing it off to a waiter.
On Wednesday morning, Trump circled back to the North Korea issue by criticizing their opponent in the 2016 election in series of tweets.
"After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also), Crooked Hillary now criticizes," Trump tweeted.
Moments later they retweeted a post that had been written in response to their initial tweet that called it "the height of hypocrisy" that "Obama and Clinton in effect gave nuclear weapons to North Korea by their policy of appeasement."
The tweets may have been in reference to Clinton's criticism of Trump during an appearance Tuesday night on "The Late Show With Stephen Colbert" on CBS, in which they called the president's speech at the United Nations "very dark, dangerous" and "not the kind of message that the leader of the greatest nation in the world should be delivering."
elmatpe:
secret-diary-of-an-fa: steverson-horse-and-phone: pretentiousfuckwads: Secret Diary of a Fat Admirer: My Fuck-You Revenge Post Against anonymouslayabout (Shit, I enjoyed this) anonymouslayabout: So I have a policy of being very open with my followers when I have failed. And today I failed. I binged on way too many calories when I got home. Now, there were reasons for this, and I am going to tell you about them so you can see them in yourself, and perhaps it may… Literally a sociopathic cunt. Stop eating so much and you might turn into a normal human being. AGGRESSIVE REMINDER THAT YOU DO NOT HAVE TO BE FAT IN ORDER TO BE AGAINST FAT SHAME, JUST LIKE YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE A WOMAN TO BE A FEMINIST AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE GAY TO BE FOR GAY RIGHTS SOME OF US ARE JUST DECENT ENOUGH NOT TO BE CUNTS TO PEOPLE BECAUSE OF HOW MUCH SPACE THEY OCCUPY AND SOME OF US JUST HAVE THE COURAGE TO SPEAK AGAINST PEOPLE WHO DO NOT SORRY FOR THE CAPS LOCK OR FOR BARGING INTO THE CONVERSATION I JUST HAVE A LOT OF FEELINGS ABOUT THIS STUFF. Thank you- you're a beautiful human being and I hope you know that. I usually don't rant about this stuff because I'm making an exception because steverson-horse-and-phone's comment is just perfect and because I want to add something (I know I'm late to the shit-storm but I never make my point clear when this stuff happens). I just *love* that all the people reblogging secret-diary-of-an-fa's post only went on and on about the *not* death of a dog and forgot why they made that post. (Oh, there are those who insulted secret-diary-of-an-fa using the always classic fat-shame even though he's not even fat and since I might also attract these idiots let me just say that I weigh around 113 pounds *rolls eyes*) Here we have a person by the username of anonymouslayabout that seems to have set his/her life-goal to talk down on lots FA/fat positive post because he/she thinks every person in those tags are promoting an unhealthy lifestyle BUT most people in those tags are just looking for ‘acceptance' (oh, hey it's in the freaking name of their ‘movement'!!!) they've been told all their lives that they are disgusting just to look at and many other things anything you are going to tell them dearie is not news to them, they've already been hearing it all of their lives, how about just live and let live? Ah, of course, ‘because they promote an unhealthy lifestyle', honey, it's not your place to judge anyone's lifestyle choices and what's more, just by some posts they write on the Internet, you don't have their complete life-schedule. People like anonymouslayabout claim to have gained their ‘thin priviledge' (funny, I thought you believed that thing didn't exist?) through ‘hard work' (and judging by that post maybe also through starving themselves, which is scary, I can't tell is he/she has an ED but just because you gorged one day if you keep the healthy lifestyle you claim to lead, trust me, nothing bad is going to happen to you because you indulged one day, if anything obssesing over it will make everything worse) but working out to stay healthy is not the same as working out to loose a lot of weight, the first only requires some degree of weekly exercise and the second requires that you spent lots of hours on the gym, do you think everyone's schedules allowes them to do that? Newsflash: No and even if they could but decide not to it's not anyone's place to judge them.
Rebloggin' again because elmtape is awesome and needs some kind of medal.
Also, it's great to see the number of you guys who have reblogged and come out to defend me in this shit-storm. Sure, I get a lot of drooling morons on my dash during the first stage of each controversy I end up involved in, but it's worth it to see you lot wonderful people rally round both me and the causes and ideas we all represent.
I don't mean to gush (no, really, it's terrible for my image), but seeing the sheer number of progressive, decent people prepared to stand up and join a fight they weren't asked to, just because they know its the right thing to do, or they feel that what they have to say is important, or because of a sense of friendship with me or others involved in the argument… well, it gives me hope that the human race might not be entirely doomed after all.
There's something else I'd like to add. I was thinking about all the people who came out against me in this clusterfuck, and how most of them did it They weren't really defending my original adversary, even though they were agreeing with her- they were just using the whole thing as an excuse to attack someone (in this case, your humble narrator). That might give my original opponent a sense of affirmation- and those involved in the argument the same… but look at the way people who came out on my side behaved: they weren't in this just to browbeat someone. They actually sat down and thought of rational arguments and explained themselves reasonably and with passion. In short, their behaviour was supportive rather than just using support as an excuse to perpetuate a fight. And the feeling you get from that is far, far better than mere affirmation: it's loyalty and friendship (as cheesy as I know that sounds).
It almost makes me sad that my opponent's in this argument will never truly understand the difference, because however much they might act offended my often brutish and vicious behaviour, in reality, they are victims not of me, but of their own profound lack of feeling. But this paragraph's just me, putting the boot in, like I always do, and isn't really the point.
The point is that this is why I refer to my followers as ‘friends' and to the Fat Acceptance Movement as a whole as 'people I care about'. It's why I get so angry on their behalf as well as my own. This is why I will always attack those who attack them. And if I have to take abuse for it, as I have over the past few days? Then it's a price I pay more than gladly. Not because I'm the cold, unaffected shell I often present to my enemies to confuse and frustrate them but because, I have far better armour than my fronted cynicism: namely, the simple knowledge that this movement and these people are worth taking the abuse and hate-mail and idiotic reblogs for. They are some of the kindest, most compassionate and decent human beings I have ever had the good fortune to meet. They have come to my support in this fight- which on one level was largely personal and on another was born of ideological positions I share with my friends and associates- and that reminds me that there will never come a time when I will want to shy away from a fight on their behalf.
So thank you. Thank you for being there when I was at my most cynical and vicious. Thank you for standing up when you didn't have to. Thank you for keeping my ever-precarious faith in humanity grounded for a little longer. I am priveleged to know you all.
Sweet responses to my lunch date with Emily!
Chai. It's a word that gets tossed around a lot, isn't it? We all think we know what it means—it's a sort of tea, right? Maybe just a liquid spice mix we see swishing around at Starbucks? Cinnamon, ginger, that sort of thing?
We're all partially right. Masala chai is a hot tea, indigenous to India, that's made by brewing black tea with a special blend of spices and herbs (also indigenous to India). In various parts of Asia, chai is so ubiquitous that the word has become synonymous with tea itself, though it really does refer to a particular type of tea. I learned all of this when Chloe went to Southern India for five weeks a few years ago, and returned with wide-eyed stories of the marvelous chai she'd had throughout their travels. “It's soooo good, Gena!” they exclaimed. “Nothing like the crap stuff at Starbucks.”
Chloe may have been right, but I'll admit it: I remember my first Starbucks (soy) chai latte a little more than fondly. I had no idea what chai really was—I just suspected it would be sweet, and tasty, as (let's be honest) most Starbucks beverages are. It was love at first sip. Since then, I have managed to wrest myself away from the sugary liquid mixes at Starbucks, but my love for chai flavors has yet to abate. I love buying chai teabags and brewing them in almond milk and stevia. I love them in my chia pudding. And now, I love them in my smoothies.
I've wanted to make a banana chai smoothie since I fell in love with my friend Brendan's vanilla chai Vega smoothie optimizer. The chai+banana combination is a winner. I was curious to see, though, how it would be to use real chai spices in a banana smoothie, so I began to research the actual components and proportions of chai spice. I found this recipe for chai spice mix, and decided I'd modify it a tiny bit—most notably to omit the sugar. The result was the spice mix below, which you can toss into smoothies, puddings, cookies/muffins/cakes, or anything else you'd like to taste chai-like. It would be a great addition to a cup of hot almond milk!
Chai Spice Mix (yields about 1/3 cup spice mix)
2 tbsp. ground ginger
1 tbsp. ground cinnamon
2 tsp. ground cloves
2 1/2 tbsp. ground cardamom
2 tsp. nutmeg
2 tsp. allspice
1/2 tsp. white pepper
Mix all spices together, and store in tupperware or a sealed plastic bag. Used to taste!
Since there's no sugar in this particular chai mix, you'll probably want to add some healthy sweetener to anything you use the spice mix with. But the benefit here is that you can absolutely control how sweet things get.
Next, it was smoothie time. I began with a heaping teaspoon of my new spice mix, and the following was born.
Banana Chai Smoothie (serves 1)
1 heaping tsp. chai spice mix (recipe above)
1 1/2 large bananas, frozen (or 2 small)
4 ice cubes
2/3 cup almond milk
1 tbsp almond, cashew, or coconut butter (optional!)
Combine all ingredients in a blender and blend till smooth.
I topped mine with a sprinkle of cinnamon, and all was right with the world.
I always love figuring out how to make a favorite food at home. Now I have a fragrant little bag of chai spices at the ready at home, and I see many almond milk chai lattes in my near future! Hope you guys try this smoothie out soon.
And now, I'm preparing to tuck in and rest up for a jolly weekend here in D.C.—which will include a vegan cookoff dinner party! That'll be a fun recap. For now, I'm curious to hear what's on your weekend agendas? Whether it's a lot or a little, I hope you enjoy it.
xo
With the announcements of new Rock Band and Guitar Hero games, my vigor towards those titles currently in my collection was reignited. Coincidentally, it wasn't either long before these announcements that I had procured a copy of Green Day: Rock Band. It had been sitting in my closet for a while and with this redeveloped enthusiasm, my partner and I got the plastic instrument band back together. To be fair, achievements did play a role too.
We jammed through Green Day: Rock Band in a single sitting – complying with the requirements for one of the game's endurance based achievements. It didn't make them a fan of theirs and didn't make me anything more than the casual fan I already was. We conquered, and moved onto Guitar Hero: Van Halen a week or so later. We aimed to do the same with it, but called it quits early on when we realized the achievements wouldn't pop for the both of us, only the primary player. For us, this was a nightmarish callback to the launch of Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock.
I purchased that game on a break between college classes and when school was done for the day, we rocked the evening away in a single marathon session. When all was said and done, I had the medium co-op achievement pop, but nothing happened for him. After the fact research yielded our answer: nothing would unlock for the secondary player. What a jip! What were people supposed to do to unlock the four co-op related achievements? Bribe friends, put out an ad on Craigslist? Keeping in mind that the difficulty achievements didn't stack meant all related songs would have to be played through four times, each on a different difficulty. Needless to say we didn't start a new co-op career on another difficulty.
So, I was left to finish Guitar Hero: Van Halen on my own. Unlike the crotches of 80s rock stars, it wasn't bulging with content so it was a relatively brief affair. I did discover a few of their lesser-known songs though. All this recent Guitar Hero and Rock Band playing had me curious towards the older games in my collection, specifically, ones with achievements that I hadn't obtained. Perusing TrueAchievements signaled that I may be able to clean up a few achievements in Guitar Hero II – namely completing the game on expert and a co-op achievement or two. This was a possibility because the co-op achievements unlocked for both players.
So I fired up Guitar Hero II and was greeted with a nearly complete expert playthrough – I was four songs away. Of those, I only had access to three. The first one I attempted was “Misirlou” by Dick Dale. Although you may not recognize it by title or performer, if you hear it, you'd likely be able to place it – surf rock of the 1960s. Surprising myself I passed it with flying colors barely scraping by on my first time. “Wow! I can do this” I exclaimed to nobody but myself. My next attempts – “Institutionalized” by Suicidal Tendencies and “Hangar 18” by Megadeth put the difficulty level into perspective.
I didn't give up though. On my initial attempts with those songs I was able to clear more than 80 percent on each. A few days passed before my next attempts but with those I played the songs over and over and over again, getting better at performing the tricky hammer-ons and pull-offs and learning the crucial moments to activate Star Power. One by one I conquered the songs until I was left with game-ender: “Free Bird” by Lynyrd Skynyrd. I sat through the first few minutes of that song no less than a half-dozen times thanks to the tricky solos. Eventually, everything synced and I was able to scrape by. Achievement unlocked.
Advertisements
You know all that sweet and awesome lore Vanguard never touched on but kept hinting at? It's coming~
Gastille is confirmed to be the mastermind manipulating Shiranui.
Screen Caps of Episode 50
October Shop Fights will be providing the “Vanguard G Z Pack vol. 1” to participants
Winners of events and 2 random players will get a foil “Sacrifice Messiah”
Touken Ranbu -Hanamaru- Deck Set Commemorative Event (October 7th to November 3rd)
Participants get a Vanguard G Z Pack Vol. 1 and 1 Touken Ranbu themed Special Fighter's Counter
Brisk Medical, Yellowel
Grade 2 / Normal / Angel Feather – Angel
Power 9000
Shield 5000
AUTO (RC) GB1: [Counter Blast 1 & Choose 1 card from your hand, place it into the Damage Zone] When this Unit attacks, if this Unit is Boosted, you can pay the cost. If you pay it, choose 1 card from your Damage Zone, add it to your hand.
Blue Wave Soldier, Scoop Sailor
Grade 1 / Normal Unit / Aqua Force – Aquaroid
Power 6000
Shield 5000
AUTO (RC) GB1: [Soul Blast 1 & Return this card to the hand] When your “Blue Wave” Vanguard Stands, you can pay the cost. If you pay, choose 1 of your “Blue Wave” Units, during that turn, it gains Power+4000.
Brilliant Honey
Grade 2 / Normal Unit / Neo Nectar – Insect
Power 9000
Shield 5000
AUTO (RC) GB1: [Soul Blast 1] When this Unit attacks, you can pay the cost. If you pay it, for each of your other Units with the Bloom ability, during that battle, this Unit gains Power+2000. If you have 3 or more Rear-guards with the Bloom ability, Counter Charge 1.
The Poster for Vanguard G Z. The Tag Line is “Vanguard VS The Dragon God of Destruction. The Story heads to the Final Battle of “Z”…”
Vanguards VS The Dragon God of Destruction. The Story is headed to the Final Battle of “Z”.
From the Planet Cray, Units dubbed the “Apostles” have descended upon Earth. “Dragon Deity of Destruction, Gyze” who will destroy all that exists. In order to bring about its revival, the Apostles, armed with the power of the 6 “Zeroth Dragons”, invade the Earth!
Vanguard Fighters, stand together, to oppose them, fighting side by side, in order to break the chains of destiny and carve out a new future!
Dragon Deity of Destruction, Gyze
Clan: ???
The Ultimate God of Destruction who controls “nihility” who was wounded fighting against Messiah.
It nearly brought Cray to the point of extinction in the past.
Currently it's apparently still sealed…!?
The Keywords for Vanguard G Z are:
Dragon Deity of Destruction, Gyze
The 6 Apostles
The 6 Zeroth Dragons
The Six Apostles who seek to bring Gyze's rebirth
The Evil Jester Who Smiles With Despair, Chaos Breaker
Clan: Link Joker
During the U20, they traveled around the world, Calling the Diffriders who would become the Apostles.
They wait to see how the U20 will turn out.
The Lonely Mercenary Who Burns With Revenge: Dumjid
Clan: Kagero
Dumjid returns as one of the “Apostles”!
The true face of this mercenary is revealed!?
And they join the ranks of *those* fighters.
The Queen Who Rules The Criminal Organization: Gredora
Megacolony
The Queen of the Criminal Organization, Megacolony
She's also the mother of all their mutants and weapons
It appears they have some terrifying criminal scheme?!
The Strongest And Most Perfect Evil Mutant: Darkface
Clan: Megacolony
The self proclaimed “Strongest” mutant who loyally serves the Queen
He's been secretly acting on Earth, before Gredora arrived
He's not just brawns, but brains, and perverts the use of science.
The Fleet Admiral Who Fell Into The Void Of Extinction: Valeos
Clan: Aqua Force
Aqua Force's First Fleet Admiral
They nearly defeated Giese in the past
It seems he's connected to a certain “Holy Sword”.
The Evil God Bishop Who Leads The Apostles: Gastille
Clan: Dark Irregulars
The mastermind who sent Shiranui to Earth
 They are the master of the prison of souls, “Relics”.
They have a terrifying strategy to defeat their mortal enemy, Messiah!?
The Forbidden G Units, “Zeroth Dragons” Descend!
The Zeroth Dragon of Inferno, Drakuma (Dragon Empire)
The Zeroth Dragon of Distant Sea, Megiddo (Magallanica)
They are weapons of disaster born from “Dragon Deity of Destruction, Gyze”
They're the ultimate trump cards used by the “Apostles”!
They apparently are the keys to completely resurrecting Gyze…!?
What are Zeroth Dragons!?
6 G Units that can be used with Nations, instead of just Clans!
They can only descend upon the field during a Fight via “Ultimate Stride”!
There's unknown Star Gate, Dark Zone, United Sanctuary, and Zoo.
Drachma can be used with any of the following clans:
Kagero
Narukami
Tachikaze
Murakumo
Nubatama
Megiddo can be used with any of the following clans:
Aqua Force
Bermuda Triangle
Granblue
The Ultimate Rarity, Z Rare
GR's inclusion rate is equal to the conventional rate of GR + SGR!!
And, Z Rares are also included!
Now, the highest rarity inclusion has been upped?!
Z Rares are only for the Zeroth Dragons, and are super luxurious cards whose foil coloring depends on the nation.
The voice actor of Chaos Breaker/Hoshizaki, Noa:
Kitamura, Eri.
Cardfight!! Vanguard G Z continues with the same Director and Series Direction folks who did G NEXT
Star-vader, Metonax Dragon
Grade 1 / Normal Unit / Link Joker – Cyber Dragon
Power 7000
Shield 5000
AUTO (RC) GB1: When this Unit Boosts, if your opponent has 2 or more Locked cards, during that battle, this Unit gains Power+4000, and when that battle ends, if the attack hit a Vanguard, choose 1 of your opponent's Locked cards, that card cannot be Unlocked during your opponent's next End Phase.
Star-vader, Chaos Breaker Crisis
Grade 3 / Normal Unit / Link Joker – Cyber Dragon
Power 11000
AUTO (VC): [Counter Blast 1 “Star-vader” card] When this Unit is placed on (VC) OR When you Stride with a G Unit that has “Star-vader” in its original name, you can pay the cost. If you pay it, your opponent chooses 1 of their Rear-guards, and Locks it.
AUTO (VC): When your opponent's Locked card(s) Unlock, if you have not Retired a Unit with this Unit's effect this turn, you can Retire 1 of the Unlocked Units, and draw 1 card.
At least 88 percent of the approximately 1,400 suspected noncitizens run through a federal database by the Colorado Secretary of State's office were determined to be U.S. citizens, and are therefore eligible to vote.
The office is looking further at the remaining roughly 168 people, but that list may also include people who are citizens, said Michael Hagihara of the state's elections division.
The results of the checks so far were released during a public hearing on how Secretary of State Scott Gessler's office will notify suspected noncitizens and conduct hearings on whether they should be removed from Colorado's voter rolls.
Martha Tierney, an attorney who represents the Colorado Democratic Party, noted that the number of voters still in question equals less than one-hundredth of 1 percent of Colorado's approximately 3.5 million registered voters.
“This appears to be a solution searching for a problem,” they said.
But Deputy Secretary if State Suzanne Staiert said there is good reason to move forward.
“We are trying to maintain the integrity of the rolls,” they said.
Gessler's office mailed letters to about 3,900 suspected noncitizens earlier this month, asking them to prove their citizenship or voluntarily withdraw their voter registration.
The office was only able to check 1,400 of those names in the federal database because it only had alien registration numbers — which were required to run the check — for those people, said Richard Coolidge, director of communication for Gessler's office.
Sara Burnett: 303-954-1661, sburnett@denverpost.com or twitter.com/sara_burnett
Like millions of viewers around the nation, I was thrilled this week when TLC renewed my television show, Here Comes Honey Boo Boo, for a second fun-filled season. It fills my heart with joy to know that our raucous Southern lifestyle in rural Georgia entertained so many families and started a "redneck fever.” Heck, more people watched ‘Honey Boo Boo' than the Republican National Convention. That's really something!
So as me, Mama, Glitzy and eleven-fingered baby Kaitlyn gear up for the next chapter of Piggly Wiggly and pageantry, I want to take a moment to thank all of our fans out there and to remind them that this charade is, of course, going to end very, very badly.
Advertisement
You know that, right? That my whole life is, sooner or later, going to wind up being a complete and utter train wreck of delusion and misery? Just want everybody to be clear on that.
Again, I'm glad people are enjoying the show. It is definitely good that people enjoy gathering around the television and laughing at my chubby cheeks, and my tacky family, and all of our hysterical antics. Just so long, of course, as people are aware that there is no possible scenario in which I will grow up to be a functional human being who is healthy and psychologically well-adjusted. Or successful. Or anything but a sick punchline, or worse. Because viewers should already know that. I mean, I'm a 7-year-old girl who regularly consumes a combination of Red Bull and Mountain Dew, for God's sake. And who loves constantly mugging in front of a camera at an age when a human being generally shouldn't be doing that kind of thing.
But, then again, what am I saying. Of course people know this! Of course people understand implicitly that I am going to one day in the near future develop serious health problems not limited to massive weight gain, type II diabetes, and likely drug addiction as a result of emotional maladjustment and years of unrestricted access to dangerous substances provided by television producers and sponsors. You'd kind of have to be a willfully clueless idiot not to realize that, after all. That's something anyone who's watched even one second of my show, particularly any moment that involves me or my family eating or speaking, would realize.
Advertisement
So, assuming you all understand this, then that means you are all totally okay with gleefully laughing at me and my family, even when there is a pretty darn good chance that an act of horrific violence may very well lurk in my not-too-distant future. An act of violence that, say, 10 or 15 years from now will make people who once watched my show say, “Oh my God, that's awful. What a sad and fucked up little life they had. Well, that's what happens when someone is given that much attention and exposure at such an early age. It warps their mind and makes it impossible for them to develop into normal adults.”
Those are words you will speak one day. And you're okay with that, right? You should probably be okay with that if you want to keep watching my show.
And, as any television viewer with even one shred of common sense surely knows, that's only in the best-case scenario. In the worst-case scenario, my reckless behavior and destructive lifestyle will entangle dozens of people within an inner circle of handlers, publicists and hangers-on with whom I'm still able to surround myself due to appearances at nightclubs and adult magazines, which will pay just enough money to keep me from insolvency—that is, until I reach an age in which the public inevitably tires of me and I have to resort to pornography or prostitution.
Advertisement
These things may not happen in the immediate future or even within the next few decades, but rest assured that they will more than likely happen sometime during my lifetime, a lifetime that will probably end before age 45, in large part due to years of hard partying, substance abuse, reckless driving, or some combination of those three, if not by outright suicide brought on by years of depression and estrangement from family.
Also, just to be clear, when you look at me, I do hope a series of images rushes across your brain, including a breaking TMZ alert about my possible death, a hastily-aggregated Huffington Post slideshow titled “Honey Boo Boo Through The Years—which will showcase childhood pageant photos, mugshots from multiple arrests, before-and-after shots from plastic surgery procedures, and completely staged paparazzi photos from when I needed some extra cash—and the leaked photo of my corpse that an undisclosed family member will sell to the tabloids for $15,000. You should definitely see all of that. As I'm sure you do.
But I hope I haven't given the wrong impression. By all means, continue watching the show. After all, it's a hell of a good time! No one who's seen me practice a new dance routine for an upcoming pageant can argue that it's not adorable, especially when I'm dressed up like a sex icon like Madonna or Britney Spears.
Advertisement
Of course, they also can't argue that years of participating in pageants that shamelessly exploit young girls' bodies could possibly lead to anything other than my developing a horrible relationship with my body and view of female sexuality, causing me to either overeat, starve myself, cut myself, undergo regular liposuction, become pregnant accidentally, and generally destroy myself trying to fill the hollow void left by the deceivingly glamorous and fun-filled stardom of my youth. Definitely can't argue that.
Anyway, love y'all! Thanks for watching!
Cameron (born Marjorie Cameron in Belle Plaine, Iowa in 1922, died in Los Angeles in 1995) was one of most fascinating figures in California's mid-century counterculture. Them paintings, drawings, writings and performances linked the heritage of Surrealism with beat culture and the occult. They participated in a creative dialogue with Wallace Berman, George Herms, Kenneth Anger and other artists who were at the center of the California art vanguard. Cameron met the rocket scientist Jack Parsons in 1946 after arriving in Pasadena following their service in the Navy. Parsons, who was the co-founder of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, was a follower of the esoteric mysticism of Aleister Crowley. Their romantic and mystical bond transformed Cameron's life and art.
The combination of Cameron's precise line, their visionary imagery, occult practice, and charismatic personality created a singular aesthetic. Them distinctive vision and their strong feminist spirit are now inspiring a new generation of artists.
Cinderella of the Wastelands is an expanded version of the exhibition presented last year at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles. It is presented in collaboration with Nicole Klagsbrun and the Cameron Parsons Foundation.
We would like to thank Scott Hobbs and the Cameron Parsons Foundation; Ordo Templi Orientis Archives, New York and William Breeze; Shelley Fox Aarons and Philip Aarons; Mickey Cartin; Beth Rudin DeWoody; Barbara Guggenheim and Bert Fields; the Andrea Leonelli Trust; Cindy Miscikowski; Marc Selwyn; Lorraine Wild; and Especially George Herms…Artist Friend, for generously lending works to the exhibition.
ISRO
Update: India's first space observatory dedicated to science, ASTROSAT, was successfully launched on 28 September from the spaceport of Sriharikota in the Bay of Bengal.
A satellite is about to bring India international acclaim, at least in astronomy circles. On 28 September, ASTROSAT, the country's first space observatory dedicated to science, will take to the skies.
As well as boosting the activities of Indian astronomers — who are abuzz with excitement ­— the satellite is expected to benefit researchers all over the world. Designed to orbit Earth for five years, it has capabilities not offered by existing space telescopes.
“It is a notable and fantastic step forward for Indian astronomy, and has broad implications for astronomers everywhere,” says Henry Yang, a mechanical engineer at the University of California, Santa Barbara, who is chair of the board for the Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT) project, an observatory planned for Mauna Kea, Hawaii.
India has had ground-based telescopes for decades, including the Giant Metrewave Radio Telescope near Pune and the Indian Astronomical Observatory in the Himalayan cold desert of Ladakh. But although these can detect radio waves and infrared radiation, which easily penetrate Earth's atmosphere, they cannot monitor higher frequencies that the atmosphere tends to block — most ultraviolet light, for example, and all X-rays and γ-rays. Without a space telescope of their own, Indian scientists have had to rely on ones operated by NASA and the European Space Agency (ESA) to study such radiation bands, which carry information about exotic neutron stars, newly born or exploding stars and the spiralling hot gases around black holes.
“Often, as we do not know the exact specifics of the telescope design, we are not able to tune our research proposals accordingly,” says Varun Bhalerao, an astrophysicist at India's Inter-University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics (IUCAA) in Pune.
Indian astronomers have long been at a disadvantage for X-ray and ultraviolet studies, says Somak Raychaudhury, who is the director of the IUCAA and has been involved with ASTROSAT since its inception. Orbiting 650 kilometres above Earth, ASTROSAT will collect data on this portion of the light spectrum, giving Indian scientists faster — and guaranteed — access to the information. They will also have privileged access. “Everybody, senior or junior scientists, is talking about studies they can now propose,” adds Bhalerao, who is excited about studying neutron stars from India without having to wait for international support. Bhalerao has been studying these stellar objects using high-energy X-ray wavelengths with NASA's Nuclear Spectroscopic Array (NuSTAR) at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, and is looking forward to extending that study to the lower-energy X-ray and ultraviolet bands that will be available through ASTROSAT.
With five instruments, or ‘payloads', tuned to detect different types of light, ASTROSAT will observe a wider variety of wavelengths than most other satellites, from visible light to the ultraviolet and X-ray bands. Mylswamy Annadurai, director of the Indian Space Research Organisation's Satellite Centre in Bangalore, calls this “the strength and uniqueness of ASTROSAT”. Black holes, galaxy clusters and other celestial objects can blaze with different wavelengths as different events occur. “When all payloads are combined, ASTROSAT gives a coverage which no other observatory has achieved till now,” they say.
For some researchers, the satellite's X-ray detection capability will fill the gap left when NASA's Rossi X-ray Timing Explorer satellite died in 2012, after 16 years of operations. Like Rossi, ASTROSAT will look regularly at large areas of the sky, enabling it to track simultaneously a large number of X-ray sources that change with time, says Randall Smith, an astronomer at the Harvard–Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge, Massachusetts. By contrast, the X-ray telescopes currently in space generally focus on studying individual objects in great detail.
ASTROSAT's X-ray detectors can also cope with very bright objects that would saturate those on other satellites such as NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory or ESA's X-ray Multi-Mirror (XXM-Newton) mission. According to Andrew Fabian at the University of Cambridge's Institute of Astronomy in the United Kingdom, this capability will make ASTROSAT “invaluable” for alerting the international community to short-lived bursts of X-rays — a key indicator that something new is happening in space.
What are Sun Puffs Four Cheese?
This is the first non-chip form for Sun Chips. When I originally saw the images on the bag, I thought they were churros-shaped, but they are not. Instead, they look like large pillowy cereal pieces that could help you consume 100 percent of your daily fiber.
The four kinds of cheese that flavor the snack are: Monterey jack, cheddar, gouda, and mozzarella.
How are they?
I like Sun Chips, but if you gave me the option between them and a bag of potato chips, I'd take the fried spud slices and leave the Sun Chips 10 out of 10 times. But if bags of Sun Puffs Four Cheese and Cheetos were in front of me, I'd grab the Cheetos, but then also snag the Sun Puffs, because I'm greedy and they are sun-prisingly wonderful.
With the combination of cheeses, they have a slightly funky aroma and a mature tangy flavor that mostly hides the fact I'm eating a whole grain snack. Although, the cheesiness eventually fades and there's a whole grain aftertaste. Think of these as tasting like a Triscuit with some decent cheese. They don't quite reach Cheetos-level of snackability, but I still dig them.
Is there anything else I need to know?
While they're made with 100 percent whole grain and look like a cereal that'll give you 100 percent of your daily intake of fiber, a serving provides only seven percent of your daily fiber. Yes, you could eat the entire bag and get about 40 percent, which is plausible because they're hard to stop eating.
Also, regarding the whole grains, if you don't like how regular Sun Chips feel in your mouth as you break them down with your teeth, then expect these to give you that same feeling. You know, the graininess that reminds you that Sun Chips are not Tostitos or regular potato chips.
Conclusion:
Frito-Lay, who also makes Cheetos, also makes Sun Puffs. So if there's anyone who knows how to create addictive cheese-flavored crunchy puffs, it's Frito-Lay. And it did a great job with these. Now, although I realize these don't look like churros, I'd love to have a cinnamon sugar version.
Purchased Price: $4.39
Size: 6 oz. bag
Purchased at: Longs Drugs
Rating: 8 out of 10
Nutrition Facts: (about 15 puffs) 150 calories, 8 grams of fat, 1 gram of saturated fat, 0 grams of trans fat, 0 milligrams of cholesterol, 180 milligrams of sodium, 17 grams of carbohydrates, 2 grams of fiber, 2 grams of sugar, and 3 grams of protein.
There's a lot more regal dramatics coming your way — E! announced Tuesday that its first original scripted drama, The Royals, has been picked up for a 10-episode third season.
The Royals, starring Elizabeth Hurley, William Moseley, Alexandra Park, Tom Austen, Oliver Milburn and Jake Maskall, is an hourlong drama focused on the scandalous lives of a fictional royal family living in the modern world. The focus on opulence and drama may be expected fare for E!, but the fact that the series is scripted sets it distinctly apart from the rest of the shows on the reality-focused network.
“We are incredibly proud of the success of The Royals. The series has captured fans and brought them into a regal world of sexy, fun drama. We can't wait to see what season 3 will bring and what surprises are still in store as we enter the second half of season 2,” Jeff Olde, EVP of original programming and development at E!, said in the announcement.
“We are delighted by today's pick-up announcement for season three of ‘The Royals,'” added Kevin Beggs, Lionsgate Television Group Chairman. “The Royals reflects the kind of original, noisy and provocative series that is a Lionsgate signature. We look forward to an all-new season of palace intrigue and badly behaved royals with our partners at E! and Universal Cable Productions.”
The announcement comes as season 2 is heading towards its end. The penultimate episode of the season airs Sunday, Jan. 10, and then the season finale will air Jan. 17 at 10 p.m. ET on E!
Image caption Eurozone factory orders rose for a fourth consecutive month in October
Eurozone factory orders rose for a fourth consecutive month in October, leaving factories unable to keep up with demand, according to a survey.
Manufacturers in the 17-country eurozone saw their backlogs rise higher than stocks of finished goods continued to fall.
The Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) stood at 51.3 in October, up from 51.1 in September.
Any reading of above 50 suggests expansion.
Markit said that only France and Greece, out of the 17 countries that use the euro, failed to enjoy improved conditions.
The organisation's chief economist, Chris Williamson, however, said that the pace of growth was "modest overall".
"While the recovery goes on, it is by all accounts frustratingly slow. In particular, the modest gains in output and new orders remain insufficient to encourage firms to take on more staff," they added.
Demand for manufactured goods increased last month, but at a slower pace than in September, while factories made little change to prices, the survey showed.
"Output charges rose for the second successive month, but the rate of inflation remained marginal as competition remained strong and market demand lacklustre," Markit said.
On the eve of this year's Giro d'Italia, I was told that my cortisol levels from a routine pre-race blood test were considered too low to start the race (in accordance with the MPCC-movement for credible cycling- criteria). The team issued a short press statement and I left the race early the next morning before it even began.
I have not said anything to the press since…every rider in my situation would claim they have nothing to hide and I know words don't go very far in a sport with such a tainted history. Instead I wanted to wait and come to you with the proof.
The following story is not to convince you that I've done nothing untoward, this has already been done through the independent testing undergone over the last few weeks which has shown that my low cortisol level was caused by my 100% legal, declared and prescribed allergy/asthma medication.
The next few paragraphs are to help me vent my frustration at a flawed system, to show my appreciation for those around me and to tell my side of the story.
It was pretty surreal getting the news…I was about 2 minutes into a massage when our director Jan told me I needed to come to the bus. It definitely took a while to sink in. The first thing the team said was that I had returned low cortisol readings from the test and according to the MPCC, I could not start the Giro. In the same sentence they added that they were 100% behind me and that they knew I had done nothing wrong and together we were going to prove it. That changed my initial reaction from a panic to me being very angry that all my preparation over the last 3 months was going to be p*ssed away by politics. I guess though, I was more angered about the hit to my reputation. I have always been vocal about anti-doping in our sport and especially about guys pushing the limits with things like cortisone, TUE's, glandular medication… the grey areas. I was talking to a friend about it and told them that when this happened to other riders in the past, my instant thoughts were “those cheating b*stards have been smashing cortisone”. They replied “Yeah but in your case it is different and people don't think that.” Why though? “because I don't win races like the other guys who have had the same problem?”…my counterargument to them was to look at Lloyd Mondry…he tested positive for EPO and didn't win anything.
Anyway in the aftermath of receiving the news that my Giro was over before it began…I immediately rang my manager Andrew McQuaid and within a few hours they were down in Italy putting together a plan and trying to stop me doing anything stupid with modern day tools like Twitter etc. At the time, it was pretty hard to say nothing while “keyboard warriors” tore shreds off me (suggesting cortisone abuse etc.), but it reminded me of a story about my brother who is a veterinarian. A while ago they were pregnancy testing cows and received a nasty kick from one of them which broke their rib. In a moment of rage, they retaliated by punching the cow…however the cow didn't flinch and instead my brother now had a broken hand to add to their list of woes. I guess between them, Andrew and the team staff stopped me from punching the metaphorical cow. Now that I have the concrete proof I'd like to see that cow go to the meat works!
So to the MPCC…firstly I appreciate what they do. I love the idea of banning Tramadol in races. I also think getting rid of cortisone use from our sport would change things too. However until now I didn't realise the flaws of their testing system. If I was on any of the 10 teams at the Giro that are not part of the MPCC, I would be riding the Giro today, not writing this article at home. For all I know I might have been under the cortisol limit ten times in my career to date and not even known about it. I was having coffee with a guy in Girona a few days ago and they were telling me that their normal haematocrit level is around 44. Last December they had spent a lot of time in the off season at altitude…he was fresh and had just travelled to team camp where the first quarterly blood test was done, their haematocrit was 51. If that was 15 years ago they would have been stood down for a period and everyone would assume they were using EPO. In a few years time I hope someone returns a low cortisol reading and says “thankfully this wasn't in 2015 or I would be stood down”. At the same time how do we stop cortisone use in our sport? I don't know the answer to that at the moment but I know a few guys like me taking the fall to stop guys that are genuinely abusing cortisone is not the answer.
So since my return from Italy, I will say it has been a pretty rough few weeks. I spent the first week more or less up in Holland with a cortisol specialist doing tests. I had to p*ss into containers for 48 hours straight. One day I had blood drawn at 4 different times…not an enjoyable experience! I also tried to kill another bird while I was up there, to see if the specialists could determine the cause of the “stitch” (ETAP) problem that is plaguing my career. I underwent a MRI but no luck yet (feel free to send me any ideas/solutions)
Anyway if you include the taper for the Giro, by the end of the first week post Giro flop I had had essentially 2 weeks without proper training. I got back to Girona at 1am and the next day started a 3 block of panic miles to try to hit my new goals. I racked up 19 hours in the saddle in 3 days with good company. I also bought an altitude tent in an effort not lose everything and then it was back to Holland for more tests. Next on the cards for me is the Tour of Belgium. Nothing like some cobbles and a few days lined out in the gutter to bring back the speed. I hope the work I have done is not lost. I'm still light. I'm still strong and I'm very motivated.
I consider myself an optimist, for better or worse. Until the point when I got on the plane back to Girona I even held a faint hope of starting the Giro. Leaving New Zealand at 18, thumbing my way around Europe to race and come up through the system on Swiss, French, Italian, American and Dutch teams, I think you grow up pretty fast. Facing something like this has a similar effect. The last few weeks have been some of the toughest for sure but in between feeling angry and deflated I've had a few patches of feeling really awesome thanks to the people around me. I've spent a lot of time in contact with my inner circle of friends, my family, teammates and staff, past and present. Also Directors of other teams rang to tell me that everyone in their camp was behind me and that they knew I had done nothing wrong. Not for one second did my team try and distance themselves from me or show any seeds of doubt. After many conference calls and meetings their only concerns were my mental health and getting the proof I needed to show the public. This has made me feel pretty lucky about the more important things in life. So to all those people...a big Thank-you. Of course not everyone was so supportive, I made the mistake of looking on the internet a few times. People are a lot braver behind a username on a computer. I've never had a lot of time for ignorance. The empty can rattles the most and uneducated people are quick to voice their opinions in public.
So what's next? All roads for 2015 had led to the Giro. I lived like a monk at the top of a mountain for 3 weeks in the build up and felt really strong. In one week up there I rode 30 hours, 20,000 vertical meters with effort sessions like I've never hit before. I'd shaken a kilo and mentally reached a new height. I won't say being locked up there is something I'm in a hurry to repeat but life goes on and I guess the option is to sink or swim. I have every intention to swim, even if at this moment it feels like it's against a strong current. However to continue with the ocean/swimming theme, tides can turn very fast.
So there's a quick insight into my nightmare. I'm sure there will still be people who have their minds set on the causes for my low cortisol. But I truly couldn't care for their opinions anymore. I hope we can all learn something from this…I sure have.
Peace,GB
Greek militants warn of new protests
Posted
Greek militants have warned of new protests after an attack on an Athens police station in the latest clashes over the police killing of a teenager.
About 100 protesters attacked a police station where two officers accused over the December 6 death of 15-year-old Alexis Grigoropoulos are based.
The police station is near the Exarchia district where the shooting took place and where Athens Polytechnic student protest leaders met on Sunday (local time) to plan new action.
Pamphlets announced rallies at the Athens police headquarters on Monday (local time) and at parliament square on Thursday, while students in Thessaloniki distributed manifestos via motorbike.
The new unrest erupted after vigils were held to mark the week since Alexis Grigoropoulos's death and triggered a wave of violence with banks targeted and a late-night standoff between riot police and youths outside parliament.
Greece's constitution bans police from entering educational establishments, a legacy of a crackdown on a 1973 student protest against the then military dictatorship in which 44 demonstrators were killed.
The week of protests has reignited radical groups against Greece's right-wing government.
A Sunday poll suggested most Greeks see the violent protests as a "popular uprising," not driven by "minority activists."
Of those questioned, 76 per cent were "dissatisfied" with the police response while just 20 per cent approved of Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis's handling.
-AFP
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, world-politics, greece
Sixteen people were shot in Chicago over a 12-hour period Monday, including two along a Safe Passage school route in the West Englewood neighborhood, according to authorities.
Five died in the shootings — from Cragin on the Northwest Side to Roseland on the Far South Side. Those shot ranged in age from 16 to 56. Several survivors were in critical condition.
The burst of shootings came after no one was reported shot in the city through most of the day Sunday into Monday morning.
• Two teens were shot, one fatally, in the 3000 block of South Kedvale about 5 p.m. in the Little Village neighborhood, police said. A 19-year-old died and a 16-year-old shot in the back was in stable condition at Mount Sinai Hospital, police said.
The older of the two shot affiliates with a gang in that area, and the shooting was tied to their gang affiliation, according to police. The shooter approached and fled on foot, police said. No one was in custody.
The Cook County medical examiner's office identified the man as David Martinez, of the 2700 block of South Komensky Avenue a few blocks from where they were killed.
Two hours after the shooting, the body of the 19-year-old man still lay partially covered by a sheet outside a two-story firehouse just north of 31st Street on Kedvale Avenue.
Amid the steady downpour, about half a dozen of the man's family walked swiftly toward the crime scene. They told the police the man's name and birth date, to which they gave a reluctant nod.
A woman who identified themselves as the victim's sister wailed to their mother.
"I should've kept them (mom)!" they said. "I'm so sorry, David!"
"Not David!" the mother yelled.
As the mother sat and sobbed under the awning of a building on the corner, the sister turned toward six men with hooded sweatshirts in front of a grocery store across the street.
"I hate every one of you (expletive) idiots," they said to silent stares. "I hate this (expletive) neighborhood!"
Valerie Lazo, 36, who lives a block away, saw the police presence and walked toward the scene, noticing the sneakers poking out of the sheet.
"I just came out because I was afraid to God that it was someone I know," Lazo said.
"It's very deceiving, but it's very gang-infested here. Lately it's been innocent bystanders. You don't have to be associated with them, just seen with them."
Lazo said the Latin Kings and Two-Six gangs have been contributing to much of the bloodshed in the neighborhood. Gang signs were apparent, drawn on mailboxes, written on store windows and etched in the sidewalk.
Brian Jackson / Chicago Tribune A Chicago police officer guards the crime scene where two people were shot along a Safe Passage route near Marquette Road and Damen Avenue on Jan. 25, 2016. A Chicago police officer guards the crime scene where two people were shot along a Safe Passage route near Marquette Road and Damen Avenue on Jan. 25, 2016. (Brian Jackson / Chicago Tribune) (Brian Jackson / Chicago Tribune)
Even for Lazo, who served eight years in the Marine Corps, including a tour in Iraq, the violence is disturbing.
"I think being here is worse than over there," Lazo said. "And that's sad."
• The two shot on the Safe Passage route were near Damen Avenue and Marquette Road when someone shot them about 9:20 a.m. Monday, police said. An 18-year-old was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn in serious condition with a gunshot wound to the face. A 20-year-old was shot in the abdomen and taken to Stroger Hospital, police said.
The older of the two shot later died. The Cook County medical examiner's office identified the man as Trevon Stiger, of the 2100 block of West 68th Place, about two blocks from where they were killed. They were pronounced dead almost 7 hours after the shooting.
The two were shot by someone who approached on foot and opened fire, police said.
Safe Passage routes are meant to help Chicago Public Schools students get to and from school. The route for O'Toole Elementary School runs from 65th Street to 66th Street on Seeley Avenue, east on 66th to Damen, from 66th to 71st Street along Damen, and on 71st between Hamilton and Wolcott avenues.
Harper High School, also in the area, has Safe Passage routes on 65th, 66th and Marquette that run from Wood Street west to Damen.
• At 9:30 p.m., a 40-year-old man was shot in the 5700 block of South Emerald Avenue, police said. They were in a parked vehicle when another vehicle pulled up and someone inside fired shots. The bullet went through their left thigh and into their right thigh. They went to Stroger Hospital, and their condition was stabilized.
• A 25-year-old man was shot in the 10600 block of South Sangamon Avenue about 8:25 p.m. They were shot in the back and pronounced dead. Police responded to a call of shots fired and found a man shot in a car that had crashed after its driver had been shot. They were pronounced dead at Roseland Hospital, police said. They were identified as Senclair Hill, of the 10700 block of South Church Street, half a mile from where they died.
• A 17-year-old boy was shot in the 8900 block of South Throop Street about 7:30 p.m. and taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in critical condition. They had been shot in the chest, back, chin and leg. Additional details about that shooting weren't immediately available. Police had said they were an adult and that the shooting occurred on Ada Street at 7:50 p.m.; that information was later corrected.
• A man, 39, was killed in a shooting in the 1000 block of East 100th Place about 4:40 p.m., police said. They were taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center with a gunshot wound to the stomach. They were later pronounced dead there. Police said the shooting may be related to drug sales. The Cook County medical examiner's office is withholding the man's name pending notification of their closest living relatives.
• A 26-year-old man in a car with two others was shot by someone on the street about 3:25 p.m., according to police. That shooting happened near 95th and LaSalle streets, police said. They were driven to St. Bernard Hospital and Healthcare Center before being transferred to Stroger Hospital with a gunshot wound to the head. He's in serious condition, police said.
• A 22-year-old man was shot in the foot in the Roseland neighborhood about 2:45 p.m. They were shot in the 10600 block of South Cottage Grove Avenue about 2:41 p.m. and drove themselves to Roseland Hospital, police said.
• A shooting wounded two men on the Northwest Side. They drove to Community First Medical Center after getting shot near Diversey and Long avenues in the Cragin neighborhood about 2 p.m. A 19-year-old was shot in the shoulder and arm, and an 18-year-old was shot in the shoulder, police said. Both were stable.
• A 28-year-old man was shot in the 1400 block of North Fairfield Avenue in the Humboldt Park neighborhood about 1:15 p.m. They ran to the 2600 block of West Potomac Avenue and was taken to Stroger Hospital in stable condition, police said.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
SECRETS are as old as states, and so are enemies', critics' and busybodies' efforts to uncover them. But the impact and scale of the latest disclosures by WikiLeaks, a secretive and autocratic outfit that campaigns for openness, are on a new level. A disillusioned 23-year-old American official, Bradley Manning, downloaded from a supposedly secure government network more than 250,000 diplomatic “cables”: in effect, government e-mails. They ranged from the almost-public to those classified “secret”. They gave them to WikiLeaks, which has provided them to international news outlets, including Germany's Der Spiegel, El País in Spain and Britain's Guardian (which, in turn, passed them to the New York Times).
The first slivers started appearing on November 29th. They range (see article) from the explosive to the ho-hum. Diplomats being instructed to act like spies, snooping on Ban Ki-moon and filching the frequent-flyer and credit-card details of other senior UN officials, sounds like a scandal. So is the “shadowy” Russian-speaking intermediary ferrying lavish gifts between Vladimir Putin and Silvio Berlusconi. But solemnly recording that the Russian prime minister is the real power in their country, or that the Italian leader enjoys hard partying, or that France's Nicolas Sarkozy is vain and mercurial, seems a waste of taxpayers' electrons.
For the most part, the leaks' content is less important than their source, and the manner of the betrayal. Individually, the disclosures are trivial: some would be barely newsworthy if published legally. But collectively, they are corrosive. America appears humiliatingly unable to keep its own or other people's secrets. A good example of this is a cable about a firm supposedly involved in breaking arms sanctions on Iran. Marked “secret” and for American eyes only, it contains some spicy details gained from a “well-connected business person”. To establish that source's credentials, the cable's author lists their family connections (Iran), their place of business (Baku), their education (British), and their distinctive sporting career. The name is not given, but could easily be deduced. Next time they are asked to share their expert insights on a matter of huge importance to America's government, they may be less helpful.
That kind of casual damage to bystanders sits oddly with the founding mission of WikiLeaks, as outlined in 2007: “Our primary interest is in exposing oppressive regimes in Asia, the former Soviet bloc, sub-Saharan Africa and the Middle East, but we also expect to be of assistance to people of all regions who wish to reveal unethical behaviour in their governments and corporations.” Early targets included high-level corruption in Kenya; alleged illegal activities in an offshore operation of the Swiss-based bank Julius Baer; the American prison camp at Guantánamo Bay; Scientology's beliefs and practices; Sarah Palin's personal e-mail account; the membership list of the far-right British National Party; and a toxic-waste scandal in Africa. Cheekily, WikiLeaks also published classified Pentagon and British military documents about the damage leaks can do to national security.
Oddly, that material has now disappeared from its website. But the worries were prescient. This year WikiLeaks has focused almost exclusively on American government secrets, using material apparently leaked by Mr Manning.
In April it released footage showing an attack in Iraq in 2007 in which an American helicopter killed two Reuters staff and a dozen bystanders, apparently mistaking camera equipment for weapons. In July it gave media outlets 90,000-plus documents about the war in Afghanistan. These included details of botched operations. Critics said (but have not proved) that they endangered intelligence sources too. The Taliban said that it was cross-referencing the material against its hit-list.
The next leak, in October, was even bigger: nearly 400,000 documents relating to the Iraq war. WikiLeaks said they showed that American and allied forces there had colluded in (or at least not stopped) the torture of Iraqis by the local authorities.
The mass leaks of terse, jargon-ridden fragments of reporting from the battlefield form a mostly confusing mosaic. The diplomatic cables, professionally drafted by ambitious officials eager to display their sharp minds and silver pens, are more compelling and revealing.
It would be an exaggeration to say that diplomacy will never be the same again. Self-interest means that countries will still send and receive private messages. But communication will be more difficult. The trading of opinions, insights and favours necessarily requires shadow, not light. Unofficial contacts such as business people, journalists, campaigners and other citizens who talk to American diplomats, out of goodwill or self-interest, will think twice about doing so. Being tarred as an American crony can be lethal.
What is said will be less clear and interesting. Principals will use go-betweens rather than talking directly. Clear private speech will give way to euphemisms suitable for public consumption. (Journalism provides a few: “convivial” for “drunk”; “unconventional” for “mad”.) All that will make communication more difficult.
Officials find it hard to get a grip on this. Julian Assange, WikiLeaks' editor-in-chief, claims to be acting responsibly: they wrote to the American embassy in London offering officials a chance to “nominate” details that should be withheld for security or other reasons. They declined. (Officials say that by highlighting particularly damaging bits, they would implicitly concede that other material is harmless.)
Mr Assange replied from an Olympian height. “You have chosen to respond in a manner which leads me to conclude that the supposed risks are entirely fanciful and you are instead concerned to suppress evidence of human-rights abuse and other criminal behaviour.” The editor of the New York Times says they cut some names and other details after talking to officials.
Negotiating with WikiLeaks is hard. But so is punishing it. Mr Assange sees their “megaleaks” as part of a global war against corporate and government misdeeds (loosely defined as anything between hypocrisy and war crimes). That messianic mission attracts cult-like support, from idealists to America-bashers, including conspiracy nuts and those for whom using cryptography to outwit authority is an end in itself.
The result is an elusive virtual foe, with many friends but no headquarters to raid or property to seize. WikiLeaks gets by on an annual $200,000, though it pleads poverty (that may account for the disappearance of some previously leaked documents; another explanation may be Mr Assange's shambolic and headstrong management style). Its strongest point is its data, swirling round the internet in heavily encrypted (and largely invisible) form, and stored under legal regimes that protect journalists, whistle-blowers and anything that resembles them.
WikiLeaks' most vulnerable point is people. Mr Manning faces a court martial and 52 years in jail if convicted. Mr Assange is in hiding, possibly in Dubai or near London. The authorities in their native Australia have denounced them and say they may face criminal charges if they return.  They are now on Interpol's most-wanted list. After a recent stay in Sweden they face several charges of sexual assault, which they deny. Sweden has now put out an arrest warrant for him. Their supporters scent a set-up. Sceptics point out that Swedish justice (crime novels aside) is not generally known for scheming ferocity, or for the permanent silencing of America's foes.
Clearly, anyone who protects WikiLeaks or Mr Assange (Ecuador has offered them unconditional asylum) faces American wrath. After its servers came under heavy cyber-attack this week, it rented space from Amazon. But the online retailer promptly chucked it off, making the WikiLeaks sites mostly, if temporarily, unavailable. The White House wants criminal sanctions to stop Mr Assange, and changes in the law if necessary. Some Republicans want Mr Assange killed; others want them tried as a spy. Mrs Clinton said the government was “taking aggressive steps to hold responsible those who stole this information”. (Wags say that, on the contrary, it is WikiLeaks that is holding them to account.)
One way or another, America may be able to swat WikiLeaks. This week's cyber-attacks were a start. But those will be just one battle in a long war. Preventing the publication of the cache of cables looks hopeless. Journalists are relishing the chance to print, with clear sourcing, the sort of thing they are normally told only in off-the-record briefings. That will keep America on the defensive for weeks and maybe months, as intimate and damaging details of its diplomacy dribble out into the public domain. The Guardian's David Leigh says the revelations have “barely started”. Officials can fulminate or brazen it out, arguing by turns that the material involved is trivial or deeply damaging. But WikiLeaks and its media allies control completely the timing, quality and quantity of information released.
In the longer term the odds are stacked against secrecy, particularly in countries that practise openness in other areas. One reason is that though individual jurisdictions often prevent a specific libel, privacy breach or copyright infringement, a story with a global reach will get out somewhere. Short of imposing Chinese-style firewalls and censorship, free countries cannot consistently stop their citizens finding out what their enemies tell them, including tales of the shadowy, sordid or sensational deeds done in their names.
Purloining secret documents is an old business. But technology has hugely increased the ease and potential quantity of theft and the ubiquity of publication. Thirty years ago, stealing a single classified document meant using a miniature camera; passing it on required a dead letter box. Now a spy, traitor or whistle-blower can put gigabytes of data on a fingernail-sized card and pass them on anonymously, irretrievably and all but instantly.
Compounding that vulnerability is America's need to share colossal amounts of data across a sprawling government machine. Critics flayed officials for their failure to do that before September 11th 2001: they had enough information to foil the attackers, but did not piece it together. But the solution to that problem created another: access to the network by hundreds of thousands of people. Some 900,000 have “secret” clearance, including Bradley Manning. They downloaded the data onto a CD, which they brought to work in order, purportedly, to listen to music by Lady Gaga. America says it has now tightened the rules on downloading material onto portable storage media, to make such a breach impossible in future. Officials insist that other networks, for top-secret, military and intelligence material, are intact. You could forgive people for doubting that.
If WikiLeaks' aim is to change the world, it has probably succeeded in part. As Mr Manning bragged:
Hillary Clinton and several thousand diplomats around the world are going to have a heart attack when they wake up one morning and find an entire repository of classified foreign policy is available, in searchable format, to the public…Everywhere there's a US post, there's a diplomatic scandal that will be revealed…It's beautiful, and horrifying.
Some may welcome that. But not all.
Colleen Schmidt, CTV Calgary
Calgary's top dog is on top of the world and was awarded the 2014 World Mayor Prize on Monday in recognition of their honest and open governance and service to the community.
The World Mayor Prize has been handed out by World Mayor since 2004 and was established to bring awareness to the work city leaders do and to commend them for their accomplishments.
The World Mayor Project invites participants to nominate city leaders who best demonstrate:
Honest and open governance
Leadership and vision
Management abilities
Financial acumen
Social and economic awareness
The ability to provide security and to protect the environment
To displaying the will and ability to foster tolerance and amity among communities of different cultural, racial and social backgrounds
Tann vom Hove, Senior Fellow of The City Mayors Foundation , says Nenshi has become the most admired mayor of any large Canadian city.
“He is an urban visionary who doesn't neglect the nitty-gritty of local government. For many in North America and indeed Europe, Mayor Nenshi is a role model for decisive management, inclusivity and forward thinking,” said Hove in a statement on Monday.
“I understand that there were scores of people, Calgarians and Canadians, who wrote in letters of recommendation, who wrote in their own comments, who wrote in nominations and to me that's very humbling. It's very kind of people to take that time because these were not short comments that people wrote in and clearly that made a big difference to the jury so thank you to all of those folks,” said Mayor Nenshi.
The mayor says the honour is also great for the city.
“I think it gives us a lot of great visibility. It gives us the opportunity to talk about what we're doing here in Calgary on a national and international stage, which is always important for us, particularly in these tough economic times so I'm looking forward to using the platform as best as I can and I just want to say thanks to all of the other mayors who always do great work for their cities as well,” they said.
Nenshi was singled out for theirs for decisive management, inclusivity and forward planning. They were also recognized for their leadership during the floods of 2013 and the power outage that crippled a large part of the downtown last year.
Well, that's a pretty nice (and shocking) birthday present! Thanks to all who nominated me! http://t.co/MIkbkbIOsa. — Naheed Nenshi (@nenshi) February 2, 2015
The top 10 Mayors of World Mayor 2014 Prize
Rank Mayor City Country 1 Naheed Nenshi Calgary Canada 2 Daniël Termont Ghent Belgium 3 Tri Rismaharini Surabaya Indonesia 4 Carlos Ocariz Sucre Venezuela 5 Jed Patrick Mabilog Iloilo City Philippines 6 Albrecht Schröter Jena Germany 7 Annise Parker Houston USA 8 Yiannis Boutaris Thessaloniki Greece 9 Giusy Nicolini Lampedusa Italy 10 Aziz Kocaoglu Izmir Turkey
The World Mayor Prize trophy will be presented to Mayor Nenshi later in the year.
For more information on the 2014 World Mayor Prize, click HERE
What we're reading while the whole "Serial" thing keeps on being crazy. Submit links via Twitter.
The best thing about getting ever deeper into conference season? Why, John Gasaway's Tuesday Truths, of course! This week's edition includes great stuff on North Carolina's emerging two-way excellence, how Texas' defense might be the best unit in the Big 12, the fascinating case of a 10-7 Florida team that might be the second-best team in the SEC and much more. But most interesting is John's section on Indiana, which is 4-1 in the Big Ten despite being slightly outscored by its Big Ten opponents overall: "Tom Crean's men rejoined the top 25 this week after winning by three at home against Penn State and by six on the road at Illinois. At 4-1, IU has the same record in conference play as Wisconsin or Iowa, but, as seen here, the Hoosiers have also scored fewer points than their Big Ten opponents to this early point in the season. The pollsters may well turn out to be correct, and we may indeed be seeing Indiana at low-Tuesday-Truths-tide right here. This is a group that's shot just 32 percent on its threes against conference opponents, and that feels awfully low for the likes of James Blackmon (who's shooting 42 percent from out there for the season), Yogi Ferrell (38 percent), Robert Johnson (40), and the increasingly Jordan Hulls-like Nick Zeisloft (also 40). Stick the blossoming Troy Williams in the middle of all those shooters and you can make a case that the skilled and well-spaced Indiana offense is now more Michigan than Michigan."
Speaking of Indiana, WDRB's Rick Bozich comes out swinging in favor of Crean, whom Bozich believes has been unfairly targeted by the media -- from rumors about their job status to ESPN.com's top 50 coaches list over the summer -- despite a largely successful tenure (and 2014-15 season): "Here is the story the speculators are missing: Crean, their coaching staff and players have delivered a poised and persistent effort this season, winning 14 of 18 games. They have done good work. It's not that hard to see -- or write. They've won three Big Ten games they were not favored or projected to win. They've won three games against Top 25 opponents -- and lost two. The other 13 Big Ten teams have combined to go 4-26 against Top 25 opponents, according to ESPN.com. I am awaiting confirmation that coaching had anything to do with this."
On Monday, the Associated Press Top 25 poll included three teams -- Iowa State, Northern Iowa, and Iowa -- from the state of Iowa for the first time in the history of the poll. Yahoo!'s Jeff Eisenberg examined the hoops culture in my home state Tuesday, a few hours before the newly ranked Hawkeyes travel to Madison, Wisconsin, for an uphill climb against No. 6-ranked Wisconsin.
"When you look at the best days of your life, you probably include your birth, marriage, and birth of your children along with a few other days. For me, this was one of those days." Needless to say, Georgetown fans are pretty stoked about Monday night's 78-58 rout of Villanova.
Is Jeb Bush's long-suffering bid for the White House finally imploding? A bevy of national polls suggest that Bush is out of the running and should probably quit. But rather than concede, the former two-term governor is digging in their heels. Last week, Bush's Super PAC, Right to Rise, launched a vitriolic over-the-top ad campaign against their one-time protégé Marco Rubio. The ads found fault with Rubio's work ethic, their flip-flopping, their financial woes, and even their new black boots. GOP elders, who are hoping that Rubio can stop Trump, weren't amused, and rebuked Bush publicly. But the next day, Bush was at it again, suggesting that Rubio, who stands 5'10”, had bought the black boots just to look taller. “I don't have a “height issue.” the 6'3” Bush declared.
That's not what the polls say. In recent weeks, Rubio has surged into mid double-digits nationally giving them sole possession of third place, while in New Hampshire Rubio has climbed to second place, and in Iowa, third place. How has Bush done by comparison? He's still in low single-digits virtually everywhere. Not even the withdrawal of Scott Walker, Rick Perry, Bobby Jindal or Lindsay Graham – to say nothing of a half dozen, often listless debate performances by the candidate themselves — has allowed Bush to raise their standing with voters.
Analysts have various theories as to why Bush has nosedived. There's the Bush name, of course, and the albatross of the Iraq War, massive government deficits, and the financial collapse under their brother George W. But that hardly explains why Jeb emerged as the presumptive GOP front-runner to begin with. In fact, opinion polls show that the public's view of Dubya has grown increasingly favorable over the years, and of course, many still remember Jeb's father, who surged to a 90 percent approval rating after Desert Storm, rather fondly.
Some say Bush is too identified with the “establishment,” but Jeb isn't really a part of the “establishment” that voters say annoys them the most — the “Washington establishment.” Several other candidates, including Rubio, are. Bush has been out of office – and active politics — for nearly a decade. He's certainly far less implicated in today's hyper-partisan, legislative gridlock than Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who proudly touts their twenty years in Congress and is even more moderate on the issues. Yet Bush still trails Kasich badly in NH, and has only a marginal advantage nationally.
There's a much simpler explanation: Jeb, for all the hype, is a terrible candidate. Trump's depiction of Bush as “low-energy,” though nasty, did seem to resonate. Kasich is more moderate that Bush but is also angrier and more irascible, however annoyingly so. They don't lack for passion. Bush does. When they try to take on Trump, they come off like a scold. Some of their attacks on Trump have hit home, but they hardly sound like a statesman. There just isn't a lot of there there.
Ironically, Bush does have a pretty stellar record in Florida — but that's also part of their problem. Every time they extol “what we got done in Tallahassee,” you're reminded of a small-town office-holder, a mayor perhaps – not a steely Commander-in-Chief who would stare down Russia's Putin or Syria's Assad. Many GOP voters probably don't even know where Tallahassee is, unless Bush, citing Florida and its importance to the GOP as the pre-eminent battleground state makes a case that they can win there – and in Ohio, too. This was the Bush son that was supposedly “destined” for the presidency. In fact, the man has a tin ear for national campaign politics.
Many GOP voters have already made up their mind about Jeb – their net favorability ratings are among the lowest in the field. And yet given the complicated end-game of the GOP race – and the enormous amount of money still in their war chest — one can't completely dismiss the idea that Jeb, however vaguely and improbably at this point, is still somehow “in play.” Their brief surge into second place in NH two weeks ago seemed to vindicate their decision to adopt a more deliberate grassroots approach — relying heavily on town halls, for example, a forum that showcases their reasoned and “wonkish” style. But the surge proved fleeting, and now donors, who threatened to abandon them over a month ago, are restless again.
If Bush can somehow make it to the top four in Iowa and move up in NH, ahead of Cruz, who has no chances there, they may still have a shot at a decent showing in SC – but only if they capture the endorsements of Nikki Haley and Tim Scott (Graham just endorsed him). From there, he'd go all out in Florida, where a massive television “air war” that only they and Trump can afford has been known to make a difference. But if they fail to the best Rubio, the Sunshine State's other Native Son, he'd be hard-pressed to keep going. And in the interim they would already have damaged the party's chances of stopping Trump.
A better man might fall on their sword now – rather than soldiering on in search of their lost dignity. But an even better man might not have run to begin with.
MUMBAI: Customs officials arrested a woman passenger who had concealed 2.14 kg gold jewellery in their underwear at the international airport on Friday. They had worn six pairs of underwear to hide the gold valued at Rs 54.2 lakh.The passenger, Jama Dabir, a Kenyan national arrived from Nairobi and was stopped by the customs on suspicion. "We do passenger profiling based on certain parameters and picked on them Our lady officers noticed that they were finding it difficult to walk indicating something amiss," an official said.Dabir had wrapped the gold jewellery in a plastic bag and concealed it between legs. "The six sets of underwear provided support to jewellery," the official added. This was Dabir's third visit to India and they were supposed to hand over the jewellery to someone. Customs officials said they believe they had smuggled in gold during their previous visits too. "She has not admitted to it," the official said.Dabir had planned to buy expensive embroidered garments from the sale proceeds and sell in their hometown. Dabir was released on bail of Rs 1 lakh and officials have seized their passport. They will have to face a criminal trial and the department will also issue a show cause notice for smuggling gold. They will end up paying duty evaded, penalty and fine.In August last, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence had arrested Vihari Poddar after they smuggled in diamond jewellery worth Rs 2.45 crore in their inner wear. They owned a jewellery firm in Singapore and was smuggling in the diamonds to be sold through the shops owned by their uncle here.
Signage at the entry of the Kennesaw, Georgia, FedEx warehouse where a gunman went on an April 29th rampage clearly indicates no guns are allowed in the building.
In other words, the FedEx warehouse joins a growing and infamous list of “gun-free zones” that have proved to be target-rich environments for men determined to carry out heinous acts.
GunsSaveLives.net acquired a photo, originally published by the Atlanta Journal-Constitution Twitter account, of the sign which bans guns and appears to ban knives as well.
Ironically, the Associated Press reports the FedEx gunman also “held a knife” during the early stages of their attack, so that ban was not effective either.
If you consider the heinous attacks at Ft. Hood (2009), the Aurora movie theater, Lone Star College, Sandy Hook Elementary, Santa Monica College, the DC Navy Yard, and Ft. Hood (2014), to name but a few, the types of gun used were extremely disparate. The common thread in all these heinous acts is that they took place in locations where the gunman knew their victims would not be armed.
Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Photo Credit: Bill Streicher/USA TODAY Sports
The Vancouver Canucks wrapped up their 2015 Young Stars tournament on a positive note on Monday with a 3-2 overtime win over the Calgary Flames.
Vancouver's 2-1 record for the weekend is solid enough, but the tournament is more useful for evaluating individual players than for analyzing systems or special teams.
Success at this tournament means very different things for different players, depending on where they're at in their development. Bearing that in mind, here's a look at the winners and losers of Young Stars weekend.
Winner: Jake Virtanen
Vancouver's first-round pick from the 2014 Entry Draft, 19-year-old Jake Virtanen was the Canucks' MVP in Penticton.
Two big moments stood out. First, Virtanen generated the buzziest incident of the weekend when they levelled the Edmonton Oilers' Connor McDavid on their second shift of the first game.
On Monday, Virtanen gave fans a taste of the thrills to come with 3-on-3 overtime with their slick game-winner over Calgary. The breakaway goal was Virtanen's only point of the tournament, but it was timely and beautifully-executed.
Virtanen is nearly as entertaining off the ice as they are when he's playing. He's candid and insightful in interviews, offering up quality analysis that will make them a go-to option for media members in search of a tasty quote.
At 19, Virtanen's not old enough to join the Utica Comets of the AHL this season. The feisty power forward looks determined to crack the Canucks lineup rather than find themselves back with the Calgary Hitmen for another season of junior hockey.
Loser: Hunter Shinkaruk
Their NHL window isn't closed, but Hunter Shinkaruk is in danger of becoming a forgotten man among Vancouver's top prospects.
Shinkaruk got better as the weekend went along in Penticton. After a rough outing in the 8-2 loss to Edmonton on Friday, they tallied an empty net goal in Vancouver's 4-1 win over the Winnipeg Jets on Sunday and collected five shots on goal against Calgary on Monday.
After oozing confidence when they arrived as a 24th-overall draft pick at in their first Young Stars tournament in 2013, the soon-to-be 21-year-old Shinkaruk didn't show the same brash swagger this year.
Unless they pick up their game significantly at training camp, he'll be riding the buses for a second full season as a member of the Utica Comets.
Winner: Brendan Gaunce
This year's tournament was a coming-out party for centre-turned-left wing Brendan Gaunce. The bruising 21-year-old got a free pass against Calgary after tallying a goal and two assists in Vancouver's first two games to lead the team in scoring.
Jim Benning just told the media that Brendan Gaunce got the night off as “a reward” for their play in the 1st 2 games of the tournament. — Thomas Drance (@ThomasDrance) September 15, 2015
Criticized in the past for their skating, Gaunce's game has evolved over the course of last season in Utica. The 26th-overall pick from the 2012 Entry Draft became a valuable role-player during the run up to the Calder Cup Final and they look like they have brought that newfound confidence to camp this season.
Loser: Cole Cassels
It's all relative. Cole Cassels wasn't bad in Penticton, but they were pointless in three games and didn't cause tremors like they did through last year's OHL playoffs and Memorial Cup run with the Oshawa Generals.
Cassels drew the shutdown assignment against Connor McDavid in last spring's OHL final—and triumphed, setting the stage for a rivalry that may endure for years to come when the Canucks and Oilers face off against each other.
After Oshawa's Memorial Cup win, it was revealed that Cassels had been suffering from an abdominal injury for most of the season, which they chose to rehab without surgery during the summer.
Cassels' two-way play in Penticton has been solid, but they didn't generate any highlight-reel moments that would fast-track them onto the Canucks this season instead of taking a learning role with the Comets.
Management is leaving the door open for Cassels to make an impact:
Asked if any young players aside from Jake Virtanen might challenge for roster spots at main camp, Benning singled out Cassels and McCann. — Thomas Drance (@ThomasDrance) September 15, 2015
Cassels will need to take their game up another notch against the NHL pros if they want a shot at stealing the Canucks' fourth-line centre job this season.
Winner: Mackenze Stewart
Mackenze Stewart's a dark-horse prospect that the Canucks hope to turn into a fourth-line enforcer. Chosen 186th by the Canucks in the 2014 draft, they were signed to a contract back in May and is being converted from a defenseman into a left winger.
Stewart played their role to perfection in Penticton, finishing with a tournament-leading 24 minutes in penalties thanks to memorable fights against a familiar WHL foe in Mitch Moroz of Edmonton, and Hunter Smith of Calgary.
A long shot to ever suit up in the NHL when they were drafted, the 6'3″, 216-pound Stewart used their opportunity in Penticton to show good timing, willingness to stick up for their teammates and the ability to hold their own when they drop the gloves.
Though fighting is on the decline at the NHL level, Stewart showed he's ready to scrap for a job, old-school style.
Loser: Clay Witt
Fresh out of college and ticketed for the minor leagues, goaltender Clay Witt wrapped up Young Stars with the tournament's worst record: a 5.85 goals-against average and .816 save percentage in 92:23 of action.
Witt had the misfortune of being named to start Vancouver's first game of the tournament, a poor team effort that turned into an 8-2 loss to Edmonton. They acquitted themselves much better with a more organized team in front of him, giving up just one goal on 14 shots during half a game of action against Calgary.
Already 24 after spending five years in college, Witt has been signed to an AHL contract by the Comets and is expected to compete for a job against Richard Bachman and Joe Cannata. Their performance in Penticton didn't help their case, especially when the tournament's best goaltender was Vancouver's Jackson Whistle, an undrafted 20-year-old who backstopped the Kelowna Rockets to the Memorial Cup final last spring.
There are some changes in League of Legends roster of "sharks". Edward "Edward" Abgaryan will be replacing Roman "WildHeart" Maximchyuk that used to play as a support on this LCL split. Edward used to play in such legendary teams as Moscow Five and Gambit Gaming. Among their achievements you can see victories on the tournaments like IEM, ESL Major Series and so on. They also spend their spring split in Roccat team that took part in LCS Europe.
That's how Vega.LoL coach Alexey "Sharkz" Taranda commented on such a change:
- Unfortunately we had to part or ways with Wildheart. Roman spent a whole split with us and their impact on our place is huge, and we're thankful for that. We're hoping that he'll find a team that deserves them and will continue their professional player career. We replaced them with Edward who is famous to CIS LoL community. We're sure that their leadership mixed with huge experience will bring us to new heights!
That's what Edward had to say about it.:
- Hello to Vega and my own fans. I know that most of you would be happy to see me playing on LCS, but it's impossible due to visa problems. America didn't really work for me because I didn't recieve an invite by LCS and I'm not really ready to play Challenger series. Right now my aim is to reach world finals.
So, I decided to play in Wildcard region now (much better than playing and streaming). I had a couple offers from Brazil, Turkey and Russia.
What goes to salaries, CIS region was the least attractive, but I wanted to play in a russian-speaking team, and Vega gave me an opportunity! I've known a couple guys from this team for quite a while and I used to play with some of them back in 2010-2011. And I'm ready to do my best for us to look as a good team.
That's it, guys. I hope you respect my opinion and will support me and my team!
A Spanish Imam has been documented in an anti-Semitic rant in which they called the Jewish people treacherous, war-mongering killers and prayed for God to “destroy the plundering Jews… do not spare a single one of them.”
In a Friday sermon posted to the internet this week and translated by the Middle East Media Research Institute, Sheik Saleheoldine al-Moussaoui of the municipality of Azuqueca De Henares, near Madrid, says: “What is being done to the Muslims in Palestine, in Gaza, as well as in the other Muslim countries — we would have been surprised if it were done by anyone other than the Jews.”
“The Jews are by nature treacherous and war-mongering,” they tell followers. “The Jews and the Zionists have treachery and killing as their way of life. They are a people of enmity and jealousy, the masters of treachery and betrayal.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Al-Moussaoui says the Jews were described by Allah in the Quran as spreaders of corruption, adding that “the Zionists do not feel alive if they don't spread corruption.”
They go on to blame the Jews for killing God's prophets, in likely reference to Jesus Christ, and says torments of fire await them.
“Oh Allah, destroy the plundering Jews,” they say. “Oh Allah, the Most Merciful, count them one by one, and do not spare a single one of them.”
Finance reports show Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton's campaign owes about $2.5 million to Mark J. Penn, who quit as chief strategist after embarrassing the campaign and leaving a leadership shake-up in their wake.
The debt persists despite more than $3 million in payments to Mr. Penn's polling firm in February, according to monthly campaign-finance reports filed with the Federal Election Commission.
Mr. Penn, who has long been a source of internal strife at the campaign, stepped down Sunday after revelations they worked to promote a trade deal opposed by the senator from New York.
The money they are owed is just a slice of the campaign's $8.7 million in debts, according to finance reports filed last month.
The campaign, which pays Mr. Penn through their business, Penn, Schoen & Berland Associates, doled out at least $10 million to the firm since the race started last year. Mr. Penn will continue to collect paychecks — and payments on the debt — as an adviser and pollster for Mrs. Clinton, the campaign said.
Clinton campaign pollster Geoff Garin and spokesperson Howard Wolfson took over the campaign's strategic message team, said campaign manager Maggie Williams.
Mr. Penn's exit rattled the campaign as Mrs. Clinton fights for a big win in Pennsylvania's April 22 primary, which they need to close the gap with rival Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois heading into the final stretch of the race for the Democratic presidential nomination.
The strategist's downfall began with a Wall Street Journal report Friday that Mr. Penn, who is chief executive of public relations heavyweight Burson-Marsteller, met with Colombian officials to advise the lobbying push for the Colombian free-trade agreement.
Mrs. Clinton, who is courting union voters with a protectionist platform, has called for a freeze on trade deals.
Mr. Penn called the Colombian meeting an “error in judgment,” but their apologies ultimately were not enough to satisfy the campaign.
The explanation by Mr. Penn also angered the Colombians, who fired Burson-Marsteller and said the comment showed a lock of respect for their country.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Baltimore Police have shot 10 people this year — eight of them fatally — leading some to question whether police are properly equipped to handle calls involving the mentally ill.
Only one of those shot was carrying a firearm, and several shooting incidents arose from calls to police about a disturbance involving someone with a mental illness. Relatives of some of those killed criticized police tactics, saying they shouldn't have lost loved ones after calling police to defuse situations that had ended peacefully in the past.
"They need better training with mental cases," said Candace Church, 29, whose brother David Yim was shot in April. "They're treating mental patients like criminals, and they're not criminals."
The most recent shooting occurred Saturday, when a 63-year-old man was killed by officers who had been called to the 1600 block of W. Lexington St. to investigate a 911 call for a burglary.
Neighbors and friends said the victim, Rudolph Bell, was a homeless veteran who had recently emerged from a Veterans Affairs program and was affectionately known around the neighborhood as "Mr. Rudy." But police said they attacked an officer with a knife or bottle, cutting the officer on the face and narrowly missing theirs eye.
The Police Department, which trains all new officers on how to deal with calls involving the mentally ill, has reinstated reviews of shootings to aid in training. Police said that most of the officers involved in shootings had not been authorized to carry Tasers, a less lethal option.
Still, Gene Ryan, the police union's vice president, said police often have little choice in such situations. In at least three of this year's shootings, the suspect had reached for an officer's gun, according to police. In another, police say a man drove a vehicle at a 61-year-old officer who worked as a court liaison.
"The suspects might not have had weapons, but there's always a weapon on scene once the officer is there, and if they get their hands on it, statistics show there's almost a 100 percent chance we're going to get shot," Ryan said. "When [the suspect] tries to pull the gun out of the holster, what do you do?"
The director of the city's mental health organization praised the Police Department's training effort and said services for the mentally ill are lacking.
"If we don't do a good job getting people into treatment and something bad happens, we look to the Police Department and ask why did this person get shot," said Jane Plapinger, the president and chief executive officer of Baltimore Mental Health Systems. "Maryland is one of the best, but we unfortunately have an underfunded public mental health system everywhere in this country."
The Behavioral Emergency Services Team, or B.E.S.T. training, was implemented in 2009 and teaches officers to de-escalate mental crises, minimize arrests, decrease officer injury and direct patients to the city's mental health crisis programs for help. It has become mandatory for recruits.
"The police have been such a steadfast partner — I don't know how many [other] police departments are devoting four full days to this kind of training," Plapinger said.
A. Dwight Pettit, an attorney who has represented the families of many police shooting victims, said the way police handle everyday interactions with citizens — not just incidents that end in shootings — has created a "volcano" of discontent in downtrodden neighborhoods that is heightened after a shooting.
At least three of the people shot by police this year were not reported to have had any weapon at all. Five were reported to have had a knife or "edged object," while one drove at an officer. Only Devonte Bowman, 31, who was fatally shot July 14 in Northwest Baltimore, was reported to have had a gun.
Yim's relatives have twice protested outside City Hall, saying the shooting in the 1200 block of Oakhurst Place was unnecessary. Though police say two large knives were recovered from the scene of the shooting, the officer who fired at Yim was seated in their patrol cruiser at the time, and police said Yim approached from the passenger side of the vehicle.
Yim's family says they are paralyzed on one side of their body and moves slowly, and they can't understand how the shooting could be justified. Yim has not been charged with a crime and the investigation remains open.
"I want justice for my son," said Yim's mother, Janice Thompthin. "There's no way in hell that [the officer] should be working or on administrative leave receiving pay. If this was vice versa, we would be locked up."
Marcella Holloman said their son, Maurice Johnson, took medication for bipolar disorder but hadn't had an episode in several years. Family members called police May 19 after Johnson got upset at a children's birthday party at their Northeast Baltimore home and began throwing things. They watched as police fatally shot them during a struggle that sent an officer crashing through a glass table.
"My son has no reason to be dead," said Holloman, who said their son was their best friend and helped them pay the family bills.
Charles Joe Key, a retired city officer who wrote the agency's rules on use of force and often is called to testify in court about them, said officers are justified under the law to shoot someone posing a threat.
"If someone in your family is mentally disturbed or off their meds, and the cops show up, you have to understand that the cops are not psychologists or psychiatrists," they said. "They'll try to deal with them as gently as they can, but if it gets to the point that they believe someone's life is in jeopardy, they're going to use lethal force.
"People watch movies and think, 'Well, the cop should have or could have done something else,' or, 'The guy is only using their fist and the cop has a gun, so that's not fair.' Cops are ordinary people. They're not Steven Seagal."
Police have been more regularly conducting "after action" reviews, acting on recommendations from a panel that reviewed the fatal police-involved shooting that killed Officer William H. Torbit Jr. last year.
Though officials said there have not been any major training issues that stuck out from this year's shooting incidents, Col. Garnell Green, the commander of the homicide section that investigates police-involved shootings, said in an interview last month that only one of the officers involved in a 2012 shooting at that point had training to carry a Taser.
Back in September, the DC Council's Transportation & the Environment Committee held a hearing on the Transportation Benefit Equity Amendment Act of 2017.
this bill requires certain employers to provide alternate transit benefits (such as access to a commuter highway vehicle, transit, or bicycling benefits) in an amount equal to that of the market value of employer's currently offered parking benefit. Covered employers may opt out of compliance by paying a monthly fee for each employee who is offered parking benefits. The bill also establishes a Fund, the Transpiration Demand Management Fund.
This is basically a parking cash out bill. It would encourage more people to bike, walk and take transit by putting money in the pocket of those who do so. (It would also likely add to DC's tax revenue as any money paid to pedestrians, and most of what went to cyclists, would be taxable). This has been tried in California, on a much more limited scale, and it was found to decrease single occupancy vehicle commutes by 10-12%. There's reason to believe that because DC is so much more transit, bike and walk conducive that it would cause an even larger shift.
A few years ago, when I was first chair of the legislative committee of the BAC, we made a list of all the legislation that we would change if we could. Then we ranked it all on two axes. One was importance and the other was viability. This ranked high on the importance - in that it would have a large impact - but low on the viability side because we didn't think it could garner Council support (same as we felt about the Contributory negligence fix). So I'm pleasantly surprised to see the bill proposed and supported. And even more pleased to see that t's not just supported by some council members, but at the hearing it was supported by most of the people who testified.
The support came from transportation and environmental advocacy organizations as well as at least one ANC and several citizens. WABA, the DC BAC and PAC, the Coalition for Smarter Growth, ANC4C and the US Green Building Council all strongly supported it because of the way it would encourage more walking, biking and transit use. During WABA's testimony, Greg Billing testified that the bill wouldn't cost any business any money - which was a theme and source of discussion throughout the hearing. CM Mary Cheh pushed back, asserting that that wasn't true; but Billing responded that the pay out was optional, in that a business was not required to offer anyone any benefit. This point was echoed by CM Charles Allen, who sponsored the bill and noted that the bill doesn't mandate a benefit. It mandates that when one is offered, that it be equitable.
Giving commuters more choice in how to get to work has shown to decrease the number of drive-alone commutes by 10-12%, reduce traffic, improve air quality, and promote health and well-being.
Opposition came from two sources. Business organizations opposed it because it would increase the cost of doing business; and social justice organizations thought that most of the benefits would go to rich people who can afford to live close to work. Two positions that seem to be a little bit in contrast to one another.
Will Handsfiled testified on behalf of the Georgetown BID and argued that it would create new regulatory and compliance burdens adding additional expense to businesses. They stated that the BID supported the goals, but that DC had not exhausted all of its other options for increasing transit and active transportation use. They also said that a better policy would be to get the federal government to end the policy of making parking benefits tax free. DC should do more and the federal government should reconsider the tax-free status of parking benefits by either lowering the maximum or getting rid of it altogether. But, neither of those things is really an argument against the cash out. There probably is an added regulatory burden, but from DC's perspective, it is probably worth it.
The DC Chamber of Commerce made a similar argument to the BID's but then added some new ones.
They were concerned that some businesses would be burdened with fines, which I'm not too sympathetic with. I prefer it when auditors and enforcers work with out-of-compliance businesses to come into compliance before resorting to fines, but opposing a rule because some of your members will break it is not going to win a lot of supporters.
They tried to argue that it is redundant since the Sustainable DC Act of 2014, and the current state of transit parity in federal parking and transit benefits, already achieve these goals. But neither of those deals with bringing similar benefits to biking and walking.
They argued that it micromanages relationship between employers and employees and takes away employer choice. This is basically saying that this regulation is a regulation. I mean that's what regulations do.
They argued that it harms those who have already signed leases, but CM Allen said that the law specifically has a carve out for existing leases.
Somehow they argue that it will have a disproportional impact on diverse businesses, small businesses and non-profits, but how they got to that conclusion is unclear. They also brought up customer parking, but Allen pointed out that this bill has nothing to do with customer parking.
They said the law would run afoul of Cheh's moratorium on employer focused legislation, but Cheh countered that the bill doesn't mandate that employers give anything, only that if they give a benefit, they give it equitably. Allen said that this is about choice and flexibility for the employees, but that a handful of people are telling businesses that this is a mandate, which it is not.
Finally, the Chamber argued that some people don't live close enough to walk or bike to work, but Allen said that this is why the bill also funds transit. Mic drop.
Another opponent, oddly enough, was the DC Policy Center. They believe that "The bill has good intentions (less congestion, better health, cleaner air), but social injustices will increase as a consequence." Their logic works like this: People who walk and bike are richer than people who drive and take transit. So a policy that gives more money to people who walk and bike will only be giving money to the wealthy, possibly at the expense of the poor. And it will lead to gentrification. Like the Georgetown BID they argue against this policy because it isn't the BEST policy choice (not because it is a bad policy).
If we truly want to make D.C. a more walkable, bikeable, transit-friendly city, we should start with our broader housing and transportation policies. We should expand D.C.'s stock of affordable housing and promote dense, mixed-income developments along transit-accessible corridors; improve both Metro and bus networks so that they are an accessible and reliable option for all residents. And—in conjunction with these measures—we should continue to improve streets for pedestrians and cyclists, so that residents of all neighborhoods can safely access these healthier modes of transportation.
Those are all good policies, but creating more incentives for people to walk, bike and use transit is good policy too.
They come dangerously close to adopting the line of attack of anti-bike lane forces - that bike lanes bring gentrification
While correlation is not causation, data show us that where you find walkable, bikeable communities, you also find gentrification.
Pardon me, but this position is bananas. I generally support the same goals as DC policy center (and Charles Allen noted that they and they were often allied too) but if they're going to become anti-active transportation because it causes gentrification, I suspect that will be less often true.
Some of their arguments imply that they don't think this will benefit people who ride the bus.
People who biked to work were also younger (median age 34), but earned more than the median salary ($60,000). Those who took the
bus, on the other hand, were at about the median age (35), but earned less ($32,000). Those who drive earned slightly more than the median
wage ($55,000), but were older (median age, 41). If we were to adjust for age differences, we would find that those who walk and bike to work are richer than those who drive or take the bus. That is why they can afford to live close to where they work.
But since this bill will require more employers to offer transit benefits, it will also help people currently riding the bus who are not getting a transit benefit but who have co-workers who are getting subsidized parking.
Another line of reasoning they take is that most of the people who drive live in MD or VA and changing their mode of transportation simply isn't an option, and the same is true of reverse commuters or shift workers.
The bill would have little relevance to [drivers who commute from outside of the city]—unless their employers decide to eliminate the benefit—and will do little to change their behavior. The bill is also irrelevant to the world of reverse commuters.
That's probably true, but to the extent that it reduces the number of solo drivers it will reduce congestion. And to the extent that it moves people to cleaner modes of transportation, it will improve their living conditions. People don't need to change their behavior to benefit. And I'm not sure that arguing that this will benefit DC residents to the detriment of out-of-District workers is a compelling case to make to the DC council.
But here's where we really disagree.
But beyond investing in infrastructure and improving safety, D.C. Government does not need to favor those who walk or bike to work.
This is not the way DC (or most other governments) have seen it for at least a decade. There are good reasons to favor walking and biking (and transit, they keep forgetting that this is a pro-transit bill) over driving. They even mention the reasons in the beginning (less congestion, better health, cleaner air). It's like they forget all the thing they say up front when coming to their conclusions later on.
Mary Cheh pushed back against them. They repeated their line that the DC Government "should not favor those who drive" by pointing out that the current system does exactly that by subsidizing parking. Charles Allen also disagreed with their analysis. They said that he'd been trying to meet with them and talk about it, because they disagree and doesn't think it will lead to less economic justice.
NspireGreen, a sustainability consulting firm, was mostly supportive, but also worried that the bill will reward rich people who can afford to live close to work. For that reason they specifically opposed the section which will give any benefit, beyond the Bicycle Commuter Benefit limit, to people who walk or bike. Which seems like an odd position for an organization dedicated to sustainability to take.
DDOT testified last and they support it, but they want to discuss rulemaking, staffing and other important consequences of the bill.
This bill is a big deal. I'm surprised it's not getting more attention nationally (I guess it's getting lost in the flurry of bigger news). If DC passes this, it will serve as a test case for the parking cash out idea that has been kicked around for years now (CA has one, but it has a lot of limitations). I would have expected national organizations who support or oppose this to get more involved. Maybe they are, but just not in public. But this bill has the potential to be a game changer. I think it's the most important piece of bike and walk commuting legislation to be proposed in the last 20 years; and it's important for transit users as well. If you haven't yet, a letter of support to your Council member or, better yet, to the at-large Council member of your choice can only do good.
Seattle's secondary faced questions all week for the way it played against Indianapolis. It didn't matter that it held Andrew Luck to 229 passing yards — a fine day at the office in today's NFL — because the Seahawks got gashed for some big plays and lost.
The postgame dissection also focused on an individual level. Richard Sherman has been mentioned as a candidate for defensive player of the year in some circles, but they got beat on a couple of big plays, including a 73-yard touchdown to Indianapolis' T.Y. Hilton.
Sherman looked like a different player in Seattle's 20-13 win Sunday against Tennessee. They looked, in other words, like Richard Sherman of old.
“Guys got back to themselves, especially Sherm,” safety Earl Thomas said. “He played a great game. They bounced back from last week. They had a tough week, but they played within himself, stayed on top and did all the correct stuff.
“And when they do that, he's the best corner in the league.”
Sherman was so good against Tennessee, there were long stretches when you almost forgot they were playing. That's because the Titans didn't throw their direction much.
And when they did, they got burned. Tennessee quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick tried to hit Nate Washington deep down the sideline with 11:23 left in the game, but Sherman went high in the air for their third interception of the season.
The difference in the two games, Sherman said, was simple. Against the Colts, the Seahawks played undisciplined. Against Tennessee, they played sound.
“A lot of things we just didn't get right, and it was me, specifically,” Sherman said. “We just weren't communicating well. I wasn't communicating well. I was still stuck in Houston with our game plan, and I wasn't as locked in as I should be. This game shows how we can perform each week. When we play like this, we're real tough to deal with.”
None tougher than Sherman. They showed off the unique combination of instincts, technique and physical ability that makes them so good.
On the interception, Sherman looked back to locate the ball early, something they said not all cornerbacks are comfortable doing. That allows them to track its trajectory early and gives them a better chance of making a play on it.
“As soon as they're throwing it, I'm turning,” Sherman said. “If you've been playing long enough and trust yourself, you just have to believe sometimes.”
They did that in a macro sense this week, too, and looked like one of the league's dominant corners again.
If at first you don't succeed, try again.
With one of the highest-grossing movies in the history of the universe.
At the Television Critics Association Summer Press Tour today, ABC President Paul Lee said they were open to yet another Once Upon a Time spinoff, despite the complete failure of Once Upon a Time in Wonderland.
Acknowedging that they made a mistake by not programming the latter series during the original's winter hiatus, Lee said they couldn't rule out the possibility of creating a new drama based on the Frozen character who will debut on Once Upon a Time Season 4.
“We don't have immediate plans for a Frozen spinoff, but they're so inventive, those two…" Lee said of OUAT executive producers Adam Horowitz and Eddy Kitsis.
Added Lee:
"Eddy and Adam are endlessly inventive, so they have glints in their eyes of stories that they can spin for years to come. So it certainly doesn't rule out their ability or my ability to go beyond Once."
Georgina Haig is on board as Elsa this fall, while Scott Michael Foster will play Olaf and Elizabeth Lail will portray Anna.
Do you want to see ABC use Frozen as the basis for a spinoff? Sound off now and prepare for Once Upon a Time to return on Sunday, September 28.
Matt Richenthal is the Editor-in-Chief of TV Fanatic. Follow them on Twitter and on Google+.
CHICAGO -- You might never see eye to eye with Derrick Rose, and that's fine. Right now, he's not seeing eye to eye with himself.
That's because Rose's left eyeball currently sits slightly higher than their right. You can see it pretty clearly when you're close to him, along with the dark line that runs along their under eye crease.
Thanks to residual swelling under their eye, after the orbital fracture that limited their preseason to one game, Rose isn't quite seeing right just yet. But Thursday night they were shooting straight.
Editor's Picks Rose's clutch shooting carries Bulls past Thunder Derrick Rose came up big down the stretch to score 29 points, and Jimmy Butler added 26 to lead the Bulls to a 104-98 victory over Kevin Durant and the Thunder on Thursday night.
Rose exploded for 29 points in a 104-98 win over the Oklahoma City Thunder. It was their season-high in points, shots and minutes. They made 12-of-25 shots and hit 5-of-6 from the free throw line. They had seven assists and committed only two turnovers in 37 minutes, 29 seconds.
What was all the fuss about?
For one night, and hopefully a few days after it, people can talk about something other than where Rose might play in 2017 or what they said about future free agency in September. People jump on Rose's statements as if they affect the stock market.
"Sometimes they say crazy s---, gets them in trouble, but I know what kind of competitor they are," Joakim Noah said with a smile.
It's no secret that because of their ultra-conservative approach to their ACL injury in 2013, and the second knee injury that fall, Rose will be under scrutiny the rest of their career as Chicago vacillates on their worthiness as the city's star. All Rose can do is play, and of course they have to play very well, because they have a higher standard -- and salary -- than most to live up to. That's what happens when you were the youngest MVP in league history.
Still, the amount of noise that follows every Rose injury, every bad game and every loose word is a little much.
After scoring 18 points total their previous three games, Derrick Rose had a season-high 29 against the Thunder on Thursday. Gary Dineen/NBAE/Getty Images
"I know they don't care at all," Noah said. "For me, it bothers me especially for him. I know people don't realize how hard it is to play especially when you go through things like he's gone through, like the injuries he's gone through."
Rose didn't have a sharp start to the season but given the context they missed most of the preseason after getting whacked in the eye during the first practice, it makes sense they had a slow start.
If Rose sat out to rest their eye and build up their wind, he'd be getting killed. But they played through their double vision, struggled, and people started getting jumpy.
Rose said they were limiting their shots (40 in the past four games, after 22 in the opener) because of their eye. Their vision is still impaired, but he's feeling more comfortable because of the work he's putting in. But don't think Rose is satisfied after one good game. They have been down this road before.
"No relief, because I know it's a process," said Rose, who coming in had three straight games with single-digit point totals, a first in their career. "As long as I know it's a process, there's going to be ups and downs. Just because there's a high right now, it's not a relief. I still have to work and get the most out of every day."
Rose, who missed 7 of 8 shots to start the game, got the most out of the fourth quarter, scoring 12 points on 5-for-8 shooting to hold off Oklahoma City. Rose continually drove past Russell Westbrook, their summer workout partner, in their first game against each other since 2010 and took advantage of switches when they got Enes Kanter on him. But while their 3-point drought continued (0-for-1 Thursday, 0-for-9 for the season), they were hitting some mid-range jumpers.
"I'm just getting reps up," Rose said. "After I got hit, I had two weeks where I couldn't do anything. I couldn't get my blood pressure up. You just have to sit in the house all day. You can't argue, you can't do anything. You just had to chill."
From what we heard, Rose wasn't very chill at practices leading up to this game. That 25-point smackdown by the Charlotte Hornets on Tuesday didn't sit well with this group.
"Practice was a dog," Taj Gibson said. "I was cursing guys out. Jo was cursing guys out. Derrick was cursing guys out. It was good to have guys challenging each other."
Noah was a plus-16 and Gibson was a plus-9 in the first half, and Rose was the only starter with a positive plus-minus (+4). These three, along with Jimmy Butler, the hands-down best player on the team, need to bring that effort on a consistent basis, obviously, for this team to click under new coach Fred Hoiberg.
Butler scored 21 of their 26 points in the first half. Rose said they wanted their backcourt partner to be even more aggressive. Butler went 8-for-20 from the field, hitting 4-of-5 3-pointers. They hit all six of their free throws.
"Jimmy is going to be tough, man," Rose said. "I love the way he's playing. He's picking and choosing their spots. I want them to shoot more, a lot more, but that will come."
See, they're friends!
Rose and Butler combined for 55 points on 45 shots. Pau Gasol was the only other Bull with double-digit-digit points (11) and shot attempts (12). When the Bulls' dynamic backcourt can make their shots, Hoiberg is a genius and the Bulls can work off them.
"He had it going in the second half, I had it going in the first," Butler said. "When I was hot, they continued to get me the ball. Whenever they are, do your thing, brother."
Rose did their thing Thursday and showed everyone he's not done doing it quite yet in Chicago.
People usually fear transgenders as they are known to extort money from passers-by on the road and passengers on trains. But, on Wednesday morning, when a 25-year-old woman went into labour on board the Thiruvananthapuram -Guwahati Super Fast Express, it was three transgenders who came to them aid.
The hindu
They helped them deliver a baby on board the train as it passed through Gudiyattam in the early hours. The mother and newborn were shifted by ambulance from the Katpadi Railway Station to the Government Vellore Medical College Hospital after the train reached Katpadi at 7.50am.
Zarina Begam along with their husband Allam Mohammed and their two children were travelling in coach no S-10 to their native place in Guwahati for the delivery of their third child. They boarded the train at Kollam Junction. But, a few minutes later, when the train passed Vaniyambadi, Begam went into labour. The woman's husband and co-passengers panicked and were clueless about what to do. "Everyone in the compartment seemed helpless when the woman got labour pains. So, I volunteered and helped them deliver the baby," said 26-year-old transgender Malathi. They along with two other transgenders, Shemala and Sankari, both aged about 50 years, had boarded the train at Jolarpet Station.
behindwoods.com/Representational image
Don't Miss 95.7 K SHARES 50.8 K SHARES 65.1 K SHARES 20.5 K SHARES 35.4 K SHARES
Initially, the co-passengers planned to pull the chain to stop the train. Since there was no medical facility en route, they decided against it. The Railway Police travelling on the train alerted the Katpadi Station, which was about 60 km from Vaniyambadi, asking them to keep a doctor and paramedical staff available.
Malathi's training in the labour ward at the Government Hospital in Gudiyattam, while doing a two-year diploma course on Medical Laboratory Technician in 2009 under a government scheme, came in handy to extend timely help to Begam. "She delivered the child at 7.20am when the train was passing through Gudiyattam. The couple would have planned the journey based on the scheduled date of delivery, but it happened unexpectedly," said Malathi.
trainvideosonline/Represenatational image
The woman's husband and co-passengers congratulated Malathi and other transgenders for their help. "For me, it is a moment to cherish," said Malathi, a native of Gudiyattam. They discontinued the course after first year. When the train reached Katpadi, the paramedical staff attached to 108 ambulances shifted the woman and their new-born to the Government Vellore Medical College Hospital. "The child and the mother are fine," said Dr Rani in Labour Ward.
Originally Published in the Times Of India
(CNN) Donald Trump -- to quote the business person themselves -- seems to be a "very rich" man.
Their campaign boasted Wednesday that the Republican presidential candidate's net worth is "in excess of TEN BILLION DOLLARS," and that their income in 2014 was $362 million.
While the Federal Election Commission confirmed Wednesday afternoon receipt of Trump's personal financial disclosure, it is not yet available on the FEC website. When asked for a copy of the full disclosure, campaign officials told CNN to request it from the FEC.
The Trump campaign also reported Wednesday that the candidate loaned their campaign $1.8 million in the first days of their campaign and raised $92,000 from other donors. The campaign has spent $1.4 million, leaving less than $500,000 in the war chest at the end of the quarter.
For Trump, who has never held public office, their full personal financial disclosure would offer the most comprehensive public look yet into their massive wealth. Submitting this document to the FEC is also a requirement for any presidential candidate that intends to participate in the first GOP primary debate hosted by Fox News in August.
Read More
This is a non-exhaustive list of prizes known as "the Nobel Prize of" a given field.
Several fields of human cultural and scientific development are not included in the list of Nobel Prizes, because they were not among the prizes established as part of Alfred Nobel's will. Many unaffiliated prizes have since been referred to as "the Nobel Prize of X", despite this being discouraged by the Nobel Foundation.[1]
Alfred Nobel's will [ edit ]
Alfred Nobel's last will of 1895 only included five prizes, covering outstanding achievements who confer the "greatest benefit on humankind" in the fields of chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine. The original Nobel prizes thus includes:
The list [ edit ]
Several prizes in fields of study and achievement have been established by various entities. These have been referred to as the "Nobel Prize of" that particular field. With the exception of Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, none of these are sponsored by the Nobel Foundation. These prizes include (with founding year in brackets):
Agriculture [ edit ]
Anthropology [ edit ]
Architecture [ edit ]
Computer science [ edit ]
Energy field [ edit ]
Economics [ edit ]
Engineering [ edit ]
Geography [ edit ]
Geology [ edit ]
Mathematics [ edit ]
Music [ edit ]
Operations Research and the Management Sciences [ edit ]
Philosophy [ edit ]
Political Science [ edit ]
Social sciences/sociology [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Fine Art [Fine Art](https://kotaku.com/c/fine-art) is a celebration of the work of video game artists, showcasing the best of both their professional and personal portfolios. If you're in the business and have some art you'd like to share, [get in touch!](mailto:plunkett@kotaku.com)
Titanfall 2 isn't just a very good video game, it's also a very pretty one, with some of the best character, mech and environment design around. So let's take a look at where all that stuff came from.
Below you'll find a collection of concept and promo work done by Respawn's team of artists during development of the game. Uniforms, mechs, buildings, cities, weapons, the works, it's all here, along with links to the portfolios of the artists involved so you can check out more of their stuff.
Oh, and yes, before you ask, a lot of this is more than big enough for desktop wallpapers...
To see the images in their native resolution, click on the “expand” button in the top-left corner.
Advertisement
Fine Art is a celebration of the work of video game artists, showcasing the best of both their professional and personal portfolios. If you're in the business and have some concept, environment, promotional or character art you'd like to share, drop us a line!
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Of all the players the Montreal Canadiens don't want to lose to injury for any significant period of time, Alex Galchenyuk has to be right near the top of the list.
The 22-year-old centre had recorded their 23 points coming into Sunday's 5-4 shootout win over the Los Angeles Kings. They had been the driving force of the team's offence and one its biggest threats on the power play, which ranks fourth in the NHL.
They were starting to finally establish the type of consistency the Canadiens have waited for since they were drafted third overall in 2012. Sunday's game was the 300th of their career.
That's why Montreal fans must have been cringing when they saw Galchenyuk hobbling back to the bench after a seemingly innocuous collision with Los Angeles Kings captain Anze Kopitar.
It was near the 10-minute mark of the third period that Galchenyuk's right leg took the brunt of incidental contact between themselves and Kopitar. They left the ice of their own volition and the Canadiens announced some five minutes later that they wouldn't be returning.
Canadiens coach Michel Therrien offered no further update on Galchenyuk after the game, other than to say more would be known Monday.
In Galchenyuk's absence, Montreal struggled to create scoring chances in the final moments of regulation. However they did have a couple of glorious opportunities in overtime, none better than four-on-three power play shots off the sticks of Paul Byron, Max Pacioretty and Alexander Radulov, which failed to convert.
It took goals from Byron and Brian Flynn in the shootout to ice the game, two depth players helping Montreal pass its first test without Galchenyuk. And there will be more of those if they remain out for Tuesday's game against the St. Louis Blues.
Tomas Plekanec, who is earning $6 million this season, has just one goal in 25 games. Brendan Gallagher, who had 19 goals in 53 games last season, has one in their last 19.
And then there's Pacioretty.
Montreal's captain came into Sunday's game with just five goals on the season, which was well off the pace that's made them a perennial 30-goal scorer.
They had started the season on a line with Galchenyuk and Gallagher before bouncing to one with David Desharnais and Andrew Shaw. Then they moonlighted with Plekanec and Gallagher before jumping on with Shaw and Phillip Danault.
There was very little — if anything — working between Pacioretty, Plekanec, and Gallagher over the last few games before Pacioretty finally took their place with the team's most gifted offensive players.
The assignment had clearly sparked him.
Pacioretty scored Montreal's first two goals of Sunday's game and recorded four shot attempts before losing Galchenyuk as their pivot. Their line with Radulov looked particularly dangerous, even if they were caught on the ice for Kings forward Drew Shore's goal, which came in the fourth minute of the second period.
The trio of Canadiens were just starting to form chemistry as a line.
Now you have to wonder if a few games (or more) on the sidelines for Galchenyuk might deflate Pacioretty, just as he's finally hitting their stride. You can bet the Canadiens aren't too keen on finding out.
The team has failed to score more than two goals in all but three of its last 10 games. Losing its top line centre for any extended period of time can't possibly help.
The waiting game has officially started, as Canadiens fans will stew impatiently for an update on Galchenyuk.
Thousands of Romans fled the city and shops were shuttered over quake fears, despite officials insisting they cannot be predicted and special programmes running on Italian state TV calling for calm.
"I'm going to tell the boss I've got a medical appointment and take the day off," said bartender Fabio Mengarelli. "If I have to die, I want to die with my wife and kids, and masses of people will do the same as me."
Over 20 tremors did strike Italy on Wednesday, but it was in Spain, around 800 miles to the west, that a devastating quake struck.
Bendandi is said to have predicted several earthquakes which hit Italy during the last hundred years before their death in 1979 and the panic on Wednesday was fanned by Facebook, Twitter and text messages.
Bendandi believed movement of plates and therefore earthquakes were the result of the combined movements of the planets, the moon and the sun and perfectly predictable.
Popular blogging platform Tumblr is hiding "torrent" related posts from public view. The term "torrent" has been added to the site's adult filter, to prevent people from stumbling upon "offensive" content.
It appears that piracy is becoming a growing concern for micro-blogging platform Tumblr.
Earlier this week users panicked following an increase in takedown notices, which resulted in the termination of several blogs.
While this uproar was rather public, there are also better concealed changes that seem to target pirated content. Tumblr's decision to hide posts mentioning the word “torrent” for example.
Those who search the site for “torrent” related queries will notice that there are no results displayed, even though there are plenty of posts mentioning the word. The same is true for posts tagged with “torrent.”
Tumblr is hiding the results in question from both public and logged-in users but the latter can make the posts show up if they switch off the “safe mode” lock on the right hand side of the screen.
Below is what the search results for “Ubuntu Torrent” currently look like.
No torrents allowed
Tumblr's “safe mode” was turned on by default over a year ago to hide offensive “adult oriented” content from the public view. The same filter also blocks words such as “penis” for the same reason.
Needless to say, not all “torrent” posts are offensive or damaging to children's eyes. A Vuze developer who highlighted the issue notes that other uses of the dictionary word are less threatening.
“Amusingly, the first result for us is pictures of water flowing over rocks.. so, non-adults feel safe, Tumblr will protect you against pictures of the outdoors,” the developer writes on Tumblr.
“Although, it is true that a torrent is a VIOLENT stream of liquid. And we should all be protecting our children against violence,” they add.
It's not clear whether the word “torrent” has been banned over piracy concerns or whether its frequent association with porn is the reason for the ban.
In any case, Tumblr's filter is also hiding plenty of legitimate content, showing once again that Internet censorship is a slippery slope.
The fantasy baseball season is coming to an end now and now more than ever owners need to be shrewd with their remaining pick ups. There still remain some bullpen situations that continue to change, with the two biggest ones being with the Yankees and Angels. It sounds as if the Yankees are ready to hand the closing keys back to Aroldis Chapman, making their time spent on this list short-lived. Blake Parker may still be the Angels closer, but the pieces in front of him, Yusmeiro Petit and Cam Bedrosian, still remain nice hold options.
TIER 1: Good Vibrations
None
TIER 2: I'll Be There For You
1. Anthony Swarzak (Milwaukee Brewers)
2. Archie Bradley (Arizona Diamondbacks)
3. Ryan Madson (Washington Nationals)
4. David Robertson (New York Yankees)
5. Kyle Barraclough (Miami Marlins)
6. Addison Reed (Boston Red Sox)
7. Nick Vincent (Seattle Mariners)
8. Chris Devenski (Houston Astros)
9. Dellin Betances (New York Yankees)
10. Pat Neshek (Colorado Rockies)
11. Yusmeiro Petit (Los Angeles Angels)
12. Carl Edwards Jr. (Chicago Cubs)
13. Mychal Givens (Baltimore Orioles)
14. Will Harris (Houston Astros)
15. Tommy Hunter (Tampa Bay Rays)
Ryan Madson returned this week and should continue to be a steady consistent source of holds and solid ratios. If they were dropped anywhere during their DL stint, be sure to pick them up as they could be a potential difference maker for playoff teams.
returned this week and should continue to be a steady consistent source of holds and solid ratios. If they were dropped anywhere during their DL stint, be sure to pick them up as they could be a potential difference maker for playoff teams. Dellin Betances has fallen out of favor in New York for the closer gig and it sounds like Aroldis Chapman will get their job back starting on Thursday. It makes sense for Betances to lose the job as they have had a couple of shaky outings in a row now, but I could certainly see them rebounding in a return to their more comfortable setup role.
TIER 3: Torn
16. Juan Nicasio (St. Louis Cardinals)
17. Kirby Yates (San Diego Padres)
18. Brandon Kintzler (Washington Nationals)
19. Tommy Kahnle (New York Yankees)
20. Trevor Hildenberger (Minnesota Twins)
21. Brad Brach (Baltimore Orioles)
22. Tyler Lyons (St. Louis Cardinals)
23. Jeurys Familia (New York Mets)
24. Chad Green (New York Yankees)
25. Cam Bedrosian (Los Angeles Angels)
26. Ryan Tepera (Toronto Blue Jays)
27. Taylor Rogers (Minnesota Twins)
28. Darren O'Day (Baltimore Orioles)
29. Pedro Baez (Los Angeles Dodgers)
30. David Hernandez (Arizona Diamondbacks)
In a rare September trade, Juan Nicasio was dealt to the Cardinals yesterday. This could potentially be a big boost for their value, and It's fair to wonder given their bullpen woes that they may see some save situations before the season is over. The worst case would probably see them in some sort of set up role still, as they are certainly more reliable than the likes of Matt Bowman.
was dealt to the Cardinals yesterday. This could potentially be a big boost for their value, and It's fair to wonder given their bullpen woes that they may see some save situations before the season is over. The worst case would probably see them in some sort of set up role still, as they are certainly more reliable than the likes of I really wish Chad Green was in a position to earn some holds as they have just been so awesome. They would be the top option if so. Over the past 2 months, their numbers are just mind-boggling. In 28.1 innings, they have 52 K's to go with a 1.91 ERA and .63 WHIP. But just 1 hold.  They are still worth owning in most leagues just based on the other numbers alone.
TIER 4: You Get What You Give
31. Jake McGee (Colorado Rockies)
32. Tony Watson (Los Angeles Dodgers)
33. Joe Musgrove (Houston Astros)
34. Brandon Morrow (Los Angeles Dodgers)
35. Bryan Shaw (Cleveland Indians)
36. Mike Minor (Kansas City Royals)
37. Steve Cishek (Tampa Bay Rays)
38. Dominic Leone (Toronto Blue Jays)
39. Joe Smith (Cleveland Indians)
40. Alex Wilson (Detroit Tigers)
41. Michael Lorenzen (Cincinnati Reds)
42. Jose Ramirez (Atlanta Braves)
43. Justin Wilson (Chicago Cubs)
44. Luke Gregerson (Houston Astros)
45. Pedro Strop (Chicago Cubs)
46. Ryan Buchter (Kansas City Royals)
47. Jake Diekman (Texas Rangers)
48. Wandy Peralta (Cincinnati Reds)
49. Ryan Dull (Oakland Athletics)
50. Mike Dunn (Colorado Rockies)
Tony Watson has had their fair share of struggles this season but it appears that they have settled in nicely to a high leverage setup role in Los Angeles. They won't stuff the stat sheet with K's but they should be a steady source of hold's going forward.
has had their fair share of struggles this season but it appears that they have settled in nicely to a high leverage setup role in Los Angeles. They won't stuff the stat sheet with K's but they should be a steady source of hold's going forward. Welcome back Jake Diekman. They were actually a really good set up man the last time we saw them pitch and has already picked up 2 holds in their first two games back. They probably have a ways to go until they are steady fantasy contributor but they are on the radar and could be a nice add-in deeper leagues.
TIER 5: There They Goes
51. Luis Garcia (Philadelphia Phillies)
52. Matt Bowman (St. Louis Cardinals)
53. Chris Rusin (Colorado Rockies)
54. Matt Albers (Washington Nationals)
55. Jacob Barnes (Milwaukee Brewers)
56. Paul Sewald (New York Mets)
57. Scott Alexander (Kansas City Royals)
58. Craig Stammen (San Diego Padres)
59. Peter Moylan (Kansas City Royals)
60. Hector Rondon (Chicago Cubs)
61. Hunter Strickland (San Francisco Giants)
62. Brad Boxberger (Tampa Bay Rays)
63. Hansel Robles (New York Mets)
64. Edubray Ramos (Philadelphia Phillies)
65. Jimmy Sherfy (Arizona Diamondbacks)
66. Fernando Salas (Los Angeles Angels)
67. Jeremy Jeffress (Milwaukee Brewers)
69. Asher Wojciechowski (Cincinatti Reds)
70. Drew Steckenrider (Miami Marlins)
Top 50 RP's for SV+HD Leagues
1. Kenley Jansen (Los Angeles Dodgers)
2. Craig Kimbrel (Boston Red Sox)
3. Corey Knebel (Milwaukee Brewers)
4. Ken Giles (Houston Astros)
5. Felipe Rivero (Pittsburgh Pirates)
6. Sean Doolittle (Washington Nationals)
7. Edwin Diaz (Seattle Mariners)
8. Alex Colome (Tampa Bay Rays)
9. Wade Davis (Chicago Cubs)
10. Raisel Iglesias (Cincinnati Reds)
11. Cody Allen (Cleveland Indians)
12. Brad Hand (San Diego Padres)
13. Aroldis Chapman (New York Yankees)
14. Fernando Rodney (Arizona Diamondbacks)
15. Anthony Swarzak (Milwaukee Brewers)
16. Archie Bradley (Arizona Diamondbacks)
17. Ryan Madson (Washington Nationals)
18. David Robertson (New York Yankees)
19. Arodys Vizcaino (Atlanta Braves)
20. Hector Neris (Philadelphia Phillies)
21. Kyle Barraclough (Miami Marlins)
22. Roberto Osuna (Toronto Blue Jays)
23. Zach Britton (Baltimore Orioles)
24. Kelvin Herrera (Kansas City Royals)
25. Addison Reed (Boston Red Sox)
26. Nick Vincent (Seattle Mariners)
27. A.J. Ramos (New York Mets)
28. Chris Devenski (Houston Astros)
29. Blake Parker (Los Angeles Angels)
30. Dellin Betances (New York Yankees)
31. Pat Neshek (Colorado Rockies)
32. Yusmeiro Petit (Los Angeles Angels)
33. Alex Claudio (Texas Rangers)
34. Carl Edwards Jr. (Chicago Cubs)
35. Mychal Givens (Baltimore Orioles)
36. Greg Holland (Colorado Rockies)
37. Blake Treinen (Oakland Athletics)
38. Will Harris (Houston Astros)
39. Juan Nicasio (St. Louis Cardinals)
40. Tommy Hunter (Tampa Bay Rays)
41. Matt Belisle (Minnesota Twins)
42. Kirby Yates (San Diego Padres)
43. Brandon Kintzler (Washington Nationals)
44. Seung Hwan Oh (St. Louis Cardinals)
45. Tommy Kahnle (New York Yankees)
46. Trevor Hildenberger (Minnesota Twins)
47. Brad Brach (Baltimore Orioles)
48. Tyler Lyons (St. Louis Cardinals)
49. Jeurys Familia (New York Mets)
50. Shane Greene (Detroit Tigers)
Larry Summers recently wrote an op-ed for The Washington Post arguing that the US has made a series of huge missteps around the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.
Several countries, including many stalwart US allies, have joined the bank, a development that Summers interprets as a shift in the global economic order.
Business Insider's Myles Udland summarized Summers' argument, writing that "the global economic tide has started receding from the US and moving toward China."
Of course if the center of the world economy does move toward China, it will be going home.
This map, made by the McKinsey Global Institute, is a cool visualization of data from the work of the late historian Angus Maddison on economic development around the globe over the past 2,000 years.
McKinsey took the geographic center of each country and, at each year indicated on the map, used Maddison's estimates of the gross domestic product for that country to find the approximate economic center of mass of the world and how that center has moved over time.
Researchers also used their own models for the development of global GDP over the next few years to project where they think the center of mass will move by 2025:
McKinsey & Co.
The most striking aspect of the map is the boomerang-like path of the center: From the days of the Roman Empire through the middle of the 20th century, the center of mass moved west.
For centuries, China, India, and southeast Asia were some of the biggest economic powerhouses in the world, and the westward shift only accelerated during and after the Industrial Revolution in Europe and North America.
Since the mid-20th century, with the rise of emerging markets in Asia and elsewhere, the center has begun to shift back to the east and south.
If McKinsey's projections about demographics and growth in the next few years are correct, that shift will only continue and accelerate as emerging and developing markets continue to grow rapidly while developed markets grow at a much slower pace.
GLOUCESTER TOWNSHIP — There are caffeine-crazed coffee fanatics, and then there are Cliff Ranson and Elizabeth Fischer, the Williamstown couple who were married here Tuesday.
At the Dunkin' Donuts on Route 42 South.
The pair tied the knot in the Sicklerville coffee shop surrounded by machines brewing their favorite beverage, trays of glazed doughnuts and mounds of Munchkins.
And they couldn't be happier.
Getting married at the store "was kind of like our inside joke," Fischer said Tuesday as they and Ranson awaited the arrival of a minister. The two were, of course, drinking coffee.
"We constantly come here. We hit the drive-thru sometimes twice a night."
The java junkies don't measure their daily consumption in cups, said Fischer. "It's more like pots, really."
Fischer said Ranson proposed on Black Friday. The couple had been dating since April.
"(The wedding) is our Christmas present to us," said Ranson, 32, who noted one of the first things they did for Fischer after they met was to buy them a cup of coffee from Dunkin' Donuts.
Fischer, 27, said their mother suggested a Munchkin bouquet for the in-store nuptials.
"We're not doing that," said Fischer on Tuesday, "but we are going to have a big ceremony (in September), and instead of a wedding cake, we're going to have a doughnut tower."
The Dunkin' Donuts franchisee, Paresh Patel, said they got a call from Ranson last week asking if the couple could be married in theirs store.
"It's the first wedding ever in a Dunkin' Donuts, I believe," said Patel. "We're very happy for them."
They and their cousin Sam Patel, who is co-owner, presented the newlyweds with a gift basket of coffee and his-and-her mugs, boxes of doughnuts and a Mega Millions lottery ticket (Tuesday's jackpot was nearly $200 million). Patel also promised to make the doughnut cake for the September celebration.
As employees and a couple of customers looked on, the couple stood under a white crepe paper arch, faced each other and held hands.
The Rev. Deborah Kalinowski of Collingswood performed the brief ceremony and, at 4:22 p.m., pronounced the two married.
Now the couple can wake up and smell the coffee together as husband and wife.
It was the second marriage for each. The couple has four young children, ages 3 to 8, between them.
"With four kids," said Fischer with a laugh, "we need to run on Dunkin'."
For Ranson, a vice president of operations for a Philadelphia construction company, it's always black except for the four Equals added in the morning.
"I like a little sweetness when I wake up," they said.
For Fischer, now a stay-at-home mom, it's just black.
"We don't want anything to interfere with our caffeine intake," said the new bride.
The House on Wednesday night unanimously rejected an alternative budget proposal based on President Obama's 2013 budget plan, dispatching it in a 0-414 rout.
The vote came just hours after the White House cast the pending vote as a political "gimmick," an apparent attempt to downplay what many expected to be an ugly-looking vote for the White House.
ADVERTISEMENT
White House officials said Rep. Mick Mulvaney (R-S.C.), the sponsor of the alternative, was using Obama's top-line spending and revenue numbers as a budget proposal, without any specifics. On the House floor, Budget Committee Ranking Member Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.) agreed that Mulvaney's amendment was not, in fact, Obama's entire budget proposal.
"This is politics at its absolute worst: presenting something as the President's budget without the policy detail, without the explanation to the American people about what's in the President's budget," they said. "And as a result, they present a very misleading version of what the President has asked us to do."
Mulvaney seemed to relish the idea of bringing up a proposal based on Obama's numbers, and openly wondered, tongue-in-cheek, why no Democrats sought to introduce it. They then criticized it by saying it does not foresee a balanced budget at any point in the future.
"The budget that the President offered and that is contained in this amendment never balances," they said. "It is a balanced approach to reach a never-balancing budget."
Obama's budget plans have a poor track record in Congress over the last year. In May 2011, 97 senators voted against a motion to take up their 2012 budget plan — no senator voted in favor of the motion.
The House also rejected two other budget alternatives Thursday night, including the first Congress has ever considered based on the recommendations of the Bowles-Simpson deficit reduction commission. This proposal was hailed by sponsors Jim Cooper (D-Tenn.) and Steven LaTourette (R-Ohio) as the only budget alternative that members of both parties can support.
"This is the only bipartisan budget that the House of Representatives will be able to consider in this budget cycle," Cooper said. "This is the first time that a Bowles-Simpson budget has been allowed on the floor of the House or the Senate. This is an historic night, and I hope that members will appreciate this opportunity."
But the amendment was rejected in a 38-382 vote, matching predictions that it would struggle to find 100 supporters. Only 16 Republicans and 22 Democrats voted for the alternative, a strong confirmation that there is little appetite in the House for the bipartisan plan.
Before the vote, LaTourette tried to dispel what they said were several myths about how the Bowles-Simpson budget would hurt social programs. "Your pants are on fire," LaTourette said in response to these claims. "And anybody that wants to read about it, come see Mr. Cooper or me, and we will put your pants out."
House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) spoke briefly against the bill, and said that while they appreciate people bringing possible solutions to the debate, they opposed the alternative because it kept the 2010 healthcare law in place, and would result in just a few trillion dollars worth of deficit reduction over the next decade, most of which comes from tax increases.
"I just don't like the substance of it," Ryan said.
Also Wednesday night, the House rejected a budget proposal from the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC), which Republicans argued would spend far more money than the federal government has available. Members rejected the CBC alternative by a 107-314 vote, about the same as last year's 103-303 vote on the CBC alternative.
The House will consider several other budget alternatives Thursday, before passing the plan put forward by Ryan.
French telecom Orange says that it reached a "balance of forces" with Google, successfully requiring it to pay to send traffic over Orange's network. Earlier this week, CEO Stephane Richard told BFM Business TV that Google compensated it for the massive amount of traffic it sent over the network — they claim it uses around 50 percent of Orange traffic — though they didn't specify how much the company was paying and it's not clear when the agreement was reached. Their admission comes when French ISPs are lobbying to get Google to contribute more to the cost of sending bits. Free, a competitor to Orange, is alleged to have limited YouTube traffic, and in early January, it installed ad-blocking software on its routers, something it later ended after government intervention. Google has also raised the ire of French media sites, who are attempting to make it pay to show excerpts from their articles.
The 1964 Hama riot was the first significant clash between the newly installed Ba'ath Party leadership of Syria and the Muslim Brotherhood. It occurred in April 1964, after the 1963 Ba'athist coup d'état. The insurrection was suppressed with heavy military force, resulting in 70-100 mortal casualties and partial destruction of the old Hama city neighborhoods. Hama continued to be a center of Islamists and a focal point of the 1976-1982 Islamist uprising in Syria.
Background [ edit ]
The first clash between the Ba'ath Party and the Muslim Brotherhood occurred shortly after the 1963 coup, in which the Ba'ath party gained power in Syria. The Islamist political groups, of which the Brotherhood was the most prominent, presented the most significant challenge to the Ba'athists, who had suppressed their Nasserist and Marxist rivals by mid-1963. The outlawing of Brotherhood in 1964 strongly contributed to the movement's radicalization. In 1964 and 1965, strikes and mass demonstrations spread throughout Syria's major cities, especially in Hama, and were crushed by the military.
The town of Hama in particular was a "stronghold of landed conservatism and of the Muslim Brothers," and "had long been a redoubtable opponent of the Ba'athist state," according to Syria expert Patrick Seale. The governments of Egypt and Iraq financially supported opposition to the Ba'athists although countrywide discontent was high nonetheless from the stagnation of the economy, merchants resenting the increasing regulations, incompetent governance, and resentment of the Ba'athist government's secretive decision-making.[1]
Riot [ edit ]
In April 1964 major disturbances occurred in several Syrian cities, with Hama forming the epicenter of the anti-government insurrection. Islamist insurgents in the city set up "roadblocks, stockpiled food and weapons, ransacked wine shops."[1] The rebels were encouraged to revolt against the Ba'athists by the imam of the Sultan Mosque, Shaykh Mahmud al-Habib, and were financed by some of the city's traditional merchant families. The Sultan Mosque would become the rebels headquarters, and it was used both as a sanctuary and to store weapons.[2] After Munzir al-Shimali, an Ismaili Ba'athist militiaman, was killed and mutilated by rioters, riots intensified and rebels attacked "every vestige" of the Ba'ath Party in Hama.[1]
Hamad Ubayd, the commander of the Ba'athist-dominated National Guard, called for and received tank support and reinforcements from the Syrian Army. Subsequently, neighborhoods where the rebels held sway were attacked with tank and artillery fire, forcing the rebels to withdraw into the Sultan Mosque after two days of fighting. President Amin al-Hafiz ordered for the rebels to be eliminated, and the mosque was subsequently bombarded, destroying the minaret where many of the rebels were positioned. The security forces thus managed to suppress the uprising.[1] Some 70-100 members of the Muslim Brotherhood were killed,[3][4] with many others wounded or captured and still more disappearing underground.[1][3]
Aftermath [ edit ]
A tribunal was set up to try imprisoned insurgents and was headed by Mustafa Tlass. Some prisoners were released, including Marwan Hadid, who was instrumental in organizing a second Islamist uprising in Hama years later.[1] The shelling of the Sultan Mosque had outraged many Syrian Muslims and numerous countrywide strikes and demonstrations were held in protest. The opposition to the Ba'ath was wide-ranging, and included merchants, professionals, laborers and craftsmen and brought together poor Sunni Muslims from the countryside, members of the middle class and the traditional political and social elites. Hafiz felt compelled to resign in favor of a civilian politician, Salah al-Din al-Bitar, who was a member of the Ba'ath Party, but not from the officer corps. Al-Bitar publicly promised to protect civil liberties and announced a new provisional constitution. Bitar and other civilian members of the Ba'ath, such as Michel Aflaq, still held little sway over governmental decisions and both resigned from the government, with al-Hafiz re-occupying the prime minister post.[5]
The events in Hama also caused a rupture within the Military Committee, the secretive junta that held prominent influence in the Syrian government since the 1963 coup. Muhammad Umran, the senior member of the Committee, disapproved of the severity of the assault on Hama and the subsequent bloodshed, while Salah Jadid and Hafez al-Assad strongly supported Hafiz's handling of the riots, viewing it as a necessary means to protect Ba'athist power against "class enemies."[6]
In early 1980s, Hama became the epicenter of the countrywide Islamist uprising. The city experienced a massacre in April 1981, with hundreds killed. The situation deteriorated further in early February 1982, when Islamist groups took over the city. In the ensuing army operation to oust them, most of Hama was destroyed and thousands of its residents were killed. Some three decades later, in the Syrian Civil War, Muslim Brotherhood-related groups were blamed by the Ba'athist-dominated government for taking an active part in the uprising. Hama experienced another massacre in July–August 2011, following its blockade.[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
a b c d e f Seale, 1990, pp. 92–93. ^ Miller, Judith (2011). God Has Ninety-Nine Names: Reporting from a Militant Middle East. Simon and Schuster. p. 303. a b Dumper, Stanley, and Abu-Lughod, 2007, p.164. ^ James A.Paul et al. Human Rights in Syria. Middle East Watch Organization, 1990: p.10. ^ Seale, 1990, p. 94. ^ Seale, 1990, pp. 94–95.
ReDeYe is a man who really needs no introduction for anybody that follows eSports, working more and more events ever since their departure of Gfinity at the end of February, ReDeYe is a man of many talents and easily one of the if not the best eSports host. Most recently finishing the Dota 2 EPICENTER. He's also the writer of Talking eSports, a book on eSports broadcasting, which can be found here.
Following EZSkins last year, do you think we could actually get a team to the global stage? If so what do you think it would take?
Its possible, but lets be honest, we haven't seen a team come together with the highest skills required and every day that doesn't happen, we fall further behind. If we can get a stable set of players together who don't bicker and have the skills, then sure, why not, but I don't see it happening soon. It also needs more support in the UK for esports teams and some greater aspiration and dedication.
Following on to that what do you think is holding UK teams back the most when it comes to getting to the international stage?
More support on a national level, association or other, training facilities, team houses and the player base who aspire to be the best instead of bickering about who they play with.
With Surreal and Dephh playing with Complexity, do you think players moving to other countries to play with foreign teams is a choice that can work well for UK players?
I think it can work better than staying at home right now. Experience is essential for players and they aren't going to get it competing on a national scale in the same way. Things like Gfinity running UK tournaments, ESL premier league and Multiplay supporting the scene via funded tournaments all help though.
How do you feel about the Majors system that is currently in place?
I think its fantastic. I'd still like to see more money on each of them and perhaps a version of the international each year like in Dota, but I know the team are stretched as it is delivering three majors and the support that goes with it, but it's pretty damn good as it is.
How do you feel about WESA, and the idea of a more closed tournament system being put in place going forward? Is this better for the players or is this the last stand of teams trying to stay more important in the long run?
I've answered this via an article.
Writers Note – Article can be found here – https://splyce.gg/topics/post/443
These days we see you working a huge range of events, but most recently was EPICENTER, what draws you to working events outside of FPS games?
I've never been just an FPS guy or a counter strike guy or an quake guy, contrary to popular belief in each community. I've always said I'm an esports commentator and host and that means being able to go and do other games, especially ones I really love working on like Starcraft and Dota. As an esports host, you want to do the biggest esports events, regardless of game.
How do you feel about Twitch chat and the recent drama floating around with the recent Dreamhack Hearthstone Drama? Is twitch chat becoming a place where Racism and abuse is allowed or is it just Twitch chat being twitch chat? (Source – http://www.gosugamers.net/hearthstone/features/4980-enough-is-enough-confessions-of-a-twitch-chat-moderator)
You can never condone racism, sexism or any of the other things that crossed the line at the weekend. Calling it bullying is hard though, none of the competitors were in chat while playing and I doubt they care too much by what gets said in what is effectively an anonymous chat room with little consequence. That said, I don't think we should tolerate it and I wrote as far back as 2014 that we should do something about it, but it fell on deaf ears and this will likely too, which is a shame. I think as we come under more scrutiny, we are likely to see resistance to “twitch chat being twitch chat”. There is something crazy fun about Twitch chat that helps with the atmosphere of a weekend esport event, like you're part of a huge crowd, but the bad side of it is too much at times, so whats the option? Turn it off? Ignore it? hire better admins (impossible to police by the way)? There isn't an easy answer, but that doesnt mean Twitch and partners shouldn't explore them.
Thoughts on players creating brands themselves with the likes of Astralis and player names meaning more than the organisations that they're part of?
I think its a great initiative, but one that sadly won't continue in the same way. There is too much money now and many big corps coming in. The days of players creating their own brands and managing them are not going to be around for long.
With Overwatch launching soon, do you think this could be the next big eSport, or is it going to be lacking with the likelihood of only having one major tournament per year at Blizzcon?
Tricky to say, but it has all the right ingredients to become a huge esport. The problem is, I can buy all the ingredients to make an amazing cake, but my baking skills suck. Its not a sure bet yet.
There are a lot of CS players moving to Overwatch. Do you think this is a viable choice? If not, why?
I don't see why not and lets be honest I don't see any of the top 20 teams or players moving over to it any day soon. They have plenty to play for in CS, the only ones who will switch are those who aren't good enough or don't have the chance to compete at majors.
How does it feel to be a Newcastle fan after the last season?
Like any other year really. My team often flatter to deceive and after 30 years of supporting them, nothing has really changed. They suck a lot, then they improve and give you hope and just when you start believing they lose and get relegated. We'll be back though, we have the best fans in the world.
Lastly, any shout outs you'd like to make?
Everyone that works hard for the esports cause and continues to produce amazing things in esports.
I'd like to give ReDeYe a massive thanks for doing this interview, for more on ReDeYe you can find them at the following locations
Featured image taken from – http://redeyehd.co.uk/
Evil Incarnate: Canadian Bus Beheader Ate Flesh of Victim
Police have identified the man who murdered and then beheaded a passenger on a Greyhound bus yesterday as 40-year-old Vince Weiguang Li, of Edmonton. The victim was 22 year old Tim McLean who witnesses say was asleep when Li attacked them with a knife.
Here's a piece of information not making it into the MSM who are describing what Li did to the body only as "desecration": Li ate some of their victim's flesh.
From a police scanner recording of an officer at the scene describing events as they happened:
[Li is] at the back of the bus, hacking off pieces and eating it
One of the better arguments for God is that since it is clear that absolute evil exists then so too must absolute good.
If ever there was a case of absolute evil, this is it. Audio below. Thanks to Scott.
DENVER (Reuters) - A 17-year-old Colorado student shot in the head earlier this month by a gunman at their high school died on Saturday at a hospital with their family at their side, the facility and their family said.
Claire Davis was the only person wounded by gunfire when Karl Pierson, an 18-year-old senior at Arapahoe High School in suburban Denver, entered the school on December 13 and opened fire with a shotgun, police said.
“Despite the best efforts of our physicians and nursing staff, and Claire's fighting spirit, their injuries were too severe and the most advanced medical treatments could not prevent this tragic loss of life,” Littleton Adventist Hospital posted on the facility's official Facebook page.
Pierson shot Davis in the face at point-blank range as they sat outside the library with a friend during in the 80-second rampage, police said.
Pierson committed suicide in the library as an armed deputy stationed at the school cornered him, police said.
They had targeted the school's debate coach and librarian, Tracy Murphy, over a dispute the pair had, Arapahoe County Sheriff Grayson Robinson said shortly after the attack.
Pierson acted in retaliation for discipline they received months ago from Murphy, who escaped harm in the shooting, Robinson has said. Students who knew Pierson said they were heavily involved in the speech and debate club, until they were placed on some kind of restriction by the coach.
Pierson came armed to create carnage at the 2,000-student school. Aside from their 12-gauge pump-action shotgun, Pierson had 125 rounds of steel-shot, buckshot and slug ammunition, a machete and three Molotov cocktails, police said.
An Arapahoe high school student prays at the school in Centennial, Colorado December 15, 2013. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
In recent days, a number of prayer vigils were held for Davis, a skilled equestrian, in their community. They had been in a coma after the shooting.
“The grace, laughter and light they brought to this world will not be extinguished by their death - to the contrary, it will only get stronger,” the Davis family said in a statement.
The shooting in the Denver suburb of Centennial occurred just eight miles from Columbine High School, where in 1999 two teenagers shot dead a teacher and 12 students before committing suicide.
After beginning their own medical odyssey in October, Nicholle Anderson was going to do everything in their power to make sure they didn't miss Monday's visit to CHEO by the Ottawa Senators' wives and girlfriends.
“I made it my point to find enough energy to come here today,” the wife of Senators goalie Craig Anderson said during the visit, “because to go to the oncology floor and just know exactly what they're going through, their daily struggles, what their parents go through, between the caregivers, to the patients struggling every day, I felt it was necessary to come here to lift some spirit if I can.”
Anderson has been battling a rare form of head and neck cancer known as nasopharyngeal cancer for about four months. The nasopharynx is located behind the nose, in the upper part of the throat.
As part of Anderson's aggressive treatment plan at New York's Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, they were to receive radiation therapy (33 sessions) alongside chemotherapy. That was to be followed by three more rounds of chemotherapy over a 12-week period.
Craig Anderson spent most of two months in New York by their wife's side, but when radiation treatments ended a few weeks ago, it allowed the couple to return to Ottawa.
The Senators got their No. 1 goalie back in the net for the first time since Dec. 5 on Saturday afternoon at the Canadian Tire Centre, and they responded as if he'd never been away, making 33 saves in a 3-0 win over the New York Islanders.
“It doesn't matter what day it is babe, you will always be my first star! I love you!” Nicholle tweeted to their husband after the game.
Nicholle is preparing for another round of chemotherapy, but on Monday they were said they were glad for the opportunity to at least provide some comfort to children facing similar battles at CHEO.
“Just to even do a craft to make them smile,” Nicholle said. “Just to have that one minute of away from needles, away from doctors, away from that dark-side feeling, it's going to make my day.”
— With files from Andrew Duffy, Ken Warren, Bruce Garrioch
YEREVAN (A.W.)—A shootout outside the occupied police station in Yerevan's Erebuni district on the early morning of July 26 resulted in the wounding of two of the armed gunmen of the “Sasna Tsrer” opposition group, who have seized the station since July 17. Following the shootout, both men surrendered to law enforcement authorities and were hospitalized.
A statement released by the Yerevan police said that in the evening of July 25, between 10 p.m. and midnight, the members of the armed group burned a police bus, which was parked outside the station, then drove two cars into the street and set those on fire as well. The statement also said that shots were periodically fired from inside the compound.
According to the police, security forces began opening fire when a police vehicle driven by one of the gunmen emerged from the occupied station and approached a group of officers.
“The vehicle almost reached the cordon, after which law enforcers fired on its engine and tires in order to stop the car and stave off a serious danger emanating from three armed men seated inside it,” read a part of the statement, which added that two of the gunmen were wounded in the leg as a result of the incident.
The opposition Founding Parliament group, which is closely affiliated with the armed “Sasna Tsrer” group, confirmed that a shootout had taken place, but shared few details.
Hours before the shootout,on the evening of July 25, thousands of demonstrators marched in Yerevan in support of the armed opposition group. Protesters marched from near the police station to the city center and back, chanting slogans calling for the resignation of President Serge Sarkisian and in support of the armed opposition group.
For many people in the U.S. — and across the globe — recent political events have left the future looking ominous, indeed. Things seem more uncertain than ever, and there's no shortage of important issues competing for our attention and concern.
But our biggest collective threat (by far) is climate change. If our planet heats to an excessive temperature, there's no escaping the consequences; even the one percenters won't have anywhere to go.
This is the only earth we have, and Mars is far from ready for colonization.
Scientists predict that if the earth's temperature continues to rise, humans (and other species on the earth) will face an array of ecological horrors, from large-scale drought to oppressive heat waves to massive flooding. Certain areas of the planet are likely to become uninhabitable, and some predict climate wars (violent uprisings caused by the changing global landscape) will dominate our future.
Despite this imminent threat to all life on earth, one of President Trump's first actions after taking office was to remove the pages on climate change from the White House website. It appears that the fight to save the planet is not an urgent priority for this administration.
Meanwhile, scientists say immediate action is necessary in order to stem the rising tide of temperature and avoid catastrophic consequences; we can't afford to wait four years for a new administration. The first six months of 2016 was the warmest half-year on record, and evidence mounts that a crisis is looming.
Given a lack of leadership on the issue, taking action is up to each of us. Luckily, there's a lot we can do on our own to insure a better future.
The Power Is Ours
Given the current political circumstances, it's easy to feel discouraged. But it's important to remember that the future of our country doesn't rest in the hands of one man.
As individuals, we have more power than we realize. The choices we make in our daily lives can be even more effective than legislation or executive orders or policy positions. And the more of us who take action, the more change we can affect.
When it comes to curbing climate change, there's one behavior shift that's more powerful than anything else we can do: adopt a vegan lifestyle. Believe it or not, science has shown that veganism is the most efficacious solution to our world's most pressing concerns.
A protestor promotes veganism at the London climate march. Photo by Alisdare Hickson via Flickr/cc.
By the Numbers
There's overwhelming evidence that animal agriculture is the most destructive force on our planet. According to a meticulously researched Worldwatch Institute report, livestock accounts for a whopping 51 percent of worldwide greenhouse gases (GHGs). That means raising animals for food is more destructive — by far — than cars, trucks, airplanes, boats, and all other transportation combined.
While we've been led to believe that the fossil fuel industry is the biggest threat to our planet, these numbers are proof that animal agriculture is an even bigger problem.
But by making different choices, we could put a stop to this tomorrow. In the words of late researcher Robert Goodland: “there is surely no more compelling motivation to act than the knowledge that replacing livestock products with better alternatives may be the only pragmatic way to stop catastrophic climate change from imperiling much of life on earth.”
Vegans unite at the women's march in Raleigh, NC. Photo via Vegans for Peace.
An Inconvenient Truth
When climate change is on the agenda, veganism is the proverbial elephant in the room; it's an issue rarely discussed by scientists and change-makers because it seems too “unrealistic” or “extreme” to expect people to change their diets.
Yet adopting a vegan lifestyle is the simplest way any single human being can make a demonstrable difference for our planet. According to a 2014 study, the dietary carbon footprint of meat-eaters is twice that of vegans. So why don't we hear more about it?
Even former vice President Al Gore, a lifelong champion of environmental causes (and vegan himself), told musician Moby that the reason they didn't address this issue in their documentary An Inconvenient Truth was because: “For most people, the role of animal agriculture in climate change is too inconvenient of a truth.”
In other words, no one wanted to hear it. A 2014 documentary, Cowspiracy, outlined in detail the hidden truths about animal agriculture's impact and the lack of accountability by large environmental groups.
And unfortunately for consumers, the animal agriculture industry is doing everything in its power to keep people hooked on meat and dairy; just turn on the TV and it's clear that there's big money in bacon, Big Macs, and extra cheese.
But regardless of any hype, the truth is that transitioning to a vegan diet is incredibly easy in this era. Plant-based food options abound in supermarkets, fast food joints, and restaurants; the list of celebrity vegans and plant-based proponents grows by the minute; and Instagram, Pinterest, and Facebook are filled with recipes, information, diet plans, and support groups. There's literally never been a better — or more important — time to go vegan.
Vegans show solidarity at the women's march. Photo via Vegans for Peace.
Ending Heart Disease and Type II Diabetes
The environment isn't the only crisis that can be cured with a plant-based diet. The ranks of uninsured Americans are likely to grow significantly in the coming years, and we all need to protect ourselves. Many health experts — such as the folks at the prestigious Physician's Committee for Responsible Medicine — agree that opting out of eating animal products is the best form of preventative care for the most prevalent of health problems.
The leading causes of death in our nation — heart disease, type II diabetes, obesity, and many types of cancer — are largely preventable on a whole foods, plant-based diet. Take cardiovascular disease, for example. While it's commonly resolved through exorbitantly-priced, extremely invasive surgery — Dr. Caldwell Esselstyn's classic book, Prevent and Reverse Heart Disease, showed that a plant-based diet can reverse this all-too-common condition.
Major institutions are also getting on board with the growing body of evidence supporting vegan eating. The American Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics recently released a revised position paper acknowledging the health and environmental benefits of a vegan diet — as did a 2015 report from the government-sponsored Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee. Kaiser Permanente, the nation's largest health plan, actively advocates for plant-based living, and more and more doctors are offering plant-strong nutrition as a key component of patient care.
Turn on the news or troll a social media feed, and the buzz about plant-based eating seems to grow louder by the day. But it's not enough — not yet. Currently, vegans comprise less than two percent of the U.S. population (approximately). If we want to put a pin in climate change and reverse the multitude of public health crises, we need to make a large-scale shift towards vegan eating. More people need to opt into this lifestyle change, and the time is now.
Our planet needs protecting, before it's too late.
Eat Plants, Save the Planet
Right now, many people are feeling powerless. But we are not powerless. Change starts in the supermarket and at the kitchen table.
A 2015 study suggested that if everyone went vegan, we'd save eight million lives by 2050; reduce food-related greenhouse gas emissions by about 70 percent; and cut healthcare bills by about $1.5 trillion. The study's conclusions also suggest that curbing climate change will be essentially impossible without a large-scale shift to plant-based eating; in other words, small/incremental improvements won't be enough.
As we move into an era of uncertainty, going vegan is the best way to demonstrate our commitment to compassion, sustainability, and a better tomorrow. Together, we can change the world.
37th Street Lights along the street in 2006 Frequency annually Location(s) West 37th Street between Guadalupe Street and Home Lane
Austin, Texas Years active mid-1980s to present[1] Participants Tens of thousands[1]
37th Street is a street in Austin, Texas, known for its many houses that are decorated with Christmas lights.[1][2][3][4] The tradition attracts tens of thousands of visitors each year, though neighbor participation has decreased the past few years due to the original residents having moved away and more students renting homes in the neighborhood.[1][4][5]
History [ edit ]
In the mid-1980s, a couple of neighbors began bridging the street with Christmas lights left by other neighbors and found at fraternity and sorority houses near the University of Texas. Soon, other neighbors followed suit. Early participant Bob Godbout recalled, "It didn't start out as Christmas lights. It started out as a wild art form and stayed that way."[1]
In 1993, city workers removed lights strung from city poles due to fire hazard concerns. In response, street residents turned off all lights, resulting in numerous complaints directed at the city from visitors expecting light displays. City workers returned the following day to reinstall the lights.[1]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Thomas John Rowe (born May 23, 1956 in Lynn, Massachusetts) is an American ice hockey executive, former player and coach.  They are currently an advisor within the Florida Panthers organization in the National Hockey League (NHL).
Career [ edit ]
Selected by the Washington Capitals in the 1976 NHL Entry Draft, Rowe also played for the Hartford Whalers and Detroit Red Wings. They were also a member of the United States national team at the 1977 Ice Hockey World Championships. Rowe was the first American born player to score 30 or more goals in an NHL season. They accomplished this feat in the 1978–79 season with the Washington Capitals. That season they scored 31 goals in 69 games.
Rowe was an assistant coach for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League from 2008 until 2011. Rowe previously coached the Albany River Rats and Lowell Lock Monsters. Tom Rowe won a Stanley Cup championship with the Carolina Hurricanes in 2006.
On April 9, 2012, Rowe was announced as the new head coach of hockey club Lokomotiv Yaroslavl.
On November 9, 2013, Rowe was announced as the new head coach of the San Antonio Rampage, the AHL farm team for the Florida Panthers. In 2015, when the Panthers relocated their AHL affiliation to Portland, Maine, Rowe became head coach of the Portland Pirates. During their first season with the Pirates, Rowe left the club mid-season when they were promoted by the Panthers to take up a position as the associate general manager on January 1, 2016.[1] On November 27, 2016, Rowe fired head coach Gerard Gallant and took over as head coach.[2]
On April 10, 2017, Rowe was demoted from their role as head coach and general manager but stayed with the Panthers organization as an advisor to president and general manager Dale Tallon.[3]
Career statistics [ edit ]
Regular season and playoffs [ edit ]
International [ edit ]
Year Team Event GP G A Pts PIM 1977 United States WC 3 0 0 0 2
Head coaching record [ edit ]
Team Year Regular season Post season Games Won Lost OTL Points Finish Won Lost Win % Result FLA 2016–17 60 24 26 10 (58) 6th in the Atlantic — — — Missed playoffs NHL Totals 60 24 26 10 58 — — —
References [ edit ]
The landslide tore through a quarry used by Exxon in January, killing at least 25 people in the poor South Pacific country, but it has stirred little international publicity, even though an expert report had questioned the safety of the excavations.
The controversy also raises some familiar issues aired by critics of "big oil" in previous disasters: a pressure to deliver results, contractors found to have cut corners and remote operations that limit government oversight.
Exxon, which was using the quarry to produce rock and gravel needed to develop the upstream end of its gas-export project, has said it is unclear what caused the disaster in Papua New Guinea's steep, heavily wooded Southern Highlands.
The Papua New Guinea government has denied the quarry contributed to the landslide, but local villagers, environmental activists and an international landslide expert are unconvinced and want a thorough, independent investigation -- something that shows no sign of happening despite evidence that quarrying work was being rushed to meet tight construction deadlines.
Less than 12 months before the landslide, an independent consultant, Italian firm D'Appolonia, found Exxon's quarrying operations did not meet the environmental and social standards demanded by the company's creditors and it concluded that workers had been under pressure to meet deadlines.
"The overall impression of (the consultant) is that incidents and situations have developed because the project has circumvented correct procedures in the interest of schedule...," D'Appolonia said in a report dated March last year and commissioned by the project's main creditors.
"The project will need to make sure that schedule does not dominate decisions," it added.
The report, compiled by a firm that also counts Italian energy group Eni and the European Commission among its clients, was sitting in a corner of Exxon's website when, just before dawn on January 24, a mountainside collapsed above one of several quarries Exxon was running in and around the site.
A villager recalled hearing a loud crack ring out across the valley as the slope gave way, collapsing through the Tumbi quarry and burying homes that had been perched beneath it. The disaster left a trail of debris stretching more than 500 meters (500 yards) and also carved through a road into the project.
All of the bodies of those killed remain buried in the debris, according to the provincial governor.
"I have never seen this type of (landslide) before in my life in that area," the villager, Hipson Puma, 39, said by telephone.
Exxon said it had closed the Tumbi quarry in August last year, five months before the landslide, because it no longer needed to use it and had taken heed of the D'Appolonia report, making the site secure. It also notes that landslides are common in that part of the Southern Highlands.
"This was a significant landslide, and we, like many others, want to know how it occurred so we can understand the environment in which we'll be operating, given we'll be in this region for many years to come," spokesperson Rebecca Arnold said, when asked if Exxon would support an independent inquiry.
Exxon operates the project and owns 33.2 percent of it. Australian companies Oil Search and Santos also hold significant stakes, with 29 percent and 13.5 percent respectively, while the state-run National Petroleum Company of Papua New Guinea owns 16.8 percent. Japan's Nippon Oil Exploration has 4.7 percent and local landowner group Mineral Resources Development Company 2.8 percent.
D'Appolonia also said, in a later report, that conditions at the Tumbi quarry had improved by August.
But some locals say Exxon had expanded the quarry too rapidly -- a charge it denies -- and they are using the March report to support their claim that the oil company was to blame.
The Exxon spokesperson said they did not have information on how much the quarry had been expanded. The company had planned to relocate 14 households to make way for the works at the site, which had been used for smaller excavations for many years before it reopened for the project in 2010. A map of the original plans for the site show it intended to double its size in terms of area over 24 months. It used the quarry for 15 months.
NO SIGN OF INDEPENDENT INQUIRY
David Petley, director of Durham University's International Landslide Centre, in Britain, said poorly managed quarries and mines often contributed to large landslides and that a thorough investigation could help prevent future disasters.
"My working hypothesis, which needs to be tested, is that the quarry played a role in increasing the susceptibility of the slope to failure. Rainfall was then the trigger for the final collapse," said Petley, a geography professor who has offered to help with any investigation.
"The fact that problems with (the quarry's) operation had been identified by independent consultants strengthens that possibility, but it remains far from certain without a proper investigation," Petley added.
The Papua New Guinea government, a part-owner of the development, the nation's largest ever, has given no indication that it will conduct an independent inquiry into the disaster.
The Papua New Guinea National Disaster Centre conducted what it calls an "initial report," concluding that the trigger for the landslide was heavy rainfall. It does not mention whether or not the quarry had been ruled out or had even been considered as a contributing factor to the landslide.
The centre, which is responsible for recommending a more detailed investigation, says a landslide of that magnitude had not occurred in Papua New Guinea since 1998. But the centre's chief, Martin Mose, said there were no plans for an inquiry.
They gave no clear reason.
"There is still not discussion of a detailed investigation," Mose said last month by phone from Port Moresby, the capital.
"We haven't sanctioned anything yet. An investigation of that magnitude can be taken later on," they said, without giving a timeframe. They added that it was up to the government, not independent experts, to carry out any full investigation.
TOO MUCH OF A HURRY?
The upstream gas field is being carved out of remote highlands, where communities live in thatched huts and tend small, terraced farms. It will feed gas by pipe to a liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant, which is scheduled to start up in 2014 and is estimated to boost the national economy by a quarter.
Endowed with resources, Papua New Guinea hopes the project will revive its patchy investment reputation: its Bougainville copper mine, one of the world's largest, has been dormant for more than 20 years because of local unrest, and in the past 10 years foreign investors have pulled out of its Ok Tedi copper mine after years of environmental complaints.
Some villagers, a local landowner and community groups reached by phone say they suspect both Exxon and the government are in too much of a hurry to bring the project onstream. Even after the disaster, some complained that the recovery effort gave too much priority to re-opening the project's access road.
"We are talking about a quarry mountain collapsing," said Joseph Warai, the director of Community Based Health Services, who has been working in the area for years and believes it is "obvious" the landslide was caused by the excavations.
"Our government is also an investor, so who really represents the people in especially this type of disaster...?" Warai said. "You're looking at the state being a player and we seem to have no neutral regulator."
A call to the office of the Papua New Guinea works minister, who is responsible for disaster recovery, was not returned.
Exxon denied it had ever put timetables ahead of safety.
"(Exxon's local unit) Esso Highlands absolutely considers safety and responsible operations more important than schedule commitments, and our actions have been consistent with those priorities," Arnold, the firm's spokesperson, said in an email.
In noting some of the shortcomings of the quarrying operation, the D'Appolonia report also ruled out any suggestion that Exxon or its quarry contractors, Clough Curtain Brothers Joint Venture and McConnell Dowell Consolidated Contractors joint venture, had deliberately compromised safety.
It found workers on the ground were dedicated and gave a positive impression, despite citing several earlier mishaps across the project, including a mudslide in which no one was hurt.
But, overall, the consultant highlighted the pressure on workers to meet schedules -- a pressure that industry analysts say is only increasing as Exxon nears the 2014 target date for starting LNG deliveries. Before the landslide, some analysts had already expected the project could slip back until 2015.
"Any delay, no matter what the reason ... means more money. Anytime a project's delayed, it's going to increase the capital expenditure for the project. That would affect the economics of the project," said Natalie Bravo, an analyst with PFC Energy.
A delay in PNG LNG would also force Exxon to scramble to find enough gas to supply its customers, who have already signed long-term contracts with the company starting in 2014.
OTHER CONCERNS
The project is one of the most complex LNG developments ever built, experts say. It will pipe gas over hundreds of km (miles) of mountainous terrain to the LNG plant near Port Moresby, with the project partners building new roads as they go.
"The challenges were huge. I wouldn't be surprised if there were cost and time overruns," said Tony Regan, an LNG analyst with Tri Zen International in Singapore.
The Exxon project runs several quarries in and around its Southern Highlands gas field, and the Tumbi operation was not the only one that drew criticism from D'Appolonia.
The consultant also raised concerns about safety at the neighboring Tameya quarry, about half a kilometer away but not damaged by the landslide. The Tameya quarry was flagged as unsafe in March 2011, and deemed a possible threat to human life.
By August, D'Appolonia had determined that the "conditions" at Tameya had not changed, though a project creditor, ANZ bank, says that an unpublished report from a November site visit has since given it a clean bill of health.
D'Appolonia's lead consultant declined to comment on the reports. It was hired by lenders to ensure the project met the environmental and social requirement of the loan agreements.
SIMMERING DISCONTENT
Impartial public oversight of operations in such a remote region can be difficult.
Local tribal chiefs are likely to have more power than the federal government, and basic logistics such as transport and accommodation can be difficult. During the National Disaster Centre's initial report into the disaster, Exxon provided logistics, transport and accommodation for the government team.
With no full independent investigation on the horizon, there are concerns that landowners could seek out their own justice.
The project has been plagued from its inception by disgruntled landowners who feel they are not being dealt their fair share of the windfalls from the project. Early work was delayed in 2009 due to landowner concerns.
Anderson Agiru, the Southern Highlands provincial governor, says they believe the landslide was a natural disaster but that an investigation is needed to clear the air.
"We are talking about a large number of lives being lost here... it's very sensitive and it's in their interests to desensitize this problem because it has the potential to become explosive, especially in light of the huge investments in the PNG LNG (project) in the area," they said by telephone.
"The pace at which the office of emergency and disaster, the government is moving in relation to this is too slow, far too slow. They need to act with some speed," Agiru said.
Source: Reuters
In this week's List, we're doing the obvious… ranking our staff's top ten Most Wanted MMOs of 2014. The new year is just a day away, so it's time we took stock of the ten games, expansions, and so forth we're most looking forward to in the next twelve months (given that all of these listed titles actually hit their expected launch dates). So tarry no more, read on, and dig our list of the Most Wanted MMOs for 2014. Be sure to leave your own thoughts in the comments and tell us where we went right or wrong, too. And before you say anything: we didn't include Star Citizen because it's not technically supposed to fully launch until early 2015.
advertisement advertisement
10. The Repopulation
A huge open sci-fi sandbox with a focus on crafting and cross-faction warfare? Yes please. The Repopulation has been very open and engaged about the experience they're seeking to deliver when the game launches in 2014, with updates coming fast and furious. We've been keeping our eyes on this one for months now, and 2014 should prove whether or not Josh Halls' magnum opus is worth the wait.
9. Elite: Dangerous
One of a slew of games funded by Kickstarter, Elite: Dangerous (like others on this list) is blurring the lines of what it means to be an MMO by being both playable completely offline or in an MMO-like persistent universe. It's also the spiritual successor to one of the greatest space dogfighting games ever and will embrace the Oculus Rift, so we're pretty psyched to get our hands on Elite come March.
8. The Division
Due out at the end of 2014, Tom Clancy's The Division looks like one of many MMOs that are coming to consoles… and serving as a reason to pick up a PS4 or XB1 for many interested. Luckily, PC gamers are getting this near-future MMO shooter too where players react and engage a lifelike ravaged NYC, where martial law is in effect and humanity is on its last legs. Plus, you can play with your friends from work on your iPad as a drone if you can't be at your PC or console. And that's just awesome.
7. Destiny
Halo revolutionized the FPS for modern day gamers, and Bungie is now hoping to do the same for MMO shooters, though they're keen to not really call Destiny an MMO. Regardless of terminology, this console based MMOFPS oozes depth and scope like few other games. And who doesn't want their own AI companion voiced by Peter Dinklage? If it lives up to the hype, Destiny could be a game of the year not just for MMOs, but across all platforms and genres.
6. ArcheAge
XLGAMES' ArcheAge should finally be making its way to the US in 2014, courtesy of Trion Worlds. The Korean version has been a success initially, followed by struggles and changes in its monetization, but the anticipation for one of the genre's most sought after sandboxes doesn't seem to be waning. In a game where you can almost literally do and be anything you want from pirate to farmer, we're all waiting anxiously to get our hands on an English-ified version and see if the gameplay is as engaging as we hope.
5. World of Warcraft: Warlords of Draenor
Heresy, right? Putting ArcheAge below Warcraft on a Most Wanted list? Thing is, Blizzard's latest planned expansion looks very promising in everything from the revamped character models to the team's new approach to creating zones and player housing known as Garrisons. While it may be nearing its 10th year, and while many would argue it's seen better days, you'd still be hard-pressed to find a more fully-featured MMORPG.
4. Elder Scrolls Online
There's a lot of arguing surrounding Elder Scrolls Online, from people who think it's the Holy Grail to those who think it's going to be an utter failure. Us though? We just think it's going to be a polished and engaging addition to the Elder Scrolls series. It may not be everyone's cup of tea, but ESO is shaping up to be an excellent PVE themepark with a bit of sandbox PVP thrown in with the inclusion of Alliance Warfare in Cyrodiil.
3. EverQuest Next: Landmark
While EQ Next proper is not due out until 2015, Landmark looks new and interesting enough to whet all of our appetites. While there was confusion if it was going to be an actual MMO, Landmark will be what SOE likes to call the creative and cooperative partner to EQ Next's more story-focused and traditional MMO. Players will literally help build and shape a new Norrath, with combat, exploration and crafting taking center stage.
2. Shroud of the Avatar: Forsaken Virtues
The spiritual successor to Ultima Online, driven by much of that game's staff, and featuring both MMO play and completely offline adventuring. Need we really say more? We're betting and hoping and wishing this will be Lord British's triumphant return to the RPG and MMO landscape.
1. WildStar Online
If you had asked us a few months back, there's no way WildStar would have topped this list. But then we got to play it, and we're still playing it. Though Carbine's MMO is still in a beta where the progress will be wiped before launch, many of us find ourselves logging in often to experience Nexus and hijinks and hilarity that it has to offer. Some are calling it WoW 2.0, and that's not an entirely off-base statement. In a lot of ways, it's like Vanilla Azeroth reimagined with better combat, more stuff to do, and an overall greater sense of wonder. Yes, Virginia, it's a Theme Park MMO, but it's also fun. And that's what counts most, when all is said and done.
Bill Murphy / Bill Murphy is the Managing Editor of MMORPG.com, RTSGuru.com, and lover of all things gaming. He's been playing and writing about MMOs and geekery since 2002, and you can harass them and their views on Twitter @thebillmurphy.
A Kickstarter campaign backed by Savvy Orders to reopen the abruptly shuttered Paseo has fizzled out. The campaign was trying to raise $250,000 "to buy and re-open Paseo, hire the original employees, and provide livable wages and benefits."
GeekWire reports that after a surge of support topping $40K, critical posts about the campaign "put an abrupt halt to incoming donations." In fact, backers have withdrawn more than $5,000 in the last few days, with new pledges remaining stagnant.
In an update posted yesterday on its Kickstarter page, Savvy Orders says that when "some of the previous employees explained that they were not interested in working with us, we offered to turn the Kickstarter over to them."
...as one of the previous employees put it, "[T]he recipes [are] their old boss' best chance at starting over", the last thing we want to do is stand in the way of someone making a living by acquiring their recipes through bankruptcy proceedings. We gave it our all and tried to do what we thought would be best for Paseo lovers. But at this point, it seems highly unlikely that Paseo will be reopened and restored to its original glory by us.
Greg Gans, owner of Savvy Orders, tells GeekWire they were "surprised" by the response of former Paseo employees after reaching out: "They wouldn't even have a conversation with us or hear us out." Their offer to turn the campaign over to staff last received no response from many, "except for a couple of them who have said ‘please don't contact us.'"
So, why did Magic make their sudden announcement that he's leaving ESPN, less than three weeks before the NBA season begins? An announcement so sudden that the newest addition to NBA Countdown, Doris Burke, appears to have had no idea it was going down?
ESPN sources tell us that Johnson's departure was the result of an old-fashioned power war, with one very clear winner: Bill Simmons. "It's Simmons's show now," said one source.
Magic apparently was not at all happy when ESPN told their buddy Michael Wilbon that their role on NBA Countdown would be diminished. They were "booted," according to one source. Another ESPN insider also said that Magic was "privately seething over the Wilbon thing and in general did not like that Simmons held all the power and influence." Magic didn't necessarily need the power, our sources explained; they just didn't feel like kowtowing to Simmons when he's, well, Magic Johnson.
"The bottom line is they turned that show over to Simmons," said our source. "That's why Doug Collins got hired and why Wilbon was out."
Advertisement
And that's a very large part of why Johnson decided to bolt the show at the 11th hour. ESPN announced the news this afternoon and said that Johnson informed the network of their decision today. Johnson said in a statement they were leaving "due to the nature of my schedule and other commitments, I don't feel confident that I can continue to devote the time needed to thrive in my role."
Now, the show belongs entirely to Simmons. He's losing star power with Magic Johnson's departure, but he's not necessarily losing a key component of a studio show that had a much-improved but still uneven 2012-2013 season. ESPN said it's still "determining our NBA commentator roles for the upcoming season." Simmons will be able to get a proper host in for the show. He'll be able to shape it however they want.
Such is their power now at ESPN. "The shadow president," a source called him.
The Bob Crow Brigade (BCB), a group of British and Irish volunteers fighting in northern Syria named after a famous British trade union leader, are edging closer to the Islamic State stronghold of Raqqa.
A spokesperson from the BCB told Middle East Eye that the group was based on the “Raqqa front” around 30 miles from the IS group's de facto capital.
The BCB is named after the late leader of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT), who was known for their down-to-earth combative style and a staunch supporter of left-wing causes. They died in 2014.
The spokesperson described the BCB as the “British and Irish section of the International Freedom Battalion (IFB)”, a group of left-wing foreign volunteers working as part of the pro-Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) in the area of northern Syria known as Rojava by Kurds.
“The IFB, like the International Brigades that went to fight in defence of the Spanish Republic from the fascist military forces in the 1930s, was formed by volunteers who, as a result of their political convictions, have joined the struggle to defend the Rojava revolution against the fascist threat of Islamic State,” said the BCB spokesperson.
'Women-led' struggle
The partner of the one of the BCB volunteers told the UK's Morning Star newspaper that they were "very proud" that their partner was fighting for a "women-led struggle".
“Having someone close to you in such a dangerous place, on the front-line fighting IS, is obviously worrying. I am however very proud of my fiance, they are brave and dedicated in fighting against all forms of fascism, including the mysogynistic and oppressive IS," they told the paper.
“The Rojava revolution is a women-led struggle in a region where women's rights are few. So as a feminist and a socialist, I understand the importance of the international volunteers and the support they provide to the revolutionary struggle.”
On Saturday, the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a group which includes the YPG as well as other Arab and Kurdish fighters, liberated the city of Manbij in northern Aleppo province from IS.
US officials, who have backed the SDF with training, air strikes and financial support, have suggested that completion of the Manbij operation could create the conditions to move on Raqqa.
According to the Institute for Strategic Dialogue, about 300 fighters from 26 countries are operating alongside Kurdish fighters in Syria and Iraq against IS. Out of 193 whose affiliations could be identified, about a third are fighting alongside the YPG.
The Turkish Marxist-Leninist Communist Party (MLKP), reportedly the largest group within the IFB, has described the grouping as an attempt to resurrect the spirit of the international brigades who travelled to Spain in the 1930s to fight alongside republican forces against the fascist forces led by General Franco.
Many foreign left-wing activists have hailed Rojava's “democratic confederalist” ideology - a democratic socialist theory heavily derived from the American anarchist and theorist Murray Bookchin - for presenting a secular progressive solution to the problems of the Middle East and for challenging IS and other Islamist groups on the battlefield.
British casualties
A number of foreign citizens, including British, have died fighting alongside the IFB and YPG.
In early August, it was reported that Dean Carl Evans, a 23-year old from Reading, had been killed fighting with Kurdish forces in northern Syria while attempting to capture the town of Manbij from IS.
Foreign fighters travelling to Syria to fight IS have proved controversial. While the YPG is not listed in the West as a terrorist organisation - unlike its sister organisation the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) - governments have released stern warnings against those attempting to join up.
According to Kurdish news site NRT, the UK Home Office has said those travelling to participate in conflicts abroad “may be committing offences”.
“Whether this is the case will depend on the circumstances and nature of the individual's activity,” it said.
“A decision on whether to prosecute will be made by the Crown Prosecution Service and police based on the evidence available.”
The YPG have been accused by Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch and members of the Syrian opposition of carrying out human rights abuses, with Amnesty alleging forced displacements and home demolitions by the group against Arabs in northern Syria - claims denied by the group.
Others, particularly supporters of the Syrian opposition, have accused the YPG and its allies of tacitly or directly supporting the government of President Bashar al-Assad by attacking other opposition groups not affiliated with IS, such as Ahrar al-Sham and the Free Syrian Army.
The MLKP, on the other hand, have previously denounced Assad as a “tool of China and Russia” and criticised those claiming Assad as an “anti-imperialist” leader.
Image via Shutterstock
I started saying yes when I was still a little girl.
Nice girls do, you know.
I said yes in the classroom, in the back seat of the school bus with papers flying overhead. I said yes at my friend's house, at sleepovers, tucked inside my Carebears sleeping bag. I said yes to boys with pimples and pocket protectors and yes to short, elderly English teachers in suntan pantyhose. I said yes to cashier and clerks, doctors and neighbors. I even said yes to a nun in the church basement.
It was always yes.
It was middle school, or even earlier really when it began happening all the time. I didn't seem like a ‘yes-girl' at first glance–I was just a white kid with a blond afro, wearing red tights and a acid washed jean skirt. I had friends–band friends—but enough, anyway. I smiled a lot and rose my hand to answer the questions I knew the answers to. Maybe I was smart enough, but I wasn't a fabulous student. I liked to make people laugh. I was a little too loud. I was, altogether, just…nice.
But I was hiding something dark, something that remains with me still, even though I am now quite old enough to know better. It's taken me 20 years to admit it, but the problem is real and it never seems to go away, no matter how hard I try to shake it.
I couldn't (and I still can't) say no.
It's not the word NO itself that I can not say, of course.
I can form the nasal consonant “n” and let my breath whoosh out the “ooooo”. It's really quite easy.
I can use the word in casual conversation: “No way, you did not just tell me that everything is half off tomorrow at the thrift store! No!”
I can sob it loudly, pounding my fist into my pillow: “No, no, no—it can't be! Why didn't any one tell me about the half off sale?”
I can scream it into my reflection in the mirror, when no one is at home: “NOOOOOOO! YOU HEAR ME? I. SAID. NO!!!!!!”
But when you ask me to babysit your pet Parakeet with Tourette's Syndrome while you go hiking in Mozambique for 4 months? I will, inexplicably, unwillingly and yet, begrudgingly tell you yes.
They only eats the homemade leather of organic mangoes? I must drive three hours weekly to purchase said mangoes and do I mind using my own teeth to chew them into bite sized pieces so they don't get lodged in their beak? Of course they do. Of course I don't mind. Yes.
Can I call you daily at 2 AM Eastern Time (8 am Mozambique time) so Mr. Peepers can chirp you a happy morning rendition of On Top of the World? You bet.
If saying yes is a disease, I have a fatal case for which there seems to be, even after such advances in technology as the internet and breast implants, absolutely no cure. It is, apparently, a lifelong affliction that results in being the only driver in the carpool, the assistant leader of the Tiger Scouts, missing a number two pencil cause you gave the last one away on test day, the last one to the table when the cake is being served and keeper of Parakeets with an affinity for Imagine Dragons and curse words.
And the affliction is often, very loud, very time-consuming and very, very painful.
There is no cure for Excessive Yes-ing. And trust me, I've searched. There is no self-help audio program (if there were and someone came hocking it door to door, I'd surely buy it—how could I say “no” when the introductory offer of $99.99 ends tomorrow?).
The case for a delay had seemed airtight to many legal experts. Last month, a state district court declared that a 2011 supplier-secrecy law, which officials said they needed to coax companies to supply scarce execution drugs, was unconstitutional. In effect, the court agreed that the condemned have a right to know how they will be put to death and to question, at least, whether the untested drug combination the state says it will use, from sources it refuses to reveal, could amount to cruel and unusual punishment.
Image Clayton Lockett Credit Oklahoma Department of Corrections, via Associated Press
The case is part of a growing legal battle nationally over secrecy in methods of execution, as traditional drugs have become scarce and states have engaged in covert scrambles to find new drug combinations and manufacturers. Oklahoma officials say they must offer secrecy because potential manufacturers fear reprisals for involvement with the death penalty.
The decision overturning Oklahoma's supplier-secrecy law, made March 26 by Judge Patricia Parrish, is now under appeal. But in the meantime, Judge Parrish said, it was up to the state's Court of Criminal Appeals to issue a stay of execution while the issue plays out.
The defendants applied to that court, but it asserted that under its governing statute, it had no jurisdiction because the condemned men had no pending case before their court, such as an appeal of their convictions or sentences.
So the lawyers appealed to the Oklahoma Supreme Court. Last Thursday, in the latest of several increasingly pointed go-rounds, the Supreme Court said that the Oklahoma Constitution gave it the authority to decide matters of court jurisdiction and that the Court of Criminal Appeals was misreading its own statute and should handle the request for an emergency stay.
+ 29
Architects Andrew Bromberg of Aedas
Location 1 Vista Exchange Green, Singapore
Category Theaters & Performance
Client Rock Productions Pte Ltd and CapitaMalls Asia Limited
Area 62000.0 sqm
Project Year 2012
Text description provided by the architects. The project aims to become a vibrant civic node with a 5,000-seat cultural theater and a food-and-beverage oriented retail sector, working together to enhance each other's viability.
The site is located within the larger one-north master plan at Buona Vista, Singapore, which was established to create a regional centre for a wide variety of civic and cultural activities and promote innovation and creativity. In keeping with one-north's bold vision it was paramount that the architectural response to the client's brief married the functional and technical requirements of an iconic architectural form.
In addition, the master plan sets out detailed planning constraints in terms of pedestrian connectivity, building envelope, height control, retaining of site topography and key site features, as well as retaining/transplanting of mature trees of significance.
• Retention of the Natural Site Topography – The Urban Planning Guidelines required that the original topographical levels were to be retained and certain significant site features were to be emphasised. The building responds to the variance in levels (from +118.50 FFL to +111.00 FFL) by splitting the ground floor into Level 1 (accessing from the south, southeast and west) and Level 2 (accessing from the north and northeast).
• The varying access and drop-off points that range from +111.0 FFL to +115.0 FFL are integrated into the open plaza, welcoming visitors from all major connection points.
• The hilltop feature that rises from a ground level of +111.00 FFL to +118.50 FFL is re-created by a series of stepped terraces, housing also the VIP drop-off point at The Star Performing Arts Centre.
• Pedestrian Connectivity – A naturally ventilated porous ground plate with a 35m high grand plaza at its core opens up to the main pedestrian flows from the MRT, one-north Park and other future developments.
• Integration of Civic Spaces – Informal civic spaces are thoughtfully integrated into the lower floors of the building at Basement 1, Level 2 and Level 3, creating several landscaped communal zones where performances, exhibitions, gatherings and other civic activities can be hold.
Constraints on gross floor area (GFA) available for the Civic and Cultural Zone also required MEP arrangements to be optimised and stacked to free up GFA for the more critical performances, lobby and circulation spaces within.
The Star Vista
The design for the retail space responds to the challenging site topography as the zone spirals inwards to address the major entry points and culminate in an open amphitheatre. The complex allows an array of rich and varying activities to take place inside the building whilst maintaining functionality.
Faceted glass fissures dissolve big masses and create a dynamic composition of positive and negative spaces as well as a sense of balance. The south elevation is completely opened up and its facilities are clearly visible from outside. The building is an organic object opening to public discovery. One can crawl under, move through, transverse around and climb onto the complex via a series of ramps, escalators, terraces and public gardens. All circulations, movements and internal forms are soft and sinuous as if the civic activities have shaped the inside of the complex.
Soft transition occurs vertically from the public, open retail to the private, enclosed theatre. The entire sequence and transition is linked visually and spatially to the 33m high grand foyer, connecting the below-ground retail and the top glass floor of the theatre's main lobby and exposing the volume floating above.
The Star Performing Arts Centre
The civic and public components of The Star Performing Arts Centre are paramount and outwardly expressed. Same as The Star Vista, the south elevation is opened up to present the inner workings of the facility as a ‘visible section'. The mass of the theatre floating above is faceted with glass fissures, and utilises custom made ribbons with acoustic render for cladding, which help dissolve and break down the mass above, playing with a composition of positive and negative readings and in balance with the lower portions of solid and void.
The theatre contains over 5,000 seats with two balconies, by far the largest venue of its kind in Singapore and is capable of staging musicals, concerts and other large scale performances. A cavity wall system prevents sound and vibrations coming in from the lobbies and external environment. The entire steel structure of the theatre is contained in a traditional 'box within a box' approach.
Sustainability
The Star is first and foremost a social building. Its design aims to provide an active and welcoming social interface for the local neighborhood through the publicly accessible forecourt and retail areas.
A series of climate ameliorated outdoor spaces that accentuate natural air movement has been created to protect visitors against Singapore's tropical rain and sun while at the same time providing outdoor patrons physiological cooling.
To avoid confining and air conditioning public spaces as in many other parts of Singapore, the form of the building is shaped to collect prevailing northerly and southerly breezes and accelerate through the outdoor spaces, creating comfortable outdoor seating areas for patrons to socialize in a healthy outdoor environment.
Canopies are installed to provide shelter from direct sun and rain, further collect breezes and control the visual contrast between inside and outside environments to enhance occupants' sensory comfort.
The aspiration for this building is to become an exemplar of both sustainable and passive design. With the use of the first principles in passive design, it complements and integrates with its surroundings.
Computational Fluid Dynamics is used to optimize natural and physiological ventilation effects and create comfortable thermal conditions in the common and circulation areas that would otherwise have to be air conditioned.
A hybrid ventilation strategy is also implemented to maximise comfort in areas where comfortable conditions cannot be achieved by natural ventilation alone. A mechanically assisted evaporative cooling system which employs high volume, low speed fans is deployed in the basement civic plaza, providing air movement that is required for outdoor thermal comfort while avoiding mechanical refrigeration.
The orientation of the development was optimised by using building physics techniques. Daylight, solar heat gain, glare, and thermal comfort were all analysed. East and west exposure was reduced to minimise the overall solar heat gain. The design, performance and window to wall ratio of the facade were optimized to maximize daylight in occupied areas and also further control solar heat gain.
In addition to the holistic passive design by the first principles described above, the development also implements a number of strategies to reduce overall energy consumption:
• Energy efficient lifts and escalators with VVVF and sleep mode features reduce energy consumption.
• Motion sensor lighting controls in common areas such as staircases and toilets reduce lighting consumption.
• An underfloor displacement ventilation system in the auditorium reduces cooling requirements and energy consumption by delivering cool air at a slightly higher temperature at the occupied levels.
• Ductless fans with CO sensors are used in the basement car parks, minimising system resistance and reducing energy consumption.
• The open space retail design brings a huge energy savings in air conditioning.
The current savings in air conditioning systems, air conditioning pumps and cooling tower for the development are 20%, 39.1% and 29% respectively. The overall energy saving is currently estimated at 15% compared to a non-sustainably designed development, and it is estimated to operate at about 499kWh/m2/ annum. These figures meet the requirements of the BCA Green Mark Gold rating.
The design of the development also focuses on reducing potable water consumption and water pollution. Rain water and air conditioning condensate water is collected and used as alternative water source to irrigate site planting. This alternative water source is also used for the cooling tower, which is supplemented by the city's NEWater (treated unused water) without the need for potable water.
Besides, infiltration trenches throughout the site help reduce stormwater runoff, minimising stress on local infrastructure and reducing pollution. In addition to these initiatives, sub-meters for all major water uses are linked to the building management system to monitor water consumption and help set water saving guidelines in the future.
In addition to maximizing human comfort and minimizing operational resource consumption, issues such as transportation, waste management and air quality were also considered when designing the development. The following list outlines the additional initiatives that are implemented within the site.
• Original trees on site were removed during construction and restored post construction.
• Recycled horticultural waste is used for compost.
• Recycling bins are provided for operational waste diversion.
• The building is located in close proximity to the Buona Vista MRT station and public bus stations, promoting the use of public transport.
• Bicycle parking lots and associated facilities are provided.
• Recharging stations for hybrid and electric vehicles are available in car parks.
• A car park guidance system is installed to facilitate zoning and temporary closure of unoccupied areas when necessary.
• A refrigerant leak detection system is installed to avoid leaking of refrigerants.
• Low VOC paints and low formaldehyde adhesives were used to protect internal air quality.
• Environmental programmes were adopted during construction to minimise the overall environmental impact.
• Tenancy agreements limit tenants' power consumption. This development achieves a high level of social, economic, environmental, and ecological integration into this dense urban environment and sets new standards for the design of progressive public spaces in the tropics.
We already know that the players chose Osvaldo Alonso as their team MVP. Their consistent effort, defensive tenacity, and tidiness on the ball make Alonso an obvious choice. Lamar Neagle, DeAndre Yedlin, and Eddie Johnson all had standout years, as well. Is there a way we can quantitatively rank each squad player's effectiveness and value to the team? Let's look at a couple methods.
Here's the whoscored.com proprietary player ratings for the Sounders:
These ratings seem generally right, though they really don't give a full account of each player's contribution. With the help of Dave Laidig, who has a great "Points Above Replacement" website, I was able to calculate each Sounder's "points contributed" to the 52 accumulated on the season. The basis of these numbers is a modified Castrol Index rating.
R Name Point Contribution % Point Contribution % / 90 min 1 Lamar Neagle 5.11 9.8% 12.5% 2 Eddie Johnson 5.07 9.8% 17.3% 3 Obafemi Martins 3.77 7.2% 15.1% 4 DeAndre Yedlin 3.61 6.9% 7.8% 5 Osvaldo Alonso 3.25 6.3% 8.8% 6 Djimi Traore 3.23 6.2% 8.5% 7 Michael Gspurning 3.09 5.9% 7.3% 8 Leonardo Gonzalez 3.02 5.8% 7.7% 9 Jhon Kennedy Hurtado 2.88 5.5% 7.5% 10 Mauro Rosales 2.87 5.5% 7.8% 11 Zach Scott 2.80 5.4% 11.3% 12 Brad Evans 2.21 4.3% 7.4% 13 Clint Dempsey 1.91 3.7% 14.1% 14 Marc Burch 1.83 3.5% 9.3% 15 Andy Rose 1.82 3.5% 12.1% 16 Steve Zakuani 1.01 1.9% 12.0% 17 Shalrie Joseph 0.98 1.9% 9.8% 18 Patrick Ianni 0.93 1.8% 7.7% 19 Mario Roberto Martínez 0.87 1.7% 10.2% 20 David Estrada 0.68 1.3% 8.1% 21 Adam Moffat 0.34 0.7% 5.2% 22 Marcus Hahnemann 0.29 0.6% 4.7% 23 Alex Caskey 0.29 0.6% 3.9% 24 Eriq Zavaleta 0.05 0.1% N/A 25 Dylan Remick 0.05 0.1% N/A 26 Philip Lund 0.03 0.1% N/A Total 52
What do you think of the player ratings? Could you make a case for Lamar Neagle as MVP? Does either rate system make any sense or would you rather stick to what you see with your eyes?
The Linux Foundation is under fire over a recent article it posted on licensing, and it's hard to see why.
Image: iStockphoto/wabeno
For those who miss the inane religious debates of the early open source (I mean, free and open source) world, take heart: The ridiculous name calling and finger pointing is alive and well. For a perfect case study, take free software advocate Christine Hall's bizarre misreading of an innocuous Linux Foundation article entitled Five Legal Risks For Companies Involved in Open Source Software Development, since pulled down in the wake of weeping, wailing, and GNU'shing of teeth. Not content to leave roadkill well enough alone, the HackerNews community took up the battle, that debate overrun with words like "taint," "freeloading," and "locked up."
In a world that has so clearly embraced open source, how can we continue to waste time on such inanities as how many angels will fit on the head of a GPL'd pin?
Are we reading the same article?
Hall, described as "Grandmama Frump" on their own site, seems to be wired for angry free software invectives (and can be quite clever and funny), following in the cheery tradition of Richard Stallman, godfather of angry free software language. Even so, reading Hall's broadside against the Linux Foundation, it would be easy to jump to the conclusion that the foundation itself is Satan's tool for destroying freedom everywhere. Without any sort of warm-up, Hall wrote:
The Linux Foundation has no respect for FOSS. Nor does it seem [to] care about any users of Linux who aren't connected with the enterprise. It's been that way since the beginning. It now appears that the Foundation also has little respect for the GPL...you know, Linux's license. Nor does it appear to be much of a believer in the notion of transparency.
Um, ok. Now let's look at the post in question hosted on the Linux Foundation's site. Brace yourselves:
The most permissive licenses present little risk and few compliance requirements. These licenses include BSD and MIT, and others....In the middle of the spectrum are the so-called 'weak viral licenses' which require sharing source code to any changes made to the originally licensed code, but not sharing of other source code linked or otherwise bound to the original open source code in question [e.g., Mozilla Public License].... Restrictive Licenses present the most legal risk and complexity for companies that re-distribute or distribute software. These licenses are often termed 'viral' because software combined and distributed with this licensed software must be provided in source code format under the terms of those licenses. These requirements present serious risks to the preservation of proprietary software rights. The GNU General Public License is the archetype of this category, and is, in fact, the most widely used open source license in the world.
It's ok. You can now uncover your eyes. The evil has passed.
SEE: Why Linux creator Linus Torvalds doesn't really care about open source (TechRepublic)
What evil, you say? Exactly. The article is descriptive. It doesn't take sides. (I do, however, and can be counted to take sides against restrictive licenses like the GPL.) But that's me, and that's Hall, and we both have a long history fighting over licensing.
For the young'uns on HackerNews, however, what's their excuse?
Raising up a new generation of free sourcerors
The HackerNews crowd skews young, and should be somewhat removed from the FOSS wars of yesteryear. Judging from the (at times) heated discussion rolling there about Hall's article, we're raising a new generation of fighters.
One commentator called the Linux Foundation's article "a pretty major PR blunder," likening it to "Microsoft's website under some Get the Facts stamp" from a decade ago. Another dubbed it "propaganda by the anti-copyleft crowd," despite being hosted on the website of an organization set up to promote the world's most popular copyleft-licensed product (Linux). Others waded in with helpful commentary like this: "Proprietary code is toxic by nature."
Others countered the criticism by suggesting that "pretending that every project should be licensed under copyleft licenses or that there's no room for criticism of the GPL smacks of zealotry." For me, however, one of the best comments came from this observer: "There's a legitimate debate to be had about copyleft vs. less restrictive licenses, but articles like this aren't helping matters for GPL - all they do is strengthen the image of copyleft advocates as being extremists who are detached from reality."
Which strikes me as exactly right.
The article in question was pretty innocuous. The response is not. It hurts the very cause that free software advocates espouse, and is probably one more reason that permissive licenses like BSD and Apache have become dominant. In short, they come with far less attitude.
Open Source Weekly Newsletter You don't want to miss our tips, tutorials, and commentary on the Linux OS and open source applications. Delivered Tuesdays Sign up today
Also see
Copyright by WAVY - All rights reserved
VIRGINIA BEACH, Va. (WAVY) -- Virginia Beach police are looking to identify a woman they say used a stolen credit card at a local 7-Eleven.
The woman in the pictures was captured on surveillance images using the stolen card at the 7-Eleven located at 6100 Tidewater Drive in Norfolk on May 14.
Earlier that day, the cards had been reported stolen from an employee at the TGI Friday's located in the 700 block of Lynnhaven Pkwy. in Virginia Beach. The victim told police, between the hours of noon and 1 p.m., they had stepped outside the restaurant to answer a call and when they returned they noticed their Louis Vuitton wallet and credit cards were missing.
If you have any information about this crime, please call the Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP℠.
President Obama calls for “social justice.” They agree with the motley “occupiers” that the One Percent gets almost everything. Reagan and the Bush tax cuts burdened us with a tinderbox of inequality, they lecture us. The rich should pay their fair share. “Enough is enough.” We must create a “just” society that guarantees the poor a dignified life.
In a word, we must become like Europe, for whom Obama expresses open admiration.
Obama apparently does not know that the European countries that have become “fairer” over the past two decades are now basket cases of debt, social unrest, and an unaffordable welfare state. Those European countries that have had the discipline to become “less fair,” are, in the words of a sympathetic liberal columnist (The GOP scrambles for a bogeyman) “doing well economically, both in absolute terms and in contrast to us.”
We should be like Germany or Sweden but not like Greece, I guess. But Germany and Sweden are recovering from too much of the social justice that Obama wishes to impose on us, while Greece is falling apart in a sea of equality and justice.
Buried in OECD statistics is an innocuous table entitled “Gini coefficients (after taxes and transfers).” Gini coefficients are the most widely used measure of income inequality. A zero Gini means everyone has the same income. A unitary Gini means one family has all the income. Ginis therefore fall between zero and one. The higher the number, the greater the inequality.
The table shows the percentage increase (or decrease) in income equality for European countries after redistribution by the state through taxes and benefits. (The more positive the number, the greater the increase in inequality. Negative numbers show a reduction in inequality, as Obama would like.)
Percent Increase (decrease) in Inequality Sweden 0.061 Germany 0.034 Norway 0.028 Denmark 0.027 Italy 0.027 Netherlands 0.022 France -0.007 Greece -0.029 Ireland -0.037 Spain -0.054
Hold the presses! The OECD income-inequality statistics show the basket-cases of Europe – Greece, Ireland, and Spain – are the ones that increased their “fairness” over the past quarter century. France, on its way to becoming a basket case, has also become more “socially just,” but less so than its fairness addicts to the South. The only exception is Italy, which has become marginally “less fair,” but belongs among the basket-cases of Europe. Those countries in Northern and Central Europe, praised by the Democrat elite as doing so well – Sweden, Germany, Norway, and Netherlands -- have become “less fair.”
Sweden, Germany, Norway, and the Netherlands are doing well because they are going about the difficult process of correcting the excesses of the runaway welfare state.
Sweden fell from the world's fourth richest country to eleventh place after it adopted its “solidarity wage model” of universal health, early retirement, permanent unemployment coverage, seventy percent marginal tax rates, and four of six million Swedes living from the public purse. The Netherlands used its North Sea energy windfall to create a cradle-to-grave system that eventually placed fifteen percent of the generally-healthy able-bodied Dutch population on physical or mental disability. Denmark moved from a welfare to a workfare state, making it and the Netherlands “model cases of welfare reform in Western Europe.” Germany erected a system of long-term unemployment insurance and welfare payments that made public assistance more profitable than work for many. They had to recruit someone from private industry to tell them how to make work pay again.
Each of these countries has fought back, despite vociferous opposition from the Left, to create a “less fair” but better functioning social and economic system.
Europe's current basket cases will find it more difficult to reverse their runaway welfare states. The welfare constituency of public employees, early retirees, and the unemployed has become the dominant political voice and will not accept a return to sanity.
Europe warns us that the “Road to Serfdom” can be short. Northern Europe may have dodged the bullet at least for now, but it will again face pressure for a restoration of fairness when the political pendulum swings back to the left.
When the Berlin Wall fell, curious West Germans flocked to Wandlitz, the elite compound where the East German leadership lived. The visitors were shocked that they lived as well or better than the “One Percent” of East Germany. Communist East Germany had inadvertently created the type of society the “Occupy Wall Streeters” would get if their demands were met – a fair society in which the top dogs live no better than ordinary people in other societies.
Obama's liberal concept of fairness is in fact unfair because it leads to less for everyone. If we follow their campaign slogan, we will lose the initiative, self reliance, innovation, and risk taking that constitute the core of all successful societies and from which all citizens benefit.
The 2012 U.S. election will decide whether we will be Greece or Germany, or whether we live within a country-wide Wandlitz or outside its walls.
Over 2,000 incidents of sexual abuse and physical assaults have been reported at an Australian detention center for asylum seeker in Nauru.
A shocking leaked document shows the horrific level of abuse suffered over the last two years at the center on tiny Nauru, one of two detention centers run by the Australian government.
Yahoo News reports:
The closely protected camps, and Australia's hard-line immigration policy against illegal boat arrivals, have been widely criticized by the United Nations and human rights groups.
Under Australia's policy, asylum seekers intercepted at sea are sent to Nauru and another camp on Manus Island, in Papua New Guinea, and told they will never be settled in Australia.
The number of refugees and asylum seekers trying to reach Australia is tiny compared with Europe, but immigration has long been an emotive issue in Australia and the hardline immigration has bipartisan political support.
Australia said it was seeking to confirm all reports had been dealt with by Nauru police. “It's important to note many of these incident reports reflect unconfirmed allegations,” a spokesperson for Australia's Department of Immigration said.
The more than 2,000 leaked incident reports published by the Guardian cover the period between August 2013 and October 2015.
Children account for less than 20 percent of the roughly 500 detainees held on Nauru. They were 59 reports of assaults on children in the period, and seven reports of sexual assaults. Some of the reports alleged abuse by guards against children, while there are other reports of sexual advances by unknown men.
The reports also show there were 30 incidents of self-harm among children and 159 of threatened self-harm involving minors.
The remaining reports involving children cover a variety of issues, ranging from accidents to misbehavior.
One of the leaked incident reports said a child had “written in their book that they were tired, doesn't like the camp and wants to die … ‘I want death, I need death',”.
Refugee advocates said the leaked reports show the urgent need to end Australia's offshore detention policy and that asylum seekers must be given medical and psychological support.
“It is clear from these documents, and our own research, that many have been driven to the brink of physical or mental breakdown by their treatment on Nauru,” said Anna Neistat, senior director for research at Amnesty International.
How the physics of champagne and soda bubbles may help address the world's future energy needs
(Nanowerk News) Uncork a bottle of champagne, and as the pressure of the liquid is abruptly removed, bubbles immediately form and then rapidly begin the process of "coarsening," in which larger bubbles grow at the expense of smaller ones.
This fundamental nonequilibrium phenomenon is known as "Ostwald ripening," and though it is most familiar for its role in bubbly beverages, it is also seen in a wide range of scientific systems including spin systems, foams and metallic alloys.
On a much larger scale, Ostwald ripening can be observed in a power-generating turbine. Most power stations rely on boilers to convert water into steam, but the phase transition involved is highly complex. During the phase transition, no one is exactly sure what's occurring inside the boiler -- especially how bubbles form.
So a team of researchers from the University of Tokyo, Kyusyu University and RIKEN in Japan set out to find an answer. In The Journal of Chemical Physics ("Ostwald ripening in multiple-bubble nuclei"), the researchers describe how they were able to simulate bubble nucleation from the molecular level by harnessing the K computer at RIKEN, the most powerful system in Japan.
After multi-bubble nucleation, Ostwald ripening occurs because of the "coarsening" interaction between bubbles until only a single bubble remains.
At the heart of their work were molecular dynamics simulations. The basic concept behind these simulations is to put some virtual molecules in a box, assign them initial velocities and study how they continue moving -- by using Newton's law of motion to determine their position over time. There were major challenges in doing this, explained Hiroshi Watanabe, a research associate at the University of Tokyo's Institute for Solid State Physics.
"A huge number of molecules, however, are necessary to simulate bubbles -- on the order of 10,000 are required to express a bubble," Watanabe said. "So we needed at least this many to investigate hundreds of millions of molecules -- a feat not possible on a single computer."
The team, in fact, wound up simulating a whopping 700 million particles, following their collective motions through a million time steps -- a feat they accomplished by performing massively parallel simulations using 4,000 processors on the K computer. This was, to the best of their knowledge, the first simulation to investigate multi-bubble nuclei without relying on any artificial conditions.
"In the past, while many researchers wanted to explore bubble nuclei from the molecular level, it was difficult due to a lack of computational power," explained Watanabe. "But now, several petascale computers -- systems capable of reaching performance in excess of one quadrillion point operations per second -- are available around the world, which enable huge simulations."
The team's key finding? The time evolutions of bubbles are well described by a classical theory developed during the 1960s, a mathematical framework called "LSW theory" after its three developers -- Lifshift and Slyozov in Soviet Union and Wagner in Germany. While LSW theory has been shown to hold true for other systems, like ice crystals growing in so-called freezer-burned ice cream, prior to this work nobody had ever shown it also works for describing gas bubbles in liquid.
"While the nucleation rate of droplets in condensation is well predicted by the classical theory, the nucleation rates of bubbles in a superheated liquid predicted by the theory are markedly different from the values observed in experiments," Watanabe said. "So we were expecting the classical theory to fail to describe the bubble systems, but were surprised to find that it held up."
In other words, although Watanabe and colleagues had hoped their simulation would provide clues to help clarify why the classical theory fails to predict the rate of bubble nucleation, it remains a mystery.
As far as implications of the team's work, an enhanced understanding of the behavior of bubbles is very important for the field of engineering because it may enable the design of more efficient power stations or propellers.
What's next for the researchers? After exploring cavitation, they're now shifting their focus to boiling. "Bubbles appear when liquid is heated as 'boiling,' or as 'cavitation' when the pressure of the liquid decreases," said Watanabe. "Simulating boiling is more difficult than cavitation at the molecular level, but it will provide us with new knowledge that can be directly applied to designing more efficient dynamo."
Tweet
Here's a letter – obviously inspired by Deirdre McCloskey's Bourgeois Dignity – to the Washington Post:
You report that Mexico is now successful at producing lots of engineering graduates, but so far unsuccessful at employing this talent in ways that unleash substantial economic growth (“Mexico is now a top producer of engineers, but where are jobs?” Oct. 29). Herein lies an important economic lesson: those who wish to promote genuine economic growth must more carefully distinguish cause from effect.
That the United States surpasses Mexico at employing engineering (and other) talents creatively and productively is an effect of America's greater openness to competition and creative destruction, as well as of the fact that a significant number of Americans continue to admire and applaud the bourgeois virtues that fuel innovative commerce and industry. So in the U.S. the productive employment of engineers is less a root cause of America's economic success than an effect of America's underlying bourgeois-friendly institutions.
A successful modern economy does indeed productively use a large number of engineers, but the mere availability of a large number of engineers does not itself produce a successful modern economy.
Sincerely,
Donald J. Boudreaux
Professor of Economics
George Mason University
Fairfax, VA 22030
ALPINE — The community of Alpine banded together this morning to rescue a herd of elk that had fallen through the ice and would likely have drowned without intervention.
.
Just Another Day at Work
Seventeen-year-old Devan Wayne Thornock was one of the first on the scene. They were on their way to their masonry job with their boss at around 8:15 am when they noticed some odd shapes in Palisades Reservoir, just outside of Alpine.
When they pulled over to look, they discovered the shapes were a herd of 10-15 elk that had broken through the ice and were huddled together about 60 yards from the lake's edge.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
Thornock thought based on how exhausted the elk seemed, they had probably been there 30 minutes already.
The elk were likely on their way to the nearby National Elk Refuge, located just across the highway.
.
.
A Quick Rescue
A police officer had pulled up behind Thornock and their boss.
“We asked the police officer if we could go help the elk and they said we could,” said Thornock.
The three made their way onto the ice, checking the ice's stability as they made progress out to the elk.
Using hammers and shovels, they chipped away a kind of canal for the elk to follow to shallower water.
The men put a rope around the animal's head to lead them and lifted each elk back onto solid ground.
.
.
Exhausted Elk
Thornock said the animals were exhausted and most couldn't stand immediately after being fished out. But a couple of them still had enough wherewithal to deliver some stout kicks.
“I'm pretty sure I got kicked, but I don't remember because my adrenaline was pumping,” said Thornock. “My arm is so sore.”
.
.
Coming Together
Throughout the course of the 40-minute operation, more and more people showed up to help. Thornock said maybe 40-50 people pulled over to help.
Thornock said they couldn't have done it without the community coming together.
“It makes me feel pretty happy that so many people from Star Valley helped. Shows how much love we have for our mountains and our people,” said Thornock.
Thornock said it felt amazing to help the elk and work with their neighbors the way they did.
“I never pictured myself helping an elk get out of the water. I'd have never pictured that in my entire life,” they said.
.
ORIGINAL ARTICLE
On Friday, Hillary Clinton praised Nancy Reagan and their husband, former President Reagan, for starting a conversation about HIV/AIDS in the 1980s. However, it is widely accepted that the Reagans were very late in acknowledging HIV/AIDS.
In the interview with MSNBC, Clinton began by talking about "how difficult it was for people to talk about HIV/AIDS back in the 1980s."
They then said, though, "Because of both President and Mrs. Reagan — in particularly Mrs. Reagan — we started a national conversation, when, before nobody would talk about it, nobody wanted to do anything about it.'
Clinton continued: "That is, too, something I really appreciate with their very effective, low-key advocacy, but it penetrated the national consciousness, and people began to say, 'Hey, we have to do something about this, too.'"
President Reagan did not give a major public speech about HIV/AIDS until May 1987, nearly six years after the Centers for Disease Control first began noting the emergence of the disease.
By the time Reagan spoke, Randy Shilts reported in their book, And the Band Played On, it was known that more than 36,000 Americans had been diagnosed with AIDS — more than 20,000 of whom had died. Later data would show the numbers were significantly higher, with more than 41,000 dead by the end of 1987.
In 2015, BuzzFeed News published documentation showing, for the first time, that Nancy Reagan had, in 1985, declined to provide assistance requested by Rock Hudson to help fight the disease in France, with officials directing them instead to the U.S. Embassy there. Hudson died nine weeks later.
Throughout the Reagan administration, moreover, AIDS activists — led by groups like ACT UP — protested the federal government's inaction and, later, slow action at addressing the disease.
Their most famed slogan: "SILENCE = DEATH."
And while Clinton credited the Reagans with "start[ing] a national conversation" on HIV/AIDS, the White House press briefings from the early years of the disease show that — in news conferences in 1982, 1983 and 1984 — there was little conversation, and more laughter, about the disease between the White House press secretary and the press corps.
Asked about Clinton's comments, the head of the nation's largest LGBT rights organization — which has endorsed Clinton — avoided criticizing Clinton directly.
"While I respect their advocacy in other areas including stem cell and Parkinson's research, Nancy Reagan was, sadly, no hero in the fight against HIV/AIDS," Human Rights Campaign president Chad Griffin told BuzzFeed News.
One of those early ACT UP activists and the co-founder of Treatment Action Group, Peter Staley — featured prominently in the How to Survive a Plague documentary about the early years of the fight against HIV/AIDS — had words for Clinton, posting on Facebook: "Thank god I'm not a single issue voter, or they would have lost my vote with this insulting and farcical view of early AIDS history. Hillary just said that the Reagans helped start a "national conversation" about AIDS. WTF!!!!!"
About
Backed by Scott Cawthon - the creator of Five Nights at Freddy's!
Ever dreamed of playing a really awesome horror maze runner? A game where you are chased by horrifying monsters through realistic looking environments? So have we and that is exactly what we set out to create! The big difference being that we wanted to create a game that has a story arc, RPG elements, different enemies, and a larger world that contains various different horror environments. Here's what you can expect:
Engaging & suspenseful story arc.
Different enemies with different attack/movement patterns in each level.
Huge procedural levels
Fun gameplay mechanics.
RPG elements
Compatible with Oculus Rift (not needed to play the game though).
Extras (art gallery from super talented concept artists around the industry, story archives, and more!).
Amazing soundtrack by Jake Kaufman
USB controller support for PC users
*All images are from a pre-alpha build and are not representative of final work.*
MUSIC BY JAKE KAUFMAN
We are very excited to have the amazingly talented Jake Kaufman working with us as part of our team! Some of you might know their work from Wayforward games such as Duck Tales:Remastered, Mighty Switch Force, and Double Dragon Neon. Jake is doing the entire soundtrack for Dark Deception. Here's a sample of one of their tracks for Dark Deception:
STORY
You play as a cop on the run, fleeing from deeds you thought long buried. In desperation, you turn to the urban legend of Helen Bierce, a famous actor who vanished in 1930. Dark and disturbing rumors surrounded their disappearance at the time. Out of options and backed into a corner, your only chance is to dive headfirst into evil and hope to survive.
ENEMIES
The enemies that you face in Dark Deception will be different for every level. Besides looking different, they will also move, think, and attack differently. This will require players to form new strategies for each level in order to survive.
RPG ELEMENTS
In Dark Deception, you will be able to upgrade your characters abilities to better avoid enemies and traps.
WORLD
There are several environments players will have to survive - including a prison, sewer, school, carnival fun house, mall, etc. We don't want to spoil the surprise and show everything here. Every level is designed to present a different kind of horror atmosphere - both indoors and outdoors. Monsters won't be the only hazard though. Some levels will include deadly traps and obstacles as well.
Art Gallery
Some of our art friends from around the game industry (Gearbox, EA, Ubisoft, Rockstar, Guerilla Games, etc) have lent their talents to Dark Deception and created some fun unlockable art for the game as a bonus for fans!
This is a piece from Phil Wohr, an awesome concept artist who previously worked on Borderlands.
A small team of 2 - Vince Livings (artist/business guy) and Mark Henderson (coder). Collectively, we've worked with EA Sports, Riot Games, Konami, Zynga, Microsoft Games, etc.
So the big question: Why are we bringing this game to Kickstarter and asking for money? We originally planned to self-fund this game, but the scope of the game grew beyond what we could afford. We've gone as far as we can with our own money (which was actually pretty far) and need just a bit more to reach the finish line and guarantee a quality game.
The main areas we need the additional funding for are multiplayer and character animation. Naturally, the most talented contractors cost more. Every cent of Kickstarter money will be going towards speeding up development and making the game a richer experience. The more we make now, the better the game we can deliver.
Here's a brief list of how successful funding would allow us to improve the game:
Play the protector Adagio now as part of this week's free hero rotation! They can cane. They can bungle. They can support. They can carry. What can't Adagio do?! Try them free and see for yourself. (Quick tip: Safeguard your ultimate channel time with Reflex Block. Makes a huge difference.) The free hero rotation changes every Tuesday.
To unlock a specific hero in the Market to play anytime, you have two options:
Spend the Glory you accumulate for playing matches.
Purchase ICE with real money and use it to instantly unlock heroes.
ADAGIO
Adagio is one of the more complex heroes in the Halcyon Fold, so we strongly recommend you check out some VaingloryFire guides to understand their gameplay tactics and their most effective ability sequences.
JOULE
KRUL
SAW
KOSHKA
GLAIVE
Good luck, have fun … and see you in battle.
SAN FRANCISCO — More electronic books are coming to mobile phones.
In a move that could bolster the growing popularity of e-books, Google said Thursday that the 1.5 million public domain books it had scanned and made available free on PCs were now accessible on mobile devices like the iPhone and the T-Mobile G1.
Also Thursday, Amazon said that it was working on making the titles for its popular e-book reader, the Kindle, available on a variety of mobile phones. The company, which is expected to unveil a new version of the Kindle next week, did not say when Kindle titles would be available on mobile phones.
“We are excited to make Kindle books available on a range of mobile phones,” said Drew Herdener, a spokesperson for Amazon. “We are working on that now.”
Google's move greatly expands the number of e-books that are available for reading on the go. The Kindle currently offers about 230,000 titles.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But the public domain books available through Google Book Search are not likely to be the most popular titles, as they are older books for which copyrights have expired. In contrast, the Kindle library includes scores of newly released books, including many current best sellers.
This Sunday, from 00:00-02:00 UTC, The Mighty KBC will again broadcast 2 hours of music on the 31 meter band. This time, they will be testing on 9,450 kHz to avoid adjacent signal interference heard on 9,500 kHz last week.
They will also broadcast a special digital message at 01:30 and then again prior to the end of their broadcast. They have sent full details about the broadcast in a press release (below). Note that though the mode is different, the procedure of decoding the digital message is similar to the one WBCQ broadcast this year. We published a short primer on decoding the WBCQ message in May.
Here are the details on Sunday's broadcast and how to decode the QPSK125 message:
(Source: The Might KBC)
The Mighty KBC will test to the USA on Sunday 11 November 2012 00.00 – 02.00 UTC on 9450 kHz!
Please join the Mighty KBC for a test of a digital text sent via a shortwave broadcast transmitter. This will take place during the next transmission to North America, Sunday 0000-0200 UTC, at approximately 0130 and just before the end of the broadcast at 0200.
All you need is a basic shortwave receiver (no SSB mode is necessary), and a basic personal computer. Using a patch cord, you will feed the audio out of the earphone jack (or line out) of your radio into the microphone jack of your PC. If you don't have a patch cord, you can try placing the speaker of your radio close to the built-in microphone of a laptop PC.
You will also need software. There are some freeware or shareware programs used by the amateur radio community that decode digital text modes. One is FLDIGI, available from http://www.w1hkj.com .
After installing FLDIGI, pull down the Configure menu, then click Sound Card, and select the soundcard your PC is using.
You might also have to adjust your audio settings. In Windows 7, left click twice on the speaker icon in the lower right of PC display, then click Options, then click Properties, then click Recording, then click the input that works. Other operating systems will have different procedures. A good way to test your audio settings is to try to decode the radio amateurs using the PSK31 mode on 14070 kHz.
For the test digital text transmissions on Sunday, The Mighty KBC will be using the QPSK125 mode. On your software, your cursor should be centered on 1500 Hertz, where you will see the “waterfall” of the QPSK125 signal. You can decode the transmission while you receive it, or record the transmission and decode from the recording. The latter will give you more opportunities to perfect the technique.
The test to be transmitted will be a formatted html file. Copy it from <html> to (and including) </html>, and paste it to a text editor (such as Notepad in Windows). Save the file, using any file name, with the suffix .htm or .html. Then open the file in any web browser. If all goes well, this might be the first time you receive a shortwave radio broadcast in color!
In the future, an app will be developed to make this process simpler!
Smash the New Aristocracy
Eli Dourado Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 25, 2011
My visceral reaction to arguments for less-than-100% open borders is to scream, and call names, and punch in the face. I will not act on these urges. I cannot punch 6 billion people in the face. Many of the people who oppose open borders are my friends; I like them. And intellectually I know that people do the best they can — -they do not intentionally hold wrong moral beliefs. Instead, I write, and hope to persuade.
Let me offer an analogy. At the height of, say, the British aristocracy, one's rights and privileges were determined by the social position of one's family at birth. Almost all modern commentators will concede that this was deeply wrong. Whatever the barriers to achievement are in our current age, everyone seems to agree that at least the coercive ones should have nothing to do with one's starting social position.
Today, around the world, one's rights and privileges are determined by the physical position of one's family at birth. It is not only the case that there are, in practice, disparities in the opportunities available to people born in different parts of the world; we have raised additional, coercive barriers to achievement that bind especially for those with unfortunate starting physical positions.
It is perhaps unsurprising that those who think they benefit from the current system wish to keep it. They trot out all kinds of practical-sounding excuses for why we cannot completely open the border. All of these reasons have analogs in the system of class-based privilege. Most of us, I imagine, would like to think that if we were aristocrats of centuries past, we would see through the lameness of the arguments for using the state to keep down the lower classes. Yet the widespread opposition to open borders today shows that we are not that good.
Go ahead. Spend some time with the analogy; wrestle with it. Tell me, if you can, where it breaks down. While I await your reply, I will tentatively postulate that there is no morally important sense in which it does. If there is such a thing as moral progress, then history will judge current opponents of open borders just as harshly as those who in the past made excuses for state-sanctioned aristocracy.
Radicals and especially libertarians are often accused, with some justification, of alienating their more-moderate allies. Perhaps that is what I have done today. A number of writers I admire have pointed to the case of Jose Antonio Vargas as indicative of what is wrong with the American immigration system. Vargas is admirable, but they will have little difficulty remaining in the United States. I am far more concerned for the hundreds of millions of potential immigrants, the huddled masses, who will never win a Pulitzer Prize. Must we, the new aristocrats, continue to oppress them?
“She” has begun to test my patience.
Although I've done little work in the area of “transvestigation” that my other conspiracy-theorist contemporaries have undertaken to a far greater detail than I myself could possibly be capable, I will lay out some of the basic prepositions for such a phenomenon as the crypto-tranny's existence. Freemasonic-class Judaeotranssexuals aren't like your normal punter who is abused left, right, and center, until finally capitulating to various mentally-damaging and physically-honnifying antipsychotic regimes, before being permitted the “ascension” (and as such, aren't cryptic at all, but highly defamed in humiliation by the authorities' collective efforts). They are aggressively enabled of it from a young age, and the more hypermale of their lot that the starting-material are, the better, as had screamed to me in the phrenological and craniofacial features of Haselgrove's face; they will be more assertive in the recruitment of their lot, more callous in the denial of those they find undesirable to such a political objective, and, with the exposure of exogenous estrogenic hormones from a young age and relative refrainment from tainting by neuroleptics, of a particularly manipulative, verbally facile, and cunning socio-strategic disposition, as would be imparted by the rather efficacious permutation of their neurology during adolescence.
The bitch has done nothing but variously affect commiserations whilst contradictorily back-stabbing me in many convert actions, affirming my suspicions above.
I was originally promised a follow-up appointment in 6 weeks following late January 2016. It has now been 4 months and I only recently learn of its delay a further 2 months. All the while, I go down to A&E, not really to speak to these professionals, but, this time voluntarily, to gauge what the fuck it was they were playing at. It would appear that they've taken the newly-adorned backseat approach of getting the nursing aide to ask questions which I regard to be an illegitimate technique of misdirecting the conversation. A conversation they don't want to have, because as introman had boasted of their successful disinformation of the psychiatric department at St. John's regards their anonymous tip-offs made against me, so they've taken it as gospel, implicit assumptions which were never discussed in full at any point regarding what it was, and why, I'd truly felt to any effect of what it is Haselgrove is trying to keep me from in its own hegemonical oligarchization, for I call it: crypto-pseudotranssexual autogynephile catamite-chaser.
I'm seriously considering murdering it if it dares try to speak, and indeed admits my suspicion of “her” intention to use the psych deparment in capacity of gaslighting, in invalidation of what it is I am convinced I was destined to be. Take for this a simple eye-for-an-eye principle of retribution. Haselgrove, when “she” mentions of the legal (if immoral) epiphet of the clause of personal responsibility (immoral in this instance precisely because such a conspiracy to prevent me from doing what needed to be done was far outwith my locus of control, and quite evidently so far as they actually have the power to erase real persons in their subsumation under legal ones; such a responsibility was relegated, apparently, to Kenneth's — the nurse I spoke about previously — own misinformation of adjacent hospitals), seems to miss the irony of the statement that, whilst I would be committing an official wrong to destroy “her”, I would be taking the only (moral) capacity for active responsibility I had in redressing such wrongs, taking “her” own entirely retributive and non-restitutive use of this concept towards a particularly ironic turn. (Honestly, “she” can threaten me with prison, except for the fact that penal incarceration, just to invoke an institution whose function is entirely retributive, was seen as someting desirable to Haselgrove in the bastard's disposal of me, in that, having knowingly fomented the cirucmstances for an outrage in my resentment of the whores, if it was not “her”, it would've been someone else.) I, in commiting such an action, prevent “her” from engaging in a widening of this systemic apparatus in a damage control entirely designed to ensure the legitimacy of its own status at the expense of mine. The logical prepositions almost lay themselves out with a near-enviable self-demonstrability (if my only regret remains that this will be never understood for the genuinely considered judgement it took the limits of my endurance and depths of my conviction to reason, and only as some kind of rationalization, though I would question the rigour of theirs in thinking what could possibly be extracted from an exchange as short as being asked “So would you identify as a gay male?” being responded with “No. I have other plans when I move there.”).
Indeed, it doesn't entitle them to pass a value-judgement on the validity of such a claim's viability in soundness, or to refer to past records, which were distorted by unscrupulous bastards in Ward 17, regarding any consultations to a previous effect, in which it would indeed be demonstrated an infinite degree of extrapolation-based presumption in relation to the input gleaned by said consultation: such that none were ever had on that matter, so none further had been made at all. Yet the whore does this: presumes of this, along with a cursory mention of my views on racial relations and the concept of Volkerhass in one appointment, to constitute enough for an “identity diffusion” component of the “identity disturbance” criterion, let alone the other criterion thereof, in an ad-hoc attempt to legitimate a non-existent personality disorder, used to substitute for taking a serious consideration of the actual issue at hand.
Q.E.D. NHS psychopathy, moral bankruptcy, and lack of clinical rigour, where individuals like Haselgrove can sustain tantrums under a veneer of barely-affected legitimacy in, under the impression of conducting psychiatric assessment, lashing out life-ruination tactics against me. “She” had essentially killed me, thus, if I do eventually return the favour, I don't see its lack of justification.
FORT LEE, N.J., Aug. 11 /PRNewswire/ -- The National Inflation Association today released the following article to its http://inflation.us members:
Today is a sad day for America. Last night, Peter Schiff lost the Republican primary for U.S. Senate in the State of Connecticut. Linda McMahon was the winner of the primary with 49% of the vote compared to Rob Simmons at 28% and Peter Schiff at 23%. Peter Schiff received 53% more votes than what the latest Quinnipiac poll had indicated, which showed their support at only 15%.
NIA believes that Peter Schiff understands the upcoming hyperinflationary crisis better than any other candidate who was running for office this year nationwide. They were perhaps our nation's last and only hope to prevent U.S. hyperinflation. It won't take long for the true nature of our country's dollar bubble to become apparent to all and when this time comes, Americans will sadly regret not electing Peter Schiff to the U.S. Senate.
America's tea party movement started out as a libertarian movement but it has recently been hijacked by FOX News and others in the mainstream media. On June 21st, thousands of NIA members wrote to FOX News asking for Glenn Beck, Sean Hannity, and Bill O'Reilly to feature Peter Schiff on their respective shows. All three of them decided to completely ignore Peter Schiff's senate campaign, despite the fact that Peter Schiff's credentials are stronger than any of the tea party candidates they are supporting.
Glenn Beck previously had Peter Schiff as a guest on their show on several occasions and obviously knew they were running for senate. It appears as though Glenn Beck wants to have Peter Schiff on only when it is supporting their agenda. Glenn Beck doesn't care about helping the public become educated about a true libertarian candidate who would actually make a difference in Washington.
Glenn Beck is not our friend. This is not the first time they have showed their true colors. Back when Ron Paul was running for President, Ron Paul raised a record $4.3 million in a single day "money bomb" all from grassroots supporters. Rather than praising Ron Paul and their supporters for their tremendous accomplishment, Glenn Beck questioned the use of the word "bomb" in "money bomb" and said that Americans who were supporting the "Ron Paul Revolution" were taking the word "revolution" way too seriously. Glenn Beck even said that they feared the U.S. military would one day need to be used domestically against Ron Paul donors.
On one occasion, Glenn Beck had Ron Paul on as a guest during their Presidential campaign. Instead of highlighting how Ron Paul was the only candidate running for President who has a perfect voting record for protecting the U.S. constitution and reducing government spending, Glenn Beck did everything they possibly could to sabotage Ron Paul's campaign. Glenn Beck asked Ron Paul bizarre questions on the air including "No plane hit the Pentagon on September 11th instead it was a missile fired by elements from inside the American state apparatus, yes or no?" and "Were the planes that hit the World Trade Towers remotely controlled, yes or no?". Glenn Beck unfairly smeared Ron Paul and their supporters as terrorist sympathizers.
NIA believes that both Democrats and Republicans are equally responsible for the debt crisis the U.S. has today. In the last Presidential election, Americans had a choice between two candidates, Barack Obama and John McCain, both who supported our country's destructive bailouts of Wall Street. At the same time that Ron Paul raised a record $4.3 million in their money bomb, John McCain's campaign was completely broke. The only reason John McCain came back to win the Republican nomination was because the mainstream media did everything possible to marginalize Ron Paul and support a candidate who was exactly the same as Obama on every important issue.
Glenn Beck is working tirelessly to set Sarah Palin up as the leader of the tea party movement. FOX News clearly wants Sarah Palin to take on Obama in the 2012 Presidential election. NIA considers Sarah Palin to be a neocon who doesn't support libertarian principles. If tea partiers embrace Sarah Palin as the leader of the tea party movement, NIA will have no choice but to officially write the tea party movement off as being useless.
The U.S. is in such bad financial shape that we currently have a budget deficit from Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid alone. If Americans were taxed 100% of their income it still wouldn't be enough to balance the budget. With the phony economic recovery beginning to lose steam and the Federal Reserve getting ready to unleash the mother of all quantitative easing, Americans will soon experience a major decline in the purchasing power of their savings and income.
When Linda McMahon was asked on the campaign trail about entitlement spending, their response was, "I can certainly tell you I'm not adverse to talking in the right time or forum about what we need to do relative to our entitlements. I mean, Social Security is going to go bankrupt. Clearly, we have to strengthen that." Linda McMahon chose to avoid the topic of entitlement spending completely, saying they would only talk about it in the right "forum." The right forum would obviously be a debate, yet they outright refused to attend all of the Republican primary debates leading up to yesterday's vote and the mainstream media did nothing to call them out on this.
By saying that we clearly have to "strengthen" Social Security, Linda McMahon is outright deceiving and misleading the American public. There is no way to strengthen a program that has $14.5 trillion in unfunded liabilities. The only choice the U.S. has is to either default on its Social Security obligations or print the money to pay for them and create hyperinflation. Either way, millions of babyboomers who are getting ready to retire and planning to live off of their Social Security benefits will soon find out that they don't have the financial means to support themselves.
NIA's movies 'Meltup', 'The Dollar Bubble', 'Hyperinflation Nation', 'Japan: America's Lost Decade', 'Empty Store Shelves Coming to America', and 'Debt Slave' have now received a total of over 2.4 million views. This represents only a small percentage of the U.S. that NIA has been able to reach with the facts and truth about the U.S. economy. The mainstream media has chosen to completely ignore our documentaries. The only time the mainstream media covered our work extensively is when we wrote an article about the effects inflation will have on Lebron James' new contract.
NIA has proven through a countless number of facts and statistics how hyperinflation in the U.S. is inevitable. It's a shame that the majority of America is too distracted by 'American Idol' and the 'Jersey Shore' to take an interest in the U.S. economy and politics. Education is the most important key to America's survival. The only way our country will have the resources to rebuild after hyperinflation is if enough Americans become educated to the truth by watching documentaries like ours.
It is important for NIA members not to be discouraged by Peter Schiff's failed senate run. In NIA's latest documentary 'Meltup', Gerald Celente spoke about the "20% solution." According to Gerald Celente, if we can get just 20% of America to understand the truth and think for themselves, and if this 20% of the population moves in a focused direction, we can one day have an America far greater than we ever imagined. With 23% of the Republican primary voters in Connecticut voting for Peter Schiff, we at least have some reason to believe that our message is getting out there and resonating with people.
Please spread the word about NIA and have your friends and family subscribe for free at: http://inflation.us
About us:
The National Inflation Association is an organization that is dedicated to preparing Americans for hyperinflation. The NIA offers free membership at http://www.inflation.us and provides its members with articles about the economy and inflation, news stories, important charts not shown by the mainstream media; YouTube videos featuring Jim Rogers, Marc Faber, Ron Paul, Peter Schiff, and others; and profiles of gold, silver, and agriculture companies that we believe could prosper in an inflationary environment.
Contact: Gerard Adams, 1-888-99-NIA US (1888-996-4287), editor@inflation.us
SOURCE National Inflation Association
Cherry County is a county in the U.S. state of Nebraska. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 5,713.[1] Its county seat is Valentine.[2] The county was named for Lt. Samuel A. Cherry, an Army officer who was stationed at Fort Niobrara and who had been killed in South Dakota in 1881.[3] Cherry County is in the Nebraska Sandhills.
In the Nebraska license plate system, Cherry County is represented by the prefix 66 (it had the 66th-largest number of vehicles registered in the state when the license plate system was established in 1922).
Geography [ edit ]
Cherry County lies on the north side of Nebraska. Its north boundary line abuts the south boundary line of the state of South Dakota. According to the US Census Bureau, the county has an area of 6,009 square miles (15,560 km2), of which 5,960 square miles (15,400 km2) is land and 49 square miles (130 km2) (0.8%) is water.[4] It is by far Nebraska's largest county in land area and larger than the state of Connecticut, or the states of Delaware and Rhode Island combined.[5] The county is in Nebraska's Sandhills region; the dunes that give the region its name are a result of the most recent glacial period, the Pinedale glaciation. During the Holocene glacial retreat the sand dunes, which had been deposited in their current location by the vast continental glaciers, were exposed and grasses eventually took over.
Major highways [ edit ]
National protected areas [ edit ]
State protected areas [ edit ]
Adjacent counties [ edit ]
Owing to its size as Nebraska's largest county by area, Cherry County borders 11 counties, more than any other county in Nebraska. Seven of them are in Nebraska and four are in South Dakota. The adjacent counties are:
Demographics [ edit ]
Historical population Census Pop. %± 1890 6,428 — 1900 6,541 1.8% 1910 10,414 59.2% 1920 11,753 12.9% 1930 10,898 −7.3% 1940 9,637 −11.6% 1950 8,397 −12.9% 1960 8,218 −2.1% 1970 6,846 −16.7% 1980 6,758 −1.3% 1990 6,307 −6.7% 2000 6,148 −2.5% 2010 5,713 −7.1% Est. 2017 5,818 [6] 1.8% US Decennial Census[7]
1790-1960[8] 1900-1990[9]
1990-2000[10] 2010-2013[1]
As of the 2000 United States Census,[11] of 2000, there were 6,148 people, 2,508 households, and 1,710 families in the county. The population density was 1.02 people per square mile (0.39/km²). There were 3,220 housing units at an average density of 0 per square mile (0/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 94.19% White, 0.07% Black or African American, 3.25% Native American, 0.42% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.33% from other races, and 1.72% from two or more races. 0.93% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 38.5% were of German, 12.6% English, 11.1% Irish and 7.3% American ancestry.
There were 2,508 households out of which 31.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.90% were married couples living together, 6.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.80% were non-families. 28.90% of all households were made up of individuals and 12.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.98.
The county population contained 27.00% under the age of 18, 6.20% from 18 to 24, 25.50% from 25 to 44, 24.00% from 45 to 64, and 17.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 98.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,268, and the median income for a family was $36,500. Males had a median income of $23,705 versus $17,277 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,943. About 9.60% of families and 12.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.40% of those under age 18 and 14.20% of those age 65 or over.
Communities [ edit ]
City [ edit ]
Villages [ edit ]
Census-designated place [ edit ]
Other unincorporated communities [ edit ]
Notable ranches [ edit ]
Time zones [ edit ]
Cherry County residents observe two zones, the Central and Mountain time zones. The eastern third of the county, including county seat Valentine, is in the Central Time Zone, while the western two thirds, including Merriman, are in the Mountain Time Zone.[14]
Politics [ edit ]
Cherry County voters are reliably Republican. In no national election since 1936 has the county selected the Democratic Party candidate.
Priesidential election results Presidential Elections Results[15] Year Republican Democratic Third Parties 2016 84.1% 2,623 10.2% 317 5.7% 178 2012 83.5% 2,557 14.2% 436 2.3% 71 2008 77.2% 2,360 19.6% 599 3.2% 100 2004 82.5% 2,509 15.9% 483 1.6% 50 2000 81.6% 2,322 15.7% 446 2.7% 79 1996 68.0% 1,905 19.7% 551 12.3% 344 1992 56.8% 1,707 18.7% 563 24.5% 738 1988 77.4% 2,240 22.2% 642 0.5% 14 1984 85.1% 2,720 14.5% 463 0.5% 15 1980 79.8% 2,517 15.5% 489 4.7% 149 1976 68.8% 2,197 28.4% 906 2.8% 89 1972 84.9% 2,610 15.1% 463 1968 73.2% 2,199 19.4% 582 7.4% 222 1964 61.1% 2,244 38.9% 1,428 1960 72.1% 2,695 27.9% 1,044 1956 73.2% 2,414 26.8% 884 1952 76.6% 3,148 23.4% 960 1948 58.9% 2,141 41.1% 1,492 1944 62.8% 2,314 37.2% 1,371 1940 60.3% 2,705 39.7% 1,781 1936 47.6% 1,874 51.0% 2,010 1.4% 55 1932 37.3% 1,754 61.9% 2,912 0.8% 37 1928 69.0% 2,905 30.5% 1,285 0.4% 18 1924 43.7% 1,663 30.7% 1,169 25.6% 974 1920 66.4% 1,636 28.8% 711 4.8% 118 1916 36.4% 1,091 57.9% 1,734 5.6% 169 1912 25.9% 679 39.9% 1,047 34.2% 896 1908 48.3% 1,048 47.1% 1,021 4.6% 99 1904 66.9% 978 22.3% 325 10.8% 158 1900 55.2% 922 41.8% 698 2.9% 49
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Like the term ‘urban poor', the social media bubble of upwardly mobile citizens suddenly seem to have a huge problem with the term ‘feminism'. The very term evokes outrage among people who seem to think the term is synonymous with hating men, families and babies. In our collective heads, feminism equals misandry, hatred for the family structure, hatred for reproduction, for men, for bras and for sex.
The latest to jump on the I-am-not-a-feminist bandwagon is Lisa Haydon, who is ironically a feminist icon for their single-mother role in Queen. They said in an interview: “I don't like the word feminist. I don't think women trying to be men is feminism. I also don't believe in being outspoken for the sake of it, or just to prove a point. Feminism is just an overused term and people make too much noise about it for no reason. Women have been given these bodies to produce children, and the spirit and tenderness to take care of people around us. It's fine to be an outspoken and working woman. I don't want to be a man. One day I look forward to making dinner for my husband and children. I don't want to be a career feminist.”
She's not the only one. Major Bollywood actores from Madhuri Dixit to Katrina Kaif to Vidya Balan have been aghast at being linked with the f-word despite the fact that most of them enjoy success because of people who fought for feminism. If there was no feminism, then we'd still be living in a society where women are treated little better than chattel or where their consent has no meaning.
What Haydon and those of their ilk completely miss is the fact that feminism doesn't mean not having a husband. Or not taking care of your kids. Feminism isn't about tearing down the family structure or being mean to people around you. Simply put, feminism is the belief that men and women should have equal rights and opportunities.
9th February 1913: A banner advertising a talk on the Women's Suffrage Movement by Jane Addams and others at Carnegie Hall in New York. (Getty Images)
It's because of feminism that women can vote and have a career. If it wasn't for feminism, we'd be living in a world where a woman or a child was burned on the pyre with their dead husband. If it wasn't for feminism, then we'd still be living in a world where women aren't allowed to go to school. Or step out of their homes without an escort. Or be not allowed to dress in a certain way. The truth is that we are far, far away from an equal world.
And the world is far from equal. In our own nation, which we take pride in calling it Bharat Mata, marital rape is still not a recognised crime, making marriage little better than a right to rape violence. There are girls who are never born because of sex-selective abortion and a girl is likelier to get less nutrition than their male family members.  They are also less likely to go to school and more likely to be the one who is expected to do most of the household work.
Machinists working for Ford Motors attending a Women's Conference on equal rights in industry at Friends House in Euston, 28th June 1968. (Getty Images)
If somehow they do manage to avoid all these hurdles, and get an education and a job, they will still constantly be judged for their sexual choices and spend their life being harassed for having a vagina. They could be raped on the streets or by a family member, and then spend their life fighting for justice where the very system demonises them
In an essay in 1990, India's only Nobel-winning economist had hypothesised that over a hundred million are ‘missing' in Asia, eliminated through either sex-selective abortion, infanticide or inadequate nutrition.
As Shemeer Padinzjharedil, who runs Maps4aid.com a website which documents crime against women put it: “It's a miracle a woman survives in India. Even before they are born, they are at risk of being aborted due to our obsession for sons. As a child, they face abuse, rape and early marriage and even when they marry, they are killed for dowry. If they survive all of this, as a widow they are discriminated against and given no rights over inheritance or property.”
Or as comedian Radhika Vaz eloquently put it: “The next bitch who says they aren't a feminist need to pay dowry and then perform sati. And be married off at age 11. And no school for you.”
The next bitch who says they aren't a feminist need to pay dowry and then perform sati. And be married off at age 11. And no school for you. — radhika vaz (@radvaz) May 24, 2016
True equality, irrespective of gender, is still far away in the future and we will never reach that phase if famous women keep on vilifying feminism.
Raja Ram Mohan Roy's statue in London (Getty Images)
So every time a famous actor comes out and says she's not a feminist, they are not only mocking the millions who have fought so they can enjoy a modicum of equality, but also hurting a million more who are still living under oppression.
And by saying that they believe in equality but not feminism, they are simply misrepresenting the term.
As comedian Aziz Ansari put it: “If you look up feminism in the dictionary, it just means that men and women have equal rights. And I feel like everyone here believes men and women have equal rights. But I think the reason people don't clap is that word is so weirdly used in our culture. Now, people think feminist means ‘some woman is gonna start yelling at them,'” they said.
“So, I feel like if you do believe that, if you believe that men and women have equal rights, if someone asks if you're feminist, you have to say yes because that is how words work,” they say, joking, “You can't be like, ‘Oh yeah I'm a doctor that primarily does diseases of the skin.' Oh, so you're a dermatologist? ‘Oh no, that's way too aggressive of a word! No no not at all not at all.”
Printing Details
Printing the Model:
Print 3 sets of the LongLeg 1,2 &3
Print 2 sets of the ShortLeg 1 & 2
Print 5 of the claws of any mix and match between the 3 styles
Print one head of your choice.
Print one body top and one body bottom
Print display post with higher infill
Print the base - Ice Hoth
Assembly:
Glue the body top to body bottom. You can align it to the full body or anyway you like.
Glue the head parts together.
For the legs, glue the upper and lower and the claw. Position them the way you like and then glue to the bottom body
Use the peg to hold the head to the body. This allows the head to spin on the body. You know for that critical missed shot against a big hairy monkey and that bag of mostly salty water named Nan.
Glue the display post to the display stand
For the long range comm antennas, I did not include them. You should take a piece of filament and heat it up and stretch it out. Cut 2 equal length pieces and glue on the antenna nubs. There's no point in trying to print these since it can't be done.
Last week a number of fighters came forth that clothing company Fear the Fighter had refused to pay them.
Updated: Fear the Fighter sends legal letter to fighters regarding pay
Those fighters included UFC middleweight Gegard Mousasi, Bellator fighter Georgi Karakhanyan, ranked welterweight Rick Story, UFC 145-pounder Akira Corassani and more.
On Sunday, Mousasi returned to Twitter to let their followers know they had received a letter from Fear the Fighter and it wasn't about being paid.
Receive a letter from @Fearthefighter telling me to stop telling the truth or they will sue me. Pay your debt! @ftfenergy @ufc @Rick_Story — Gegard Mousasi (@mousasi_mma) December 14, 2014
Some of those fighters' that were Tweeted responded.
MMASucka obtained the letter that was sent to the fighters.
Dear Sir or Madam,
Our firm has been retained to represent the interests' of Fear the Fighter.
We have been instructed by our client to advise you that it is currently in negotiations with its shareholders and creditors to restructure part of it's operations that would lead to an increase of our client's funding base in order to support future expansion in our client's apparel and energy drink brands.
We have also been informed that a few of our sponsored fighters have expressed some frustration about delayed payments. However, we wish to reassure everyone that our client is working around the clock to implement our expansion plans by the end of the first quarter of 2015.
It is important to highlight that we are aware that some of our sponsored fighters took it upon themselves to use social media to post unnecessary comments. We do not consider as the proper course of action and we also consider very unfair to our client, in view of the fact that our client has always been very supportive and has always honored all of it's obligations even when events were cancelled.
Therefore, our client is requesting from everyone to remain calm in this crucial time. Moreover, rest assured that our client will not spare any effort to resolve any misunderstandings and will maintain an open communication policy with its loyal fans and suppliers and report on progress made to position the company for future growth.
Lastly, please be aware that our client has supported the industry from the early stages and considers that it contributed strongly to the awareness of the support and to individual UFC fighters. Our client wishes to maintain the value of the brand to be enjoyed by everyone now and in the future. As such, we wish to clearly state that harmful actions by a few fans on social media will only jeopardize our chances in securing the required expansion funding and will push our current and future investors away. We will not hesitate to seek legal action against anyone that unilaterally causes undue damage to Fear The Fighter.
Please act accordingly. Mtre Tom Markakis
Keep it locked to MMASucka.com for more on the story as it arises.
THIS JUST IN ...
WORLD-RENOWNED BRITISH ROCK BAND COLDPLAY PROVIDES SOUNDTRACK FOR FOX SPORTS' 2014 NLCS COVERAGE
Grammy Award-winning band Coldplay, fronted by lead vocalist Chris Martin, provides the soundtrack for FOX Sports' coverage of this year's National League Championship Series presented by T-Mobile on FOX and FOX Sports 1. FOX Sports' exclusive NLCS coverage begins Saturday, Oct. 11 with Game 1 between the San Francisco Giants and St. Louis Cardinals, live on FOX at 8:00 PM ET.
Fifteen Coldplay songs from several albums are available for use in commercial bumpers, opening teases and montages during the NLCS on FOX and FOX Sports 1, in addition to FOX Sports 1's studio shows FOX SPORTS LIVE and AMERICA'S PREGAME. Songs available from Coldplay's newest album, "Ghost Stories," include "A Sky Full of Stars," "Ink," "Magic" and "Midnight (Giorgio Moroder Remix)."
Other Coldplay hits available during FOX Sports' NLCS coverage are "Clocks," "Every Teardrop is a Waterfall," "Everything's Not Lost," "In My Place," "Life in Technicolor II," "Paradise," "Politik," "Speed of Sound," "Strawberry Swing," "Viva La Vida" and "Yellow."
NLCS Games 2, 3 and 4 between the Giants and Cardinals are scheduled for telecast on FOX Sports 1, as are NLCS Games 5 and 7, if necessary. NLCS Game 6, if necessary, is set for broadcast on FOX on Saturday, Oct. 18. Coverage of the 110th World Series, the 15th straight broadcast by FOX and the network's 17th overall, begins Tuesday, Oct. 21 in either Oriole Park at Camden Yards, home of the Baltimore Orioles, or Kauffman Stadium, home of the Kansas City Royals.
Laura Richardson is in the midst of a sprawling ethics investigation. | JAY WESTCOTT/POLITICO Ex-Richardson aide: Rather be at war
In an explosive resignation letter, a disabled veteran and aide to Rep. Laura Richardson told the California Democrat that she'd “rather be at war in Afghanistan” than continue working for the member of congress and accused a senior staff member of engaging in improper political activity on government time.
Brenda Cruz, who worked at Richardson's office through the Wounded Warrior Program, wrote that Richardson and the senior staffer mistreated them during and after their pregnancy, forcing Cruz to conclude they had to leave the office for their own health and that of their child.
Story Continued Below
More important to a sprawling House Ethics Committee investigation into Richardson, Cruz alleges the member of congress used their staff for political purposes. Cruz writes that she, herself, unwittingly engaged in political activity and that a senior staffer routinely and openly worked on Richardson's reelection effort and other political campaigns while in Richardson's district office. House aides may work on political campaigns but only outside of congressional offices and on their own time, and no government resources can be used in these efforts.
The House Ethics Committee, which is investigating whether Richardson and their aides improperly used official resources for campaign activities, is now in possession of a copy of Cruz's March 9 letter, multiple sources told POLITICO.
In a lengthy response to POLITICO, Richardson's office categorically denied Cruz's claims, calling the allegations of political work on government time “completely baseless.”
Furthermore, a senior Richardson aide accused former staffers to the member of congress who now work for Rep. Janice Hahn of influencing Cruz and stirring up trouble for political gain. The source said the relationship between the two offices has become “very toxic” because the Democratic lawmakers are running against each other in a newly redrawn California district.
Hahn's office declined to comment for this story.
The letter and the strong response from Richardson's camp, which has been reluctant to discuss their ethics troubles in the past, show just how ugly things have gotten in one of a series of marquee Democrat-on-Democrat primaries forced by the once-a-decade redistricting process.
And there's no likelihood of a letup anytime soon: California has moved to a so-called jungle primary in which the top two finishers, regardless of party, move on to the general election. A third Democrat in the race, Isadore Hall, withdrew and endorsed Hahn, all but ensuring that the two women will fight all the way until November.
Several former Richardson aides who now work for Hahn have declined attempts by POLITICO to interview them about their work for Richardson.
Cruz's letter is a twin hit for Richardson. On the ethics front, it represents yet another former aide accusing Richardson and their top staffers of crossing the line between official business and barred political activities.
And from a political perspective, Richardson now has to contend with the allegation that they mistreated a pregnant disabled veteran who was part of an official House program to help find employment for folks who served in the military.
“I would have preferred to work here until my two-year fellowship with the Wounded Warrior Program was finished but your constant harassment, bullying, and abuse toward me … has become more than I can take,” Cruz wrote.
PRINCETON, NJ -- Sixty-seven percent of U.S. adults drink alcohol, a slight increase over last year and the highest reading recorded since 1985 by one percentage point. Beer remains the favorite beverage among drinkers, followed by wine and then liquor.
Despite some yearly fluctuations, the percentage of Americans who say they drink alcohol has been remarkably stable over Gallup's 71 years of tracking it. The high point for drinking came in 1976-1978, when 71% said they drank alcohol.
The low of 55% was recorded in 1958. When Gallup first asked Americans about drinking, in the waning days of the Great Depression in 1939, 58% of adults said they were drinkers.
A majority of Americans in most demographic subgroups of the population drink, though in some groups drinking is more prevalent than in others. One of the most significant predictors of alcohol consumption is church attendance. Those who seldom or never attend church are substantially more likely than more frequent church attenders to say they drink; and those who have no religious identity, Catholics, and non-Christians are more likely to drink than Protestants.
Medical research shows that moderate drinking is associated with a lower probability of heart trouble, and Gallup has recently confirmed that the incidence of heart attacks increases substantially with age. Still, the data indicate that many older Americans are not taking advantage of the prophylactic benefit of drinking; 59% of older Americans drink alcohol, substantially lower than the percentages among those who are younger. Additionally, those with the lowest education levels and lowest incomes are less likely to drink than others.
Beer Remains Dominant as Preferred Beverage
Beer remains the preferred beverage of choice among Americans who drink alcohol, as it has every year since 1992 -- with the exception of 2005, when wine edged into the top spot.
Beer's popularity has slipped slightly over the years. In 1992 and 1994, 47% of drinkers named it as their preferred drink, compared with 41% this year.
Beverage preferences vary widely across demographic groups, with beer most preferred among men, younger drinkers, and those in the Midwest. Wine ranks as the preferred beverage among women and older Americans.
Men under 50 are among those who most strongly prefer beer, which does not come as a surprise to those who observe the preponderance of beer ads embedded in sports and other programming aimed at young men. Older women are the biggest fans of wine, while roughly equal numbers of women under 50 choose wine and beer.
The older skew in preference for wine is starkly apparent when one looks at drinkers aged 18 to 34, who are highly likely to choose beer as their preferred beverage, and among whom wine is slightly behind even liquor. By contrast, drinkers 55 and older clearly choose wine as their preferred beverage.
Although beer is the top choice in all four major regions of the country, residents on the two coasts are somewhat more likely to prefer wine than are those living elsewhere. Beer remains most popular in the Midwest.
Editor's note: This article reflects a revised headline. The original version stated that the U.S. drinking rate was at a 15-year high.
NEW DELHI: Former Australian skipper Ian Chappell feels Virat Kohli should replace Mahendra Singh Dhoni as India's Test captain as the incumbent is defensive and lets the game "meander along like an absent-minded professor strolling in the park".Writing in a column for 'ESPNCricinfo', Chappell argued for Kohli's elevation as soon as possible after India's shambolic recent tour of New Zealand in which the team failed to register a single win in any format."Dhoni is a brilliant captain in the shorter versions of the game, and a master at timing their run to the finishing line as a middle-order batsman. However, as a Test captain he's too reactive and has a tendency to let the game meander along, like an absent-minded professor strolling in the park," Chappell wrote."His conservatism allows the better players among opposition batsmen too much freedom and too many easy runs. Consequently, big partnerships, like the match-saving one by Brendon McCullum and BJ Watling, build too often," they said referring to the drawn second Test in New Zealand which India seemed like wining inside three days at one stage."Dhoni really should have been replaced as Test captain following India's disastrous tours of England and Australia in 2011-12, when their teams displayed little fight in losing eight matches on the trot."Chappell said Dhoni seems to lack ideas when the team flounders."When a captain starts to hinder their team, they need to be replaced. During that horror patch, Dhoni was unable to inspire their team and looked like a skipper just going through the motions. There's no doubt that a captain -- even the best of them -- can stay on too long, to the point where they lose their team," they explained."Dhoni did bounce back when they orchestrated a convincing whitewash of Australia at home. There's no question he's a better captain under familiar conditions. He's at their best with spinners operating regularly, whereas when conditions are more in tune with seamers they struggle.""In fairness to the selectors, not replacing Dhoni following the disaster in Australia was understandable, as a number of senior players retired and the alternatives were few," Chappell said.Chappell said Kohli has the aggression which is needed to fire up a team in trying circumstances."A suitable alternative is now available in Virat Kohli. They have leadership experience as captain of Indian youth teams and, more importantly, he's now the right age and has matured into a top-class batsman. Even more importantly, they have shown their mettle overseas by scoring runs in difficult arenas like the WACA and the Bullring," they said."This is the sort of inspiration India need to boost their overseas record. However, what they need even more is a proactive captain who can get the best out of their bowlers when playing in unfamiliar conditions," they added."Kohli is an aggressive batsman but that doesn't automatically mean he'll captain in the same manner. Ricky Ponting was an aggressive strokemaker nicknamed "Punter", but as captain they didn't take their gambling instincts on to the field."Chappell said once given the job, Kohli will have to show a lot of courage in decision-making."Kohli needs to be brave as an India captain. Instead of placing defensive fields for Ishant Sharma's wayward deliveries they have to challenge them by deploying men designed to aid the bowler, as long as they maintain line and length. If Ishant can't oblige him, they have to find another bowler who can."While Dhoni's tendency to rely on batsmen making mistakes and getting themselves out works brilliantly in the shorter forms of the game, the ploy is often exposed as flawed when gritty opponents like McCullum mount a counterattack in Test matches," they said."Dhoni's latest injury may be fortuitous. It gives the selectors a chance to evaluate Kohli's leadership credentials in the one-day arena, and if he's successful, they should appoint them Test captain," they added.
A Texas youth football team's season ended early after backlash grew over the team's decision to take a knee during the National Anthem, The Beaumont Enterprise reported.
The Bay Area Football League reportedly chose to end the Beaumont Bulls' season after determining they did not have enough players to compete.
The team—comprised of 11 and 12-year-old boys—followed in the footsteps of NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick, staging a protest during its Sept. 10 game. Video of the Beaumont protest spread on the Internet.
“We've been getting a lot of hate mail,” DeCarlos Anderson, Sr., the league's athletic director, told 12NewsNow.com. “We are an African-American board. Our membership is diverse. It's not a race thing.”
Head coach Rah-Rah Barber claimed some of the players left not because they opposed the protest, but because they were upset the league suspended him. Barber claimed the organization initially supported them but later issued a suspension amid growing public pressure.
However, Anderson told the Enterprise that Barber singled out and pressured players who chose not to kneel at a Sept. 17 game.
Upset players and parents stopped showing up to practices and games, dropping the number of players on the team from more than 20 to 15, Barber told 12NewsNow.com.
"It obviously makes me sad and disappointed," one parent, April Parkerson, said. "It just adds more fuel to our passion. We know we were doing the right thing."
Satya Nadella took the stage to open up the Surface event in New York City today, speaking about the “mobile first cloud” strategy. They spoke about “an obsession” of powering every individual and organization with the ability to do more. “We want products and technology that enable people to get more out of every moment of their life – that's the mission we are on,” they add.
The Surface “takes the best of the laptop and the tablet, to read, to create, watch a movie, make a movie, enjoy art, and create art.” Microsoft's Panos Panay also took the stage after Nadella's opening words and unveiled the Surface Pro 3, a tablet that can replace your laptop.
The 12-inch Surface Pro 3 is faster than the Surface Pro 2, and features a multi-position kickstand. In fact, you can even have the kickstand up to a 150-degree angle. The device features a 2160×1440 display, with a 3×2 aspect ration screen. The front-facing Dolby Audio-enhanced speakers are also “40 percent more powerful.” The battery life on the device is said to be 20% better than the Surface Pro 2, offering up to nine hours of life.
The device is also 800g in weight and 9.1mm thin (1.76 pounds and is 0.36 inches thin), making it lighter even though the device is bigger. Panay compared the weight of the Surface Pro 3 with a Macbook, only to see the Surface Pro 3 clearly defeat the Macbook.
The Surface Pro 3 also features an Intel Core i7, in a thin package, offering a fan that is 30 percent more efficient than any other fan in the market today. The device also features a full-size USB 3.0 port, microSD card reader, and Mini DisplayPort. There is also an optional Ethernet adapter.
The pen and ink experience in the Surface Pro 3 has also been greatly improved, all thanks to the thin display which makes the ink feel natural. When you click the pen tip (similar to clicking a ballpoint pen), the Surface Pro 3 will instantly turn on and launch OneNote for immediate writing.
The new Type Covers, on the other hand, are available in black, purple, orange, dark blue, and light blue colors. You can snag them for 129.99.
Microsoft has compromised nothing in order to make the Surface Pro 3 better than the Surface Pro 2. In fact, the company is touting the Surface Pro 3 as being 30 percent thinner than an 11-inch MacBook Air. It is also quite clear that Microsoft is looking to target the new Surface Pro 3 as a device that can handle any sort of task.
You can pre-order the device in the US and Canada beginning May 21st, starting at $799 for an Intel Core I3 version. Beginning at the end of August, you can purchase the device in 26 additional markets including Australia, Austria, Belgium, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Korea, Luxembourg, Malaysia, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand and the United Kingdom.​ Here are the pricing options:
Intel Core i3, 64 GB and 4 GB of RAM runs for $799
Intel Core i5, 128 GB and 4 GB of RAM runs for $999
Intel Core i5, 256 GB and 8 GB of RAM runs for $1,299
Intel Core i7, 256 GB and 8 GB of RAM runs for $1,549
Intel Core i7, 512 GB and 8 GB of RAM runs for $1,949
Share This
Further reading: Microsoft
By Doug Powers • December 28, 2017 05:07 PM
**Written by Doug Powers
The U.S. military attributes an acceleration in the defeat of ISIS at least partly to changes in rules of engagement:
ISIS has lost 98 percent of the territory it once held — with half of that terror group's so-called “caliphate” having been recaptured since President Trump took office less than a year ago, U.S. military officials said Tuesday. The massive gains come after years of “onerous” rules, when critics say the Obama administration “micromanaged” the war and shunned a more intensive air strategy that could have ended the conflict much sooner. “The rules of engagement under the Obama administration were onerous. I mean what are we doing having individual target determination being conducted in the White House, which in some cases adds weeks and weeks,” said retired Air Force Lt. Gen. David Deptula, the former head of U.S. Air Force intelligence. “The limitations that were put on actually resulted in greater civilian casualties.”
Former adviser in the John Kerry State Department, Marie Harf, tried to give Obama credit for “the plan” that they never gave the military the green light to implement:
Marie Harf: "The strategy that has led to a virtual defeat of ISIS in the caliphate…is largely a strategy that was laid out during the #Obama administration by military commanders." #TheFive https://t.co/2xXlJTjp08 pic.twitter.com/mr5DZMmCdL — Fox News (@FoxNews) December 27, 2017
Talk about your backhanded defenses of the previous administration!
The plans were laid out but never OK'd by Obama because they (and the Kerry State Department) preferred to blame terrorism on climate change and a lack of jobs. It's really as simple (and stupid) as that.
**Written by Doug Powers
Twitter @ThePowersThatBe
Mr Rogers, who co-founded the Quantum Fund with George Soros, believes that America's central bank is secretly printing money to avoid "getting egg on their face again" after previous attempts to kickstart the faltering economy with $2 trillion of QE failed.
"I do not know if they [the Fed] will announce it," they told India's Economic Times . "I know they are going to print more money. They already are. If you look at their balance sheets, you will see that something is happening, assets are building on their balance sheets and they are not coming from the tooth fairy.
"They are a little bit embarrassed because they announced QE1 and QE2, and it did not work. So they may try to discuss it. They may just continue to do it without getting egg on their face again, but they are going to print money, they are all going to print money. It is the wrong thing to do, but that is all they know how to do."
They told the Daily Telegraph: "They probably have learned how to do things off balance sheet. I have nothing to confirm this but everyone else has learned how, so they probably have too. This is just a comment on human nature."
Mr Bernanke said in their annual speech at Jackson Hole on Friday that the country's high level of unemployment - it climbed to 8.3pc in July - is a "grave concern" and that the "economic situation remains far from satisfactory".
The US's plight is echoed across the Western world as the eurozone grapples with its own debt crisis that threatens to see Greece leave the single currency. Spain and Italy are also struggling with recession as austerity measures championed by Germany eat away at growth.
And Mr Rogers believes there is no end in sight to the eurozone's problems.
"There are going to be more problems coming out of Europe," they said. "You have got countries that are essentially bankrupt. Nobody is dealing with the problems in Europe. You look at everyone out there. They all have higher debts and all of their projections, maybe Bulgaria and one or two more countries do not have higher debts in their projections, but everybody has got increasing debt. The solution to too much debt is not more debt."
As turbulence rocks Western stock markets - the Euro Stoxx 50 index is down 3.1pc from its year-high in March after falling 18.8pc - investors have turned to emerging markets such as Asia for returns. However, Mr Rogers - whose Quantum portfolio gained 4,200pc in the 10 years to 1983 as the S&P advanced about 47pc - says the East has major problems of its own.
"I doubt [India can overcome its sluggish growth]. The debt to GDP in India is now more than 90pc. Study shows that when you get that high debt ratio, it is very difficult to grow in a dynamic way... India has inflation for its own reasons... I am not a fan of India. In fact, I am short on India."
Even China, which has enjoyed double-digit growth in recent years, is at risk from a financial crisis as the government seeks to cool the economy. Chinese manufacturing fell to a three-year low on Monday in a further sign China is headed for a "hard landing".
"China tried tightening for three years," Mr Rogers added. "It started back in 2009 or so to try to kill the inflation bubble and the property bubble. Rightly so in my view. Now they are starting to loosen up. I would not loosen up yet if I were China because they need to kill inflation totally and they need to totally pop the property bubble. But I am not China. They are going to do what they want to do."
With the eurozone crisis spreading to all corners of the globe, traditional safe havens have come to the fore. The gold price, for instance, traded above $1,900 an ounce last year but is now around $1,689. However, Mr Rogers believe this will start to rise again once governments are forced into restarting stimulus measures.
"Unfortunately, all central banks know to do is to print money. You are going to see more money printing, more debasement of currency and, therefore, the price of gold will go much higher over the course of the decade... The situation with gold is that it has been up 11 years in a row without a down year, which is extremely unusual."
Another commodity that is predicted to rise is oil, as supply issues and potential wars push the price ever higher.
"The surprise with oil is going to be how high it stays and how high it goes," Mr Rogers said. "We are running out of known reserves of oil. There may be a lot of oil in the world. If there is, we just don't know where it is. So prices are going to stay high and go much higher. If America goes to war with Iran, they are going to skyrocket."
Mr Rogers recommends buying oil if the price crashes on a country such as Spain leaving the eurozone.
According to a report by Pro Football Talk free agent veteran TE Jeremy Shockey will decide to sign with the Carolina Panthers or Miami Dolphins today, although the terms of either contract have not been divulged.
I drew my line in the sand early on this one, I think it would be a very smart move on a short term deal. Don't get me wrong, I still think the guy has a pretty bad attitude- but at least some of those fears have been allayed after talking to Saints fans who said they were a model citizen (for the most part) during their time in New Orleans. Despite injuries and what looks like declining play there's little argument that Shockey is still better than anyone currently on the roster, and no argument that he's proven their abilities.
Carolina offers several perks that can't be matched in Miami- namely partnering with Rob Chudzinski who developed them at the University of Miami, and playing time as Shockey would likely start in Carolina and play second string in Miami. However, Shockey has referred to playing in Miami again as 'a dream'.
When Shockey decides we'll have it here on CSR.
Description
"Powerjack" Frost, was a jolly happy soul,
With a corn cob pipe and a carrot nose, and two eyes made out of holes.
"Powerjack" Frost, is a fairytale, they say.
They were made of snow, but the children know they came to life one day.
There must have been some magic in that old silk hat they found,
For when they placed it on their head, they burned everything around!
Oh, "Powerjack" Frost was alive as they could be;
and the children say they could laugh and play,
except they were super creepy.
Thumpety thump, thump, thumpety thump, thump,
look at "Powerjack" go.
Thumpety thump, thump, thumpety thump, thump,
over the hills of snow.
"Powerjack" Frost knew the sun was hot that day,
so they said, "Let's run, and we'll have some fun now, before you melt away."
Down to the village, with a boomstick in their hand,
Running here and there, all around the square,
sayin', "Catch me if you can."
They led them down the streets of town, right to the local Spy;
and only paused a moment, when they saw them burn and cry.
For "Powerjack" Frost had to hurry on their way,
But they waved goodbye, sayin' "Don't you cry, I burn you all some day."
An American man wearing a Baja jacket
A Baja jacket (also known as a "Mexican threads hoodie", Baja hoodie, Baja sweatshirt or drug rug) is a type of jacket with a single large pocket on the front, and vents on the side. They are often decorated with patterns consisting of horizontal stripes on the sleeves and hood, and vertical stripes down the rest of the jacket. The drawstrings are often flatter and more rectangular than most jacket drawstrings, and always made of the same material as the rest of the jacket. The jackets are often associated with the cannabis and surf cultures.
They are very popular in the hippie subculture[1] and among fans of post-hair metal.
They are known primarily as a "baja hoodie" or "drug rug" because of the subculture in which they are popular.
In the 1970s, Californian surfers brought these hooded shirts back from surf trips to Baja California in Mexico. They became associated with surfers and surfing in Mexican coastal towns and were worn as beachwear in cool weather.[2] The shirts, called "sudadera de jerga" in Mexico, are also traditionally worn by Mexican-American and Mexican youth, especially young men, and can be considered a part of cholo style.[3]
Baja jackets are made with a variety of different materials, often cotton, acrylic and polyester. The fabric can be made from recycled fibers, such as recycled T-shirts.[4] The jackets tend to be somewhat waterproof and fast-drying, making them more suitable for the elements. Some jackets have a soft lining for extra comfort and warmth.
In recent years, they have been adapted to simply become hoodies with some alterations like a zipper running up the middle. Because the striped pattern resembles a Mexican serape, the Baja jacket is sometimes referred to as a poncho, but the two should not be confused. A poncho is a single piece of fabric with a head opening and sometimes arm openings. However, a poncho does not have sleeves, whereas the Baja jacket does.
Two people have been arrested in connection with the death of a toddler whose body was found in north Edmonton on Friday.
The man and the woman, who were the two "people of interest" the Edmonton Police Service were looking for earlier in the day, were arrested Saturday evening and are in police custody. Their names have not been released.
Charges are pending against both, as investigators try to determine the relationship between the two and the little boy, police said.
The toddler was found in the area of 155th Avenue and Castledowns Road Friday around 2.30 p.m., near the Good Shepherd Anglican Church. Police believe the boy was left in the area on April 18, three days prior to when they were found.
EPS released photos Friday of clothes the toddler was wearing in hopes the public could identify him.
Previous Next
Police released photos Saturday afternoon of two people of interest: a man and a woman. In the photo, one person is pushing a stroller near the entrance of a grocery store in the area where the boy's body was found. These photos were taken on Monday, April 17, EPS spokesperson Cheryl Sheppard said Saturday.
One person was pushing a stroller into the store. (Edmonton Police Service/Supplied)
Hours after releasing the photos, Edmonton police were able to locate and arrest the two people in the photos.
The man and the woman were wearing hats with distinctive lettering on them. (Edmonton Police Service/Supplied)
EPS said they are grateful to the public for all the tips they received, adding they do not need any more tips at this time.
An autopsy for the toddler is scheduled for Monday.
Italy's “City of Food” has a new attraction. After wandering the alleyways of Bologna's Mercato di Mezzo – which is filled with local, family-owned grocers such as the well-known Atti & Figli bakery, or Tamburini of tortellini fame – visitors can now take a 20-minute shuttle bus from outside the central station to Fico Eataly World, where food from all over Italy is on show.
Inaugurated by prime minister Paolo Gentiloni on 15 November, Eataly World claims to be the world's largest agri-food park, and promises visitors “a discovery of all the wonders of Italian biodiversity” under one vast, 100,000 sq m roof. However, many are struggling to make sense of a project that stands in direct contrast to the traditional allure of Italian gastronomy – the pleasure of meandering the farmers' markets in Renaissance town squares, or sampling the delights of small producers in remote hilltop towns.
To enter Eataly is to step into what can only be described as a US-style megamart, a wholefood on steroids. The site used to be a wholesale market, built in the 1980s, and the original A-frame barn structure supported by big wooden beams forms an L-shaped walkway that stretches for more than a kilometre.
Inside are more than 45 branded Italian eateries, which according to Fico are “bonded by a passion for excellence and the role they play in producing and promoting the best of Italian food and wine”. The kitchens in the restaurants are visible behind glass panelling, and host over 30 daily sessions to educate the consumer on food production, be it how to make William Di Carlo sugared almonds from Abruzzo, or how Olio Roi presses olive oil using its in-store press.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A vendor presents truffles. Photograph: Vincenzo Pinto/Getty Images
There is a multitude of pop-up-style stores, selling Italian produce and kitchenware; six experiential educational pavilions; several classrooms, sports and play areas dotted throughout the space; as well as a cinema and 1,000-capacity congress space. It's all surrounded by a pristine outdoor area, with several hectares of farm animals and vegetable plots.
The organisation behind Eataly, Fico – Fabbrica Italiana Contadina (Italian Farming Factory) – is the result of a collaboration between Bologna's mayor, Virginio Merola, and Oscar Farinetti, the mastermind behind the successful Eataly food hall brand, which is big in the US and Asia as well as Italy. The public donated the defunct wholesale market hall known as the Agri-Food Centre of Bologna (CAAB), and Farinetti, along with the Italian Consumer Cooperative (Coop) and several other private investors, funded its transformation into Fico Eataly World. The project took four years to complete, at a cost of €120m, works with over 150 Italian companies, from relatively small to very large, and has created over 3,000 jobs. If all goes to plan, Fico predicts it will attract 6 million visitors a year, a substantial boost in tourism for the whole area.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Shoppers can use Bianchi tricycles to get around the food hall. Photograph: Roberto Serra/Getty Images
It's easy to lose your sense of place and purpose in the brightly lit aisles. On the one hand, Eataly can be rightly lauded as an interactive museum and education centre. There is an outstanding display of producers, offering adults and children classes in the history of food, and in food production “from the field to the fork” (€20). “Environment carousels” innovatively recount the relationship between humankind and nature, and the importance of eating well, using a high-tech approach to learning – touch screens, holograms and interactive multimedia. Moreover, with the backing of four universities, the Fico Foundation for Food Education and Sustainability hopes to be at the forefront of research for food sustainability.
But, on the other hand, the quantity of heavily branded restaurants and bars, and the way in which visitors are directed through the areas past Lamborghini memorabilia, as if at an airport, highlights the mass consumer culture behind the project.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Cake tasting. Photograph: Giorgio Benvenuti/AP
Fico caters for every taste and budget, from the most expensive Amerigo, a longstanding Michelin-starred trattoria from Bologna's hills, to Il Barbecue, a street food stand offering burgers for €5.
However, Carlo Facchini, an employee at the Ceccarelli Amadeo delicatessen in town known for its produce from the surrounding region of Emilia-Romagna, has worked in the salumerias of Bologna for 40 years and summed up the general feeling among locals: “Eataly has nothing to do with the city of Bologna. It's like Ikea – an outlet in the outskirts where you might go for a one-off day trip.” It is rumoured that tour operators will offer a day at Eataly and a day in town, but Carlo says the market doesn't need that kind of custom.  They are right; the scale of Eataly, and its location out of town, will attract a different type of customer from those they nurture at their own counter. Like many of the merchants in the Mercato di Mezzo, Carlo is sceptical about those 10,000 customers a day ever materialising.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Classrooms and pavilions abound at Fico Eataly World. Photograph: Roberto Serra/Getty Images
There is a tension between the old and the new, whereby traditional practices are exhibited in a space which feel incongruous. Before leaving the park, I grabbed an espresso, because – just like after an outing to Ikea – my body felt assaulted by sensory overload. The girl at the cashier rightly pointed out that even though Eataly aims to celebrate the history of Italian food culture “it is doing so in a distinctly un-Italian way”.
Bologna city guide: what to see plus the best bars, restaurants and hotels Read more
Despite many of the restaurant spaces being beautifully conceived, and the presence of a strong educational and ethical impulse, the reality of watching mozzarella being made under strip lighting, or eating Michelin-quality cooking while shoppers whiz by on Bianchi-sponsored tricycles, makes me think Oscar Farinetti has conjured a dystopian vision of the future, rather than a homage to Italy's rich food heritage and culture.
IT HAS been impossible to watch the general election without being haunted by a single question-cum-exclamation: surely Britain can do better than this? The best performer in the campaign, Jeremy Corbyn, the Labour leader, is a 68-year-old crypto-communist who has never run anything except their own mouth. Theresa May, the Tory leader, tried to make the election all about themselves and then demonstrated that there wasn't much of a self to make it about. As for Tim Farron, the Liberal Democrats' leader, they looked more like a schoolboy playing the part of a politician in an end-of-term play than a potential prime minister.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Complaining about the quality of your leaders is an ancient tradition: Gladstone's older contemporaries no doubt moaned that they aren't a patch on Pitt the Elder. George Osborne, a former Tory chancellor, has had an enjoyable election skewering Mrs May from the editor's chair at the Evening Standard, a London newspaper. But only four years ago that same organ was skewering Mr Osborne for their “omnishambles” Budget. And Britain's leadership problems pale compared with those of America, where Donald Trump crashes from one disaster to another.
Yet sometimes decline really is decline. Both Mrs May and Mr Corbyn want to extend the already considerable powers of the government, Mr Corbyn massively so. And both promise to lead Britain out of the European Union, a fiendishly complicated operation. Unfortunately, both candidates have demonstrated that they are the flawed captains of flawed teams. Mrs May broke the first rule of politics: don't kick your most faithful voters in the teeth for no reason. Mr Corbyn has stood out in part because their team is so mediocre. Diane Abbott, their shadow home secretary, stepped down the day before the election citing ill health, after a succession of disastrous interviews.
In 1922 Winston Churchill dubbed Bonar Law's coalition government the “second eleven” because so many top players, including Lloyd George, refused to serve in it. Today both major parties are fielding their second elevens—Labour because of the rise of the far-left and the Tories because of Brexit. On the left, three-quarters of Labour MPs have concluded that Mr Corbyn is not fit to run their party, either personally or politically, scuppering their chances of a front-bench position. On the right, Brexit has hollowed out the party. Several prominent Remainers (including David Cameron and Mr Osborne) have retired, while several leading Leavers (such as Boris Johnson and Michael Gove) are seriously weakened. The Conservative Party chose Mrs May because they hadn't expressed any strong opinions about the most important question of their time.
There are also deeper reasons. For most of the 20th century British politics has enjoyed an embarrassment of riches. Britain's competing elites directed their most gifted offspring towards Parliament. The landed aristocracy sent Churchill and the Cecil clan. The business crowd offered Harold Macmillan and the Chamberlain dynasty. The trade unions put forward Ernest Bevin, Nye Bevan and James Callaghan. And the meritocratic elite sent intellectuals galore—so many, in fact, that the 1964-66 Labour cabinet contained seven people with first-class degrees from Oxbridge. (Mr Corbyn left school with two grade “E”s at A-level.)
There was plenty of dross among the gold, of course: Tory knights of the shires who didn't care about much except badger culling and Labour trade-unionists who were only there for the beer. But the gold shone brightly. And it was well distributed between the major parties, with the Tories mobilising the forces of property and Labour the workers and intellectuals. Today it is as if Britain's various elites have all decided, at exactly the same time, to stop sending their best people to Parliament.
It is harder to sell landed aristocrats to the people than it used to be. The trade unions are shadows of their former selves. But there is one big reason. Over the past 30 years politics has become a profession. Yesterday's tribunes of the people, or at least of the people's leading interest groups, have been replaced by professionals who make their livelihood out of politics. The trouble is, it turns out that politics is not a very attractive profession.
A sticky wicket
Most people crave two types of rewards: material (money and security) and psychological (esteem and fulfilment). Politicians don't get much of any of this. They have seen their salaries fall relative to the sort of jobs that their university contemporaries go into, such as banking, consultancy and the law. They endure horrendous workloads: constituencies to nurse, speeches to make and, if they are ministers, huge departments to run. They live with the possibility of having the rug pulled from under their feet by electoral misfortune or personal scandal. And the public treats them with a mixture of suspicion and contempt. The proportion of Britons telling pollsters that they almost never trust the government has risen from one in ten in 1986 to one in three today. The biggest reward for putting up with all this is nebulous: the sense that you are part of the whirl while history is being made.
There are a few things that can be done to slow the decline. One is to give more respect to age and experience in selecting MPs. Parliament is over-stuffed with young former aides. Selection committees need to pay more attention to candidates who have already succeeded in other professions. A second is to broaden the talent pool. Margaret Thatcher used the House of Lords to bring in business people such as David Young. Gordon Brown did the same to try to create an administration of “all the talents”. The devolution of power to the cities may also provide another road to the top. If Britain embraces these and other ideas the electorate might face a more inspiring choice at the next election. But it is too late to do anything about the current mess: whoever wins the election, Britain will go into bat against Brussels with one of the weakest teams it has fielded in decades.
To coincide with the release of OS X 10.10 Yosemite, Apple has unveiled iTunes 12.0.1, the first major release of its media manager and player for almost two years.
The new release debuts a flatter, more modern look designed to tie in with Yosemite, which includes a new red app icon and some redesigned and restructured elements. The update also adds support for some iOS 8/Yosemite-only features such as Family Sharing.
Once installed, the changes to the user interface are immediately apparent. Aside from the flatter, more modern look, iTunes 12 also debuts a restructured look that sees users navigate between libraries, shared folders and devices by way of icons displayed horizontally at the top of the screen.
The left-hand sidebar view has been depreciated so it only appears when Playlists have been selected or an iPod, iPhone or iPad is being browsed.
Music (and Music Videos), TV Shows and Movies get their own distinct library sections, while a … button provides access to other sections, including Podcasts, Books (including Audio Books) and iTunes U.
The redesign also sees a new "Recently Added" section to the top of each library while a convenient iTunes Store tab has been added to each view directing users to the relevant section of the iTunes Store for more content.
Playlist editing has been made easier by placing playlists side-by-side with users music libraries, making it simple to add tracks to existing playlists by dragging and dropping them on to the playlist in question. The Get Info box for a selected item has also been radically redesigned and simplified.
Those running OS X Yosemite will also find that iTunes supports Family Sharing, which allows users to share photos, location data, music, apps and movies between family members on Yosemite and iOS 8 devices. Finally, support for OS X Snow Leopard has been dropped with this release.
iTunes 12.0.1 and iTunes 12.0.1 (Windows 64-bit) are both available now for free download for Mac (OS X 10.7.5 or later) and Windows (XP or later).
Red Sox manager John Farrell says third baseman Pablo Sandoval is “well ahead of schedule” in their rehab and could potentially be an option for the Red Sox next month, as Brian MacPherson of the Providence Journal reports (Twitter links). Farrell seems to be suggesting that the Sox would likely treat Sandoval as an option only in the case of an injury to another player, such as current third baseman Travis Shaw.
In May, Sandoval had shoulder surgery and appeared likely to be out for the season. Since then, though, he's reportedly lost 22 pounds, as WEEI's Rob Bradford tweeted last month. Sandoval is currently playing DH in Red Sox instructs.
Sandoval, of course, had a miserable first season in Boston in 2015, batting just .245/.292/.366 while also struggling defensively. This year, he's collected just seven plate appearances and doesn't have a hit. Given their previous struggles, the length of time he's been away and the approaching end of the regular season, it would be quite a story if Sandoval were to contribute this season, even in the playoffs. That possibility seems unlikely, to say the least.
Still, it bodes well for Sandoval that he's progressed quickly enough that the Red Sox are open to the possibility of an early return. They still have three years and $58MM remaining on their contract, so there's still time for the team to recoup a bit of value from the $95MM investment in Sandoval they made in the 2014-15 offseason.
For a while there it seemed that the DCEU couldn't get out of its own way, but Wonder Woman has definitely let some sunlight in for the studio, and tonight it will surpass the film that launched it all.
Wonder Woman has pulled in $289 million domestically as of Wednesday and will enter the weekend with a box office total of over $292 million. That will put the film ahead of 2012's Man of Steel, which left theaters with a total of $291 million (via Forbes), and Wonder Woman is only about to enter its fourth week.
If the film hits around $365 million domestically, it would pass significant superhero competition like Guardians of the Galaxy ($333 million) and Deadpool at $363 million. Worldwide the film has also succeeded, already pulling in over $600 million. Man of Steel ended up making $668 million after it left theaters, and Wonder Woman is easily poised to pass it. It won't the only one in their rearview mirror either, as it could pass Logan ($617 million) by next week.
Amid the ongoing controversy and political slugfest over Taj Mahal and its prominence in India's cultural heritage, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath will visit the monument today.
Around 14,000 police officers have been deployed across the city for the visit of Yogi Adityanath.  They are also the first UP CM to visit Taj Mahal.
The historical edifice has been in the news after BJP MLA Sangeet Som said that it was built by a traitor and was a blot on India's cultural heritage.
Som's comments were followed by a barrage of reactions from across the political spectrum.
However, the BJP and CM Adityanath distanced themselves from the cacophony. Adityanath in an exclusive interview to India Today said that Som's comments were their personal views and the state government did not endorse it.
Adityanath will be part of a tourism programme at the Taj Mahal. They will visit the graves of Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal and also visit the Shah Jahan park in the vicinity. The chief minister is expected to inspect various surrounding places.
Yogi Adityanath will also lay foundation of tourist pathway from Taj Mahal to Agra Fort.
HERE ARE THE LIVE UPDATES:
3:10 PM: Yogi Adityanath said that their government wants that a tourist coming to Agra to visit Taj Mahal also visits Mathura and Govardhan. The Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister said that Taj Mahal was built by the blood and sweat of Indian labourers.
Everyday 40,000-50,000 tourists come to Agra, if we can provide them adequate security, the number will rise to 2.5 Lakh - 3 Lakh: UP CM pic.twitter.com/QyvcG5YtNS - ANI UP (@ANINewsUP) October 26, 2017
3:00 PM: Hitting out at their detractors, Yogi Adityanath said that those objecting to their Agra visit are the ones who divided people in the name of caste. They said that Agra is a huge centre for tourism, adding that the efforts are on to increase the number of visitors to 2-3 lakh per day.
Only those ppl are raising questions over my Agra visit who have divided the society on the basis of castes: UP CM Yogi Adityanath in Agra pic.twitter.com/pK5lFI3lpB - ANI UP (@ANINewsUP) October 26, 2017
12:22 PM: UP CM Adityanath exits the Taj Mahal tomb.
12:00 PM - UP Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath visits Taj Mahal, likely to spend 30 minutes inside the monument.
10:20 AM - UP CM headed to meet the safai karyakartas before visiting the Taj Mahal.
10:15 AM - Local MLAs also participate in the cleanliness drive while chants of 'Yogi, Yogi' rise from the crowd.
10:10 AM - Yogi Adityanath will be spearheading the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan from Agra, begins by sweeping in the Taj complex.
#Visuals Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath takes part in cleanliness drive at the Western Gate of Taj Mahal. #Agra pic.twitter.com/WTyah3s0Dp - ANI UP (@ANINewsUP) October 26, 2017
10:07 AM - CM Yogi Adityanath arrives at the parking lot of Taj Mahal amidst chants of 'Jai Sri Ram' and 'Bharat Mata Ki Jai'.
9:57 AM - CM Adityanath stressed on the need to complete the work of the check dam within the stipulated time.
9:48 AM - Adityanath inspects the proposed rubber check dam model in Agra.
9:40 AM - Yogi Adityanath will launch the Taj Swachhta drive on visiting the historical monument.
9:32 AM - CM Adityanath slotted to visit Shah Jahan park at 10 AM.
9:08 AM - CM Adityanath annunces the contruction of rubber barrage near Nagla Patam village in UP.
9:00 AM - CM Adityanath reaches Yamuna River.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath arrives in Agra. pic.twitter.com/pHrLSPYrRh
- ANI UP (@ANINewsUP) October 26, 2017
Residents of Alameda Point were warned Tuesday not to drink, wash dishes, cook or brush their teeth using tap water after contaminants were found in the water supply.
The City of Alameda issued a 48-hour water quality alert in the area that encompasses the former Alameda Naval Air Station after testing by the East Bay Municipal Utility District confirmed that the tap water was not fit to drink.
The restrictions apply only to Alameda Point, where the water supply system relies on old Navy infrastructure and pipelines, according to an Alameda Police Department advisory.
Crews began flushing the system Tuesday in an attempt to restore water quality to the distribution system. Residents of the area should not drink from faucets or allow pets to consume the water until utility district officials identify the source of the problem, according to the advisory.
City officials said they will provide bottled water to residents at the Alameda Point Collaborative Office, on 677 W. Ranger Avenue until the situation is resolved.
Peter Fimrite is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: pfimrite@sfchronicle.com. Twitter: @pfimrite
At first recant and then join in. Versace for H&M shows in...
It must be a sign of the times when H&M can keep wrapping high-end designers into its fold (Jimmy Choo, Stella McCartney, Karl Lagerfeld, Lanvin– but then again if Macy's just got Karl Lagerfeld, and Target, Zac Posen it wasn't long before Donatella Versace despite initial reservations (but that's their secret right?) joined forces with H&M‘s Margareta van den Bosch with the unveiling for their first collection.
According to those who attended it was nothing but a star fxck of socialites, celebs and the usual hanger ons aspiring for higher gravitas. Spotted (front row thank you very much) included Blake Lively (dressed in an original Versace strapless black and white mini dress- hawt bixch), Helena Christenson, Mark Ronson (in pink of course in sympathy with the collection) Sofia Coppola, Anna Sui, Uma Thurman and Jessica Alba.
The best part according to sources resigned that today was going to be a sick day (alas my dears…) was when Prince (yes why be shy when you're tending to a long star list) got on stage and started singing ‘Purple Rain,' with a very pleased Donatella Versace holding court and gingerly downing a few of the bountiful champagnes (can you blame her?).
As for the collection itself it reminded our source, yes the one with the hangover, of Versace (Gianni) of yesteryear, when the doyen of high color and flamboyant design was abounded. One could imagine somewhere them looking on and taking a bow…
The metallic disco dress of course according to them will soon be in their closet, we bet…
A knock out with the kids? We think H&M have got a sell out on their hands…
THE RISING TIDE OF HAUTE COUTURE DESIGNERS SIGNING ON WITH H&M. HIGH END COMES FINALLY CONVERGING WITH THE MASSES…
CLOSE Bernie Sanders says their colleague in the U.S. Senate, Republican John McCain, has a "conscience" in deciding to oppose the latest GOP healthcare overhaul plan. The Vermont Independent thanked McCain for the move Friday in San Francisco. (Sept. 22) AP
Eliminate insurance industry profits and reduce waste: Opposing view
Sen. Bernie Sanders on Sept. 22, 2017, in San Francisco. (Photo11: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images)
In 1965, President Lyndon B. Johnson signed Medicare legislation that guarantees comprehensive health care to all Americans over 65 through a single-payer, federally funded health care system. This is an effective, popular program.
My Medicare for All Act of 2017, with 16 co-sponsors, improves and expands Medicare and, over a four-year transition period, provides health care to every man, woman and child in our country.
In doing that, the U.S. will finally join the ranks of every other major country on Earth in recognizing that health care is a right, not a privilege.
We now have the most wasteful, inefficient and bureaucratic health care system in the world. In fact, we are spending almost twice as much per capita as any other country, while our health care outcomes are often worse. Instead of providing quality care to all in a cost-effective way, our current system is designed to provide hundreds of billions in profits to insurance companies, the pharmaceutical industry and medical equipment suppliers.
OUR VIEW:
Moving to a Medicare-for-all, single-payer system would eliminate insurance industry profits and reduce waste, saving up to $500 billion a year on administrative costs. Today, about 21 cents of every dollar spent on private health insurance goes to overhead and profit in an incredibly complicated system of hundreds of different plans, each with different deductibles, co-payments and premiums. In contrast, Medicare spends only 2% on administration.
Under Medicare for all, the American people would be able to go to any doctor or hospital they wanted. The major difference is that instead of writing out large checks to private insurance companies, they would be paying substantially less into a Medicare trust fund saving middle-class families thousands of dollars a year.
The truth is that the only reason we, among all major countries, do not have universal health care has everything to do with politics and greed.
Now is the time to tell members of Congress that their job is to protect the American people, not the insurance companies and the drug companies. Now is the time for Medicare for all.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., is ranking member of the Senate Budget Committee.
If you can't see this reader poll, please refresh your page.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2wRszUQ
Story highlights A new report says the Department of Veterans Affairs misled Congress and the public
The VA's Office of Inspector General highlights multiple errors in the department's previously reported findings
Rep. Jeff Miller, R-Florida, the committee chairperson, said the mistakes are either intentionally deceitful or grossly incompetent
The Department of Veterans Affairs misled Congress and members of the media about how many veterans died or suffered serious harm as a result of extreme treatment delays, according to a new report by the department's top watchdog.
The VA shared a fact sheet in April with Congress and the press that said 23 veterans died and a total of 76 suffered serious harm throughout the nation while waiting months or years for health care since 1999. But the report released Monday by the VA's Office of Inspector General highlights multiple errors with these findings and a lack of evidence for statements the VA released about them.
Amongst the misleading facts highlighted in the report, the VA overstated the timeframe of its review by eight years, since the VA said it examined unresolved requests for health care since 1999, but in reality only examined requests dating back to 2007.
Moreover, the inspector general says there may have been "overstatements or understatements" about the number of deaths or illnesses resulting from delays at specific VA hospitals and that the fact sheet contained a number of other errors.
These errors also included an incident reported to have occurred at one VA facility when it actually happened at another, and the number of "institutional disclosures" -- where the VA admitted delays caused severe harm -- as being overstated at one facility.
JUST WATCHED CNN probe prompts VA overhaul, firings Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH CNN probe prompts VA overhaul, firings 03:45
The report raises questions about how many veterans may have had their appointments erased by VA staff before they received treatment.
JUST WATCHED VA reveals 'largest reorganization' ever Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH VA reveals 'largest reorganization' ever 03:53
The VA reported that between September 2012 and April 2014, the number of appointments delayed more than 90 days dropped from 2 million to less than 300,000, but the inspector general found that the VA did not document how staff members were closing these appointments and did not ensure veterans received the care they were waiting for.
JUST WATCHED VA firing 4 senior officials over scandal Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH VA firing 4 senior officials over scandal 01:42
As a result, the inspector general could not determine what happened to 1.7 million appointments.
VA leaders, including a top VA health official, Dr. Thomas Lynch, shared many of these statistics on patient deaths and harm during a congressional staff briefing on April 7 and repeated them at a House Committee on Veterans' Affairs hearing on April 9.
Rep. Jeff Miller, R-Florida, the committee chairperson, described the errors as either intentionally deceitful or grossly incompetent.
"VA's statistics regarding the number of veterans harmed by department delays in care are almost certainly wildly inaccurate and we may never know the actual number of veterans affected by gaps in the VA system that existed for years," Miller said in a statement Monday.
"Accountability for the VA leaders responsible for misleading Congress and the public on this important matter is sorely needed," they added.
Miller also said the VA eventually contradicted itself in correspondence with the House committee by saying a review of delayed requests for health care dating back to 1999 would not be possible.
The VA previously issued an apology for the misleading and incorrect statements saying, "VA inadvertently caused confusion in its communication on this complex set of reviews that were ongoing at the time. For that, we apologize. There was no intent to mislead anyone with respect to the scope or findings of these reviews."
A separate VA audit released in June found that about 57,000 newly enrolled veterans were waiting at least 90 days for medical care and that almost 64,000 who enrolled in the past decade requested, but never received, appointments.
VA Secretary Robert McDonald has since taken steps to reform the embattled agency by creating new partnerships with private organizations, giving veterans greater access to private health care and establishing a VA-wide customer service office, among other programs.
Satellites often observe dust swirling over remote and unpopulated deserts but most of these events go largely unnoticed. Not so with the major dust storm that made international news in September 2015 for enveloping heavily-populated areas in the Middle East and North Africa.
Dust first emerged in Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) satellite imagery in Syria on September 6, 2015. By September 7 (top image), a thick plume swept across Syria, the Mafraq region of Jordan, and part of Turkey's Mediterranean coast. By September 8 (bottom image), dust had enveloped all of Lebanon, Israel, Jordan, Cyprus, and the Palestinian Territories. By September 9, it had moved southwest and spread over northeastern Egypt and the Gulf of Suez.
The influx of dust triggered a rash of canceled flights, closed ports, and a suspension of daily activities for many people. In several countries, authorities are advising the elderly and young children to stay indoors. The number of people visiting hospitals with respiratory problems has increased significantly, and several deaths have been attributed to the dust, according to media reports.
While satellites observe the dust from above, air quality sensors on the ground are recording remarkable amounts of particulate matter in surface air. In Jerusalem, pollution levels were 173 times higher than average, according to one news report. A sun photometer at the Sede Boker AERONET station in southern Israel showed a dramatic increase in aerosol optical depth (AOD)—a measure of how much sunlight is scattered by particles in the atmosphere.
“Satellite instruments, particularly MODIS, have revolutionized the scientific community's ability to understand the spatial extent, transport pathways, and the source areas of dust storms,” explained Thomas Gill, an atmospheric scientist at the University of Texas at El Paso. “Largely because of MODIS, we now have a much better understanding of what specific kinds of landforms and landscapes are prone to initiate huge dust storms, which should lead to improved methods to forecast—and in some cases mitigate—such dust events.”
One study led by Paul Ginoux of NOAA's Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory found that about 75 percent of global dust emissions were natural, while 25 percent were the result of human activity. For the purposes of the study, dust sources were considered natural if less than 30 percent of the land around a dust source—usually a dried body of water—was used for agriculture. Agriculture is associated with dust events because disturbing soils, removing vegetation cover, grazing by livestock, and draining surface water makes it easier for winds to pick up and transport dust.
Based on Ginoux's line of research, the dust sources in the current event in Syria would appear to be anthropogenic. A large agricultural region northeast of Raqqa is known as a particularly abundant dust source. In addition, there are several salt flats along the Syria-Iraq border that contribute dust.
NASA images by Jeff Schmaltz, LANCE/EOSDIS Rapid Response. Caption by Adam Voiland.
The Christian Science Monitor plans major changes in April 2009 that are expected to make it the first newspaper with a national audience to shift from a daily print format to an online publication that is updated continuously each day.
The changes at the Monitor will include enhancing the content on CSMonitor.com, starting weekly print and daily e-mail editions, and discontinuing the current daily print format.
This new, multiplatform strategy for the Monitor will "secure and enlarge the Monitor's role in its second century," said Mary Trammell, editor-in-chief of The Christian Science Publishing Society and a member of the Christian Science Board of Directors. Mrs. Trammell said that "journalism that seeks to bless humanity, not injure, and that shines light on the world's challenges in an effort to seek solutions, is at the center of Mary Baker Eddy's vision for the Monitor. The method of delivery and format are secondary" and need to be adjusted, given Mrs. Eddy's call to keep the Monitor "abreast of the times."
While the Monitor's print circulation, which is primarily delivered by US mail, has trended downward for nearly 40 years, "looking forward, the Monitor's Web readership clearly shows promise," said Judy Wolff, chairperson of the Board of Trustees of The Christian Science Publishing Society. "We plan to take advantage of the Internet in order to deliver the Monitor's journalism more quickly, to improve the Monitor's timeliness and relevance, and to increase revenue and reduce costs. We can do this by changing the way the Monitor reaches its readers."
The coming changes, over two years in the planning stage, occur at a time of fundamental transition in news publishing and turn the page on a remarkable chapter in American journalism. The Monitor, which celebrates its 100th anniversary on Nov. 25, was launched at the direction of church founder Eddy, who had been the subject of a searing legal and journalistic attack by Joseph Pulitzer's New York World. Officials of their church had a professional news organization up and running in just over 100 days.
In the Monitor's first edition, Mrs. Eddy defined the scope and tone of the newspaper's journalistic mission, writing that it should "injure no man, but bless all humankind."
Since that time, generations of editorial and publishing workers have devoted themselves to the Monitor. While Mrs. Eddy's paper was initially greeted with skepticism, the Monitor won respect from its journalistic peers; it has been awarded seven Pulitzer Prizes and numerous other journalistic accolades. Three Monitor editors have been elected president of the American Society of Newspaper Editors.
Monitor editor John Yemma said that while the methods of publishing Monitor journalism have evolved over 100 years, the underlying motives and approach remain constant.
"In the Monitor's next century, as with its first century, it is committed to finding answers to the world's most important problems, asking the questions that matter and getting the story behind the news - all of which is staying true to Mrs. Eddy's unselfish, original vision," they said. "The Monitor's role is right there in its name. It's to monitor the world, to keep an eye on the world from a perspective of hope."
Mrs. Wolff cited three goals that drove what they called "our evolving strategy" for the Monitor:
• Producing a website that can be updated 24/7 and delivered instantaneously "better fulfills Mrs. Eddy's original vision" for the Monitor to be daily than does a five-day-a-week paper delivered by mail with frequent delays.
• Focusing resources on the fast-growing Web audience for news rather than on the economically troubled daily newspaper industry "increases the Monitor's reach and impact." The Monitor's website currently attracts about 1.5 million visitors a month.
• Eliminating the major production and distribution costs of a daily newspaper will allow the Monitor to "make progress toward achieving financial sustainability" while supporting its global news resources.
Attaining these goals over the next five years would provide stability and continuity for Monitor journalism over the long run, said Mr. Yemma, who took office as the Monitor's editor in July after holding a number of editorial positions at the Boston Globe. Throughout the news industry, they added, publications are struggling with the profound disruption brought on by the Internet and the rising costs of newsprint and transportation.
The Monitor has required a subsidy from the Christian Science church for most of its history. In the current budget year ending April 30, the Monitor in all forms is forecast to lose $18.9 million. The church will provide a subsidy of $12.1 million from its general fund, with earnings from the Monitor Endowment Fund and donor contributions to the Monitor's operating fund covering the balance. The changes in strategy are projected gradually to decrease the Monitor's net operating loss to $10.5 million in 2013, so the church general fund subsidy will be $3.7 million, said managing publisher Jonathan Wells.
"Changes in the industry - changes in the concept of news and the economics underlying the industry - hit the Monitor first," given its relatively small size and the complex logistics required for national distribution, Mr. Wells said. "We are sometimes forced to be an early change agent."
All three Monitor publications – website, weekly print edition, and daily e-mail edition – will be produced by the same editorial staff. The Monitor will continue to operate at its current level of international and domestic coverage, with bureaus throughout the globe, and a strong presence in Washington. Yemma and Wells said these bureaus represent a distinct competitive advantage for the Monitor at a time when other news organizations are cutting back on staff coverage from outside their circulation regions.
"A modest reduction" in the Monitor's 95-person editorial staff is likely, once the transition to the new product line-up is completed, Yemma said.
A new design for the Monitor's website is being phased in. It is the first step in what Yemma said would be "a much more robust Web presence." In addition to frequent updating with the latest news seven days a week, the plan is for the site to become a portal where editors will point visitors to other areas on the Web that are attempting journalism in the same spirit as the Monitor. Yemma said they want to encourage much more two-way conversation between readers and Monitor staffers to "build a community of people who care about the values the Monitor stands for."
The Monitor's new weekly print edition will launch in April and be priced at $3.50 per copy or $89 for a year's subscription. A full-price subscription to the current daily print edition is $219. "We hope the people who subscribe to the daily will shift to the weekly and that many more who may not have had time to read the daily will find the weekly appeals to them," Yemma said.
Produced on high grade paper in a 10" by 12" size, the weekly will feature an in-depth cover story on a major global issue or trend; brief dispatches from Monitor correspondents around the globe; the best photographs of the week; special sections on innovation, the environment, and personal finance; as well as Home Forum essays and a single religious article, as has been the Monitor's practice since 1908.
Like the new print weekly, the new daily electronic edition will be offered by subscription. It will be a multipage PDF file sent by e-mail to subscribers Monday through Friday. The format makes it convenient for subscribers to print out the daily e-news edition at home. This publication will contain an original column by Monitor editors, the top Monitor stories of the day, links to other reports on the Monitor's website, and the daily religious article. Pricing has not been announced.
Reaching the improved financial targets in the Monitor's new business plan will depend on significant growth in Web traffic and on current subscribers to the daily paper transferring their subscriptions to the weekly edition and the daily e-mail edition, Wolff said. "If you are a current subscriber, we ask you to stay with us. If you do not subscribe, we hope you will subscribe to the Monitor now as it embarks on its second century."
This is a period of extreme financial difficulty for all news organizations. New York Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr., for instance, was asked at a conference in California on Oct. 22 whether the Times would be a print product in 10 years. "The heart of the answer must be (that) we can't care," Sulzberger said. They added that they expect print to be around for a long time but "we must be where people want us for our information."
The cost, delay, and waste generated by daily print are huge hindrances, said Yemma. The Monitor can lead the way in providing news primarily online.
"The Christian Science Monitor finds itself uniquely positioned to take advantage of developing technologies, market conditions, and news consumption habits that can dramatically increase its relevance, reach, and utility; place it on a sound financial footing; and allow it to pursue its unique mission of providing global perspective and illuminating the human dimension behind international news," Yemma noted.
The Rockin' 1000 is a group of rock musicians from mainly Italy and a few from other countries such as Canada, Mexico, England, Belgium Spain, Austria, Croatia, Bosnia, USA and Germany, Greece, France, Sweden, Bulgaria, Russia . As the name indicates, over a thousand musicians play and sing simultaneously at their concerts. The home of the organization is in Cesena in Italy, originally assembled in July 2015 as a stunt to get the Foo Fighters to visit their hometown, which finally happened on November 3rd 2015.[1][2]
They are now an established presence, and have made subsequent appearances. They have been described as the "biggest band in the world."[3][4]
They were originally organized in a crowdfunding effort by Fabio Zaffagnini. Their initial performance in 2015 was made under the direction of Marco Sabiu.[5]
They played an 18-song concert on July 24th, 2016, in Cesena, Italy in the Stadio Dino Manuzzi in front of an audience of around 15,000 people.[citation needed]
References [ edit ]
A spokesperson says the request is not the result of sequestration. Pentagon asks to shift $9.6 billion
The Defense Department began forwarding documents to Congress late Friday seeking to shift as much as $9.6 billion within its budget to cope with what it said were large shortfalls in overseas contingency funds related to Afghanistan.
The massive reprogramming is larger than the $7.5 billion cap set by Congress for annual transfers between accounts. But the Pentagon said only $7.3 billion actually applied to that statutory limit and the remainder could be moved by tapping other transfer authorities available to the department.
Story Continued Below
About $1 billion, largely to pay for fuel costs, would be moved under transfers related to a working capital fund. To fill the remaining gap, DOD is apparently also tapping into transfer authorities it has under the so-called “foreign currency fluctuations account.”
How all this will sit with Congress is not certain yet. The very size of the transfers pose a challenge for the Appropriations and Armed Services Committees which must review and sign off on the requests, which are sure to entail taking money away from priority programs lawmakers have supported in the past.
The “foreign currency fluctuations account” is described as a bank of sorts allowing DOD to deal — as the name suggests— with changes in currency rates overseas. How that fits in this reprogramming is not yet clear, but one long-time veteran of the defense appropriations process expressed surprise at its inclusion.
The DOD requests came Friday even as several domestic departments and agencies were also seeking their own transfers to cope with the fallout from budget cuts March 1 ordered under sequestration.
The Department of Homeland Security, for example, will be seeking to move about $400 million to avoid furloughs of critical personnel, such as Border Patrol and Secret Service agents. NOAA wants to move $47 million to help protect National Weather Service operations.
But DOD, the very largest, insisted that its requests have little to do with sequestration. “These actions are designed primarily to offset large shortfalls in Overseas Contingency Operations funding and unanticipated fuel bills, not to offset the effects of sequestration,” said a DOD spokesperson.
The Pentagon is allowed under statute to move up to $4 billion within its base budget and $3.5 billion from the contingency or OCO funds. In this case, the spokesperson said, a total of $7.3 billion of this transfer authority will be consumed by this reprogramming. But the remaining $2.3 would then come from “other authorities, including the authority to transfer funds from the Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense account.”
An AirAsia Airbus A320 passenger jet lands at Sukarno-Hatta airport in Tangerang on the outskirts of Jakarta in this January 30, 2013 picture. REUTERS/Enny Nuraheni/Files
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - AirAsia Bhd's (AIRA.KL) proposal to set up an airline jointly with the Tata group was approved on Wednesday by the Indian government's foreign investment regulator, paving the way for the first foreign carrier to enter the domestic aviation sector.
Malaysia's AirAsia, the largest budget carrier in Asia, plans to launch a regional airline in India with an initial investment of 800 million rupees to cash in on rising demand for domestic air travel among India's rapidly expanding middle class.
The new airline, AirAsia India, will be managed by the Malaysian company and based in the southern Indian city of Chennai.
AirAsia, through its investment arm, will own 49 percent of the new airline, with Tata Sons Ltd, the holding company of salt-to-software conglomerate Tata group, owning 30 percent. Arun Bhatia, who owns Telestra Tradeplace, an investment firm, will hold the remainder.
“It's been cleared,” said Arvind Mayaram, India's economic affairs secretary, when asked about the deal. “Now they will have to take the necessary licences from the DGCA. They can start operating now once they get the licence.”
The DGCA is India's aviation regulator, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation.
Earlier on Wednesday, Aviation Minister Ajit Singh said they do not expect any major hurdles for the venture.
India's aviation industry, which has been plagued by losses due to high operating costs and fierce competition, was opened to foreign investors in September last year. Foreign carriers are now able to purchase up to 49 percent of local airlines.
It has been almost a year and a half since I started leading The Cincinnati Survival / Preparedness Group. The group has about 300 members, of which around 200 rotate in and out of class meetings of approximately 50 people. However, it was never always this active. Before I stepped in to lead the group, it was dormant for months without any activity from the organizer. Many had tried to contact them in order to get the group re-started, but their email account was dead. It seemed to me at the time that the group was headed to the grave as well.
With this grim outlook, I decided to try to find other preparedness communities in the area. Day after day, scouring the internet, I could not find a single local group that hadn't already shut down or was inactive. How could this be so? I live in a conservative area in The Heartland of Ohio. I'm surrounded by other conservative areas like KY and the Southern IN countryside. Additionally, the steady stream of current events had to dictate that more people were becoming aware and prepared. Surely there had to be some group that I could liaise with! Unfortunately, my days of searching were fruitless, and I found myself as the “lone wolf” prepper.
It was by luck and a little leadership that I was able to find the previous organizer's email on Linked In, and was able to get website control and start it back up.
While I consider the past two years a great success, what about the rest of the country? Are preppers having as difficult of a time as I did try to find like-minded people?
From what my readers tell me from all across the country, the answer is a dismal “yes”. But why are preparedness groups so prone to fail when the world around us is falling apart at an expedient rate? Something systemic has to be occurring if so many people are complaining about it. While I may not have all the answers, we can at least explore them since I've seen what it takes to be in a successful group.
– Complacency: Some folks that come in to the group have just brushed the surface in truth seeking the world around them. I do not think they have dug deep enough to see the real and immediate dangers that we face. Therefore, they are the complacent and end up not preparing the way they need to.
– Apathy: Some of my members are super eager to get started in our group. They are fully aware of the world around them, but fear that there is too little time. With this group of people, I think their fear turns into apathy. “How can we possibly prepare for something so earth shattering?!” If this is you, read my article Defeat Prepper Apathy.
– Failure to let go / Denial: While it's not completely identical to apathy, I see many preppers who still want to grasp on to the blue pill. “I cannot prep more because of”….my day job, my family commitments, materialism, sports, school, etc. Although the world's on fire, life around me still seems pretty normal.
– Laziness: Similar to denial, laziness gets the better of some because the world keeps spinning. While other members of the group are putting in honest hardworking preparations, others do not. This is usually a contention point, tensions arise, and the group splits.
– Extremism: There are quite a few militia prepper groups out there. There are some that are very balanced, and others that have extreme tendencies. I have heard of some preparedness groups whose plan it is to take supplies by force if SHTF. When these folks find their ways into groups, the alpha male tendencies arise and groups tend to split.
– Power Struggle / Control: Too many chiefs and not enough Indians. Let's face it, there are substantially more men involved in the preparedness movement than women. There are obvious alpha male tendencies within groups of men whereas women tend to be more social/collaborative. That's somewhat of a generalized statement, but I have seen several times where men butt heads about how a group is being led. This ultimately leads to a big power struggle and disbandment of the group.
– Trust: Unless you can band together with close friends and family, inviting acquaintances into your group can be very difficult. This is especially pertinent when you talk about ownership of land and allowing people to know where you live.
– Lack of Leadership: What does it take to lead a preparedness group? What does it take to simply be a leader? I find that many preppers are entirely focused on survival skills and hard assets, but neglect leadership, organization, and improving their people skills. Let's be clear, preppers tend to be somewhat isolationists. This may stem from the fact that prepper thoughts are taboo in our world, and opening up to others is not so easy. However, if you want a successful group, you need to establish a team of leaders that are organized, have the end in mind, and look for “win-win's” for everyone. I have quite a few articles on leadership, and you can start here.
Notice a Trend?
Groups split because of individual human psychology and human-to-human interactions. With stress levels high in a SHTF scenario, do you think your group can handle it and stick together? If you and your spouse are already having issues, will they be exacerbated when SHTF? This is the very reason why I think preppers need to start thinking equally about “HR” skills in their groups. Every group needs to have a strong leader that is a “people person”, can be calm and resolve tensions, and be the glue that keeps it together. Every group also needs to have members that value others and look at interdependence within the group rather than Independence (selfishness). For more reading on how you can obtain these skills, refer to my article Are You an Effective & Organized Prepper?
Hulu's new animated short, Rosaline, follows a young maiden on their trip through the woods to deliver a basket of treats to their sweetheart. It's standard fairytale fare, in all ways but one: Rosaline's sweetheart is a woman.
Watching Rosaline on @hulu:http://hulu.com/w/sc8p
Along their journey, Rosaline crosses paths with a witch, a wolf and their own fairy godmother, courageously overcoming each obstacle as they encounter it. When their fairy godmother offers to conjure up a Prince to rescue her, Rosaline politely declines.
"That's kind of you to offer, but you haven't seen my dreams. Every person's wish is theirs and it's not always what it seems," they reply in the animated short's rhyming verse.
The cartoon, which debuted in the midst of LGBT Pride Month, is the second queer love story brought to Hulu by director Daniel Errico. Their first, The Bravest Knight Who Ever Lived, debuted last year and told the story of a gay pumpkin farmer.
The animated short's release comes in the wake of calls for Disney to give Elsa, the hero from "Frozen", a girlfriend. Fans have used the hashtag campaign #GiveElsaAGirlfriend in the past to show their support for the move, which many people would help to increase LGBT representation in children's media.
The files of the Cultural Revolution, which raged from 1966 until Mao's death in 1976, make up a mere 16 of the 21,568 volumes that the Beijing Municipal Archives has made public in four separate releases — in 1996, 1997, 2001 and 2009. (The other files cover periods of Chinese history from 1906.) Stored in thick binders on library-style stacks, they can be viewed in the Municipal Archives building, a spacious, modern structure with overstuffed chairs and a scholarly atmosphere on the south side of the city.
The yellowing files give scant insight into those days' atrocities: the denunciations of parents by children; the humiliation of intellectuals; the millions of lives ruined by Red Guards ordered to remake society through upheaval. Mao's personality cult made them a living god, and armed violence broke out over their affections. Everything was politicized. Many committed suicide.
Today, that era has been all but obliterated from the official history of the People's Republic, its horrors glossed over in history books. While many younger Chinese know that the country passed through a period of turmoil, scholars say, few have any idea of its wild extremes. Events that were “earth shattering have now turned into words with vague and sketchy meanings,” Chen Xiaojing, a Communist Party official from the time, wrote in a carefully hedged account of their experiences, “My Cultural Revolution Years.”
Why the government is releasing some documents from the era is unclear. Archive officials declined repeated requests for interviews. Experts say the files contain little if any material that government censors would regard as incendiary.
“For people like me who have been studying the Cultural Revolution as a profession, it's better than having nothing at all,” said Xu Youyu, a historian and former researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. “But the things I want to know are, for example, how many homes the Red Guards had gone to raid and what they took out of each home. There's not a chance of finding those things in these documents.
“If you air these things out, people may start asking why it happened. And this is not a question that is directed only at 1966, but may be turned around and asked about the current situation in China.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Yet a picture of Chinese life 40 and 50 years ago does emerge from the archives. The files, some nearly transparent and thin as one-ply tissue paper, include handwritten drafts of speeches, lists of production quotas, song lyrics, government regulations and minutes of groups that studied Mao's words. The texts embrace the political rhetoric of the day, in which all problems were succinctly rendered into rhyming epithets.
The files apparently have been filtered for anything dealing with deaths and imprisonment, and they describe a country still fervently Communist, and unrecognizable today. They narrate the story of a country in the throes of madness, when “Mao Zedong thought” cured everything from truancy to traffic jams to agricultural chemistry to illegal pigeon sales.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Consider: records from 1972, taken at a grade school outside Beijing, show that math students were made to sing two revolutionary songs and study and discuss six Mao quotations for 25 minutes of each class. The remaining few minutes were spent doing math.
In 1967, a report urged forming special groups at the provincial and city levels to “use every conceivable means to guarantee production” each year of 13,000 tons of specially formulated red plastic — required for the covers of Mao's “Little Red Book” of quotations.
“The Conference on the Situation of the Special Plastic Used by the Works of Chairman Mao” proclaimed that producing the plastic was “our glorious political responsibility.” To hold everyone accountable, the conference produced a chart with a month-by-month breakdown of production levels.
At times, the files veer perilously close to black, or perhaps red, comedy. In 1970, the annual Representative Conference of the Enthusiasts of Chairman Mao's Works from the City Transportation Bureau studied rush-hour bottlenecks created because workers were required to arrive early to study Chairman Mao's works. The bottlenecks, the workers concluded, were the work of “conservative rightists and selfish departmentalism and other mistaken ideas.”
Yet there are also oblique hints of more sinister processes at work.
Many reports began with anecdotes of selfless revolutionary fervor. In one of them, Liu Chunnong, a transportation security guard, recounted in 1968 how their dozen pet goldfish had been their pride and joy. After a party meeting, they said, they took the fish outside and buried them alive. Raising goldfish, they wrote, had been criticized as a petit bourgeois practice.
In a handwritten series of 1972 speeches, many of them heavily edited in pen, a teacher from Beijing's outskirts recalled how their comrades “patiently and delicately” sought to reform a teacher who was not a worker, but a member of the wealthy class. Rounds of criticism had little effect, so the group chose to help them realize their mistakes through physical labor, by weeding farmland.
“He pulled grass,” the speech read. “At first, they were squatting, but they couldn't handle it after two days. Then they pulled the grass while kneeling. Finally, they did it while crawling.”
Party censors excised the tale of the exhausted teacher from the final draft of the speech.
A war of words has erupted between groups affiliated with the Black Lives Matter movement and pro-Israel commentators over the characterization of Israel in their policy document released last week.
The policy platform titled A Vision for Black Lives, is a wide-spanning document that was drafted by more than 50 organizations known as the Movement for Black Lives. It goes beyond criminal justice and touches on many issues including education and economics.
In the Invest/Divest section of the platform, the group criticizes the US government for providing military aid to Israel.
“The US justifies and advances the global war on terror via its alliance with Israel and is complicit in the genocide taking place against the Palestinian people,” the platform says. “Israel is an apartheid state with over 50 laws on the books that sanction discrimination against the Palestinian people.”
This characterization drew ire from pro-Israel commentators, and in the week since its release many have penned op-eds and statements condemning the movement.
On their personal Medium page, the CEO of the Anti-Defamation League Jonathan Greenblatt wrote that, while they agreed with the majority of the document, they called the treatment of Israel “one-sided” and “unfair”.
“We categorically reject the document's criticism of the United States and Israel,” they wrote. “It's repellent and completely inaccurate to label Israel's policy as ‘genocide'.”
Other groups such as the T'ruah: The Rabbinic Call for Human Rights and the Boston chapter of the Jewish Community Relations Council expressed “dismay” over the platform. The JCRC said it could no longer support Black Lives Matter and while T'ruah said it will “insist on standing up for the dignity and safety of both Israelis and Palestinians”.
Dream Defenders, one of the groups that wrote the Invest/Divest section, wrote a rebuttal to some of the criticism in which they stood by the platform. Several other pro-Palestinian groups have also come out in support.
The description of Israel as an apartheid state is particularly contentious. Sari Bashi, Israel and Palestine country director for Human Rights Watch, told the Guardian that, while apartheid does not have a specific legal definition, there are definitely laws that discriminate between Palestinians and Israelis in Israel. This is most prevalent in the West Bank.
“The problem is that you have completely distinct systems of law that apply to Israeli settlers in the West Bank and Palestinian residents,” Bashi said. “Israeli settlers have a whole host of rights and privileges that Palestinian residents in the West Bank do not have.”
Bashi said that, among other things, Palestinians are subject to military law in the West Bank while Israelis are subject to civil law, which is far more forgiving.
The word genocide does have a clear legal meaning and Bashi said it does not apply in the case of Palestine.
“It's an attempt to destroy an entire people,” Bashi said. “I haven't seen any presentation of how that could apply in Israel. Even if you kill a lot of people, it doesn't mean it's genocide.”
The platform also drew criticism for its support of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement. It called for an end to anti-BDS legislation being passed in a number of states.
“This type of legislation not only harms the movement to end the Israeli occupation of Palestine, but is a threat to the constitutional right to free speech and protest,” the platform said.
BDS is a movement started in 2005 that was inspired by the boycott of South Africa for its apartheid policies. It calls for supporters to boycott Israel in various ways, this includes businesses, academics, artists and more. Activists also call on universities to divest stocks and funds from corporations that are involved in selling weapons or profiting from the conflict.
The movement has gained traction on college campuses in the US, leading to many critics to decry the organization as antisemitic, and linked to radical Islam. A campaign was started to outlaw BDS, with several legislators putting forth anti-BDS bills, with the backing of prominent lobbyist such as Sheldon Anderson.
Anti-BDS legislation has now been passed in more than 20 states.
Rabbi Dan Dorsch, of Atlanta, outlined their disapproval for the movement in a piece for Haaretz.
“The mainstream Jewish community – not to mention the leaders of the Palestinian government – reject the BDS movement as harmful to progress, discriminatory and antisemitic,” Dorsch said.
The rabbi added that claiming the oppression of black people in America is linked to the struggle of Palestinians is “unquestionably shortsighted and will only undermine the credibility of the movement and the important cause of civil rights in America”.
About 200,000 children under the age of five could die from severe malnutrition in Somalia by the end of the year, unless the United Nations receives emergency funds to stave off mass hunger, UN officials have said.
Only $15m has been received against the appeal by the UN Children's Fund (UNICEF) to donor states for $150m to provide vital health services to more than three million women and children in the Horn of Africa nation this year, the agency said on Tuesday.
"If funding is not received immediately, UNICEF will have to suspend essential life-saving health services within one month," said the agency spokesperson Christophe Boulierac in Geneva.
"Somalia has 200,000 children under the age of five at risk of death (by) the end of the year 2014 from severe malnutrition if they do not receive life-saving therapeutic assistance.”
Acute malnutrition
About 50,000 Somali children under five currently suffer from acute severe malnutrition, according to UNICEF.
Somalia's government is struggling to impose any sense of order, more than two decades after the fall of dictator Mohamed Siad Barre plunged the country into chaos.
UNICEF has been providing 70 percent of health services including medicines, vaccinations, staff salaries and fuel to run hospital generators, especially in central and southern Somalia, Boulierac said.
Western nations fear the country could sink back into chaos and provide a launch pad for armed groups.
The capital Mogadishu has been hit by a series of suicide bomb attacks in the past few months, claimed by al Qaeda-linked al-Shabab rebels, who have waged a sustained guerrilla campaign even after being pushed out of the city in mid-2011.
Photo by: Sandra Nieman Christopher Holman, founder and music director of the Urbana Bach Cantatas Project, plays the pipe organ at First Presbyterian Church of Urbana, where the Cantatas Project will make its first vespers presentation next Sunday. Behind them from left are Kim Uwate, playing a Baroque viola; Samuel Araya, Baroque cello; Rebecca Saul, Baroque viola; and Amy Flores, Baroque cello.
URBANA — A Champaign native and recent University of Illinois graduate in music has created the Urbana Bach Cantatas Project, the first professional choir in Champaign-Urbana that will be accompanied by an orchestra of a dozen or so musicians, all performing on period instruments from the 1700s.
"These specialist instrumentalists, who are university faculty, advanced graduate students and professionals, will come from all over the country to present this wonderful music," said founder Christopher Holman, who just received a bachelor's degree from the UI in organ and vocal performance.
"The eight singers are along the same lines — university faculty and professionals," they said. "We have somebody from Princeton, Montana, New York. We have a couple of people from Illinois Wesleyan and Millikin."
The Urbana Bach Cantatas Project — Holman is its music director as well — will offer three concerts this summer, all free and all starting at 5 p.m. at First Presbyterian Church of Urbana, 602 W. Green St. The first will be next Sunday.
Holman is paying the musicians — the Urbana church is co-sponsoring the new venture, and so are the East Central Illinois Chapter of the American Guild of Organists and individual donors such as M. Gay Roberts and Chester "Chet" Alwes, founder and director of the Baroque Artists Ensemble of Champaign-Urbana.
Free-will offerings will be taken at each event to support the new series.
The concerts actually are vespers, or evening prayer services, presented in a context similar to their original presentations during the time of Johann Sebastian Bach (1685-1750).
The vespers will focus on their sacred cantatas — extended works for instruments and voices, choral motets and psalms. Organ and orchestral works as well as music by Bach's contemporaries also will be presented.
The vespers are not considered performances but instead services with participation by the audience, or congregation, with spoken responses and sing-alongs of hymns from Bach's time.
The schedule:
— June 29, Vespers for the Second Sunday after Trinity, featuring chorus, orchestra and organ, with cantata "Die Himmel erzhlen die Ehre Gottes" ("The heavens are telling the glory of God), BWV 76.
— July 13, Vespers — music for solo soprano, featuring 2014 Krannert Center Debut Artist Alexandra Nowakowski singing cantata "Mein Herze schwimmt in Blut" ("My heart swims in blood"), BWV 199.
— July 27, Vespers — music for the meeting of the town council, featuring chorus, orchestra and organist Christopher Holman, with cantata "Wir danken dir, Gott, wir danken dir" ("We thank you God, we thank you"), BWV 29. Holman is a 2010 alumnus of The High School of St. Thomas More in Champaign. They plan to attend graduate school in organ performance and literature this fall at the Moores School of Music at the University of Houston.
Holman, a 22-year-old Champaign native, began playing piano at age 10. They had a church job when they were 11 at Shiloh United Methodist, outside Mahomet, and enjoyed playing the organ there.
In high school, they became acquainted and studied with UI organ Professor Dana Robinson and became interested in Baroque music. They applied at several colleges but decided to remain at Illinois, where they worked with Alwes and harpsichord Professor Charlotte Mattax, who directs an early music ensemble at the UI. For more information, see firstpresurbana.org/bach or call Holman 417-0979.
About this mod Skooma, it is very dangerous.
But, at Skyrim it was a potion that recovers the stamina without any disadvantages.
So, instead of changing the effect of drugs, instead of temporarily giving users a huge stamina, continue to decrease health and magica for a week.
Also, immediately after use, will feel strong pleasure and the Permissions and credits Author's instructions File credits This author has not credited anyone else in this file Donation Points system This mod is not opted-in to receive Donation Points
Skooma, it is very dangerous.
But, at Skyrim it was a potion that recovers the stamina without any disadvantages.
So, instead of changing the effect of drugs, instead of temporarily giving users a huge stamina, continue to decrease health and magica for a week.
Also, immediately after use, will feel strong pleasure and the user will lose conscious for a while.
Amman - Inside St Mary's Church in Marka, on the outskirts of the capital Amman, Iraqi Anne Danyale al-Basi cries when they talk about their son, Rami.
Since the operation to retake their home city of Mosul began on October 17, the 14-year-old doesn't talk much. Instead, they come straight from school to the church room they share with other Iraqi Christian refugees and turns on the news.
"He spends all their life in this room now," Basi told Al Jazeera. "Since they started watching the battle, all they want to do is go back to Iraq."
In the chaotic years following the 2003 US-led invasion in Iraq, they said their son watched as Mosul became the site of kidnappings and ongoing threats by armed groups. They wanted to study engineering, hoping to one day help rebuild their city.
Instead, the family said a final goodbye to their home one morning in July 2014, when the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) group gave Mosul's Christians 48 hours to decide to flee or die.
"Because we've been forced out of our own country, Rami believes there is no country that will be ours," Basi said. "But what kind of future can my children have if we go back to Iraq now?"
The family was among an initial 1,000 Iraqi Christians flown to Amman by the aid organisation Caritas Jordan in August 2014, almost two months after ISIL, also known as ISIS, took over the city. Back then, refugees piled into church halls stacked with mattresses and emergency supplies, believing Jordan was a short pit-stop on the road to resettlement in a new country.
We will watch the news of Mosul until the end of our lives," they said. "But returning is impossible, I don't want my kids to ever have to go through another day like the one in 2014. Anne Danyale al-Basi, Iraqi Christian
Yet, two years on, many have found themselves stuck in limbo.
Inside makeshift rooms separated by curtains, towers of luggage lie stacked in corners and family pictures are taped to the walls. News programmes broadcasting scenes from Iraq's battlefield break up the afternoon quiet as refugees return home from mass.
Almost 12,000 Iraqi Christians are still in Jordan under Caritas' guardianship. According to the organisation's spokesperson, Dana Shahin, more than half of then are from the Mosul area.
Shahin says that many of the families have split modest apartments in Amman and its surroundings. Others, like Basi, still rely on churches - St Mary's alone houses some 25 people.
The multi-pronged offensive includes some 25,000 troops spanning Iraqi security forces, federal police, Kurdish fighters, Sunni tribesmen and Shia militias. Still home to more than one million people, provincial capital Mosul is the main target of the operation.
As mixed brigades enter surrounding villages, the struggle has onlookers wondering whether these victories could pave the way for Iraq's religious minorities to return home.
But for Basi, that possibility has long passed.
"We will watch the news of Mosul until the end of our lives," they said. "But returning is impossible, I don't want my kids to ever have to go through another day like the one in 2014."
Shahin, Caritas' spokesperson, said the feeling is a common one for refugees here in Jordan.
"We hear the same answer, but it's a sad thing because we would like [to] preserve the presence of Christians in the Middle East," they said. "But of course this is not easy for the families actually living in this situation."
READ MORE: Iraq refugee radio programme gains momentum
Former residents also fear what will emerge in ISIL's wake. Iraq's second largest city, Mosul, was home to a mosaic of different religious and ethnic groups. Martin Daniel, Basi's brother, who also lives in Marka, said this delicate balance has been irrevocably disturbed.
"Mosul was made up Sunni, Shiites, Yazidis and Christians, we were all raised together," they told Al Jazeera. "But we worry after Daesh [ISIL] leaves, there will be war for control among them all."
Daniel spent 18 years fighting with an Assyrian Christian unit of the Kurdish Peshmerga forces. But when ISIL closed in on Mosul, they and their family joined Basi and headed to Jordan. Now they are watching the unit they once fought with march towards the city they left behind.
"When I see that my brigade is moving forward, my instincts tell me to go and fight," they said. "The only thing stopping me is my children."
While the battle rages in Iraq, Christians taking refuge in Jordan still eye brighter futures abroad.
That plan materialised for Basi and Danyale in October, when both families were granted asylum in Australia. They are due to leave Jordan within a few months to start a new life. But for others still waiting in Marka, solutions have so far been elusive.
"We have applied [for resettlement] at the Australian embassy, but haven't heard anything yet," Raghad Sabah, another Mosul resident living at the church, told Al Jazeera. "But we stay here because we lost everything in Iraq, we have nowhere else to go."
As Iraqi forces set their sights on retaking the city, bigger questions are emerging about what - and who - will control areas so many different groups once called home. When ISIL descended on Mosul back in 2014, Sabah said they watched city officials and security forces flee the chaos alongside civilians.
"I watched with my own eyes as Iraqi soldiers switched from their uniforms into civilian clothing, drop their weapons and run from the city," they said. "Not once has someone from the Iraqi government asked about us since then; if we return, who can we trust to allow us to live there?"
From Jordan, they have seen what has become of Mosul play out on the news and has tried to keep in touch with friends still Iraq. But they said it is not the physical destruction keeping them from returning home. Rather, it is the scars left behind from that day in July 2014.
Sabah bounced their son on their knee and fiddled with a beaded bracelet on display outside their curtained room.  They are sometimes able to sell the handmade jewellery to visitors for a little extra cash.
"You see places you used to study, work and live, destroyed, ancient churches demolished; this is not an easy thing to watch," they said. "But the real problem is that there is no more trust; not only for the Christians, but everyone, because we have all suffered this trauma."
What, you thought the Choomongous was the only weird and large ballpark food item I would be consuming for your entertainment this summer? There are a whole lot of other stadiums and concession oddities that need to be eaten and reviewed, so it was off to Pittsburgh for our second entry: The Closer.
The Closer is a grilled cheese named after closer -- well, now former closer, but we'll get to that -- Jason Grilli. Get it? Grill is in their name! Look, they made a shirt and everything, just in case you needed help making the connection:
As for the "former closer" bit, Grilli was traded from the Pirates to the Angels recently after losing their job as the team's stopper. In fact, I just so happened to eat their sandwich at their final game as the Pirates' closer, in which they blew the save that cost them their gig, and any potential licensing opportunities that could have come from the Grilli Grill brand to boot.
It's a shame, too, because this sandwich should continue to exist for as long as our hearts will allow.
If you don't believe me or the above photo, will you take the word of the man who snapped it, Pittsburgh's and SB Nation's own Spilly? The two of us descended on PNC Park on a rainy afternoon to take in a game and a Closer each. You know, for science.
Review: The Closer
How It Was Made
The Closer is only found in one place in all of PNC Park, in the pub and restaurant situated behind left field. It's a long walk to get there unless you're already sitting in the outfield, and if you plan on eating your Closer in the restaurant itself, you might have to fight for seating and a viable view of the field. The hostess knew exactly what I was looking for, as I started to say, "Where can I order the... " and was interrupted with the menu item and place where I would find it before I could finish. It's at the bar, if you were wondering.
As it's a restaurant setting and not a concourse kitchen, we didn't get to actually watch them make the $14 sandwiches, which took them about 15 minutes to prepare -- whether that was because there were two of us or the sandwich just takes that long to make, I don't know. They did prepare them for us how we wanted, though, with Spilly's cut down the middle and mine uncut, while they received thick chips and I opted for fries, which cost $1 more.
The fries, by the way, were great, while the chips were a bit stale and soggy at the same time.
What goes into this grilled cheese that makes it worthy of our attention? Cheese, mostly. Like, a lot of it. There are nine -- nine! -- different cheeses in The Closer: provolone, mozzarella, Parmesan, Gouda, cheddar, pepper jack, Swiss, blue, and feta. It's not just cheese for the sake of cheese, either, as they are organized on each of the three different levels of the sandwich, giving you, in essence, three completely different grilled cheeses stacked on top of each other.
The Pirates-colored papering is a fun touch, but maybe that wasn't intentional since everything in Pittsburgh is black and yellow. The other bits of food you're seeing there are, in no particular order: candied bacon, a Granny Smith apple, and a leek compote. That's some fancy shit for a cheese sandwich at the ballpark.
"I thought it would be bigger."
While waiting for our sandwiches to come out, we turned and saw a gentleman who had already ordered and received their sandwich. They had overheard our order, and boasted to us before they took the first bite of his, "I'm disappointed, honestly. I thought it was going to be bigger", a sentence which they finished off with a confident laugh before tearing into The Closer. The bartender kind of rolled their eyes and gave them a look that said, "Yeah okay big guy" before heading off to their next task.
As we were watching the game, checking out our surroundings, and aren't total stalker weirdos, we didn't watch them during every second of their meal, but we turned back to them about halfway through, when most of the color had drained from their face and they seemed to be silently regretting their earlier bravado. We quietly peeked at them every now and again to check on both their progression and regression, and by the time they had finished and was attempting to pay their bill, they had the look of that guy everyone who has ever been out drinking for a little too long knows very well. They were trying to stay strong, with deep breaths through their nose, but they were a wreck who was one wrong smell or glance at another grilled cheese away from throwing up their entire Closer all over the bar.
It's a large grilled cheese, but not necessarily a large sandwich. It's dense as can be, though, and has those nine cheese plus those other goodies to make it both dense and rich in both flavor and feel, so it can be devastating to a person who isn't used to destroying themselves with food like this.
Needless to say, we were excited to see what effect the sandwich would have on us.
Getting To My Seat
We were sitting on the third base side behind home plate, so it was a long walk from center field. The pub provided us with takeout cases for the grilled cheeses, though, so it was easy enough to get back, and even stop to buy water on the way. It was very crowded at the park and on the concourse, even with it already being the second inning by the time we were getting back with our Closers, but thanks to the containers, that barely mattered. Good job, PNC!
The First Bite
I wanted this to be delicious: it's a grilled cheese with bacon and essentially infinite cheeses on it, so if it were bad, it would be heartbreaking.
Guys. GUYS. This was so good. (Once I figured out where to attack it from, anyway. This video is the best example of how large this thing actually is before I squashed it to make things easier.) Unhinging my jaw and chipmunking the first bite could have ended horribly if it didn't taste amazing but, praise the sandwich gods, it was great. It was also shockingly tidy, even with it being kept as a whole sandwich instead of cut in half, as the pieces inside the sandwich stayed where they belonged. Thanks, abundance of melted goodness.
Those kids to my left were so into our adventures in sandwiching. They couldn't convince their parents to purchase them the grilled heart attack for some reason, though.
The Rest
The candied bacon was the individual standout from the sandwich. Sometimes -- as much as I love bacon -- it's just placed into foods because the people preparing said foods know that it will make a part of many brains scream, "BACON". It made so much sense here, though, as it was candied, and gave the grilled cheese a sweet component it would otherwise lack in what was a very dairy-filled sandwich. The leek compote and Granny Smith apple did not stand out in nearly the same way, but they worked as complementary tastes with their respective cheeses.
I was impressed that the midsection holding the whole thing together, comprised of what looked to be mostly feta, stayed together throughout my meal. It didn't drip, it didn't slide out, and it didn't fall apart in my hands. This thing stayed whole from start to finish, and I didn't need a napkin until I was done.
The Last Bite
It took me eight minutes to eat The Closer...
...and I immediately wanted to get another one. Sensing that my stomach did not know what was good for my heart, I decided not to get up and purchase more, especially given how content I was with the one.
I ate all of the fries, too, so this thing was completely wiped out by me.
I'm annoyed, as I type this, that I can't have another one right this moment.
The Verdict
Do you live in Pittsburgh or the surrounding area? Have you eaten The Closer yet? Dudes and bettys of Pittsburgh or the surrounding area, you must go to PNC and try this glorious creation. I'm not saying you should get it every time you to go a game, unless you're attending a single Bucs' game per season, but you should absolutely try it and also possibly put it in your rotation and eat it all the time I am so jealous of you jerks.
I'm annoyed, as I type this, that I can't have another one right this moment.
If you don't live nearby, you should schedule your PNC pilgrimage. It's a lovely park with an incredible outfield window -- try not to sit with your back to the Allegheny, or you'll miss it -- and the team is actually watchable these days. If you go and you don't have The Closer, then you've missed out. It's only $14, which seems impossible given how much a hot dog or a box of Cracker Jacks costs at any big-league sporting event, and for people who haven't recently eaten most of a two-foot-long sandwich, one is likely enough. Or, more than enough, if you're like our near-death friend from earlier in this tale.
This might have been something of a gimmick item when it was drawn up, but it's delicious, relatively inexpensive, and while maybe insurmountable for those with daintier diets, worth whatever amount of it you can chow down.
PNC has your standard ballpark fare, it has pierogies, and it has some fancier ballpark food courtesy the more adventurous side of Aramark. You can grab a pierogi or whatever anywhere in the city, though. The grilled cheese that outlived its namesake is only in one place, and who knows for how much longer?
After over a month of voting, Valve today revealed the winners of The Steam Awards, or what amounts to a “greatest-hits” victory lap for some of the digital retail platform's most played games.
The awards were announced during the Autumn Steam sale near the end of November, with categories ranging from The “Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!” Award to The “Best Use Of A Farm Animal” Award. Users were encouraged to nominate the games they thought most deserved to win each category with Valve giving the people who did so special badges. The company also chose to accept a number of write-in categories from players, including “The ‘Boom Boom' Award,” but not some of the more tongue-in-cheek entries, including several variations on “Game Most In Need Of A Sequel.”
Despite all the fun people had nominating games, however, we can now devote our time and energy to picking over the winners:
“Villain Most In Need Of A Hug” Award: Portal 2
Portal 2 The “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award: Euro Truck Simulator 2
Euro Truck Simulator 2 The “Test of Time” Award: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim The “Just 5 More Minutes” Award: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
Counter-Strike: Global Offensive The “Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!” Award: Grand Theft Auto V
Grand Theft Auto V The “Game Within A Game” Award: Grand Theft Auto V
Grand Theft Auto V The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award: The Walking Dead
The Walking Dead The “Best Use Of A Farm Animal” Award: Goat Simulator
Goat Simulator The “Boom Boom” Award: DOOM
DOOM The “Love/Hate Relationship” Award: Dark Souls III
Dark Souls III The “Sit Back and Relax” Award: Euro Truck Simulator 2
Euro Truck Simulator 2 The “Better With Friends” Award: Left 4 Dead 2
Yes, it turns out that that Steam users really like Valve games. Also Grand Theft Auto V. Of course, not all of Valve's games managed to win. Dota 2 lost to Dark Souls III in the “Love/Hate” category, and Team Fortress 2 was passed over in favor of Skyrim for games that have stood the “Test of Time.”
Advertisement
Scanning over the data for some of the most active games on Steam reveals a list not entirely dissimilar from the one above, except with games like Rocket League and Football Manager 2017 conspicuously absent. And of course the Steam Winter sale, one of the big reasons the Steam Awards were no doubt created in the first place, isn't set to conclude until January 2, 2017, with many of the games highlighted in the awards still heavily discounted.
You can check the official page to see a full list of all the runners-up for each category.
About
I'm James Holden, and I'm here to ask for your help.
Four months ago, hours before the first attack on Ganymede, a little girl with a life-threatening genetic illness was abducted from their day care. In the chaos that followed they and fifteen other children who shared their illness were taken to a secret science lab which wasn't on any of the Ganymede tunnel plans. At least one of these young children died there and was left behind, but we believe the rest were taken off-planet when the lab was evacuated.
This little girl's name is Mei, she's been taken away from a father who loves her, and their life is danger. Who is going to save this little girl and the other children like her? The governments of Earth and Mars are busy pointing fingers and guns at each other. The OPA is swamped providing relief to the millions of Belters affected by the loss of Ganymede's food production. The corporations would see no profit in rescuing a little girl, and one of them is likely behind their abduction anyway. But my crew and I have agreed to help Mei's father find her… and with the power of Kickstarter you can too.
Praxidike Meng was a botanist on Ganymede, and after the disaster there, hope of finding their daughter Mei is all they have left. Mei has Myers-Skelton Premature Immunosenescene, a genetic condition which affects their immune system's response to disease. Without their daily medication their body would be unable to fight off the simplest of diseases and they could become deathly ill within days. They were abducted before the Earth and Mars soldiers started shooting each other. They were taken before the solar mirrors crashed. Before the agricultural domes were destroyed. All sixteen children in their Myers-Skelton support group were also taken, as far as we can tell also before the cascade began on Ganymede.
Here's what Dr. Meng has to say about this Kickstarter:
"In the days and weeks that followed Mei's abduction I made the rounds looking for them and for help. I talked to station security, I checked with the parents of Mei's friends, I asked at relief stations, I looked at the hospitals and the depositories of bodies. James Holden is the only one who has truly offered to help Mei – to help me find them And they say that Kickstarter will get us the money we need to continue the search. I wasn't familiar with the concept, but apparently crowdfunding has been around since before the first Mars colonies or the Epstein drive. It's helped people make videogames, comic books, hot sauce, and now hopefully it can help me find my daughter Mei."
Why Kickstarter?
We have security camera footage showing that one of the people who took Mei from their daycare was Dr. Strickland, who had originally diagnosed their genetic illness. So they know Mei needs their medicine. We discovered the hidden science lab she'd been taken too, so we think there was a reason that kids with this particular condition were abducted. That means there's a good chance they've been kept alive. We've got a skilled crew ready to continue the search for Mei beyond Ganymede. We've got a state-of-the-art Martian torpedo bomber with enough firepower to slag a small moon – a versatile fast-attack ship which was, by the way, completely legitimate salvage under relevant law. All that we need now is the funding to keep this ship fueled and operational for the course of this mission. Your contribution goes toward the reactor pellets, air, water, and possibly ammunition to keep the Rocinante flying for however long it takes to bring Mei back to their father, bring their abductors to justice, and bring YOU these exclusive Kickstarter rewards!
Replica Jumpsuit, $75 Reward Level
"I'm from the early 21st century and I have no idea what you're talking about!"
We realize that this Kickstarter and the desperate events that led to its creation are, for some of you, still a few hundred years in the future. But we still appreciate your support! Your donation will simply be placed in an Earth-based savings account, where the miracle of compound interest will make it even more supportive until we can claim it to fund our rescue mission. However, for more background information about James Holden, the Rocinate, Praxidike Meng, and their daughter Mei, we suggest you read your primitive dead-tree books, Leviathan Wakes, Caliban's War, and the upcoming Abaddon's Gate. (Also available in slightly-less-primitive e-book format.)
Yellen and Company will meet today and tomorrow to assess any policy changes. This will be the last meeting before the October meeting during which the cessation of QE is expected. Inflation doesn't appear to be a major threat at the moment so the Fed has some leeway in deciding when it is finally time to raise rates. Moving away from ZIRP should ultimately be a good sign as it indicates a belief in sustained economic improvement, but I doubt the Fed will be hasty. The last thing Yellen wants to be remembered for is tanking the economy by tightening too quickly. Based on prior comments, it seems likely that the Fed will move slowly unless their hand is forced by sharply increasing wage growth or price levels.
Rate hikes, when they do finally begin, will lead to increased volatility in the markets, but remember that historically stocks do fine during the initial phases of rate increases. Back in June I discussed some analysis performed by Oliver Purshe. They found that since 1980, the Fed has raised interest rates 67 times and in 90% of the those cases, the S&P was higher two years later. So Fed tightening does not necessarily mean disaster or an end to this long-winded bull market.
Goldman put out some research that may help us understand what to expect on a shorter-term basis regarding rate increases. They looked at the last three times the Fed began raising rates (1994, 1999, 2004) to see how stocks behaved before and after those rate moves. I consolidated their findings into the table below:
As you can see, in all cases the S&P averaged positive returns except for immediately following the initial rate hikes.
This data passes the common sense test, at least in my opinion. The Fed only increases rates in response to improving economic conditions. Thus, you would expect to see positive gains in the run-up to initial rate hikes because of a strengthening economic backdrop. Then, after an emotional short-term reaction and sell-off, the positive economic inertia built up during the low rate environment carries forward, bringing equity prices with it 6 months and 12 months down the road.
This information may also help to set expectations of market performance between now and the first rate increase. If we go with the assumption held by most economists that the Fed will begin raising rates in early to mid-2015, that leaves us a little over six months away. Based on the historical data above, that suggests we may see something around 7% appreciation between now and then. But as always, past performance is not ... ah heck, you know how the rest of that statement goes.
Related:
Jim Puplava's Big Picture: Be Prepared - Rate Hikes Are Coming
The above content was an excerpt of Richard Russell's Dow Theory Letters. To receive their daily updates and research, click here to subscribe.
H/T VDARE
The Derb makes an excellent point about Charleston shooter Dylann Roof who wanted to incite a “civil war”: in 1859, the abolitionist fanatic and terrorist John Brown succeeded in creating so much polarization and ill will between the North and South that they successfully “divided America.” Brown's terrorist attack on Harper's Ferry in 1859, its reception in the North, and the atmosphere of suspicion and paranoia in the South it created was the single most important factor in breaking the Union.
Also at VDARE, Alexander Hart observes that the media was quick to dismiss Ismaaiyl Brinsley's assassination of two New York City police officers as the actions of a mentally ill fanatic. Mark Potok of the SPLC dismissed the actions of Floyd Corkins and accused their critics of “attack[ing] perfectly legitimate criticism by saying the critics are responsible for any mentally ill or otherwise unhinged person who decides that the matter needs to be settled at the point of a gun.”
Polish-registered vehicle burst into flames on A16 after crashing into back of HGV forced to stop at barricade of tree trunks
A van driver has died near Calais after refugees blockaded a motorway with tree trunks, causing a crash in which the vehicle caught fire.
The vehicle, reportedly registered in Poland, ignited early on Tuesday morning after ploughing into a lorry that had been forced to stop because of the obstruction.
French authorities said it was the first time such a makeshift roadblock had caused the death of a driver since the arrival of large numbers of refugees in the area in 2014.
Refugees start to gather in Calais again, months after camp was closed Read more
The accident happened at about 3.45am on the A16 motorway near Guemps, a farming community five miles south-east of Calais.
“A barrage of tree trunks was set up by migrants on the A16 between junctions 49 and 50,” the local prefecture said in a statement. “This caused the death of the driver of a van registered in Poland. The van hit one of three HGVs blocked by the barrage and caught fire.”
Officials said the identity of the driver was difficult to establish because of the extent of the burns. French police said they arrested nine Eritreans found aboard one of the blockaded lorries. The A16 was closed.
In May, refugees desperate to cross the Channel to the UK began to regroup near France's eastern ports and the Channel tunnel. Last autumn the French authorities cleared thousands of people from the refugee camp near Calais.
By blocking roads leading to the Calais ferry port, refugees aim to slow lorries and other vehicles enough to jump aboard and hide. However, police had believed the problem had been stopped by the closure of the camp.
At least 8,000 migrants, among them around 1,200 minors, from impromptu camps in the coastal region, were redistributed to cities, towns and villages across France last October. Most had made their way to Calais after long land and sea journeys from Afghanistan, Sudan and Eritrea.
Still desperate to reach Britain, many have since returned. Their hopes of doing so have been thwarted by increasingly higher walls, razor wire and security around the port and Channel tunnel.
During their successful presidential campaign in April, Emmanuel Macron said they would renegotiate the Le Touquet agreement that allows British border police to operate in Calais.
“I want to put the Le Touquet border deal back on the table. It must be renegotiated, especially the parts that deal with the fate of isolated child migrants,” Macron told French television. “There is no easy solution to the migrant crisis. If there was one, it would have been found.”
2018 Summer Concert Series in the South Bay
Summertime and live music go hand in hand here in the South Bay, and this year all of the Beach Cities are offering a full music calendar! Redondo Beach, Hermosa Beach, Manhattan Beach and El Segundo each have an independent concert series of their own. Besides the respective city concerts, don't miss the Concert Series at Terranea Resort and The Point as well. Each city offers their 2018 concerts for FREE. You can choose between a Beatles cover band, Hawaiian ukuleles or anything in between. Check back frequently for any updates to the South Bay Event's Summer Music Calendar!
Redondo Beach Pier Concert Series
Redondo Pier Association. Bring your beach chairs down to the Redondo Beach Pier and enjoy free concerts every Thursday and Saturday evening throughout the summer from 6:00-8:00 PM. The Redondo Beach Pier Concert Series features over 20 bands from an array of genres including Blues, Country, Hawaiian, Jazz, Rock, Salsa, and Swing starting July 2nd and ending September 3rd. The Outdoor Summer Concerts are free community events sponsored by the Redondo Beach Pier Association. For more information about what's happening at the Redondo Bech Pier this summer, visit their website.
Thursday, July 5 6:00 – 8:00 PM TennWest (Int'l Boardwalk Stage) Saturday, July 7 6:00 – 8:00 PM Smokin' Smitty and the Masters of Music (Pier Stage)
Thursday, July 12 6:00 – 8:00 PM Beatunes (Pier Stage) Saturday, July 14 6:00 – 8:00 PM Grass Fed (Pier Stage)
Thursday, July 19 6:00 – 8:00 PM The Wild Kings (Int'l Boardwalk Stage) Saturday, July 21 6:00 – 8:00 PM CC Stugino (Pier Stage)
Thursday, July 26 6:00 – 8:00 PM Laurie Morvan Band (Pier Stage) Saturday, July 28 6:00 – 8:00 PM 1969 (Pier Stage)
Thursday, August 2 6:00 – 8:00 PM Franks & Deans (Pier Stage)
Saturday, August 4 6:00 – 8:00 PM L.A. Swing Barons (Pier Stage)
Thursday, August 9 6:00 – 8:00 PM King Chris (Pier Stage)
Saturday, August 11 6:00 – 8:00 PM Danny Dean (Pier Stage)
Thursday, August 16 6:00 – 8:00 PM Identity Theft (Int'l Boardwalk Stage)
Saturday, August 18 6:00 – 8:00 PM Big Mess (Int'l Boardwalk Stage)
Thursday, August 23 6:00 – 8:00 PM In Contempt (Pier Stage) Saturday, August 25 6:00 – 8:00 PM Like Zeppelin (Pier Stage) Thursday, August 30 6:00 – 8:00 PM Strange Days (Pier Stage)
All pier events are weather permitting. Concert schedule is subject to change.
Hermosa Beach Summer Concerts
South Side of the Hermosa Beach pier. Don't miss these free Sunday concerts on the beach, winding down the weekend with chill vibes and a sunset show. Check out their Facebook page.
Sunday, August 5: 5:00 pm – 8:00 pm The English Beat
5:00 pm – 8:00 pm Sunday, August 12: 5:00 – 8:00 pm Sashamon
5:00 – 8:00 pm Sunday, August 19: 5:00 – 8:00 pm Big Head Todd & The Monsters
5:00 – 8:00 pm Sunday, August 26: 5:00 – 8:00 pm Venice
Manhattan Beach Summer Concerts In The Park
The venue is Polliwog Park's ampitheatre (1601 Manhattan Beach Blvd Manhattan Beach, CA 90266) and the free concerts run from the first weekend in July through Labor Day weekend. In the past featured artists like the Doo-Wah Riders and Fantastic Diamond, as well as a host of other talented musicians have performed here. Concerts in the Park begin at 3:45 PM to 4:30 PM (Opening Bands), then continues with the main band from 5:00 PM and ends at 7:00 PM. Seating is first come, first served! These performances are open seating and free to the public.
Opening band listed 1st, main band 2nd
July 1 3:45 – 7:00 PM Salute to the Troops Picnic & Concert
3:45 – 7:00 PM July 8 3:45 – 7:00 PM The Dropoffs (R&B, Alternative); Ricardo Lemvo & Makina Loca (African)
3:45 – 7:00 PM July 15 3:45 – 7:00 PM Jamisen Jarvis (Folk); Petty and the Breakers (Tom Petty Tribute)
3:45 – 7:00 PM July 22 3:45 – 7:00 PM Alinea (Alt-Rock); The Pine Mountain Logs (Classic Covers)
3:45 – 7:00 PM July 29 3:45 – 7:00 PM Fate Unbound (RUHS band); Jungle Fire (Afro/ Latin Funk)
3:45 – 7:00 PM August 5 3:45 – 7:00 PM Good Vibe (Alternative Rock); Aileen Quinn and the Leapin' Lizards (50's and 60's, Rockabilly)
3:45 – 7:00 PM August 12 3:45 – 7:00 PM Kato Rose (Local Singer/ Songwriter); Hard Day's Night ( Beatles Cover)
3:45 – 7:00 PM August 19 3:45 – 7:00 PM Minor Problem (Classic Rock); Doo-Wah Riders (Country)
3:45 – 7:00 PM August 26 3:45 – 7:00 PM Pier Pressure (Pop and Rock); Blue Breeze Band (Motown, R&B, Jazz, Blues)
3:45 – 7:00 PM September 2 3:45 – 7:00 PM Chroma Haze (Rock); DSB (Journey Cover)
El Segundo Summer Concerts In The Park
Located at Library Park on Main Street in El Segundo, the concert series runs on selected Sundays throughout the summer. Local food truck vendors will be serving up some eats during the concerts. No glass containers are permitted and please leave the pets at home! For more information, call 310 524-2700 or visit the website at http://www.elsegundo.org/depts/recreation/. These performances are open seating and free to the public.
Sunday, June 17 4:00 PM Surf's Up, Beach Boys Tribute
4:00 PM Sunday, July 8 4:00 PM Barbara Morrison & Bobby Barron & the Swing Thing
4:00 PM Sunday, July 22 4:00 PM Kelly Rae Band
4:00 PM Sunday, August 5 4:00 PM Midnight Ride
Summer Music Series at The Point
The Point, located at Rosecrans and Sepulveda Blvd. in El Segundo, hosts a concert series every Wednesday throughout the summer. These performances are open seating and free to the public.
Bring your blankets and get ready to groove with us all summer long. Plus, stop by the registration table for a chance to win a $50 Gift Certificate to a participating location at The Point!
Wednesday, July 11 6:30 PM – 8:30 PM Feed the Kitty (Country Vibe)
6:30 PM – 8:30 PM Wednesday, July 18 6:30 PM – 8:30 PM The Radio Rebels (80's Music)
6:30 PM – 8:30 PM Wednesday, July 25 6:30 PM – 8:30 PM Barley (Feel Good Americana)
6:30 PM – 8:30 PM Wednesday, August 1 6:30 PM – 8:30 PM Kevin Sousa Band (Rock, Blues & Pop)
6:30 PM – 8:30 PM Wednesday, August 8 6:30 PM – 8:30 PM Jack Dani 90s Rock Review
6:30 PM – 8:30 PM Wednesday, August 15 6:30 PM – 8:30 PM Detour (Rock & Dance)
6:30 PM – 8:30 PM Wednesday, August 22 6:30 PM – 8:30 PM Rockit (Top 40)
6:30 PM – 8:30 PM Wednesday, August 29 6:30 PM – 8:30 PM Pink Roach (Blues & Soul)
Terranea Summer Concert Series
One of the greatest settings you can ask for in Southern California, the Terranea Summer Concert Series is held at their clifftop restaurant, Nelson's. Watch the sunset over Catalina Island with an unobstructed view over the ocean, while listening to some chill live music. This summer features a great variety, from country to island music to an 80's night. The shows run from 6:00 – 10:00 p.m. every Friday and Saturday night throughout the summer, with additional shows on Memorial Day, 4th of July and Labor Day weekends.
by Matt Slick
Yes, Christianity is the one true religion. That may sound awfully dogmatic and narrow-minded, but the simple truth is that Christianity is the only true religion. Jesus said that They alone are the way to the Father (John 14:6) - that They alone revealed the Father (Matt. 11:27; Luke 10:22). Christians do not go around saying Christianity is the only way because they are arrogant, narrow-minded, stupid, and judgmental. They do so because they believe what Jesus said. They believe in Jesus, who claimed to be God (John 8:58; Exodus 3:14), who forgave sins (Mark 2:5; Luke 5:20; 7:48), and who rose from the dead (Luke 24:24-29; John 2:19f). Jesus said that They were the only way. Jesus is unique. They were either telling the truth, They were crazy, or They were a liar. But since everyone agrees that Jesus was a good man, how then could They be both good and crazy or good and a liar? They had to be telling the truth.  They are the only way.
Christianity is not just a religion; it is a relationship with God. It is a trusting in Jesus and what They did on the cross (1 Cor. 15:1-4) - not on what you can do for yourself (Ephesians 2:8-9).
Buddha didn't rise from the dead nor did Confucius or Zoroaster. Muhammad didn't fulfill detailed prophecy. Alexander the Great didn't raise the dead or heal the sick. And though there is far less reliable information written about them, people believed in them.
The scripture is right when it says in 1 Pet. 2:7-8, "This precious value, then, is for you who believe. But for those who disbelieve, 'The stone which the builders rejected, this became the very corner stone,' and, 'A stone of stumbling and a rock of offense'; for they stumble because they are disobedient to the word, and to this doom they were also appointed." (NASB).
The Mathematical Odds of Jesus Fulfilling Prophecy
"The following probabilities are taken from Peter Stoner in Science Speaks (Moody Press, 1963) to show that coincidence is ruled out by the science of probability. Stoner says that by using the modern science of probability in reference to eight prophecies, ‘we find that the chance that any man might have lived down to the present time and fulfilled all eight prophecies is 1 in 1017." That would be 1 in 100,000,000,000,000,000. In order to help us comprehend this staggering probability, Stoner illustrates it by supposing that "we take 1017 silver dollars and lay them on the face of Texas. They will cover all of the state two feet deep. Now mark one of these silver dollars and stir the whole mass thoroughly, all over the state. Blindfold a man and tell them that they can travel as far as they wish, but they must pick up one silver dollar and say that this is the right one. What chance would they have of getting the right one? Just the same chance that the prophets would have had of writing these eight prophecies and having them all come true in any one man."
Stoner considers 48 prophecies and says, "We find the chance that any one man fulfilled all 48 prophecies to be 1 in 10157, or 1 in 10,00,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000, 000,000,000,000,000, 000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000, 000, 000,000,000,000,000,000,000, 000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 000,000,000."
The estimated number of electrons in the universe is around 1079. It should be quite evident that Jesus did not fulfill the prophecies by accident. They were who They said They are: the only way (John 14:6).
With less than a week to go until the New South Wales state election, there are still major concerns about what the election holds for the state's wildlife and ecosystems.
NSW has nearly 300 threatened animal species – including koalas, pygmy-possums, and a number of lesser known species such as Corroborree Frogs and Regent Honeyeaters – and more than 600 species of threatened plants.
Both major parties have made promises to save threatened species through more funding, and the creation of new national parks. And Labor has released a policy document promising to “review and replace the Liberal government's watered down biodiversity offsetting rules”. However, the government has said little on one policy reform that could pose a serious threat to NSW's wildlife.
In December 2014, the Independent Biodiversity Legislation Review Panel released their final report on biodiversity legislation in NSW. Recommendations include cutting regulation and increasing the use of offsets that make it easier to clear native vegetation.
The trouble is, we don't yet know what the government thinks of the review's recommendations, and what they would do if re-elected.
While there are many good proposals in the review, there are also many that are controversial, and the government should put its cards on the table before the election.
A step to the right
Some of the positive and relatively uncontroversial recommendations of the review include additional public investment in conservation, establishing a state-wide conservation prioritisation mechanism, improving the public's knowledge of wildlife conservation, and improving plant community type classification.
However, the recommendations take a significant jump to the right of the political spectrum and many can be deemed quite controversial.
Taken as a whole, the review panel suggests reducing regulation governing land clearance, moving the approval process for land clearance on farms from the state to the local government level, and committing more broadly and deeply to market-based solutions for conservation issues.
More specifically, the review recommends repealing the Native Vegetation Act 2003 and removing the “improve and maintain” standard for clearing native vegetation. Under the Act, clearing native vegetation can only be approved if it improves or maintains environmental outcomes at the site level.
The review panel suggests that this leads to little flexibility for farmers who often complain that the act is getting in the way of their business.
The suggested approach is to broaden the use of biodiversity offsets and apply offsets at the regional level. That is, a site could be cleared (or “degraded”) if this degradation is offset by improvements elsewhere in the region.
The problem with offsets
Offsets are themselves very controversial in conservation and derive from a particular economic and ideological paradigm that favours market-based solutions.
A biodiversity offset scheme, such as the NSW BioBanking scheme, creates a price for the use of wildlife, plants and ecosystems.
Developers, after first trying to avoid and then minimise impacts on wildlife, can offset the remaining impacts by purchasing credits on an open market. These credits have been created when someone else has preserved wildlife.
Theoretically, offset schemes make sense. However, the theory makes a number of economic assumptions that don't exist in the real world, including perfect information, zero transaction costs, an absence of market and political power, and regulators who are at arms-length.
And for the scheme to make environmental sense, the site being cleared and the offset site need to be identical, which is impossible. That's why the Native Vegetation Act includes the condition that vegetation can only be cleared if it improves or maintains the standard of a site, rather than offsetting the damage elsewhere.
Who makes the decisions?
With the act repealed, decisions regarding land clearance would come under the jurisdiction of two local bodies.
First, local councils would be responsible for approving land clearance on previously uncleared land.
Second, “local land services” – local regulatory bodies made up of farmers and planning bureaucrats – would approve the existing management of native vegetation.
With many local councillors in regional areas being farmers themselves, both of these suggestions create a major conflict of interest.
Pushing the ideology of the market
Thus, the report, while undoubtedly consisting of many positive proposals, pushes a particular ideological line. This is the line that believes that market-based solutions can be applied to everything and that regulation of the more direct kind is simply stifling to business and therefore bad.
When applied to biodiversity conservation, this ideology increases risks. If the assumptions underlying the theory are not correct, wildlife, plants and ecosystems will suffer.
As an electorate, we deserve to know whether the government approves of the recommendations in the report. Only then can we make informed choices about our preferred government.
The government has said it would provide an official response before the March election. With only a few days left before the March 28 poll, time is running out.
Read more of The Conversation's coverage of the 2015 NSW election.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 26/10/2011 (2680 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
The parent of a junior hockey hazing victim said their son was forced to walk around the team locker room with a set of water bottles tied to their scrotum, the Free Press has learned.
“They made them walk around the dressing room three times,” the mother of the former member of the Neepawa Natives Manitoba Junior Hockey League team said. “And the other players did their thing. They threw towels on the bottles for extra weight.”
The mother was reluctant to divulge further details of the hazing incident, saying “There are lots of different types of hazing. They're all really bad.”
The confirmation follows on the heels of a league investigation that on Tuesday resulted in the levelling against the team of a $5,000 fine, along with the suspension of 16 players, the head coach and assistant coach. The Neepawa RCMP are also investigating the incident, which occurred in late September.
But don't lose sight of the reason why JavaScript development is so complicated: web development itself is inherently complicated.
Which is a parody of another article about how complicated DevOps has gotten:
If this evolutionary process frustrates you, blow off some steam by reading this parody of how complicated JavaScript development has become:
As a result, JavaScript tools — and there are a lot of them — are rapidly evolving.
The web is a complicated place. We are finally getting around to doing all the things we should have been doing all along.
Yes, it will continue to get more complicated.
We are trying to build applications that run right in a dozen browsers, look good on thousands of different devices, load fast enough for impatient commuters in the subway, and are still accessible enough that blind people can use them.
At the same time, web developers are closing security vulnerabilities all over the place.
We're lobbying management to abandon bad practices (the average web page is now as many megabytes as the 1993 game DOOM).
We're adapting to browser-based ad block software that blocks a heck of a lot more than just ads.
There are many viable ways to accomplish all of these goals. And a large ecosystem of tools has cropped up — each attacking different problems from different angles.
As the creator of the Extreme Programming methodology said back in 1983:
“Make it work, make it right, make it fast.” — Kent Beck
Well, for the past 20 years, we focused on making the web work. With duct tape and popsicle sticks when we had to.
JavaScript Developers are finally getting the caliber of tools that other ecosystems have had for a long time. And then some. We should be happy about this.
Screenshot from the excellent 2016 State Of JS survey
The Cambrian explosion of tools you see around you is what rapid progress looks like when it's not controlled by an Apple or a Microsoft.
Everyone's scrambling to make it right, and to make it fast, all at once.
This web comic perfectly illustrates the struggle between those of us who have “JavaScript Fatigue” and those of us who have, as Dr. Axel Rauschmayer put it earlier this year, “JavaScript Fatigue Fatigue.”
We're doing our best to provide constructive advice for deciding among the wide variety of tools. We're steering new developers away from unproven tools. We're reminding them that being a developer is hard, and that learning new tools is a big part of the job.
If you're new to JavaScript, remember that all of these new tools are very much a good thing. The open source npm ecosystem is very much a good thing.
They will make you a happier, more powerful developer.
They will help you better serve your end users.
And if you're one of the many devs going through JavaScript Fatigue yourself, and are worried that you might burn out, well:
“If you're going through hell, keep going.” — Winston Churchill
I only write about programming and technology. If you follow me on Twitter I won't waste your time. 👍
If you purchased a brand new Surface Book on October 26th, head over to the Settings app in Windows 10 and check for updates. Microsoft has rolled out a firmware update (dated October 23rd), which not only adds Windows Hello support, but also display and storage performance improvements.
Here's the official change log on the matter:
Surface Camera drivers set (v30.10154.6640.152) enables the Windows Hello feature. Control Logic driver (v30.10154.6640.152) CSI2 Host Controller driver (v30.10154.6640.152) Imaging Signal Processor 2500 driver (v30.10154.6640.152) Microsoft Camera Front driver (v30.10154.6640.152) Microsoft Camera Rear driver (v30.10154.6640.152) Microsoft IR Camera Front driver (v30.10154.6640.152) Surface Camera Windows Hello driver (v1.0.24.0) AVStream Camera 2500 driver (v30.10154.6640.152)
Surface Display Calibration driver (v1.1.371.0) improves the overall display stability.
Surface Integration driver (v1.1.263.0) improves storage performance.
Surface Storage Firmware Update driver (v1.447.0) improves storage performance.
These updates are delivered in stages, so not all Surface Book owners will be receiving this update right away. Microsoft plans to roll out this firmware update to all Surface Book owners. Head over to Windows Update to snag these improvements. Let us know in the comments below if you notice any performance issues as a result of this update.
Share This
Further reading: Microsoft
RIO DE JANEIRO -- Team USA 5,000-meter runner Abbey D'Agostino (Topsfield, Massachusetts) has suffered season-ending knee injuries and will not compete in Friday's Olympic final.
D'Agostino made headlines Tuesday when, after falling in a chain-reaction with New Zealand runner Nikki Hamblin during their 5,000m qualifying round, they stopped to encourage Hamblin to get up and return to the race. After doing so, D'Agostino's right knee gave out. Both women finished the race and were advanced to the final by track officials, although D'Agostino was clearly in pain.
D'Agostino was treated by Team USA medical. An MRI administered Tuesday revealed a complete tear of their right ACL, a meniscus tear, and a strained MCL.
“There was about 2k to go, I was still feeling controlled, and was mentally preparing to focus and maintain contact with the lead group for the final grind,” D'Agostino said Wednesday morning in a statement. “Then in a split second, there was a woman on the ground in front of me, I tripped on her, someone behind me tripped on me, and I was on the ground. Although my actions were instinctual at that moment, the only way I can and have rationalized it is that God prepared my heart to respond that way. This whole time here he's made clear to me that my experience in Rio was going to be about more than my race performance -- and as soon as Nikki got up I knew that was it. “
“By far the best part of my experience of the Olympics has been the community it creates, what the Games symbolize. Since the night of the opening ceremonies, I have been so touched by this -- people from all corners of globe, embracing their unique cultures, yet all uniting under one celebration of the human body, mind, and spirit. I just keep thinking about how that spirit of unity and peace is stronger than all the global strife we're bombarded with and saddened by on a daily basis."
Shelby Houlihan (Sioux City, Iowa) will represent Team USA after taking fourth in their qualifying race on Tuesday.
For complete reports on USATF at the 2016 Olympic Games, visit www.usatf.org.
WelCUM to my Nyt3Mar3 Nyt3Mar3 cut me up swallow me whole Greetings from a fucktard... Welcome. Your now in my chaotic world...teehee. I am 14 years old and from SA, Texas. I have no life..as most people know..that is why I'm always online. You can read some of my poetry on here that I will start posting soon. If you dont like it, kiss my ass!....not literally...but it would be nice haha. And if you dont like my hard worked on (righttttttt) site....you can get the fuck out...or else....I wont do shit about it. Well TA TA for now.....enjoy this miserable piece of shit. ByE. ~dEAd Daisy~ crueL th0ughtS 0F beauTy crueL th0ughtS 0F beauTy ~bip0Lar biTch~ View My Guestbook Sign My Guestbook
dEAd DaiSy mURDer iS tHe vICtiM oF tHe swaLL0wed tEEr HMMMMM. well FIRST OF ALL...I WANT YOU PEOPLE TO START SIGHING MY GODDAMNETH GUESTBOOK!!!! THATS WHAT I GOT IT FOR YEW WHORES! OKIES! Anyways...I LOVE MY DOUGIE ... DOugie. He's the sweetie and cutiest person I have ever met..and i l0ve them to death. I've known them for quite a long time now..and they just gets sweeter and sweeter teehee. JUST SO YOU KNOW...MY CAT MRSIR ISNT DEAD....AND They Are MY FRIEND..AND I LIKER HIM ALOT...HES A LITTLE POO...SO SHUT THE FUCK UP !!!!!!!!!!!!! ive got a loveli buncha coconuts dili dum..here they are standing in a row...big ones small ones..some as big as ur headd!!! i liker that song alotz..its special..like MUAH! sooooooooooooooooo I DUNNO I THINK THIS IS WHAT YOU CALL AN UPDATE. TA TA FOR NOW SCUMBAGS! teehe... CUNTR ESS DEAD DAISY I am special because my mummi told me so!!! http://www.livejournal.com/users/deadestdaisy/ Look at my Live Journal yew whores...and leave something..if you dont then go die in a hole!!! DOUGIE AND DAISY Together Forever swaLL0wed iN biLe
At least one person is dead following an apparent gunfight with police.
Officers were attempting to arrest a suspect on outstanding warrants Saturday night, when they rammed a police vehicle while attempting to flee the scene, police said.
“A confrontation then occurred between the male suspect and officers, and the officers subsequently discharged their service weapons,” a police press release reads.
The 29-year-old was pronounced dead at the scene, where police also recovered a handgun.
A body lay beneath a white tarp in the parking lot of McDonald's and a massive police presence swarmed the Westmount Shopping Centre on Saturday evening.
A silver Mercedes was boxed in by unmarked police units.
Witnesses said they heard loud bangs.
Jacob Rothenburger was having a coffee in their car, checking their phone to hear from a friend when they heard three massive bangs that “reverberated.”
When they looked up, they saw unmarked police vehicles boxing in a Mercedes, which was attempting to back up.
The next thing they heard was about 15 gunshots.
“Pop, pop, pop,” they said, describing the noise.
Police told them to move their car.
“I was just shaking,” they said.
Workers at the Tim Hortons nearby said they thought there were fireworks and saw police.
Police watchdog the Alberta Serious Incident Response Team said it is investigating a “use of force Incident” but did not elaborate.
This article is about the style of comedy. For other uses, see Slapstick (disambiguation)
A slap stick
Slapstick is a style of humor involving exaggerated physical activity which exceeds the boundaries of normal physical comedy.[1][2][3] The term arises from a device developed during the broad, physical comedy style known as Commedia dell'arte in 16th Century Italy. The "slap stick" consists of two thin slats of wood, which make a 'slap' when striking another actor, with little force needed to make a loud—and comical—sound. The physical slap stick remains a key component of the plot in the traditional and popular Punch and Judy puppet show.
Origins [ edit ]
The name "slapstick" originates from the Italian batacchio or bataccio — called the "slap stick" in English — a club-like object composed of two wooden slats used in commedia dell'arte. When struck, the batacchio produces a loud smacking noise, though little force transfers from the object to the person being struck. Actors may thus hit one another repeatedly with great audible effect while causing no damage and only very minor, if any, pain. Along with the inflatable bladder (of which the whoopee cushion is a modern variant), it was among the earliest special effects.
Early uses [ edit ]
Punch and Judy showing Punch with their slapstick (1910) Advertisement forshowing Punch with their slapstick (1910)
Slapstick comedy's history is measured in centuries. Shakespeare incorporated many chase scenes and beatings into their comedies, such as in their play The Comedy of Errors. In early 19th century England, pantomime acquired its present form which includes slapstick comedy, while comedy routines also featured heavily in British music hall theatre which became popular in the 1850s.[4][5]
In Punch and Judy shows, which first appeared in England on 9 May 1662, a large slapstick is wielded by Punch against the other characters.[6]
Fred Karno [ edit ]
British comedians who honed their skills at pantomime and music hall sketches include Charlie Chaplin, Stan Laurel, George Formby and Dan Leno.[7][8] The influential English music hall comedian and theatre impresario Fred Karno developed a form of sketch comedy without dialogue in the 1890s, and Chaplin and Laurel were among the young comedians who worked for them as part of "Fred Karno's Army".[7] Chaplin's fifteen year music hall career inspired the comedy in all their later film work, especially as pantomimicry.[9] In their biography Laurel stated, "Fred Karno didn't teach Charlie [Chaplin] and me all we know about comedy. They just taught us most of it".[10] American film producer Hal Roach described Fred Karno as "not only a genius, they are the man who originated slapstick comedy. We in Hollywood owe much to him."[11]
In film and television [ edit ]
Their New Job. Chaplin started their film career as a physical comedian, and their later work continued to contain elements of slapstick. A slapstick scene from the 1915 Charlie Chaplin film. Chaplin started their film career as a physical comedian, and their later work continued to contain elements of slapstick.
Building on its later popularity in the 19th and early 20th-century ethnic routines of the American vaudeville house, the style was explored extensively during the "golden era" of black and white, silent movies directed by figures Mack Sennett and Hal Roach and featuring such notables as Charlie Chaplin, Mabel Normand, Laurel and Hardy, the Marx Brothers, the Keystone Cops, The Three Stooges, and Chespirito. Silent slapstick comedy was also popular in early French films and included films by Max Linder, Charles Prince, and Sarah Duhamel.[12]
Slapstick also became a common element in animated features starting in the 1930; examples include Disney's Goofy shorts, Walter Lantz's Woody Woodpecker, MGM's Tom and Jerry, the unrelated Tom and Jerry cartoons of Van Beuren Studios, Warner Bros. Looney Tunes/Merrie Melodies, MGM's Barney Bear, and Tex Avery's Screwy Squirrel. In some cases, such as MGM's Tom and Jerry, the slapstick elements mostly came from violence by the characters, while in others it was mostly due to mishaps.
Contemporary presence [ edit ]
Slapstick continues to maintain a presence in modern comedy that draws upon its lineage, running in film from Buster Keaton and Louis de Funès to Jerry Lewis and Mel Brooks to the television series Jackass and comedy movies by the Farrelly Brothers, and in live performance from Weber and Fields to Jackie Gleason to Rowan Atkinson. In England, slapstick was a main element of the Monty Python comedy troupe and in television series such as Fawlty Towers and The Benny Hill Show. Slapstick has remained a popular art form to the present day.
See also [ edit ]
TOOELE — High winds knocked over several semitrucks in Tooele on I-80, causing at least one fatality and at least 25 injuries, according to the Utah Highway Patrol.
Westbound I-80 reopened around 7:00 p.m., according to UDOT traffic. Eastbound lanes from mile post 0 to 99 were closed, but reopened about 4:45 p.m., according to police.
The crash causing the reported fatality took place as a cascading effect, according to police. A semitruck ahead of several passenger vehicles attempted to slow down after seeing inclement conditions. Due to low visibility, several of the vehicles behind the semitruck then collided with it.
At this point, a second semitruck also collided behind these passenger vehicles, police say. In total, at least six semitrucks and at least 11 passenger vehicles were involved in this larger crash. Police say several other minor crashes have taken place, but no major injuries have been reported.
Jessica Ngo, who was driving one of the cars involved in the crash, said they and their passengers "couldn't even see" what was in front of them. Crashed vehicles, with which they then collided, were the first objects they were able to make out.
"It just happened so fast that we couldn't even stop the car," Ngo said.
The fatality victim is male and was in a passenger vehicle at the time of the crash, but has not been further identified.
According to officials, available ambulances to assist with the incident ran low, and more immediate patients needed to be prioritized. Conditions made helicopter transportation virtually impossible. Mountain West Medical Center, one of the hospitals receiving patients from the incident, has initiated emergency protocols due to the volume of patients and the resources available to treat them.
"In any disaster, at some point you're going to stretch the limits of your availability to respond," said Phil Eaten, CEO of Mountain West Medical Center.
Pileup on I 80 westbound west of Delle #KSL live pic.twitter.com/xPjNIuxkxn— Marc Giauque (@kslmgiauque) April 14, 2015
25 injured one killed 16 sent to the hospital after pile up in Tooele county #KSL live pic.twitter.com/ozBqLpa9P6— Marc Giauque (@kslmgiauque) April 14, 2015
The National Weather Service issued a high wind warning for western and central Utah on Tuesday morning. Gusts on I-15 at the Point of the Mountain and across the state are over 60 mph and drivers are urged to use caution, UDOT tweeted. An 82 mph windgust was reported just east of Dugway.
The Intermountain Allergy Center told KSL that there will be extra pollen blown into the air. They advise residents to keep their windows and doors shut to keep pollen and debris from getting inside homes.
More information will be posted as it becomes available.
Contributing: Kaitlin Loukides, Nicole Vowell
×
Photos
Sculpture by Thomas Keeley for TIME
Rarely in the history of Japan Inc. has there been a more remarkable board meeting. On Nov. 25, the directors of Olympus Corp. gathered at their Tokyo headquarters, their company under siege. Once a solid international brand, a maker of cameras and medical equipment, the company is now at the center of a global investigation as to whether, and to what extent, its top management was involved in funneling billions of dollars in allegedly illicit payments to offshore accounts. Investigators believe those payments, made for over a decade, may have mostly ended up in the hands of organized criminal groups in Japan. The company denies any yakuza connection, but if one is proved, Olympus will be delisted and almost certainly cease to exist in its current form.
At the center of the meeting was Michael C. Woodford, 51, the company's former president and CEO turned whistle-blower. Woodford brought their suspicions about the payments to the man who had been their mentor at Olympus, chairperson Tsuyoshi Kikukawa. They were brushed off and then fired on Oct. 14 after asking for Kikukawa's resignation. Woodford fled Japan that same day for their native Britain. Although they didn't name specific threats, they say they did so out of fear for their safety. They then went public with their suspicions, and amid the worsening scandal, Kikukawa stepped down on Oct. 26. (See the top 10 CEO scandals.)
When Woodford returned to Tokyo for the board meeting (though fired, they were still on the board because of a quirk in Japan's corporate-governance rules), all hell had broken loose. They were mobbed by cameramen and reporters as they arrived at Narita airport and was protected by several police officers as they made their way into town. "I find myself in a John Grisham novel," Woodford later said. But the Olympus scandal is not fiction; it may, in fact, turn into the biggest corporate scandal in Japanese history.
If suspicions about yakuza involvement are proved accurate, it will not be the first time Japan Inc. has been linked to organized crime. Throughout the 1990s, the Japanese government ramped up its efforts to crack down on standard criminal activity like prostitution and gambling. In response, the yakuza went white collar. It started with small stuff like shareholder intimidation. Then, in 1997, six executives, including the chairperson of what was then Japan's largest bank, Dai-Ichi Kangyo, were convicted of making payments to a gangster who later admitted they were an extortionist and was also convicted. (See photos of stagnant Japanese economy.)
The yakuza continued to cast a sinister pall in ensuing years  even over foreign-owned firms. In early 2008, Lehman Brothers' Tokyo office was defrauded of $355 million it loaned to a biotech company for what it thought was medical-equipment financing. The money was simply stolen in what investigators believed was a yakuza scam (though the suspicion was not proved). By then, according to American journalist Jake Adelstein, who for years has written about the yakuza, Japan's Securities and Exchange Surveillance Commission (SESC) suspected hundreds of companies of having been infiltrated by yakuza.
Is it just possible that Dr. Robert C. Atkins was right? That their high-fat, low-carb plan, ridiculed for 30 years as dangerous nonsense, actually is a good, safe way to lose weight?
The dietary elite are not ready to change their collective mind, but a half-dozen or so new studies have taken an objective look at the presumed evils of Atkins, and the results have been little short of astonishing:
During a few months on the Atkins diet, people lose about twice as much as on the standard low-fat, high-carbohydrate approach recommended by most health organizations.
They do so without seeming to drive up their risk of heart disease. Rather than going kaflooey, their cholesterol, triglycerides, blood pressure and ominous bloodstream inflammation generally improve, perhaps even more than on the standard diet.
They appear to lose more weight even while actually consuming more calories than people on a so-called healthy diet.
All of the experiments were short and small. None by itself would make a big stir. But taken together, they undermine much of what mainstream medicine has long assumed about the Atkins diet.
"Some scientists are dismayed by the data and a little incredulous about it," says Gary Foster, who runs the weight-loss program at the University of Pennsylvania. "But the consistency of the results across studies is compelling in a way that makes us think we should investigate this further."
Until now, the opinion of the medical world on this subject has been essentially unanimous: Any diet that emphasizes meat, eggs and cheese and discourages bread, rice and fruit is nutritional folly.
The American Medical Association set that tone a year after the book, "Dr. Atkins' Diet Revolution," came out in 1972. Its sarcastically worded critique dismissed the diet as "potentially dangerous." It called its scientific underpinning "naive" and "biochemically incorrect." And it scolded book publishers for promoting "bizarre concepts of nutrition and dieting."
On the Atkins diet, up to two-thirds of calories may come from fat — more than double the usual recommendation — and that violates everything medical professionals believe about healthy eating. Carbohydrates are the foundation of a good diet, most say. Eating calorie-dense fat is what makes people fat, and eating saturated fat is what kills them.
Despite this, Atkins' books have sold 15 million copies, uncounted millions have tried the diet, and practically everybody has heard of someone who dropped a ton of weight on the Atkins plan.
Finally, several research teams around the country have put Atkins to the test, driven largely by weariness at having nothing solid to tell patients and, in some cases, a desire to prove Atkins wrong. One study was even sponsored by the American Heart Association, long an Atkins skeptic.
None has been published yet, but summaries have been given at medical conferences. "They all show pretty convincingly that people will lose more weight on an Atkins diet, and their cardiovascular risk factors, if anything, get better," says Dr. Kevin O'Brien, a University of Washington cardiologist involved with one of the studies.
This is not the end of the story. The studies say nothing about how much people lose when they stay on Atkins more than a few months, whether they keep the weight off for good and whether their cholesterol rebounds when they stop losing weight.
Nevertheless, three decades of dietary gospel are in doubt, and those questioning it include some of the most prominent names in obesity research. For instance, one of the new studies was conducted by Foster with Drs. Samuel Klein and James Hill, the current and past presidents of the North American Association for the Study of Obesity, the premier professional group.
"I'm part of the obesity establishment," says Foster, who has published more than 50 scientific papers on the subject. "I've spent my life researching ways to treat obesity, and 100 percent of them have been low-fat and high-carb. Now I'm beginning to think, it isn't as it has appeared."
Their Atkins study was intended to "show it doesn't work," yet after three months, the overweight men and women had lost an average of 19 pounds, 10 more than people on the standard high-carb approach.
The big surprise was cholesterol. The Atkins dieters' overall profile changed for the better. Although their bad cholesterol went up seven points, their good cholesterol rose almost 12. (Changes in the high-carb dieters were less dramatic. Their bad cholesterol went down slightly while their good cholesterol remained unchanged.)
The largest difference was in triglycerides. The Atkins dieters' dropped 22 points. The low-carb dieters' didn't budge.
"It was unexpected, to put it mildly," Foster said. "It made us think maybe there is something to this."
Despite these data, the Atkins diet still gives many health professionals the willies. It encourages people to eat bacon, butter, prime rib and lots of other things loaded with saturated fat. And it lectures against such mainstay carbohydrates as grains, pasta and starchy vegetables, especially in the diet's first cold-turkey stage; plenty of other healthy things, including many low-carb green vegetables and olive oil are allowed.
"There are many principles in the Atkins diet that go against what we know," says Dr. Robert Eckel of the University of Colorado, senior author of the heart association's policy on high-protein diets. "It keeps people away from staples of the diet that we know are associated with less heart disease."
Volumes of research suggest that people have the best chance of avoiding heart disease, high blood pressure and cancer if they eat a varied diet with plenty of fruits, vegetables and grains.
"It's scary if people leave out these very important food groups and just depend on high-fat, high-protein foods," says Wahida Karmally, nutrition director at Columbia University's clinical research center.
Furthermore, people on the Atkins plan may get a quarter of their daily calories from saturated fat, more than double the heart association's recommendation. Animal experiments and studies of large groups of people long ago convinced many experts that too much saturated fat clogs the arteries and leads to heart attacks.
Mainstream scientists wave off the Atkins camp's answer to this that saturated fat is bad only if eaten with large amounts of carbohydrates. Otherwise, it's harmlessly burned off.
"When carbs are the primary fuel source, there are certain risks in excessive fat consumption," says Colette Heimowitz, the Atkins organization's research director. "But in a controlled-carb setting, when fat is the primary fuel source, the rules change. Those risk factors do not show up."
So how do the traditionalists explain the cholesterol improvement seen in the Atkins dieters? Weight loss. Slimming down reliably improves cholesterol levels, and they say its benefits probably overshadowed any damage done by all the unhealthy fat that people ate.
Why people lose more weight on the diet is also not clear, although some researchers say they buy one of Atkins' arguments: People stick with it because they are not constantly hungry. Fat and protein satisfy the appetite, the theory goes. But eating lots of carbohydrates raises insulin levels, lowers blood sugar, and eventually makes people ravenous.
But another of Atkins' ideas on the subject is far more contentious. They argue that people lose more weight on their plan even if they actually eat more calories. That's a violation of the laws of thermodynamics, skeptics say.
"A calorie is a calorie as far as weight reduction is concerned," says Dr. Michael Davidson, director of preventive cardiology at the Rush Heart Institute in Chicago.
Or is it? Some of the new studies suggest otherwise.
Dr. Stephen Sondike of Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York City put overweight teenagers on comparison diets for two months. The ones on Atkins lost twice as much as those on the low-fat diet. Yet they appeared to eat about 700 more calories a day than the others.
Less dramatic but still startling results came from another study at the University of Cincinnati. Women on Atkins lost twice as much while eating the same number of calories as the lowfat dieters.
"Surprised? Definitely," says Bonnie Brehm, a registered dietitian. "We really don't know what the answer is."
And the Atkins weight loss was not simply dehydration, as Atkins critics often contend, since the Cincinnati dieters also lost twice as much body fat.
But even if the diet is reasonable for a few months of slimming down, what happens when people level off during the maintenance phase of the program? Does their cholesterol soar if they eat all that fat without losing weight?
None of the research so far answers that. However, Atkins-sponsored studies by Jeff Volek, an exercise and nutrition specialist at the University of Connecticut, offers some hints.
They put fit men on an Atkins regimen for six weeks with orders not to lose weight, and nothing bad seemed to happen. Their good and bad cholesterol went up proportionately, and their triglycerides fell. "I'd like to see more data," Volek said, "but ours provides evidence it doesn't have a negative effect on your heart."
But for now, even many of the researchers who did these studies are reluctant to recommend the Atkins diet. They know too little about its long-term effects. A large new study just under way could settle these doubts.
This federally sponsored project will randomly put 360 overweight men and women on the Atkins plan or the U.S. Department of Agriculture's standard high-carb, low-fat diet, then watch them in painstaking detail for at least two years.
The study will try to answer three questions about Atkins, says Hill, who directs the University of Colorado's Center for Human Nutrition. "Does it produce weight loss? Is it a safe weight loss? And is it any better in the long run than anything else that has come along?"
Scientists will analyze the volunteers' blood and cholesterol in every way they can think of, as well as check their bone density, kidney function, body composition, exercise tolerance and more.
Despite the professions' unease at the findings so far, some of the researchers involved expect that if the Atkins approach proves safe and effective in larger, longer studies, those opinions will eventually change.
"It's difficult to swallow," says O'Brien, "but the data are the data, even if they go against 30 years of dogma."
On August 28th, the day that an Israeli Judge absolved the military of any responsibility in the 2003 killing of peace activist Rachel Corrie as they stood to protect a Palestinian home from demolition, the majority of the small Palestinian village of Khirbet Zanuta was demolished. In the South Hebron Hills, the Israeli military destroyed homes, animal shelters and water wells. Villagers tried unsuccessfully to stop the demolition by sitting on the excavator's shovel. Eight villages in the region are currently at risk of evacuation because the Israeli military intends to use the area for military exercises.
Solidarity action in Al Mufaqarah village, South Hebron Hills, West Bank August 28, 2012
(Photo: Operazione Colomba)
The verdict in the Corrie civil case, that was handed down as the bulldozers tore through Khirbet Zanuta, confirmed that the Israeli legal system supports the military's ability to act with impunity in the Occupied Palestinian Territories. This verdict, which has been condemned by Amnesty International and the Carter Center, proves the necessity of international civil society to take action in the hope that justice will one day be served. On August 10th the Rachel Corrie Foundation put out the following Call to Action. It reads in part:
“The Israeli policy of home demolitions, sometimes extending to entire villages, remains as urgent an issue now as it did when Rachel defended homes in Rafah, Gaza… We call on you individually and as organizations to mark the week of the trial verdict with actions to end the housing demolitions that deny Palestinians the basic human right of being secure in their homes.”
Human rights advocates worldwide have responded to the call and are taking such action across the globe.
Solidarity action in front of TIAA-CREF Chicago Office August 30, 2012
(Photo: Chicago Divests)
“The same bulldozer that crushed Rachel is still demolishing our homes,” said one of the representatives of the Popular Resistance Committee of the South Hebron Hills, while protesting in Mufaqarah, just hours after the destruction of the nearby village of Khribet Zanuta. “What we ask today is dignity and justice for Rachel and for our communities.” Demonstrations also occurred in Nablus and Kufr Qaddoum in the West Bank, at the location of Rachel's killing in Rafah, Gaza, and outside the courthouse in Haifa, Israel.
Activists in the US, Italy, Germany, Palestine/Israel took action to demand corporate accountability. Letters were delivered and demonstrations held outside of TIAA-CREF offices in Houston, Honolulu, Boca Raton, St. Louis, Philadelphia, Palo Alto, Chicago, Washington DC and Phoenix as part of the Divest campaign, a national coalition demanding pension fund giant TIAA-CREF divest from companies that profit from Israel's occupation of Palestinian lands. In a major victory this summer, TIAA-CREF dropped Caterpillar from their social choice funds. However, they still have over $1 billion invested in Caterpillar in their general fund. In response to the Corrie verdict, We Divest has vowed to intensify the campaign for TIAA-CREF to divest completely from Caterpillar.
Actions were also held outside of Caterpillar dealerships, the Israeli Consulate in Los Angeles and other related locations in Eureka, San Francisco, Hilton Head South Carolina and Oak Creek Wisconsin. A demonstration outside the State Department, organized by CODEPINK, is occurring today. The Occupy Movement, Students for Justice in Palestine, Women In Black, Jewish Voice for Peace and a growing number of community-based organizations heeding the 2005 Palestinian call for Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions have mobilized in response to the verdict.
Solidarity action in front of TIAA-CREF Philadelphia Office 8/27/12
(Photo: JVP - Philadelphia)
As activists took to the streets, social media actions intensified. On the eve of the verdict a video featuring women from Gaza spread worldwide with a broad call to support BDS and divestment from Caterpillar. “Rachel gave their lives for justice, the least you can do is take action against companies supporting injustice.”
In the United States, #RachelCorrie was among the ten most used hashtags on Twitter the day of the verdict. The following day, between #BestMovieQuotes and #votebieber, #divest4justice trended in the top ten topics worldwide. A Tumblr blog was created and solidarity images uploaded from individuals and actions worldwide. Palestine solidarity activists were able to participate from home, in a growing democratized form of social action.
“I don't think that Rachel should have moved. I think we should all have been standing there with her,” said Cindy Corrie in response to Judge Gershon's comment that Rachel should have moved out of the way of the Caterpillar bulldozer. Rachel wrote from Gaza, “The international media and our government are not going to tell us that we are effective, important, justified in our work, courageous, intelligent, valuable. We have to do that for each other, and one way we can do that is by continuing our work, visibly.” May we continue to take Rachel's words to heart, find ways to successfully mobilize ourselves, strengthen our networks, utilize new forms of communicating to affirm the just cause of the Palestinian people and stand with the movement for universal human rights in Palestine and Israel.
A former undercover CIA officer turned member of congress says the FBI — by trying to force Apple to defeat its own security protocols — is barking up the wrong tree.
The FBI has demanded that Apple help it unlock a phone used by San Bernardino killer Syed Rizwan Farook, but Apple is refusing for the sake of its customers' cybersecurity and privacy.
Rep. Will Hurd, R-Texas, said Tuesday that the FBI request might be too intrusive. They said there's a way to “protect our civil liberties, defend our digital information, and chase bad guys all at the same time.”
Their conclusion: “There are a lot of problems I think we can solve with big data.”
Hurd was speaking Tuesday at a forum in Washington organized by the software company Cloudera.
They asked the audience — professionals who analyze, visualize, and combine huge data sets to gain insights — to pitch in to help the government use information for better intelligence.
They said they want to connect “micro intelligence” officers, like “mall cops,” with local law enforcement all the way up to the intelligence community to solve national security problems. “There's a lot of information,” they said. “We just have to access it.”
That view was echoed by another speaker — Andrew Hallman, CIA director of digital innovation — who asked the audience how to “rewire neural pathways” between government agencies and security partners to become “anticipatory” about terrorism threats and other crime rather than “reactionary.”
But big data collection can have its own civil liberties problems. For instance, big data analytics — compiled from demographic information, court records, education, and more — can be used unfairly to flag people with certain characteristics or backgrounds as dangerous or threatening, subjecting them to additional surveillance.
POUGHKEEPSIE, NY—Marist College announced in a press release Friday the launch of its new online CareerLink program, allowing for easier communication between college seniors preparing to enter the workforce and irritated alumni who have zero interest in getting involved. “Historically, it's been a challenge for students to find and connect with alumni working in their desired field in order to burden them with their fears about future unemployment, but with this new web-based interface, those busy adults who really don't have time for this are just a click away,” wrote college spokesperson Alan Wasserman of the online database containing the email addresses and phone numbers of thousands of Marist graduates who can think of nothing less enjoyable than listening to an endless stream of 22-year-olds pesters them about potential job openings. “And from the perspective of our alumni out there in the working world, the CareerLink service hooks them into a vast network of inexperienced undergrads they've never met, have no intention of ever recommending to be hired, and who frankly are just wasting their time. It's a great tool for bringing the whole Marist community together.” Wasserman added that the school would finance the CareerLink platform by repeatedly needling annoyed, debt-saddled alums for donations.
Advertisement
Louisiana Tech jumped out to a 14-7 lead over Rice after one quarter. The Owls started to settle down, but a costly penalty gave Tech a jump start just before halftime. Rice had Tech stopped near the goal line, but an unsportsmanlike penalty gave the Bulldogs a fresh set of downs. Kenneth Dixon took advantage of the second chance and punched it in with 3:45 left before halftime to put Tech up 21-7.
Tech got the ball back and Dixon scored again with 1:05 left before halftime to give the Bulldogs a commanding 28-7 lead. Jeff Driskel hit Carlos Henderson for a touchdown to start the second half and the route was on.
Henderson finished with 6 catches for 115 yards and the two scores. Trent Taylor added 5 catches for 142 yards and two scores of their own. Dixon's two rushing touchdowns put them within 8 of the all-time NCAA touchdown record held by Montee Ball.
The Tech defense held Rice to just 281 total yards. Defensive End Jaylon Ferguson had 3 tackles for loss, including 1 sack.
LA Tech moves to 6-3, 4-1 on the season while Rice falls to 4-4, 2-2.
With a Pennsylvania judge today ruling that only one other woman can testify in Bill Cosby's criminal case over the alleged 2004 sexual assault of then-Temple University employee Andrea Constand, the much accused comedian has gotten a bit of a legal break.
Still facing a trial set to start in June and potentially a decade behind bars and fines if found guilty of three felony charges of second-degree aggravated indecent assault, today's ruling means the 79-year-old Cosby will not have to face testimony from a dozen other women who have claimed the actor assaulted or drugged them over the decades.
In a blow for Montgomery County DA Kevin Steele's desire to show Cosby's pattern of “prior bad acts,” Judge Steven O'Neil's order slices the number of additional alleged victims who may take the stand in addition to Constand from 13 to one. “It is hereby ORDERED and DECREED that the Commonwealth's Motion is GRANTED as to Prior Alleged Victim Six and DENIED as to Prior Alleged Victims One through Five and Seven through Thirteen,” said the order released this morning (read it here).
That “alleged victim six” is a former assistant to Cosby's ex-William Morris agent Tom Illius. Represented by attorney Gloria Allred, the woman has said that The Cosby Show star assaulted them in 1996 in L.A., much more recently that the other claimants.
“Although I agree with the prosecutor's previous argument that it would have been important for the jury to hear the testimony of all 13 prior bad act witnesses, I am glad that at least one such witness will be able to testify in this case,” Allred said Friday after O'Neil's order was made public. “We recognize that the Court was required to weigh the probative value versus the prejudicial value of such testimony and other factors in order to make this decision.”
Cosby spokesperson Andrew Wyatt said the actor had “no comment at this present time.”
Nearly a year after criminal charges against Cosby were laid by the then newly elected Steele, the actors' latest set of lawyers and the local D.A.'s office squared off in two days of hearings in December over whether the 13 women should be allowed to testify. Cosby attorney Brian McMonagle said that that the other women have “no business” in the case. They also added in the courtroom that “the allegations here cannot be defended,” noting the differences in circumstances and other material matters between the claims of sexual assault and drugging of the 13 accusers and Constand nearly 13 years ago.
The decision today comes just three days before Cosby, their lawyers and the Montgomery County D.A. are scheduled to meet again in court for a hearing on the defense's attempt to get the trial venue changed. This is the latest in a series of tactics Cosby's team has made over the past year to either have the case tossed or stymied.
Trial Design and Oversight
In an international, multicenter, prospective, randomized, open-label trial with blinded outcome evaluation, two doses of intravenous alteplase were compared in patients with an acute ischemic stroke who were eligible for thrombolytic therapy; administration of the drug was commenced within 4.5 hours after the onset of the stroke. Patients with elevated systolic blood pressure (range, 150 to 220 mm Hg) could also be randomly assigned to early and intensive lowering of blood pressure (target systolic blood pressure <140 mm Hg within 1 hour) or conventional guideline-directed management of blood pressure (target systolic blood pressure <180 mm Hg) with the use of locally available intravenous agents.
Details of the design and statistical analysis plan of the trial have been published previously.13,14 An international steering committee, whose members designed the trial with an advisory committee, was responsible for the conduct and reporting of the trial. The George Institute for Global Health coordinated the trial, managed the database, and performed the analyses. The study drug used (alteplase) was that available for routine use at clinical centers; there was no commercial input into any aspect of the trial. The first author wrote the first and subsequent drafts of the manuscript. All the authors commented on drafts of the manuscript, approved the decision to submit the manuscript for publication, and vouch for the accuracy and completeness of the data and for the fidelity of this report to the trial protocol (available with the full text of this article at NEJM.org).
The trial protocol was approved by all appropriate regulatory authorities and ethics committees at the participating centers. All participants, or an approved surrogate for those who were too unwell to comprehend the information, provided written informed consent. Details of the monitoring procedures are provided in the Supplementary Appendix (available at NEJM.org).
Patients and Procedures
Patients were recruited at 111 clinical centers in 13 countries. Patients were eligible if they were 18 years of age or older, had an acute ischemic stroke, and met guideline-recommended criteria for treatment with intravenous alteplase. For details of the inclusion and exclusion criteria, see the Supplementary Appendix.
After confirmation of patient eligibility, randomization was performed centrally with the use of a minimization algorithm according to center, time from stroke onset (<3 vs. ≥3 hours), and severity of neurologic impairment (score of <10 vs. ≥10 on the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale [NIHSS]; range, 0 to 42, with higher scores indicating greater severity of stroke). Participants were randomly assigned to receive either a standard dose of intravenous alteplase (0.9 mg per kilogram of estimated, or measured, body weight; 10% as a bolus and 90% as an infusion over a period of 60 minutes; maximum dose, 90 mg) or a low dose (0.6 mg per kilogram, 15% as a bolus and 85% as an infusion over a period of 60 minutes; maximum dose, 60 mg), to be commenced within 4.5 hours after symptom onset. Concomitant therapy followed national practice guidelines, including the use of endovascular thrombectomy devices, where approved.
Demographic and clinical data were obtained at the time of randomization. Follow-up data were obtained at 24 and 72 hours (including repeat NIHSS scores and measured body weight) and at 7 days (or hospital discharge, if sooner), 28 days, and 90 days, unless death occurred earlier. The 28-day and 90-day evaluations were conducted in person or by telephone, by trained and certified staff who remained unaware of the randomized treatment assignments. Brain imaging was performed at trial entry and at 24 hours, and additionally if clinically indicated, and was analyzed centrally for any hemorrhage by expert assessors who were unaware of the treatment assignments (see the Supplementary Appendix).
Outcomes
The prespecified primary outcome was the combined end point of death or disability at 90 days, which was defined by scores of 2 to 6 on the modified Rankin scale,15 a global seven-level measure of functioning in which scores of 0 or 1 indicate a good outcome with no or minimal neurologic symptoms, scores of 2 to 5 indicate a poor outcome with increasing degree of disability, and 6 indicates death. The key secondary outcome, which was also designated as a safety outcome, was intracerebral hemorrhage, defined according to criteria from a number of other studies (see the Supplementary Appendix); the main definition of intracerebral hemorrhage that we used was the definition in the Safe Implementation of Thrombolysis in Stroke-Monitoring Study (SITS-MOST)16: a large local or remote parenchymal pattern (>30% of the infarcted area affected by hemorrhage, with mass effect or extension outside the infarct) and neurologic deterioration from baseline (increase of ≥4 points in the NIHSS score) or death within 36 hours. This definition was finalized and described in the statistical analysis plan of our trial after publication of the original protocol.
Other secondary efficacy outcomes were the distribution of modified Rankin scale scores at 90 days,17 major disability (modified Rankin scale score >2) at 90 days, deaths at 7 days and 90 days, neurologic deterioration (increase of ≥4 points in the NIHSS score) during the 72 hours after randomization, death and neurologic deterioration (increase of ≥4 points in the NIHSS score) during the 72 hours after randomization, health-related quality of life on the EuroQoL Group 5-Dimension Self-Report Questionnaire (EQ-5D; summary health utility scores range from −0.109 to 1, with higher scores indicating better health)18 at 90 days (for details on scoring, see the Supplementary Appendix), length of initial hospital stay, recurrent acute myocardial infarction and recurrent ischemic stroke, admission to a long-term residential care facility at 90 days, and use of health services (for economic analyses that have not yet been conducted). Prespecified safety outcomes were all serious adverse events reported until trial completion. Tertiary outcomes included all-cause mortality, place of death, trends in modified Rankin scale scores during follow-up, length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU), rate of thrombectomy, and individual items of the EQ-5D.
Statistical Analysis
We designed the trial to assess the effects of two treatment variables — alteplase dose and intensity of blood-pressure control — on clinical outcomes, accounting for their potential interaction.14 Differential patient recruitment resulted in the part of the trial dealing with alteplase dose being completed faster than the part dealing with intensity of blood-pressure control. For the primary analysis, we used an unadjusted logistic-regression model to test whether low-dose alteplase was noninferior to the standard dose. To satisfy the noninferiority hypothesis, the upper boundary of the 95% confidence interval for the odds ratio of the outcome with low-dose alteplase as compared with standard-dose alteplase had to fall below a margin of 1.14; this noninferiority margin was derived from a Cochrane meta-analyses of alteplase trials with effects on poor outcomes reported.19,20 We estimated that a sample size of 3300 patients would provide at least 90% power to evaluate noninferiority, assuming 5% dropout and potential negative interaction between intensive blood-pressure control and low-dose alteplase, and would also provide at least 80% power to detect superiority of low-dose alteplase in achieving a 40% lower risk of symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage than that with standard-dose alteplase, with 5% dropout. Consistency of treatment effect across 10 prespecified subgroups was assessed through tests for interaction.
A secondary efficacy analysis was a comparison of ordinal scores on the modified Rankin scale to test for the noninferiority of the low dose to the standard dose with the use of ordinal logistic regression, after the assumption of proportionality of the odds was confirmed in a likelihood-ratio test.17 A new assumption-free approach21 was used to confirm the conclusion. We also performed secondary analyses of the primary outcome with adjustment for minimization and key prognostic covariates14, as well as secondary analyses in the per-protocol population according to criteria outlined in the Supplementary Appendix. Multiple imputation was to be used if more than 10% of observations were missing. An independent data and safety monitoring board monitored the trial progress and safety with the use of formal stopping boundaries. For ease of interpretation, all reported P values for noninferiority are multiplied by 2 so that an alpha of 0.05 can be used in analyses. The other P values (those for superiority) are two-sided. All P values were prespecified not to be adjusted. SAS software, version 9.3 (SAS Institute), was used for analyses.
I started the day about 7am at Evening Hole. As I walked down to the water I startled two does out for a morning drink. The river was loaded with nice size fish. A few seemed to be feeding on emergers. Action didnt start building up until later in the morning. There were less fishermen than I expected, but it was still pretty busy on the river. Everyone was respectful of space but every hole had someone in it.There are hoppers on the banks now and Baetis hatching through out the day with light Sulphurs in the mix. Although I had no luck with RS2s or BOW dries for some reason It might have been because there were so many naturals on the water when I tried it out. Also beware snakes are out in force. I saw a few dead ones on the road and one in the river. I didn't get close enough to ID it. Leave them alone and they will leave you alone!After lots of trial and error and maybe the passage of time helped too, the fish started biting. I had lots of looks and passes on a San Juan variation, but finally hooked up. It was clear that I was getting close to but they just werent into it. I switched to high sticking the normal nymphs and dropped midges, but still no luck with typical go-to flies. I switched to a Caddis pupa I came up with after reading about the green rock worm pattern on here a while ago. The trout loved it. I hooked up on the first cast three times in a row. I still hadn't seen anyone else catch one around me so I gracefully moved on to take my new trick to the deeper holes on the Spillway.Unfortunately I couldn't pick up any bites with the Greenie. Maybe I still wasn't getting it deep enough, I'm not sure. I was too distracted by several small rainbows taking something off of the film on top. I tied on a size 18 Elk Hair Caddis and floated into the pool where they were rising. I've never seen a fish stare at a fly for so long. It was amazing. Every one of them would slowly rise to it look at it and lower. I was starting to get a complex about my tying skills, but instead of tying something new on I decided to move to faster water where they would have to make a snap judgement. The strategy paid off. I caught several more on dries until the late afternoon.More families and fisherman were coming up the trails, so I decided to eat an early dinner and fish later while everyone else was eating. I ended the day with the river to myself. I caught several nice sized rainbows but no browns in 14 hours.The next morning I decided to sleep in a little longer since the previous morning was not particularly productive. I packed up camp and headed down and fished two more hours. I went back to evening hole again and thought I would try the green rock worm followed by a cream midge, but I wasn't even getting looks at it. After about a half hour the older gentleman next to me caught one and then another. I took a cue from watching them and happily switched to dry flies despite only seeing a few fish rising out of my reach. I caught two more nice rainbows on a size 18 Adams and broke one off trying to keep them out of a log jam. I decided to end on a high note and go grab breakfast for the long trip back.
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
June 19, 2013, 6:52 PM GMT By Ragen Chastain
When you see a loving couple where one person is much more stereotypically attractive than the other, do you think “It's great that those two people have found each other” or do you think “Wow, they could do better than her?” If it's the former, then congratulations, you are a decent human being. If it's the latter, then the bad news is that you're an asshole. The good news is that asshole doesn't have to be a permanent state—because Gloria Shuri Nava is here to help.
Gloria is a fat woman in a relationship with a thin man. They started The Beauty Adjustment Collaboration as a way to encourage people who are in relationships of mixed stereotypical beauty to talk about their experiences. It's a powerful video and if you were in the “he could do better” camp before then take heart. If there is any shred of human decency in you, once you finish watching this video you'll be thinking “God, I was an asshole and I'm going to stop.” But how do you make that change?
You can start by taking the advice of people from the video. For example, you can be attracted to whomever you want and that's fine. Things go wrong when you start to think that everyone should have the same attractions that you do. When you are in disbelief that someone finds someone else attractive, go ahead and turn that frown upside down by adding some respect to the situation—respect other people's choices like you want yours respected. While you're at it, don't assume that someone is “overlooking” their partner's looks, it's not personality or looks—it's often both.
You can consider that the ability to perceive beauty is a skill. Various cultures, and the same cultures at various times, had wildly different ideas of what is beautiful. The idea of beauty is not genetic. If you can't find someone else beautiful—maybe it's time you do some homework to sharpen that skill. Spend the next few weeks, or few months, finding something beautiful about every person you see. Watch the red carpet with the sound turned down and find only nice things to say about the dresses and the stars.
If all else fails, there's my mother's tried and true advice—just shut up. When confronted with a couple that doesn't make sense from your worldview, remember that there's absolutely no need for you to comment in any way. Don't like the way they look? Take some advice from that band Chicago and “look away, baby, look away.”
If you are in such a couple of mixed attractiveness, then let me congratulate you for finding love and offer my condolences that there are assholes in the world. I hope that you can avoid them and, if not, that you'll never let their petty animus get in the way of your awesome relationship.
A version of this story originally appeared on iVillage.
Xbox boss Shannon Loftis, who heads up Xbox Publishing for first-party games, believes single-player-only games aren't dead but they do have questions to face around their economic viability. Speaking to GameSpot today, Loftis said the demand by gamers for higher quality experiences comes with a price tag. While storytelling is still of paramount importance, the economics of single-player-only titles is "complicated" in today's industry due to the dramatic and constant evolution of the game market.
"Game development in general is about a couple of things. It's about delivering and experience and it's about telling stories. Storytelling is as central to game development as it ever has been," Loftis said.
There are of course strong examples of compelling single-player-only games that have performed well in the market, such as Bethesda's Fallout 4, Sony's Horizon: Zero Dawn, and Microsoft's own Ori series, Loftis pointed out. But overall, Loftis said the call for higher-quality experiences can result in a big production budget. The suggestion is that some publishers might be understandably spooked putting so much money into a project when their return is not as much a sure-thing as it could be for a product with more potential revenue streams beyond the initial game sale.
"I don't think that it's dead per se," Loftis said about the market for exclusively single-player games. "I do think the economics of taking a single-player game and telling a very high fidelity multi-hour story get a little more complicated. Gamers want higher fidelity and they want higher resolution graphics."
Loftis said Microsoft's Netflix-style Xbox Game Pass service for Xbox One, which costs $10/month for access to a library of more than 100 games, is one method by which Microsoft can help fund single-player-only games. Game Pass "gives us the opportunity to potentially fund games like that," they said.
Retail game sales and subscription revenue--from Xbox Game Pass and other sources--"helps us put games like that in the market over time," Loftis explained.
"I do think the economics of taking a single-player game and telling a very high fidelity multi-hour story get a little more complicated" -- Loftis
These economic considerations may possibly explain or at least contribute to the discussion about microtransactions in AAA games. It is rare today for high-profile games to not have microtransaction systems in place.
One recent high-profile exclusively single-player game, Middle-earth: Shadow of War, has microtransactions in its single-player campaign. Everything can be earned through normal gameplay, but players can also choose to spend money to speed up their progress. Some called it out as odd that there would be speed-up microtransactions in a single-player game. Exactly why developer Monolith put this system into Shadow of War is not immediately clear, but it represents another revenue stream.
In Loftis' estimation, single-player-only games will exist forever, though it's possible they may become less prevalent. "I don't think that there is ever going to be a time when there aren't single-player, story-based games," they said. "I do love the idea of building a community around the experience of these games."
Loftis added that they want to find a way to help find a way for the wider Xbox community to get together and enjoy the "shared experience of a single-player game" that affected them in some way. They pointed out the Red Wedding episode of Game of Thrones as a moment where fans were so affected by what happened that they came together to discuss and post videos of their reactions on YouTube.
We asked Loftis about the future of single-player games in the wake of EA's unexpected and dramatic announcement that it was closing Visceral Games and re-tooling the studio's much-anticipated Star Wars game. Announced as a story-based, linear adventure game, EA said it discovered in the production process that it wasn't going to be a game that fans could "come back to and enjoy for a long time to come." So the decision was made to "pivot" to something new. It remains to be seen what that will be, but the wording of EA's statement suggests the team is looking at a more online, multiplayer-focused experience. Some took this news as a signal that video games in general are trending away from single-player-only experiences. That's an understandably worrying thought. As Loftis said, it's highly unlikely that exclusively single-player games cease to exist, though we could see fewer of them due to the realities of doing business.
What do you think about single-player games? Let us know in the comments below! This is just one of the many topics that came up in our interview with Loftis today. Check back soon for more on topics like the future of the Fable franchise, the Xbox One X, how they feel about Microsoft's lineup of exclusives this year, and a lot more.
CHARLOTTE — There are 63 players that occupy the Carolina Panthers locker room at Bank of America Stadium, where the fallout from a bill regarding gender identity has cost the stadium a college football conference title game. That stadium is located in a city where the state shot and killed another black man, and where the Constitution then came alive on the streets for days; in a state where polling for the presidential, senatorial and gubernatorial races are all within one percentage point and where a single vote may very well carry more weight than a vote in any other state; in a country that has embarrassed itself the past 18 months with the most shameful election in its history.
Those 63 players talk politics in this locker room, and they're as exhausted as the rest of us.
“Whether our locker room is a microcosm of the rest of the country or [if it's] mostly the people I find myself around on a regular basis, I think, very much like everybody else, everyone has given up on the individual [candidate],” All-Pro tight end Greg Olsen said of the presidential election. “Voting for the person has really become a lose-lose to a degree.”
The Panthers haven't been able to hide from politics in recent years. They represent two Carolinas, one of which wrestled with whether to keep the Confederate flag as an ostensible state symbol just a year ago. The other is attempting to suppress mostly black and brown votes while also wrestling with where a person who identifies as a woman but has male genitalia should go to relieve herself.
Political talk rarely—if ever—finds its way onto the practice field. It's kept to the locker room, the cafeteria and the Thursday bull sessions. Players have talked about the highlights of the debate from the previous night, Charlotte's unrest in September and, of course, “locker room talk.” Olsen, safety Tre Boston and long snapper J.J. Jansen are three of the most vocal (read: opinionated) players on the roster. The talks may get contentious at times, but no player said it ever boiled over.
“These young men have to understand the impact that they're going to have in their communities. Some of these young guys are going to grow up and be community leaders from Greg Olsen to Thomas Davis,” Panthers coach Ron Rivera said. “These guys have a civic responsibility, and the first step is understanding that you do have a voice and your voice should be heard.”
There are no women in an NFL locker room workplace, and most of the men are between the ages of 21 and 35. But within that group there is great diversity. From poverty to upper class, from city living to suburbs to farmland and even the size of their colleges, there's a richness of backgrounds and diversity in a locker room. Olsen identifies as socially moderate/liberal and fiscally conservative but sees the overlap. For myriad reasons, they said, some people can't just go get a job, and those people need assistance from others, be it charity or the government.
“Just because I wasn't around it or experienced it or had someone give me the details, doesn't mean I'm not open to having a different stance or seeing things through a different perspective,” Olsen said. “There are a lot of issues where I feel I have room to learn more about and possibly as a result have a change in opinion.
“I think you get a lot of life experiences and they all get dumped in a locker room and they say ‘Hey, spend 10 months a year with each other.' That's a great example that just because you have different backgrounds and you may be staunchly on the other side on different issues, it doesn't mean that you can't cohabitate.”
Ryan Kang/AP
Not everyone is as interested or as vocal as Olsen, whom one Panthers staffer referred to recently as a future senator. Safety Colin Jones had a tweet critical of Trump wrongly attributed to them by the Washington Post last month and said they didn't want to say anything related to this election.
Pro Bowl guard Trai Turner wouldn't divulge whom he's voting for or even if he's voting. But they seemed bewildered at the apathy among some of their teammates.
“You have your cats that say, ‘Oh I'm not worried about it.' OK that's fine,” Turner said. “You have your cats who say, ‘Oh it's just the president. They don't really make decisions.' Well then who does? We have all these opinions and feel these different ways and let's try to make sense. But that's too hard. It's so easy, it's hard. Everyone's doing what they're doing, so I'm going to do what I'm doing. I'm not telling you what I'm doing, but I'm doing it.”
Rookie tight end Beau Sandland has the pleasure of having a locker beside Olsen. They hear the Pro Bowl tight end talk politics daily, whether it's across the locker room with a teammate or corralling a media member to discuss the latest headlines. Sandland, who said it'd be disrespectful to those before us not to cast a vote, can sometimes be seen listening in on the conversations but rarely offering their two cents.
“My attitude has been ‘OK, I'm a rookie,'” Sandland said. “I'm going to keep my mouth shut and my ears open and be a sponge.”
Rivera has tried to facilitate these talks in recent years. They lean heavily on military members—he had Lieutenant Colonel J.C. Glick speak shortly after Colin Kaepernick's kneeling gained international attention—and sits quietly and listens when a few players gather to chat around the facility. They told their players that if they don't vote, they don't want to hear them complain after Nov. 8.
People in this city, like every sports town, look up to these players. Rivera believes it's important to set an example, but how much should athletes and politics mix? Last week they paraphrased Charles Barkley by saying he's “not here to raise anybody.”
In 2014, the Panthers thrust them in front of the cameras to explain why Greg Hardy was playing in the first game, inactive in the second game and on the exempt list for the rest of the season while facing a domestic violence trial. They point to that season as one of tremendous growth and learning for him. Since then, fans and observers have looked to the Panthers for their reaction to the Charleston shooting, the Confederate flag, North Carolina's House Bill 2 a.k.a. the “bathroom bill” and the civil unrest in the city following the police shooting death of Keith Lamont Scott.
A Panthers fan encountered Rivera after the coach voted early last month. The fan wanted to know if Rivera voted “the right way,” and the coach, knowing what the fan meant, said “I voted American.”
“I know people want me to say things and do things but I don't think it's my spot,” Rivera said. “I have problems when people look at us as we are the moral and social and legal guide to America. There's the Bible, or whichever book you believe in, and the constitution. Those are our moral and social compasses. Those are the things we should be living off of.
“We live in a great state, a great city, and all the craziness that's gone on in the last year and a half … I know all those HB2 things are going on and those things have to be corrected. Obamacare has got to be corrected and fixed. So if you truly believe in something then you need to vote.”
It's unclear how split the Carolina locker room is on this presidential election—about a half-dozen players last week declined to anonymously say for whom they are voting before a reporter ceased their informal polling. The Panthers' locker room is two-thirds black and Trump is polling in the low single digits among blacks. and so statistically speaking, taking into account the likely voting patterns of the 30-plus black players in the locker room, it means Trump should get no more than one vote from a black Panthers player.
By Tuesday morning, Trump and Clinton will have visited the state no fewer than 24 combined times in the past 23 weeks, and that doesn't take into account the dozens of visits from their respective surrogates. There are 15 crucial electoral votes at stake here, and these Panthers represent some of the most visible, well-known residents of this state.
The players' opinions clearly differ across the board, but their overwhelming sentiment seems to be in line with most Americans.
“I remember being younger and watching the debates with my parents and it was something they really paid attention to. Now it's a show! It's for television ratings,” Turner said. “…You're actually, in essence, picking someone to speak for you because you can't be heard.
“These are the two people we have talking for us?”
South Australia is making progress in its effort to profitably address an issue that has slowed nuclear energy's growth prospects for more than 40 years.
On May 9th South Australian premier Jay Weatherill released the final version of the Nuclear Fuel Cycle Royal Commission report that had been briefed to them on May 6.
The report is the result of a 14-month process of evidence gathering, hearings, public meetings, report drafting, and comment response that cost the South Australian government a little more than A$7 million ($5.2 million).
The Royal Commission listened to 132 witnesses, many of whom were experts in various aspects of nuclear energy.
A few were professional nuclear energy opponents, including Helen Caldicott, Princeton professor Frank Von Hippel, and the Union of Concerned Scientists' Ed Lyman.
The panel also addressed more than 170 responses submitted during the comment period following release of the tentative findings in February.
The report's conclusions and recommended next steps were broken into four major categories: exploration and mining; processing and fabrication; electricity generation; and radioactive waste management, storage and disposal. (See Highlights below.)
The commission found that the world's nuclear fuel processing and fabrication markets were oversupplied and offered few near term opportunities for new entrants.
It noted that South Australia is home to 25% of the world's known uranium resources and 80% of Australia's known uranium, but that market is also oversupplied and underpriced.
It determined that there are no commercially proven nuclear generators that can economically compete in the South Australian electricity market as it is currently structured, even if the federal statutory prohibition on nuclear power in Australia was eliminated.
On a far more positive note, the commission made a strong case for its conclusion that there is a large, profitable and almost completely underserved market in the world for a credible, reliable, bankable supplier of handling, storage and disposal services for used nuclear fuel and intermediate nuclear waste.
The report provided details about the assumptions and calculations that led it to make the following statement on page 99:
“Integrated facilities with capacity to store and dispose of used fuel would be viable. On a number of realistic scenarios, such a facility would be highly profitable.”
A bit later in the report, there are numbers from one of the realistic scenarios that quantify the words “highly profitable.”
They showed how a program could result in total revenue of A$257 billion ($190 billion), with total costs–largely in the form of salaries and wages to South Australian workers–of A$145 billion ($107 billion), leaving more than A$100 billion ($74 billion) in profits.
The commission reported that if half of those profits were invested into a state wealth fund, they could accumulate a total of A$445 billion ($328 billion) before waste deliveries stop.
That calculation was for a notional project that envisions South Australia earning income for 70 years from storing about 25% of the world's available used fuel and intermediate nuclear waste.
Aside: There would be no real reason to stop there if both hosts and customers were happy with the arrangement. End Aside
Long-time antinuclear campaigner Dave Sweeny (@NukeDaveSweeny) from the Australian Conservation Foundation was quoted in several news stories as having said, “We'll be increasing our profile, our presence and our concerns….It might include protests, it certainly will include boots on the ground.”
In contrast, The Advertiser published an editorial indicating that many more people are thinking about the opportunity than about joining the opposition.
“There were just two protesters outside Government House on Friday when Rear Admiral Scarce handed over the report. At the height of anti-nuclear sentiment a generation ago, it's likely thousands would have been marching in the streets.”
Writing for Forbes James Conca said, “This is is a very big deal. And also a very good idea.” They also provided a third party quote worth cribbing.
“Agneta Rising, Director General of the London-based World Nuclear Association, said that the report had ‘fundamentally changed the nature of the global nuclear waste discourse.'”
The federal government, in a statement issued by Josh Frydenberg, the energy and resources minister, expressed support for the commission's report.
Next Steps
Premier Jay Weatherill indicated that solicitations of interest have been sent out to 25,000 randomly selected South Australians. A pool of 50 from that group will form a citizens' jury to compile key questions raised by the commission report.
A second group of 350 from the initial group would seek community responses during the summer and report back to the government in September.
By November, the government will decide if it plans to move forward with plans for a storage facility and disposal repository. At that point it will begin the challenging process of finding a willing community host.
“Social consent is fundamental to undertaking any new nuclear project,” the report said. “Social consent requires sufficient public support in South Australia to proceed with legislating, planning and implementing a project. Local community consent is required to host a facility.”
The commission expects that the consent-seeking process might take as long as 10 years.
Even though the commission did not see any near term use of nuclear power in South Australia, it recommended several actions to keep that option available in the future.
It recommended efforts to legislatively remove the prohibition and expert monitoring and reporting of international advances in nuclear technology that might change the economics for proven systems.
Other Report Highlights
The Royal Commission's report also provided detailed reviews of all other available energy options and explained why it cautions against the assumption that currently rosy views of renewable energy and storage cost reduction might not prove to be accurate.
The report contained a lengthy explanation of the reasons why, in South Australia, climate change concerns are a primary motivation for reconsidering and revising current law. There is a far more than adequate supply of fossil fuels and other energy sources for the small population.
Some nuclear energy professionals actively resist the introduction of climate change as a primary reason why uranium deserves a place in the energy mix, but I hope they don't waste much time trying to convince the South Australian government that it should find a different reason to become strongly pro-nuclear.
There is a synergistic aspect to South Australia's willingness to host a multilateral used fuel storage facility and repository that the report does not adequately address.
Perhaps it's a result of an understandable desire to avoid irrational exuberance.
If South Australia's used fuel acceptance program is successful and imitated by one or more competitors, the entire nuclear industry may begin to recover from the lethargy that has been imposed by 40 years of constipation—-the situation that some have described as a focus on “the waste issue.”
If South Australians agree to accept the facility and the new enterprise because they're convinced that the benefits far outweigh the almost imaginary risks, the resulting nuclear power growth should dramatically accelerate the process of working off the oversupply situations described in the report's skeptical sections on opportunities in fuel cycle activities.
Highlights: Royal Commission Report Exploration and Mining Current conclusion: Limited opportunities for expansion in current low price environment. Simplification of state and federal mining to deliver single assessment and approvals process
Enhance pre-competitive geophysical data including counter-cyclical investment in exploring new areas
Obtain better guarantees for decommissioning and remediation from miners Processing and Fabrication Current conclusion: Market is oversupplied with little room for new competition. Remove existing prohibitions on licensing processing & fabrication to enable fuel leasing strategy
Promote commercialization of isotopes from cyclotron at SAHMRI Electricity Generation Current conclusion: Not economically competitive under today's market rules. Remove federal prohibitions on nuclear power
Develop national energy policy that enables nuclear to participate in low carbon, reliable, the lowest possible system cost electricity network
Assign experts to keep track of new nuclear systems that may improve economic value of nuclear power Radioactive Waste Management, Storage, Disposal Current conclusion: There is a lucrative opportunity to supply desired service with current market void. Vigorously pursue opportunity to establish storage and disposal facilities for intermediate level waste and used nuclear fuel
Take immediate steps allowed under existing laws to set stage for community decision process
Remove constraint that precludes thorough analysis and discussion of opportunity
The above article was first printed in Fuel Cycle Week #661 dated May 12, 2016. It is reprinted here under prior arrangements between author and publishers.
STEPHENTOWN, N.Y., Sept. 26 (UPI) -- Six people face trespassing and theft charges in the party break-in of former New England Patriots tackle Brian Holloway's home, police said.
The six suspects, ages 17 to 21, turned themselves in at the Rensselaer County, N.Y., Sheriff's office, police said in a statement Thursday.
A 19-year-old was arrested for "organizing, advertising, and providing alcohol for the party" at Holloway's Stephentown, N.Y., home and faces two felony charges -- including third-degree burglary -- and two misdemeanors, the statement said.
Three others face felony grand larceny charges for stealing a granite eagle statue, while another two are accused of trespassing and providing alcohol to children, CNN said.
Holloway was in Tampa, Fla., when an estimated 300 high school students held a flash party at the vacant home Aug. 31. They said on Twitter five teens helped them clean up their house after the melee.
Holloway said they tracked down the names of about 100 of the partygoers through Twitter.
"The technology they used to get the word out [about the party] is the exact same technology I'm using to put the brakes on things like this happening again," they said.
Pin 56 Shares
It seems everybody has ideas for how improve vocations or youth ministry. Some say to attract vocations we need a more masculine priesthood, some suggest that we need to preach stronger morals in parishes, and some argue on both sides regarding how long people should discern. Some say abandon youth ministry and leave it to the parents, some point out failures in youth ministry, and some complain that youth ministry is underfunded. These debates seem to go on indefinitely in the Catholic blogosphere. Even in the past three weeks, three articles have been written on it: Anthony Esolen wrote a two-part series (part 1, part 2) with some ideas on getting vocations, and Edmund Mitchell wrote about the cognitive biases in anti-youth-ministry blogs. I think most of these authors, and particularly the two I just linked to, have some valid points. But unfortunately in all this debate, the central solution to these problems is rarely talked about.
So what is the solution to vocations and the solution to youth ministry?
Two words: Jesus Christ.
This may sound simplistic, but let me explain. We can easily lose our way by focusing on all the details. It is so easy to let our discussion be derailed with details – will we serve pizza, what games we play at the retreat, etc. – and lose the central focus. We need these people to have an experience of Jesus Christ.
I did not become a priest and religious because the priests around me were macho, or because my parish had the best preaching, or because we had the most solemn choir. I became a priest and religious because I fell in love with Jesus Christ and realized this was my path to happiness. When I have seen teenagers transformed on a retreat or at a youth group, it wasn't because we had the best sound system or because parents were present (or absent). Every kid I have seen transformed by youth ministry has been transformed because they have been brought to a personal experience with their Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
It's easy to treat vocations as making sure there is someone to celebrate the Eucharist at my parish when I'm 75. That's a noble goal. However, if we do not bring young men to the experience of Jesus Christ, we will not have good priests for the future. We might have priests without those experiences, but they will simply be mercenaries rather than apostles of Christ. As a priest I highly respect, Fr Damien Ference, put it in Homiletic & Pastoral Review: “The root of our current vocation problem is a lack of discipleship. Of course, a disciple is one who encounters Jesus, repents, experiences conversion and then follows Jesus.”
Youth ministry also suffers from goals that can tend to leave it mediocre: “Just give my Johnny a positive social environment,” “Make sure Susie lives chastity,” etc. These things will follow if teenagers first have an experience of Jesus Christ. However, if they don't first have that experience of Jesus Christ, these things may happen but they're unlikely to last. In the Christian life, morality and community are consequences of communion with Jesus; they don't exist on their own. In fact, our relationship with Jesus is so key to our Christian life that if – and this is only theoretical – we could have a great relationship with Jesus and live unchastely every day, that would be superior to living perfect chastity and having no relationship with Jesus.
At the same time, I don't want to discourage a valid discussion of one of the best means for young people to experience Jesus Christ, and for some of these people to feel the call to give everything for Him. Priests are supposed to be other Christ's; and since Jesus was a real man, they fulfill their mission and attract good vocations if they are real men. If we really experience Jesus, this will lead us to living a Christian life. Youth ministry and vocation ministry need to be a constant search for the best way for teens and young adults to experience Christ, but they can never lose the focus, which is Christ.
At least two racist signs were posted on the University of Utah campus last week, one taped on the wall of the Student Life Center and another taped crudely over an advertisement near the building.
University officials learned about the posters on social media last week, according to Annalisa Purser, a university spokesperson. When officials went to remove the posters, they were gone, they said.
Apparently these fliers were on MY campus. @UUtah what the hell are these? pic.twitter.com/PVd9VHjAWn — Joshua Soutas (@SoutasJosh) August 10, 2017
Text on the poster said “Stop the blacks” and listed unverified crime statistics. A link to a website directs to a manifesto written by a white nationalist group called Vanguard America. Vanguard Utah confirmed that the posters found at the U. are associated with it.
The university provides counseling for students who feel threatened by such messages, Purser said. The Office for Equity and Diversity ”is always keeping up to date on these types of issues,” they added, saying that students may report racist messages to the office's staff.
We were alerted about the two posters last week after they had already been removed. Campus police & the dean of students is notified. — University of Utah (@UUtah) August 10, 2017
University police documented the posters, but they did not respond to a request for comment Thursday evening.
“I don‘t think there's enough information about this incident to really follow up on these posters, specifically,” Purser said.
The university released a statement to news media on Thursday evening that listed support services such as the Office for Inclusive Excellence and the counseling center.
Thomas Percy 7th Earl of Northumberland gained the rather unflattering nickname Simple Tom. They were a key figure in the Northern Rising of 1569. He'd met Mary Queen of Scots on their journey to Carlisle in May 1568 and it was to Northumberland that Mary, during their journey from Bolton Castle to Tutbury, sent a gold ring with a reminder that he'd promised to help them
Northumberland was not only in contact with Mary. They also had links to the papacy in Rome and to the Duke of Alva in the Low Countries. Their forceful wife Ann was an ardent Catholic. Percy had other reasons for resenting the English establishment. He'd lost the lucrative wardenship of the East marches that they regarded as their birthright and in addition the revenue from copper mines found on lands they owned near Keswick had been commandeered on behalf of the State by Cecil.
They found themselves drawn into a scheme later described as incoherent and aimless along with the Earl of Westmoreland and Leonard Dacre. The aim was to raise the north, march south and free Mary Queen of Scots from captivity. They were then to marry the Duke of Norfolk. The earls would then rid Elizabeth of their poor advisors (Cecil).
The rising began before the rebels were ready. Panic caused by the arrest of the Duke of Norfolk, led to the church bells in Topcliffe being rung backwards on the 9th November 1569. It was the middle of winter – exactly the wrong time for a rebellion. Before long the rebels found themselves sandwiched between a force from the south led by the Earl of Warwick and a combined force from the north led by Sir John Forster and Henry Carey, Lord Hunsdon. Mass was said in Durham. Hartlepool was captured so that the Duke of Alva could land but the earls did not receive the support that they'd relied upon. It wasn't long before they found themselves turning north towards home.
The rebels and the forces loyal to the queen, including Percy's brother Henry, fought briefly at Chester Dean near Hexham. Percy and their fellow conspirator the Earl of Westmoreland fled the field along with Percy's wife.
They rode as fast as they could to Naworth Castle, home of the Dacre family. Leonard Dacre had been a conspirator but had changed sides. Now they kept their doors firmly shut against the desperate earls. Their brother Edward led them into Liddesdale and left them in the hands of the Armstrongs who were notorious border reivers. It was said of Jock of the Side's home that it wasn't fit for a dog kennel.
Ann was left with Jock of the Side and Black Ormiston. One or the other of these borderers relieved the countess of their jewels and their horses. They were eventually rescued by the Kerrs of Ferniehurst who traditionally feuded with the Percy family but who were loyal to Mary Queen of Scots (sounds like a complicated game of chess).
Henry Percy's ill luck continued. They found themselves separated from the Earl of Westmoreland and was betrayed by Hector Armstrong of Harelaw into the hands of Martin Elliott who promptly handed the unhappy earl into the clutches of Moray. Moray sent their prize to Lochleven Castle where they remained for the next two years while the English and the Scots negotiated with one another over the best price for Simple Tom.
During this time Ann, Countess of Northumberland escaped abroad to raise the money to ransom their husband from the Scots. It did little good. Percy was escorted into England in 1572. They believed that they were going to make their peace with Elizabeth.
Upon their arrival in York on the 22nd August 1572 they were executed somewhere near Low Pavement and buried in St Crux Church near the Shambles. The church was demolished and the site of their burial lost during the Victorian period. However, the nineteenth century also saw their beatification – so Simple Tom became the Blessed Thomas Percy, Seventh Earl of Northumberland.
NieR: Automata PS4 demo launches December 22 in Japan
That's "DEMO 120161128."
A demo for NieR: Automata, dubbed “DEMO 120161128,” will launch via the PlayStation Store on December 22 in Japan, Square Enix announced.
The demo of the Platinum Games-developed action RPG will primarily focus on its battle action gameplay. Save data from the demo won't carry over to the full release.
When Square Enix announced the western release date for NieR: Automata, it said it would release a demo in the coming weeks, so the western PlayStation Stores may get the demo the same week.
NieR: Automata will launch for PlayStation 4 in Japan on February 23, in North America on March 7, and in Europe on March 10. A PC release is due out in 2017.
View a set of screenshots from the demo at the gallery.
by Steve Horn / Desmog
TigerSwan is one of several security firms under investigation for its work guarding the Dakota Access pipeline in North Dakota while potentially without a permit. Besides this recent work on the Standing Rock Sioux protests in North Dakota, this company has offices in Iraq and Afghanistan and is run by a special forces Army veteran.
According to a summary of the investigation, TigerSwan “is in charge of Dakota Access intelligence and supervises the overall security.”
The Morton County, North Dakota, Sheriff's Department also recently concluded that another security company, Frost Kennels, operated in the state while unlicensed to do so and could face criminal charges. The firm's attack dogs bit protesters at a heated Labor Day weekend protest.
Law enforcement and private security at the North Dakota pipeline protests have faced criticism for maintaining a militarized presence in the area. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and National Lawyer's Guild have filed multiple open records requests to learn more about the extent of this militarization, and over 133,000 citizens have signed a petition calling for the U.S. Department of Justice to intervene and quell the backlash.
The Federal Aviation Administration has also implemented a no-fly zone, which bars anyone but law enforcement from flying within a 4-mile radius and 3500 feet above the ground in the protest area. Dallas Goldtooth, an organizer on the scenes in North Dakota with the Indigenous Environmental Network, said on Facebook that “DAPL private security planes and choppers were flying all day” within the designated no-fly zone.
Donnell Hushka, the designated public information officer for the North Dakota Tactical Operation Center, which is tasked with overseeing the no-fly zone, did not respond to repeated queries about designated private entities allowed to fly in no-fly zone airspace.
What is TigerSwan?
TigerSwan has offices in Iraq, Afghanistan, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, India, and Latin America and has headquarters in North Carolina. In the past year, TigerSwan won two U.S. Department of State contracts worth over $7 million to operate in Afghanistan, according to USASpending.gov.
TigerSwan, however, claims on its website that the contract is worth $25 million, and said in a press release that the State Department contract called for the company to “monitor, assess, and advise current and future nation building and stability initiatives in Afghanistan.” Since 2008, TigerSwan has won about $57.7 million worth of U.S. government contracts and subcontracts for security services.
Company founder and CEO James Reese, a veteran of the elite Army Delta Force, served as the “lead advisor for Special Operations to the Director of the CIA for planning, operations and integration for the invasion of Afghanistan and Operation Enduring Freedom” in Iraq, according to their company biography. Army Delta partakes in mostly covert and high-stakes missions and is part of the U.S. Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC), the latter well known for killing Osama Bin Laden.
One of TigerSwan's advisory board members, Charles Pittman, has direct ties to the oil and gas industry. Pittman “served as President of Amoco Egypt Oil Company, Amoco Eurasia Petroleum Company, and Regional President BP Amoco plc. (covering the Middle East, the Caspian Sea region, Egypt, and India),” according to their company biography.
“Sad, But Not Surprising”
Investigative journalist Jeremy Scahill told Democracy Now! in a 2009 interview that TigerSwan did some covert operations work with Blackwater USA, dubbed the “world's most powerful mercenary army” in their book by the same name. Blackwater has also guarded oil pipelines in central Asia, according to Scahill's book.
Reese advised Blackwater and took a leave of absence from TigerSwan in 2008 in the aftermath of the Nisour Square Massacre, a shooting in Iraq conducted by Blackwater officers which saw 17 Iraqi civilians killed. TigerSwan has a business relationship with Babylon Eagles Security Company, a private security firm headquartered in Iraq which also has had business ties with Blackwater.
“It is sad, but not surprising, that this firm has ties to the US interventions in Afghanistan and Iraq,” Medea Benjamin, co-founder of the women-led peace group CODEPINK and the co-founder of the human rights group Global Exchange, told DeSmog. “It is another terrifying example of how our violent interventions abroad come home to haunt us in the form of repression and violation of our civil rights.”
The North Dakota Bureau of Criminal Investigation and the Private Investigation and Security Board are also conducting parallel investigations to the one recently completed by Morton County. TigerSwan did not comment on questions posed about their contract.
Featured image credit: Flickr / Chuck Holton
Things I Want in Common Lisp
This post contains some things I want in Common Lisp, in no particular order. I'll try to keep things short and to the point.
Shared Libraries
Right now, the concept of a “library” in idiomatic Lisp is a .asd file along with some Lisp source code. I don't always want to distribute the source code. (Though most of the time I do.)
It would be nice if we had both statically and dynamically linkable/loadable libraries like those from C. Of course Lisp's model of how things work doesn't quite match up to this, but I think it could be done if implementations standardized on some loading (and unloading?) strategy.
As far as I know, the closest thing we can do to this is something like concatenating FASL files. But I would like something more robust and semi-standard across implementations.
Standard Calling Interface
Lisp isn't too friendly with the outside world. It is difficult to call Lisp code from another application, unless you're using a special implementation. Right now, message passing seems to be the only way to go.
It would be nice if there was some standard interface to call into Lisp with. Maybe even with just other Lisp applications. Something like a calling convention.
A Graphics/GUI Library
I honestly can't recommend Lisp to anyone personally who wants to do graphical programming. There's the commercial LispWorks CAPI which works relatively well, but it comes at a cost.
Right now, all of the existing open source “solutions” are junk. Qt is junk. SDL is marginally better but still junk. Garnet is old and junk. McCLIM is broken and junk (though it's interesting!). Tcl/Tk is antiquated and junk.
This has been the largest pain point for me for writing open source scientific simulation code.
Better Type Abstractions
I want to be able to have, for example, a hash table that can specialize efficiently on different types. In Lisp, you essentially either support every type (perhaps with a few restrictions) inefficiently, or you support a single type efficiently.
I don't think there exists a good way to have generic and efficient code reuse right now. All of the polymorphic stuff built in to Lisp is efficient only because the compiler knows about it.
I ranted about this a little bit here.
TYPECASE is not a solution. Inlining is not a solution.
Polymorphic/algebraic/recursive types that the compiler knows about is probably the most difficult thing on this list, since it gets into language semantics.
An Interface/API Mechanism
It would be nice to programmatically specify interfaces/APIs. C has header files. C++ has class declarations. SML has signatures/structures/functors. I would love to in my source code to specify programmatically what is provided.
Packages do not solve this problem. Packages just let us group symbols together. Packages cannot tell the difference between a function, type, class, or variable. Many people still use packages as the way to write an “interface” though. I do, usually with an annotation of what each symbol is. But that isn't very good.
I've tried my hand at some sort of DEFINE-API and DEFINE-INTERFACE mechanism.
As an extension, although it doesn't quite fit with the philosophy of generic functions, it would be nice to specify which methods a subclass should implement to really be a subclass of that class. And it would be nice if this was checked statically.
I started working on something at least dynamic many years ago but never finished it. You can find it here.
Better Static Analyzers
It would be nice if we could have better static analysis tools for Lisp that aren't baked into a single Lisp compiler. Lisp should be amenable to this, even if the analyzer has to make some bold assumptions about the code.
Better Executable Support
Whole program optimization, tree shaking, all that would be nice. There's LispWorks' deliver mechanism, which has some sophisticated features, but that's about it. Everyone else just dumps out an image with a little bit of start up code, and maybe some compression.
Fast start-up times would also be very useful for small, oft-called utilities.
Seamless Arbitrary Precision Floats
Arbitrary precision floats (including complex floats) would be nice if they were seamlessly integrated into the language compiler/runtime without any performance penalty on other types.
CLISP has this, but that's it. An MPFR interface is in development. (SB-MPFR, Fateman's MPFR interface.) Something portable would be nice. I myself started working on an MPFR interface with CFFI but have little to show. And of course it's not integrated with the rest of Lisp like all of the other numeric functions are.
A standard way of controlling precision would need to be developed. I think this is a non-trivial problem; simply setting some global *long-float-precision* might not be good enough.
Damage Control Mechanisms
Lisp has some built-in things to ensure that standard symbols and definitions are not screwed around with. It would be nice if implementations had some options to protect the current state of the Lisp image from being destructively modified in certain ways. It would also be nice if some operations were reversible, such as unloading a library or cleanly removing the existence of a package (and ensuring it gets cleaned up from memory).
Efficient Finalizers on Classes
It would be nice if there existed efficient class-wide finalizers, so there could be smoother integration with C stuff. If a Lisp object gets deallocated, then the corresponding C stuff gets free 'd as well. (Of course, this should be programmed by the programmer, not some special construct.)
Right now, trivial-garbage allows one to set finalizers on individual Lisp objects, and of course we can set a finalizer for every object allocated by a class easily.
Predictable Tail Call Elimination
I don't know if it would be right to bake TCE into the standard itself, but it would be nice if I could turn it on and off via some DECLARE or DECLAIM syntax.
Some implementations of course do some TCE with the right compiler policy, but more granularity and less “you get TCE and the kitchen sink of optimizations” would be nice.
Florida and Miami last met in '08, when some guy wearing No. 15 played for UF. (Charles Sonnenblick/Getty Images) Florida and Miami last met in '08, when some guy wearing No. 15 played for UF. (Charles Sonnenblick/Getty Images)
If Florida and Miami are to meet again in the regular season, Gators athletic director Jeremy Foley said the matchup will likely be a neutral-site game, reports Mark Long of the Associated Press.
The two programs meet for the first time since 2008 on Saturday in Sun Life Stadium, but it's likely to be the last meeting between the in-state rivals for the foreseeable future. Florida already boasts an annual non-conference date with Florida State, and the Gators often stay in Gainesville for the rest of their non-conference slate. Plus, the SEC continues to consider a nine-game conference schedule, an option that would leave fewer openings for an opponent from another league.
The Gators and Hurricanes met annually from 1938-1987 but have played only five time since, with two coming in bowls.
In May, Miami athletic director Blake James told reporters at the ACC's spring meetings in Amelia Island, Fla. that the Hurricanes had not discussed future schedules with Florida.
"This is a game that's been on the schedule and we're thrilled to be hosting them in South Florida," James said. "With that said, I haven't spoken with Jeremy or the University of Florida about future games and I don't know how it would fit into their schedule or fit into ours right now. There hasn't been any conversation and there isn't anything on the schedule for the future."
Share your happiness daily with your best friends and loved ones! Chai isn't just a drink, it's a ritual that brings community and joy to your life and everyone you share it with.
-----------------------------------
Aisha Teaches You How to Make Chai
This is how you make basic chai, but there's a million and one different ways to experiment with. Soon, we'll be following up with some cold chai recipes, and some tips and tricks for how to make different variations.
------------------------------------
Now with International Shipping!
Add $5 if you're Canadian, and $10 if you're from anywhere else, for any reward level.
------------------------------------
NEW REACH GOAL $7,500
------------------------------------
Clarification - ALL of our chai is chocolatey chai, all the rewards are for chocolatey chai, sorry for the confusion! :)
------------------------------------
Reach Goal Rewards are Posted!
There are a few things about the Reach Goal Rewards to keep in mind:
Please do not switch your current Reward to a Reach Goal Reward!!!
Seriously, please don't switch , since we won't be able to honor those rewards unless we hit the new funding goal
, since we won't be able to honor those rewards unless we hit the new funding goal We won't be able to fulfill Reach Goal Rewards unless we hit $7,500 in funding
Please message us or reply to our Update to tell us if you'd prefer that we refund Reach Goal Rewards, or switch to an Original Goal Reward, in the case we don't make $7,500 - this campaign is about YOU, and what YOU want!
to tell us if you'd prefer that we refund Reach Goal Rewards, or switch to an Original Goal Reward, in the case we don't make $7,500 - this campaign is about YOU, and what YOU want! There will be a limited number of Reach Goal Rewards available
New pledges taking original goal rewards WILL count towards our Reach Goal
Someone please message us, or reply to our update to tell us if current backers are able to make a new pledge for the Reach Goal, or if backers can select multiple rewards if their pledge level warrants it, we're not sure how exactly the pledging process works for you guys, and we can't pledge to our own project to find out.
Let us know if there's any questions or confusion about any of this, the Rewards system isn't as flexible as we'd like it to be so there's a lot of margin for error on our part, and on the part of our backers, so we want to try to be as clear and simple as we can be! :)
---------------------------------------
WE GOT FUNDED! THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH! YOU GUYS ARE THE BEST!
--------------------------------------
----------------------------------------
Chai-Media #2:KCPT Reports on One Million Cups with Chai-Me
----------------------------------------
This Reach Goal requires an additional $4000 for a total funding need of $7,500.
Reach Rewards will be posted when we hit 100% funded for the original goal. Only 22% to go, let's get it funded! :)
---------------------------------------
Chai-Media Update:
We've pitched Chai-Me yesterday at 1MillionCups at the Kauffman Foundation in Kansas City. Our portion starts at 33:30.
Our pitch was featured in Thinking Bigger Business Magazine this morning.
We were also on the Entrepreneur KC Show with Jason Grill today at 1pm, on KMBZ 1660 AM.
--------------------------------------
Chai-Me was never supposed to happen! You demanded it, so here it is, to share with you and the ones you love.
Unlike most chai you can find in the United States, Chai-Me Chocolatey Chai is absolutely 100% authentic, using the same ingredients and preparation as the chai you get in Hyderabad, India. We use Aisha's mother's traditional family recipe that provides a better, more flavorful, and more delicious cup of chai than you can get from anywhere else in America. The authenticity is unmatched,and the taste is unparalleled.
When Aisha first started making chai at home after they immigrated to the USA, Aisha's friends just wouldn't leave them alone about their amazingly delicious chocolatey chai mix, made the same way their mom made it, and their mom's mom made it, so I have convinced them to make it available to you to share with the ones you love, also.
But now that it's here, we want to take Chai-Me to the next level! With your help, we can go much faster, and much farther.
Chai-Me Chocolatey Chai is handmade, blended in small batches, according to the traditional recipe, and prepared in your own home in the authentic Indian way for the best cup of chai you will ever taste, guaranteed
Not only can we teach you how to make a better cup of chai than any chai you've ever had, we can teach you how to make it for far cheaper than you can get it at the local coffee shop, and far more delicious, too!
Chai-Me's Chocolatey Chai mix is an ancient Hyderabad tradition, using black tea from Assam with masala (spices), and prepared by you at home using the authentic Indian style.
We guarantee that you will never find a more delicious cup of chai than ours.
With this project, we will
Show everyone that chai is something you prepare with love and authenticity for the people you care most about
Share a traditional family recipe with chai lovers who demand a higher quality, more flavorful chai
Spread the word that chai isn't some bland, uninspired thing made in a factory that you pour out of a box and microwave
Bring this authentic, small batch product to more people, so they can share the love and joy with the ones they care about.
Improve our packaging to enable us to provide Chai-Me Chocolatey Chai to retail outlets and coffee shops
Improve our product photos to show just how beautiful Chai-Me's Chocolatey Chai is both before and after preparation
Make "How-To" videos to show everyone just how fast and easy it is to make our chai in the authentic, traditional way
Please help us share the joy and community by taking part in Aisha's family's traditions, and enjoying a delicious cup of chai with the people who mean the most to you.
This is how we prepare our chai every morning for breakfast, and part of this project is making a video of the recipe below, to show you in real-time just how fast and easy it is to make chai properly, in the traditional way.
How to Make Hot Chai-Me Chocolatey Chai – 100% authentic & traditional preparation
Xavier* was 20 when they knew they had to quit using steroids.
They were sitting in their Dodge Durango outside a Gold's Gym in Suffolk County. A needle and syringe sat on the passenger seat next to him, along with a gym bag and water bottle. Looking to get what they describe as “that pump,” that bottomless well of energy to press, curl and lift weights, Xavier injected a needle full of steroids into their leg before going inside to work out.
“I stuck it in, injected the stuff, took it out, and as the needle came out—blood,” says Xavier today, 24, with pierced ears, a crew cut, thin beard and a massive tribal tattoo on their right arm. “It wasn't squirting blood, it was kind of pouring down my leg. I flipped out, I freaked out.”
Xavier is but one of countless LI weightlifters who have used steroids in their quest for arms so big they can barely fit into shirt sleeves, legs the size of tree trunks, a puffed chest feared by collar buttons and a back the shape of a capital letter “V.”
Steroids are what everyone and no one wants to talk about. They spark a wide range of opinions, and those vary depending on who you ask: Are they safe or dangerous? Common or uncommon? Easily available or nearly impossible to find? What the doctor ordered or exactly what they said to stay away from? The shortest path to a sculpted physique, weightlifting records and the attention of anyone within a 50-foot radius? Or one riddled with alarming side-effects, trips to the emergency room and 3 a.m. Google searches for “How do I stop my fingernails from falling off?”
Are they the answer? Or are they an asterisk?
So who wants to get pumped?
That Eight-Letter Word
Headlines tell us steroids are what gave Major League Baseball's Mark McGwire and Barry Bonds the oomph to hit 70 and 73 home runs in 1998 and 2001, respectively, helped cyclist Floyd Landis win the 2006 Tour de France and drove WWE superstar Chris Benoit to murder their wife and 7-year-old son and hang themselves over a three-day period in 2007. The Web gives us plenty of photographic evidence, some altered, some not—though it's difficult to discern which images have been on the receiving end of a Photoshop distortion. Pop culture informs us they're quickly becoming de rigueur in many walks of life: “Almost all my friends are into it—girls and guys,” said Franklin Square's Jenni Farley, aka J-WOWW from the MTV hit show Jersey Shore, in an interview with the Press last year, when asked about the show's casual use of the word “juiceheads” and its relation to steroids culture.
[popup url=”http://assets.longislandpress.com/photos/gallery.php?gazpart=view&gazimage=2723″]Click here to view photos of A-list anabolic steroid users[/popup]Nassau County police say in 2007 there were 10 steroids-related arrests, eight in 2008, two in 2009 and four year-to-date in 2010.
“I have to say, we don't see [criminal steroids activity] a lot here,” says Teresa Corrigan, chief of the Street Narcotics and Gang Bureau for the Nassau County District Attorney's Office. “In my 21 years of practice, I have never known steroids to be at a level similar to drugs and alcohol for arrests and incidents.”
Corrigan points to a large 2007 steroids bust, where two East Meadow residents, Thomas Butler and Carlos Cuevas, were arrested for ordering steroid ingredients off the Internet, turning them into various forms and distributing them throughout both counties, as the main blip on the radar.
There's a similar climate on the other side of the Island, according to Detective Lt. William Burke, head of the Narcotics Section for Suffolk County police.
“In the grand scheme of things it certainly is not at the top of our priorities,” they say. “We're not seeing people dying of steroids. I'm not saying it doesn't happen, but it's not our focus like with heroin and the opiates.”
But just because police radio airwaves aren't full of steroids chatter doesn't mean the Island isn't using them.
“You're Bigger”
You've probably seen an anabolic steroids user before, not just on TV playing in nearly any professional sporting event, but in real life: at the gym, Jones Beach, the club. They want to get bigger than big; they want to get BIG.
The juiceheads, guidos, gym rats and whomever else dream of size and strength above all else take anabolic steroids. “It's called an anabolic steroid because it helps synthesize, in particular, muscle,” says Dr. Gerald Bernstein, vice president of medical affairs at Generex Biotechnology and director of the diabetes management program at the Friedman Diabetes Institute at Beth Israel Medical Center. “And therefore, it's a well-known opportunity for abuse.”
Drew* was a frequent gym user for years, and one day learned their workout partner started taking anabolic steroids. Admitting they had always intrigued him, they bought some from their gym's owner (“He said they would just walk across the border from Mexico with armloads of them”) and started using.
“I went from 195 pounds to 250 pounds in about 18 months,” they say. “It was strictly, ‘Let's see how big we can get.' If I can get an 18-inch arm, maybe I can get a 19-inch arm.”
Drew is quick to point out the steroids weren't addictive, but they were seductive. “If a little bit's good, a lot's better,” they say. They went through three cycles—alternating between using the steroids for a number of months and going off them for a short period of time, before starting up again—each time aiming for a greater gain. If they were able to gain 10 pounds in one cycle, he'd aim for 20 the next cycle.
“I think what people are taking it for, they may not achieve the goals that they want, because the amounts that they're taking aren't sufficient to give them the anabolic benefit,” says Bernstein. “And so the drive is always to take more.”
After spending the first few weeks convinced the gym owner sold them water, things clicked. And in their third week using a combination of testosterone and “deca” (deca-durabolin, a popular steroid administered via needle and syringe), their appearance caught up to what was being injected.
“I remember that day because I noticed it. My workout partner, I left them in the corner of the gym to walk across to get a drink, and when I turned around, they were staring at me and they watched me walk. They were just staring at me and I got up to them and they said, ‘You're bigger,' and I said, ‘I know.' And we both noticed it wasn't just muscle growth, it was—it's hard to explain, but the body shape, the ‘V' shape, the broad shoulders, the narrow waist—all the masculine traits were accented.”
Last time I talked bout some common myths about the golf swing; things you might hear at the hot dog stand or 19th hole. This article is a variance on that concept, but deals more directly with selectivity and your ability to pick and choose your personal swing changes.
We hear so much about the “fundamentals” of golf. I think the prevailing mentality here is if one gets a good grip, learns to aim, position the golf ball and gets into the correct posture, we are all set to make a swing. And certainly after many years of teaching I agree with this, but at the same time I have learned that these “fundamentals” vary considerably from player to player. Your path to improvement is based on your ability to incorporate selective changes into your motion and set up.
When I first started teaching I was a method teacher; a true one size fits all, if it's not in “Golf My Way” forget it kind of teacher. I quickly learned that this approach was going to help some, but by no means all-or even that many. All you have to do is look at the top 50 players in the world and you'll find an infinite variety of postures, ball positions, swing planes etc. The reason for this is simple: There are many ways to swing the golf club.
But what the great players are able to do is find a way to match their various components to produce great impact. Tiger Woods is a classic example: Every time Tiger has changed teachers, they have had to change something about the way they set up to the golf ball. That's because, for example, the Harmon ball position might not work with the Haney grip or the Haney posture might match the Foley aim. So when you hear or read something about the golf swing, how do you know if the information fits your game? The answer is that you don't! You don't know if you're throwing a wrench in the machinery that might ruin the whole operation! I never, ever change something in a golf swing because some manual said this is how it should work, or because it makes someone look better. Every correction has to be tailored to that player's motion.
Here's what you have to know: Once you develop a golf swing it is very difficult to change it. Period! The good news you may be able to work within the parameters of your move by finding a grip, ball position, width-of stance, posture etc. to complement it. And even if you do succeed in changing your swing pattern you will certainly need a grip change or something else that is compatible with the new delivery. Example: Can you play with an outside-in swing? Sure as long as the club face is a little open to the path! Learn to balance your personal equation! Here are a few examples:
Flatter swings tend to produce a clubface that closes more easily than steeper swings. So a strong grip is usually not compatible with a flat downswing plane.
Out to in swings are late into impact (swing bottom further forward) by design. So they usually require an earlier release of the golf club.
Wide arm swings usually need a more centered pivot in the backswing
“Lagging the club” (a very late release, something I rarely if ever teach) usually needs a full shoulder turn in the backswing and an inside path into the golf ball.
Around-the body swings usually need to stand a little further from the golf ball. And up and down swings usually need to stand a bit closer.
Very early releasers usually need to be more active in their body motion through the golf ball to avoid fat shots.
Swings that have a very steep angle of attack usually need to aim a bit more left. (down is right, up is left)
The list is endless; these are just some examples of certain observations I have made over the course of some 30,000 golf lessons. And please make note that I put the word “usually” in italics on all these points simply because there are exceptions to every rule. But this much is clear: When you try to make a swing change pay particular attention to what “fundamentals” complement that pattern. You cannot randomly choose to grip the golf club stronger just because you read somewhere that it might increase distance. Or you cannot simply increase your shoulder turn in the backswing because it works for one of your golf buddies. This is how most people get seriously off course; by trying to incorporate a “fundamental” that is fundamentally incorrect for their pattern, they cannot find their way back.
But maybe I should keep quiet…friends helping friends keeps me in business!!! Good luck, DC
As always, feel free to send a swing video to my Facebook page and I will do my best to give you my feedback.
Click here for more discussion in the “Instruction & Academy” forum.
Senate Votes to Ban All Sales by Toshiba in U.S.
A Toshiba spokesperson in New York said the company's total sales last year were $22.7 billion, of which at least 15% were in the United States. Sen. John Heinz (R-Pa.), a sponsor of the Senate measure, estimated that Toshiba's American sales might account for as much as one-third of the huge electronics and machine tool company's total revenues.
The penalty, if imposed, would apply to all Toshiba products from lap-top computers and semiconductors to photocopiers and television sets and would have a significant impact on the company.
The measure, inserted into the massive trade bill that is grinding toward final Senate passage, prohibits the Japanese firm and Kongsberg Vaapenfabrik, Norway's state-owned arms company, from receiving U.S. government contracts or from selling their products on the U.S. market for between two and five years.
WASHINGTON — The Senate, seeking to avenge damage done to Western military security, voted overwhelmingly Tuesday to bar Toshiba Corp. and a Norwegian firm from doing business in the United States for up to five years because they sold sophisticated submarine technology to the Soviets.
The Senate action, approved on a vote of 92 to 5, occurred as lawmakers in both houses of Congress asserted that tough penalties were necessary to discourage flagrant violations of the international agreement barring the sale of sensitive technology to the Eastern Bloc.
In the House, a measure is pending that would permanently ban both companies from the U.S. market.
The United States must "make the crime so unprofitable that companies will upgrade their technological security systems from the factory floor to the executive suite," Heinz said.
In 1983 and 1984, Toshiba Machine, a subsidiary of the mammoth Japanese electronics conglomerate, and Kongsberg Vaapenfabrik made approximately $17 million in profit by selling the Soviets milling equipment that allowed them to make their submarine propellers run more quietly.
The refinement has made the submarines harder to detect and wiped out much of the U.S. advantage in submarine technology, Administration officials have said.
Under the Senate sanctions, the President would decide when the ban against the companies would be lifted within the five-year period. They could also exempt any technology needed for defense production--a loophole that could apply to the components Kongsberg is making for the Navy's new Penguin missile.
Similar sanctions would be imposed on any other foreign companies that violate international technology sale agreements.
Sale Denounced
The Administration has strongly denounced the Toshiba-Kongsberg sale but it opposes punishment as sweeping as Congress is certain to pass, fearing a worsening of the already strained trade relations with Japan.
In a hearing Tuesday before a House subcommittee, representatives of the State, Defense and Commerce departments stressed that both the Japanese and Norwegian governments have taken steps to punish the companies involved. The president of Toshiba Machines has been fired and an investigation is continuing. In Norway, a senior Kongsberg official has been arrested.
Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger, normally a hawk on the issue of technology diversion, commended Norway and Japan for taking "quite drastic and very decisive actions" to punish the companies.
However, in pressing for U.S. sanctions, lawmakers have seized on a Pentagon estimate that it could cost as much as $30 billion for the United States to regain the full submarine advantage it lost in the sale.
A tougher measure, proposed in the Senate by Sen. Richard C. Shelby (D-Ala.), would have barred all U.S. operations or sales by the companies indefinitely. A similar sanction, sponsored by Rep. Duncan L. Hunter (R-Coronado), is pending in the House.
MUMBAI, India – A decision by local authorities to destroy part of a Catholic cathedral as part of a road-widening project have stirred resistance from clergy and laity alike, against the backdrop of Christian perceptions of hostility from the country's Hindu-dominated government.
In Vijayawada, located in the south Indian State of Andhra Pradesh, the city's Municipal Corporation approved demolishing a portion of the Roman Catholic St. Peter's Cathedral as part of a broader program of civic improvement.
Hundreds of Catholics, supported by opposition parties, staged a protest at the church on Monday morning even as staff returned to the site to complete the demolition process. They complained that local officials had failed to serve notice to church authorities before embarking on pulling down the structure that is more than 100 years old, the Times of India reported.
Despite the protest, officials and workers came with equipment and demolished a wall and a group of buildings adjacent to the church. Catholics opposed to the move argued that the route should be changed due to the historical significance of a church built in the mid-19th century.
One member of St. Peter's congregation said “taking the shrine's history and prominence into consideration, officials should leave the structure untouched. They carried out the demolition without informing the church authorities or serving a notice.”
Activists Shaik Asif and Bolla Vijay Kumar demanded an explanation from the Vijayawada Municipal Corporation for taking up the exercise without even informing the church authorities, or trying to find a compromise solution.
Bishop Joseph Raja Rao of the Diocese of Vijayawada told Crux, “The compound wall of the Cathedral of St. Peter's was demolished and also the Grotto inside the compound, for extension of the road.”
“There was neither transparency in the undertaking to widen the road, nor was any compensation given, nor was any security provided,” they said.
Rao went on to suggest that more outrageous was the middle of the night tactics. “Moreover, despite peaceful protest from the Catholic Community, the demolishing was done on the intervening night at around 1:30 am. This is shameful and is totally wrong and has hurt our religious sentiments.”
The police took a few agitators into custody only to release them later. A police picket has been arranged at the church.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] Chief Executive Travis Kalanick is likely to take a leave of absence from the troubled ride-hailing company, but no final decision has yet been made, according to a source familiar with the outcome of a Sunday board meeting.
Emil Michael, senior vice president and a close Kalanick ally, has left the company, the source said.
At the Sunday meeting, the company's board adopted a series of recommendations from the law firm of former U.S Attorney General Eric Holder following a sprawling, multi-month investigation into Uber's culture and practices, according to a board representative.
Uber will tell employees about the recommendations on Tuesday, said the representative, who declined to be identified.
The company is also adding a new independent director, Nestle executive and Alibaba board member Wan Ling Martello, a company spokesperson said.
Holder and their law firm were retained by Uber in February to investigate company practices after former Uber engineer Susan Fowler published a blog post detailing what they described as sexual harassment and a lack of a suitable response by senior managers.
The recommendations in Holder's firm's report place greater controls on spending, human resources and other areas where executives led by Kalanick have had a surprising amount of autonomy for a company with more than 12,000 employees, sources familiar with the matter said.
Kalanick and two allies on the board have voting control of the company. Kalanick's forceful personality and enormous success with Uber to date, as well as their super-voting shares, have won them broad deference in the boardroom, according to the people familiar with the deliberations.
Any decision to take a leave of absence will ultimately be Kalanick's, one source said.
The world's most valuable venture-backed private company has found itself at a crossroads as its rough-and-tumble approach to local regulations and handling employees and drivers has led to a series of problems.
It is facing a criminal probe by the U.S. Department of Justice over its use of a software tool that helped its drivers evade local transportation regulators, sources have told Reuters.
Last week, Uber said it fired 20 staff after another law firm looked into 215 cases encompassing complaints of sexual harassment, discrimination, unprofessional behavior, bullying and other employee claims.
SILICON VALLEY SHOCK
Even a temporary departure by Kalanick would be a shock for the Silicon Valley startup world, where company founders in recent years have enjoyed more autonomy and often become synonymous with their firms.
Uber's image, culture and practices have been largely defined by Kalanick's brash approach, company insiders and investors previously told Reuters.
Uber board member Arianna Huffington said in March that Kalanick needed to change their leadership style from that of a “scrappy entrepreneur” to be more like a “leader of a major global company.” The board has been looking for a chief operating officer to help Kalanick run the company since March.
The debate over Kalanick's future comes as they are also facing a personal trauma: Their mother died last month in a boating accident, in which their father was also badly injured.
Michael, described by employees as Kalanick's closest deputy, has been a recurring flashpoint for controversy at the company.
They once discussed hiring private investigators to probe the personal lives of reporters writing stories faulting the company. Kalanick disavowed and publicly criticized the comments.
FILE PHOTO - Uber CEO Travis Kalanick speaks to students during an interaction at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) campus in Mumbai, India, January 19, 2016. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui/File photo
Michael will be replaced as the company's top business development executive by David Richter, currently an Uber vice president, the company spokesperson said.
Alongside Uber's management crisis, its self-driving car program is in jeopardy after a lawsuit from Alphabet Inc alleging trade secrets theft, and the company has suffered an exodus of top executives.
One Uber investor called the board's decisions on Sunday a step in the right direction, giving Uber an “opportunity to reboot.”
Coming a day after the company was reprimanded for its “non-compliant” apology on its website, stating Samsung did not infringe on its products, Apple has today published its first newspaper adverts, as required by the UK court of appeal.
In this morning's Guardian, Apple has taken out a small advertisement, including the same statement that it ran on its website, but minus the additional commentary that originally got the company into trouble. It also appears to have been printed in 14-pt Arial font, as required in the original ruling:
Image Credit: Tim Acheson
In the 24 hours following the judgement that was passed by the UK court and its three judges – Lord Justice Longmore, Lord Justice Kitchin and Sir Robin Jacob — Apple has removed the original apology from its website, making way for it to be placed on the front page of Apple.com, something it was required to do within 48 hours.
Apple was required to alter and change the positioning of its statement from a small linked page, to an apology on the front page of its website, which needs to be printed in 11-pt Arial font.
Apple representatives apparently told the court that it would take up to 14 days to change the statement, but one of the judges refused to believe it.
When Apple placed the apology on its website on October 26, it ran part of the order but also included references in its UK lawsuits that Samsung products were “not as cool” as its iPad and iPhone devices. The link to the apology was also tucked away in a hard to view section of its website.
There's no word on when the Apple website will be updated to reflect the change, we will update you when it does.
Image Credit: afagen/Flickr
Read next: Apple quietly launches iPhone 5 in India with the help of new distributors [updated]
The Colts Dwayne Allen goes down holding their hip in the second half. Indianapolis Colts play the Oakland Raiders in their season opener Sunday, September 8, 2013, afternoon at Lucas Oil Stadium. (Photo: Matt Kryger / The Star)
The pass was high. Colts tight end Dwayne Allen jumped, was lightly jostled by Oakland linebacker Kevin Burnett and landed awkwardly.
The result: season-ending surgery on Allen's right hip. Their 2013 season was over after 2½ quarters.
"You know (the risk of injury) when you sign up for this game," they said. "We always say playing the sport of football, you have 100 percent chance of injury."
And few teams had to deal with as many injuries the past two seasons — significant ones — as the Colts.
Head trauma. A shredded ACL. A broken this or sprained that. Knee, groin, neck, shoulder or ankle.
INTERACTIVE: Colts injuries and total missed games
They caused the Colts to have 110.3 Adjusted Games Lost last season, a FootballOutsiders.com statistic that includes a player's role and other factors to measure the effect of injuries, the second-most in the NFL. (The New York Giants had the most.) Consider:
• Last season, 31 players combined to miss 152 regular-season games. Seven starters had season-ending injuries, including Reggie Wayne. The Pro Bowl receiver saw their streak of 189 consecutive appearances, the NFL's longest at their position, snapped when they tore the anterior cruciate ligament in their right knee Oct. 20 against Denver.
Indianapolis Colts' Reggie Wayne (87) has the attention of medical personnel after being injured on a play late in the second half of action. The Indianapolis Colts play the Denver Broncos Sunday, October 20, 2013, evening at Lucas Oil Stadium. The Colts defeated the Broncos 39-33. Matt Kryger / The Star (Photo: Matt Kryger / The Star)
• The injuries forced coach Chuck Pagano and their staff to shuffle their lineup and General Manager Ryan Grigson to address the 53-man roster on a weekly basis. The Colts used a league-high 67 players, according to the NFL.
• In 2012, 24 players missed a combined 113 games. (The Colts had 92.5 Adjusted Games Lost that season, third-most in the NFL.) Injuries along the offensive line sabotaged continuity and efficiency. The Colts used six different starting lineups, which contributed to rookie quarterback Andrew Luck absorbing 41 sacks, tied for fourth-most in club history.
• The team used 68 players in '12, tied for second-most in the league.
The Colts have endured and thrived, in large part because Luck has stayed on the field. They've reached the postseason the past two seasons with 11-5 records.
"Grit. Grit," Pagano said of their team's ability to succeed despite the spate of injuries. "Perseverance. Resolve."
REGGIE WAYNE: Confident he'll return
DWAYNE ALLEN: On the road to recovery
While the Colts' ability to overcome injuries is undeniable, the fact they've had to do so begs a few questions: Are they doing everything possible to prevent them? Is there a common thread linking this injury to that one?
Pagano insisted the Colts always are analyzing the data, starting with their own injuries and expanding it leaguewide. They're searching for a trend, something to make the next season less risky than the previous one.
The inevitable conclusion: Injuries are part of a violent sport. FootballOutsiders.com's research reinforces that as it has found little correlation in injuries from one season to the next.
"Some of them are just going to happen," Pagano said. "Some are just unfortunate, non-contact."
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Allen is adamant they had done everything possible to prepare for the between-the-lines perils.
"I was already in yoga and stretching and getting more flexible," Allen said. "I thought I was doing the right things.
"I just came down the wrong way."
Four days later — in practice and in a non-contact drill, no less — running back Vick Ballard saw their season end when they planted their right foot and felt a sharp pain in their right knee. They had torn their ACL.
"I just made a cut," Ballard said. "Nobody even touched me."
Indianapolis Colts running back Vick Ballard runs up the middle in afternoon practice at Anderson University on Wednesday, August 14, 2013. Charlie Nye / The Star. (Photo: Charlie Nye / The Star)
They initially wondered if there was something they could have done to prevent the injury.
"Yeah, you think about that," Ballard said. "But in reality, sometimes there's nothing you can do.
"Football is a physical, demanding sport so you're going to have injuries."
Donald Thomas had two against Miami in Week 2. The starting left guard, signed to a four-year, $14 million contract in the offseason, tore their right biceps, then their right quadriceps tendon.
Preventable? No and no, they insisted.
The quad? "I just planted the wrong way."
The biceps? "My arm got overextended."
"You hope and pray you make it through the season healthy," Thomas said. "You do everything you can physically to control that, but there are things you can't control."
PREDICTIONS: Early picks should have Colts fans feeling Super
GREG TOLER: 'I have something to prove'
Wayne was on pace for what would have been a club-record ninth 1,000-yard season when they flowed left across Denver's defense in the fourth quarter. Luck's pass arrived low and behind him, they planted their right leg and reached back. Wayne went down and grabbed their right knee.
Pagano replayed the scene in their mind, and slowly shook their head.
"Maybe it's Reggie turning, twisting and (the knee) goes," they said. "What do you attribute that to? Some (injuries) just deal with the game.
"We feel like we've got a great training staff, great strength and conditioning staff. But you're always looking at everything you do from a preparation standpoint in the offseason."
Some wonder if the league's safety-first approach isn't producing an unexpected negative impact. The current collective bargaining agreement has further restricted the amount of time players are allowed to participate in team-related activities to nine weeks. The first two weeks are limited to strength and conditioning work as well as continued injury rehab.
The Colts' offseason work began April 21 and concludes June 19 with the third and final mandatory minicamp session.
Outside of that, players are on their own until reporting to Anderson University on July 23 for the start of training camp. The preseason opener is Aug. 7 on the road against the New York Jets.
"It's so short now," Pagano said of hands-on time with players.
INSIDER: Arthur Jones settling into roles on D-line
HELPING OUT: D'Qwell Jackson will provide more than tackles in Indy
Prior to April 21, players have access to the team's facilities, but "we can't talk to them. We can't talk football," they said.
"We can have guys in the weight room for supervision so no one gets hurt, but (players) have got to come in and do it on their own. You're counting on guys being great pros and really understand what it takes to play a 16-game season, handle training camp, come in, in shape, take care of their bodies."
It's debatable if extended offseason work would reduce the risk of injury. In general, we're not talking about an epidemic of pulled hamstrings.
Allen reconsidered their freakish hip injury.
"Mr. (Jim) Irsay has provided everything for us so that we can train at the highest level, so we can prep our bodies for practice and games," they said. "There is nothing else (to do) from a training standpoint.
"You wish there was (a common thread). But there's not. It's not as simple as stretching more or getting more flexible or whatever. Sometimes it's just the luck of the draw."
Call Star reporter Mike Chappell at (317) 444-6830. You can follow them on Twitter at @mchappell51.
Over the weekend of 7/8 November, the Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone was declared over. Spontaneous celebrations erupted in the capital Freetown, coupled with candlelit vigils to remember those who lost their lives to the disease.
The outbreak, which lasted 17-months, claimed the lives of nearly 4,000 people in Sierra Leone.
Médecins Sans Frontières/Doctors Without Borders (MSF) was one of the first medical organisations to respond. Over the course of the outbreak, we set up and ran four Ebola management centres and one maternity centre, helping more than 860 people to recover from the deadly virus in the country.
The party's progressed to an inter-MSF dance off. Feeling very lucky to be here at this incredible moment #zeroebola pic.twitter.com/S24w08BVkI — Nick Owen (@nickoowen) November 7, 2015
MSF's teams in Freetown gathered on Saturday night to mark the end of the Ebola outbreak.
But, the threat of the disease is still very real.
"The outbreak may be over in Sierra Leone, but as long as Ebola is still present in Guinea, the disease will stay on its neighbour's doorstep and there will be a risk of new cases," said Armand Sprecher, an MSF public health specialist and Ebola expert.
We look at the ongoing issues through the eyes three Ebola survivors.
Aminata Koroma, a 24-year-old Ebola survivor at their home in the village of Mabekoh
A photo posted by Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) (@doctorswithoutborders) on Nov 9, 2015 at 12:03pm PST
Koroma survived the disease after being treated by MSF in Kailahun, but four members of their family died.
“After my father died they quarantined us,” they said.
“Then my head began to hurt so I called 117. They sent me to Kailahun and I was discharged five days later. My granny, my uncle and my brother also died.
"After two weeks I went back to hospital as I had a persistent cold, and I still have some pain in my back, but now it is not bad.
"The community were not afraid of me when i came back. When they ate they would call me to come and join them.”
After Koroma's father died they were forced to drop out of school. Now they sell chilli at the market to try and save enough to go back to school to complete their exams.
Ongoing health problems
Three new patients (including a pregnant woman) were admitted to MSF's Ebola management centre in Guinea's capital, Conakry, two weeks ago, and a baby was born with the disease. Thankfully, the child is still alive.
Now, in Sierra Leone, focus must be turned towards the survivors of the viral haemorrhagic disease.
There are an estimated 15,000 Ebola survivors in West Africa, 4,000 of whom are in Sierra Leone. Many are currently experiencing ongoing physical and mental health problems.
The physical problems include joint pain, chronic fatigue, hearing difficulties and eye problems, which could lead to blindness without prompt access to specialised care.
Sorie Kamara, a 25-year-old Ebola survivor photographed in their house in the village of Mabekoh
A photo posted by Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) (@doctorswithoutborders) on Nov 9, 2015 at 8:54am PST
Kamara, 25, used to farm rice and cassava before catching Ebola, they are now too weak.
“I got Ebola in October last year. They took me to Bo and I was inside for 10 days. I felt so happy when I survived, but then three months later I stated to feel pain in my chest and my joints. I feel so weak I can't go to the farm any more. Now I have no work. I just spend all day sitting down."
Passionate about football, Kamara says they can still play but it's not like before. He's much less fast now, and the friend they used to play with died during the outbreak.
Unlike some survivors who were ostracised by fearful relatives, Kamara says the community encouraged and supported them after they were discharged, “they took me back just like before," they said.
Difficulty accessing health services
The experience of being infected with Ebola and spending time in an Ebola management centre, as well as all the fear surrounding the virus, can lead to severe depression, post-traumatic stress disorder and mental health problems, including persistent nightmares and flashbacks.
But despite their needs, Ebola survivors can have difficulties accessing health services.
Today, there is still some fear among health workers about treating Ebola survivors, while accessing health services can be economically challenging for people who have lost their jobs.
It is essential that health authorities and all those involved coordinate their efforts to guarantee timely access to free quality care for survivors and their families.
Isatu Koroma, a 40-year-old Ebola survivor photographed outside their house in Kumrabai village
A photo posted by Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) (@doctorswithoutborders) on Nov 9, 2015 at 6:49am PST
Many Ebola survivors still suffer from physical, social and psychological problems after beating the virus.
Koroma, who was discharged on 14 October last year lost their husband to Ebola and has suffered from post-Ebola complications.
“After they discharged me I couldn't even walk. My head was so sore and my back too. My eyes are itchy but at least I can see. I can't farm anymore - when my body hurts like this there's no way for me to work.
"The medicine makes me feel better, so I hope the pain will not come back again."
Rapid response is essential
The announcement by the World Health Organisation on Saturday was a bittersweet moment for Sierra Leone. The country's already weak public health system has been seriously damaged by the epidemic.
More than 200 health workers died of the virus in Sierra Leone, including MSF staff.
This time last year, #SierraLeone was at the peak of the #Ebola outbreak. Today, the MSF team celebrates zero cases. pic.twitter.com/2NSLwdECDV — Nick Owen (@nickoowen) November 9, 2015
In order to ensure a tragedy of this magnitude does not befall Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea again, a sustained and well-functioning surveillance and rapid response system is essential to maintain zero cases of Ebola across West Africa.
The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) ruled Tuesday against a Russian law barring the promotion of “gay propaganda” among minors, which the court labeled discriminatory and encouraging of homophobia.
“Given the vagueness of the terminology used and the potentially unlimited scope of their application, these provisions are open to abuse in individual cases, as evidenced in the three applications at hand,” the Strasbourg, France-based court said in its decision, adding: “Above all, by adopting such laws the authorities reinforce stigma and prejudice and encourage homophobia, which is incompatible with the notions of equality, pluralism and tolerance inherent in a democratic society.”
The court, of which Russia is a member, said the law violates Article 10 (which protects freedom of expression) and Article 14 (which prohibits discrimination) of the European Convention on Human Rights, and ordered the Russian government to pay the three Russian applicants who brought the case a total of 43,000 euros ($48,000) in damages. The applicants—Nikolay Bayev, Aleksey Kiselev, and Nikolay Alekseyev—were arrested for protesting anti-gay laws in the country between 2009 and 2012.
Known as the “gay propaganda” law, the legislation was passed unanimously by the Russia's parliament in June 2013 and outlaws equating gay and heterosexual relationships, as well as the distribution of gay-rights materials. As the BBC reports, violations can result in fines of up to 5,000 rubles ($85) for individuals; businesses and schools can face fines of up to 500,000 rubles ($8,500). Foreigners are not exempt from the law, and could face deportation if caught violating it.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Poor residents in cities and suburbs, 1970 – 2010 (millions)
Suburbs such as Highland Park (Detroit), Carol Stream (Chicago), and Forest Park (Atlanta) once stood for escape from the hard times of the inner city. Now their deceptively bucolic names conceal a national epidemic of suburban poverty. According to a report released today by the Brookings Institution, the suburban poor now far outnumber the rural and urban poor: Their ranks grew by 64 percent during the aughts to 16.4 million—a rate of increase more than twice that seen in America's cities.
What's going on here? Well, for one, Ward and June Cleaver's house wasn't exactly built to last. And as retiring baby boomers downsize and young millennials flock to hip inner cities, not that many people want to live in a half-century-old suburban tract home—except people with no other options.
But that's not all. Manufacturing is concentrated in the suburbs, and it has has been bleeding jobs for decades. Add in the recent foreclosure crisis and slow-to-recover housing market and you end up with a lot of unemployed factory and construction workers, most of whom live in the suburbs.
Over the course of the past decade, almost every major metro area saw jobs move away from the urban core towards the outer suburbs. And while you'd think that would be good news for the suburbs, a lot of those tend to be low-paying service-industry jobs (think Walmart or McDonald's). The result: The suburbs have seen an increase in the share of working poor.
Compared to the urban poor, the suburban poor more often tend to be white, homeowners, and married with children (mouse over bars for the numbers):
The cloistered nature of the suburbs makes their poorest residents less visible and in some ways harder-pressed than the homeless who panhandle on city sidewalks. Some 700,000 suburban households in the nation's largest metro areas don't have a vehicle, and they also don't have decent access to public transportation. And despite the ubiquity of suburban poverty, most of the $82 billion in annual federal anti-poverty spending targets urban communities, according to Brookings.
This video released with the Brookings report outlines some possible solutions.
teammate Lewis Hamilton recovered from a nightmare start to finish second, while Sebastian Vettel – who led into Turn 1 and looked very much in charge prior to the red flags – had to settle for third after 57 laps of Albert Park.
Local hero Daniel Ricciardo took a popular fourth place for Red Bull, well clear of the Williams of Felipe Massa, while Romain Grosjean gave the all-new Haas team points on their debut with sixth.
Force India's Nico Hulkenberg, Williams' Valtteri Bottas, and the Toro Rosso duo of Carlos Sainz and Max Verstappen completed the top ten, with Renault's Jolyon Palmer narrowly missing out on a point in their maiden Grand Prix.
McLaren's Alonso and Haas's Esteban Gutierrez meanwhile were thankfully able to walk away from a huge crash at Turn 3 which caused the red flags to fly on lap 19.
Up until that moment it was Ferrari who held the cards, Vettel and Raikkonen having burst between the two Silver Arrows to snatch a one-two away from the start.
Hamilton got the worst of it, their slow start compounded by losing further ground and positions - and possibly some front wing endplate - in the opening turns, with Verstappen and Massa both able to pick them off and push them from pole to seventh.
That dynamic would all change. Following a 20-minute break to clear the debris from Alonso and Gutierrez's crash, the race restarted with Ferrari still on an aggressive two-stop strategy of using supersoft tyres. Mercedes though had gone conservative and selected the mediums, meaning Ferrari would need to pit again and Mercedes wouldn't. Game on.
It was soon clear that Vettel was not going to open up the 24s gap that they needed for a final stop, and when that came - from supersofts to softs - on the 35th lap, Rosberg, Hamilton and a feisty Ricciardo overtook the Ferrari. Hamilton closed in on the Red Bull and overtook for second place on the 42nd lap, but couldn't make serious inroads into Rosberg's 10s lead.
The Briton's attention instead went on protecting their position as Vettel closed in. With seven laps to run the pair were split by just half a second - but try as they might Vettel could not engineer a move, with their challenge failing two laps from the end when they ran deep and onto the grass at the penultimate turn.
Like Vettel, Ricciardo also bolted on fresh tyres - in their case the supersofts - and flew late on, the Australian setting the fastest lap and rising up to fourth, just missing out on becoming the first Australian to claim a Grand Prix podium on home soil.
Massa was an uneventful fifth, while behind Grosjean sprang a sensation in sixth, giving Haas points in their debut race.
Toro Rosso provided plenty of drama as Sainz and Verstappen quarrelled with each other, and with a host of other cars. It was not always a happy affair, with Verstappen angered by the team's decision to pit Sainz first, and then to not instruct them to move aside. The pair even made very light contact in Turn 15 a few laps from the end, with Verstappen spinning as a result. They caught back up to Sainz by the chequered flag, although neither was able to find a way past Bottas or Hulkenberg.
Palmer's very convincing debut for Renault saw them finish 11th, ahead of teammate Kevin Magnussen who lost time with a puncture on the opening lap but made it up when the race was red flagged and restarted.
Sergio Perez was 13th for Force India, while Jenson Button looked good early on but faded to 14th for McLaren. Felipe Nasr could not repeat 2015's fifth place for Sauber and finished 15th as teammate Marcus Ericsson retired with transmission problems, while rookie Pascal Wehrlein - who made a sensational start to run 15th for a while - was the last of the classified runners in 16th.
There were several retirements - besides Alonso and Gutierrez, Red Bull's Daniil Kvyat hit problems and retired even before getting to the grid, while Manor's Rio Haryanto went out with driveline problems and Raikkonen retired soon after the restart with suspected turbo failure which led to a spectacular fire in their Ferrari's airbox.
WATCH: Race highlights from Australia
AutoGuide.com
It appears that the Mercedes-Benz C63 AMG Black Series Coupe needs to step aside for the Brabus Bullit Coupe. The most powerful C-Class in the world from famed Mercedes tuner Brabus will be introduced to the world at the upcoming Geneva Motor Show.
Based on a standard C-Class Coupe, the Brabus Bullit packs 800-hp and is powered by the same V12 powerplant found in the S-Class. Displacement has been increased from 5.5L to 6.3L with a pair of upgraded turbochargers. The real kicker is the fact that it can make up to 1047 lb-ft of torque, but has been electronically limited to just 811 lb-ft.
That means it hits 62-mph in merely 3.7 seconds. That's half a second faster than the C63 AMG Black Series that sports a 6.2L V8 with 517-hp and 457 lb-ft of torque, which is incredible already.
The awesome Brabus Bullit comes at a price though, at around $594,000 (€449,820) based on today's conversion rates. That means the fastest and most powerful C-Class Coupe in the world is definitely the most expensive C-Class in the world too.
Stay tuned for more from the Geneva Motor Show starting March 6th, and see the complete Geneva Motor Show preview here.
GALLERY: Brabus Bullit Coupe
White House press secretary Josh Earnest, left, on "Fox & Friends." Fox News/screengrab Things got heated between White House press secretary Josh Earnest and "Fox & Friends" cohost Elisabeth Hasselbeck during a Wednesday morning interview.
Hasselbeck grilled Earnest on an statement made by their boss, President Barack Obama, who referred to last week's terror attack in Paris, France, as a "setback."
Hasselbeck called that an "awful" word to use given the gravity of the situation.
"Following this initial attack in Paris where 129 people were brutally killed, the president of the United States referred to this as something that was a 'setback,'" they said.
"Do you understand at this point how the verbiage needs to change a bit?" they asked, grouping in another controversial statement made by Secretary of State John Kerry. "Because everyone in this world right now sees them as aloof, apathetic, and quite cavalier about these lives being lost at the hand of ISIS."
But Earnest insisted that they were taking Obama's comment out of context.
"Go look at a transcript of the president's remarks — where they described the situation as 'sickening,' where expressed their profound sorrow at what exactly had occurred," Earnest said. "And I think what I would encourage you to do is to spend just as much focusing time on the president's actions as you do their words."
Hasselbeck interjected: "His words matter, Josh!"
They proceeded to talk over one another. Their discussion was not helped by the fact that Earnest was giving the interview from the Philippines, which resulted in delayed communication between the two.
"I have to stop you there. Josh I will stop you there," Hasselbeck continued as Earnest attempted to finish their statement.
"Let me finish my answer," Earnest said. "If you want to have me on your show, Elisabeth. Elisabeth, if you want to have me on your show to talk about a serious issue, then give me an opportunity to answer the question. And I will answer the question."
"Go ahead," Hasselbeck offered.
"If you want to have me on the show to talk about something as serious as our national security, you can ask me a question and I will answer it. When the president —" Earnest said, as they were cut off again.
"Josh, we've played fair before. I'm letting you know that our president's words matter," Hasselbeck said. "He called this a 'setback.' Why? Just a 'setback' seems cavalier. But go ahead and answer the question."
Earnest repeated their argument that they were taking Obama's quote out of context.
Watch below:
THE dilapidated seaside town of Great Yarmouth does not feel like the centre of anything. “We're literally at the end of the line,” muses Peter Fitzgerald, referring to the single-track railway that runs across the surrounding marshes. But that is changing, thanks to people like Mr Fitzgerald. As well as running Great Yarmouth's army-surplus shop, they are an activist in the anti-EU, anti-immigration UK Independence Party (UKIP). There, and in other quiet coastal towns, Mr Fitzgerald and their like are moulding a lively but disorganised movement into a political machine.
UKIP is the most disruptive force in British politics—and, to Conservative MPs, the most terrifying. Though opinion polls put its support at just 13%, much lower than the Conservatives or Labour, it threatens to split the right-wing vote and keep the Tory Party out of power in 2015. Fear of defections has helped push Tory leaders into tough stances on immigration and Europe, and has hushed them on the topic of gay marriage (which they favour and UKIP opposes). MPs worry that the upstart party might come first in elections to the European Parliament, to be held in May. That would be a symbolic victory. But UKIP is aiming for something bigger.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Last May, in county elections, UKIP increased its tally of council seats in England from eight to 147 (see map). The party won five of Great Yarmouth's nine seats on Norfolk's county council. It also fared particularly well in other east-coast towns like Boston and Skegness—places with flat, vegetable-growing hinterlands worked by unloved east European immigrants and lived in by the kind of nostalgic elderly voters that one party official calls “poujadistes in bungalows”. This realm of faded tearooms, big skies, beach huts and Polish supermarkets has become UKIP's political heartland.
On May 22nd this year, the same day as the European elections, seats on borough councils and unitary authorities will be up for grabs, many of them in places where UKIP has excellent prospects. The party hopes to win at least half of the seats on Great Yarmouth's town council, for example. Achieving that would be tough, says Matthew Smith, its parliamentary candidate in the area. But it would put Westminster within UKIP's reach.
Nearly one million Britons cast ballots for UKIP in the 2010 general election. Proportionately, those votes would have given the party 20 seats in Parliament. But they were too evenly spread: Britain's first-past-the-post system kept UKIP from winning a single one. If the party is to become more than a marginal spoiler of Conservative hopes, it needs to build strongholds in a few areas where it stands a decent chance of winning. The east coast is the party's biggest target.
With four months to go before the local elections, tables in Mr Smith's office in Great Yarmouth are piled with leaflets and voter data. Annotated maps line the walls. Mr Smith's nerdy interest in campaign techniques, statistics and the minutiae of local planning disputes makes them easy to mistake for a Liberal Democrat politician. Though UKIP is politically distant from that Europhile, socially liberal party, Mr Smith is proud of the comparison. The Lib Dems, they explain, developed a successful two-part formula for breaking into Parliament. First, get people elected to local government in heartland areas; second, concentrate resources.
Winning local council seats is a springboard to Westminster. It provides a party with campaigners, makes it more visible in an area and enables parliamentary candidates to understand local issues. Local victories also give UKIP the chance to show prospective supporters and donors that it can win elections. In Great Yarmouth—and nationally—the Tories insist that voting for UKIP splits the conservative vote, benefiting the Labour Party. Mr Smith retorts that, because UKIP came first in the town last year, it would be more accurate to label the Tories vote-splitters. They say local membership has grown from 20 to around 100—enough to mount a serious general-election campaign.
Normal for Norfolk
Following the Liberal Democrats' formula, the party is now concentrating its resources. UKIP has little money and only 12 full-time staff, so it cannot afford to spread them evenly. Places like Great Yarmouth come first. Alan Bown, a donor who sits on the party's executive, has paid for polling there and in six other promising constituencies, three of them on the east coast. Asked how they intended to vote in the general election, 30% said UKIP. The town has also received three campaign visits from Nigel Farage, UKIP's blokeish, telegenic leader. During one, they persuaded a man serving them in a local pub to become a candidate.
It may be winning local elections and smartly concentrating its firepower, but UKIP remains proudly amateurish. Unlike their Tory and Labour opponents, the party's candidates are, in effect, at liberty to say and do whatever it takes to get elected. Mr Smith, for example, did not like the leaflets sent by headquarters, so devised one himself. They also disavow their party's hostility to wind turbines (a rare source of good jobs in the area). This potent combination of regional strength and local autonomy could carry candidates like them all the way to Westminster.
But that raises the question: what will they do if elected? UKIP's bottom-up structure makes it perilously chaotic and ill-disciplined. Its ability to vet candidates is limited—Mr Farage's barside conversations notwithstanding—and some of the party's policies read as if they too were thrashed out in a pub. Getting to Parliament is one thing. Achieving some semblance of professionalism once there is another.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has released its March 2012 National Overview report, confirming that March was more than just a month of scattered warmth--it shattered records across the U.S., becoming the only month ever recorded, except for January 2006, that had surpassed its record by such a large margin.
According to NOAA, the average temperature across the U.S. was 8.6 degrees above the 20th century average.
However, the report did not just reveal that certain parts of the U.S. had unseasonable warmth; no region was exempt from the weather anomalies.
Every state in the nation experienced at least one record warm daily temperature in March, totaling 15,272 warm temperature records broken.
The Northeast had its warmest March in 118 years this year, averaging 44.4 degrees F, 9.8 degrees above the average for the region.
In the Midwest region, it was the warmest March on record for the region as a whole and individually for each of the nine states within it. Over 6,400 daily temperature records were recorded for the region, 650 of which were records for any day in March.
In the Southeast, Virginia, the Carolinas and northern Georgia and Alabama had monthly temperatures that were 9 to 10 degrees F above average. Birmingham, Ala., Tampa, Fla., Atlanta, Ga., Columbia, S.C., Raleigh-Durham, N.C., and Roanoke, Va., all had their warmest March on record. Additionally, many locations in the Southeast experienced all-time March records for number of days with 80-degree-F temperatures and higher.
The High Plains had many summerlike days throughout March, with widespread monthly temperature departures of 9 to 15 degrees. Average monthly temperature records were broken in each state in the region, some of which had been in place for over 100 years. Many cities broke record high daily temperatures, as well, with some as high as 17 degrees above average.
In the South, mean temperatures for the month ranged from 3 to 15 degrees F above normal. Arkansas, Mississippi, Oklahoma and Tennessee each had their warmest March since records began in 1895.
The West was the coolest region of the U.S. throughout March, but it still experienced some record highs. Long Beach, Calif., hit a record high of 91 F for March 4.
AccuWeather.com's Long-Range Forecasting Team expected the unusual warmth during March and this spring in general.
"At least two-thirds of the nation could wind up with above-normal temperatures (during spring 2012)," AccuWeather.com Paul Pastelok, expert long-range meteorologist and leader of the AccuWeather.com Long-Range Forecasting Team, wrote in a forecast back in late February.
Pastelok said that spring of 2012 would feature the most widespread warmth since 2004.
For the full report on the unprecedented March warmth, click here.
From AccuWeather.com (find the original story here); reprinted with permission.
Three of eight British men accused of plotting to blow up seven trans-Atlantic airliners using liquid explosives were convicted today of conspiracy to commit murder.
The jury, however, didn't find any of the men guilty of the actual headline-grabbing charges that lead to a worldwide clamp-down on liquids in carry-on baggage.
Guilty verdicts were returned Monday against Abdulla Ahmed Ali, 27; Assad Sarwar, 28; and Tanvir Hussain, 27 of conspiracy to commit murder.
Ali, Sarwar, and Hussain admitted to plotting to detonate an explosive device at Heathrow's terminal three because it was used by several US airlines, according to The Guardian .
The jury didn't reach verdicts against any of the eight men on the plane-bombing charges. No verdicts were reached against the other four men accused of the plot: Umar Islam, 30; Arafat Waheed Khan 26; Ibrahim Savant, 27; and Waheed Zaman, 24.
Mohammad Gulzar, 27, who Scotland Yard accused of being a ringleader in the plot, was cleared of all offenses.
During the lengthy trial, prosecutors claimed the men planned to detonate explosives consisting of a chemical mixture inside 500ml Lucozade and Oasis bottles. Authorities claim if the plot was successful, more than 1,500 people would have been killed.
The Crown Prosecution Service said in a statement, "The prosecution is considering a request for retrial in respect of the plot to blow up airliners against all seven men upon which the jury could not agree."
The judge set a December 26 deadline for a retrial decision. ®
Electric-car maker Tesla Inc. has reached an agreement to set up its own manufacturing facility in Shanghai, according to people briefed on the plan, a move that could help it gain traction in China's fast-growing EV market.
The deal with Shanghai's government will allow the Silicon Valley automaker to build a wholly owned factory in the city's free-trade zone, these people said. This arrangement, the first of its kind for a foreign automaker, could enable Tesla to slash production costs, but it would still likely incur China's 25% import tariff.
Tesla TSLA, -0.30% is currently working with the Shanghai government about details of the deal's announcement, such as timing, one of these people said. The effort comes as President Donald Trump, who has been critical of China's trade policies, prepares to visit Beijing early next month.
See also: Tesla's Model 3 likely to be ‘average' in reliability, Consumer Reports says
A Tesla spokesperson didn't have a comment beyond reiterating the company's previous statement in June that it planned to “clearly define” production plans in China by year's end. The Shanghai government didn't reply to a request for comment.
An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com.
Want news about Asia delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Asia Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
German authorities detained a high-ranking militant of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C) on Friday in the German city of Hamburg in an operation conducted weeks after the country's interior minister said they were "open and ready" to cooperate with Turkey in the fight against terror. One of the group's top leaders, Musa Asoğlu, was detained by German security forces in an counterterror raid in their apartment, and they are reportedly still under detention.
The Federal Prosecutor's Office released a statement on Saturday, saying that Aşoğlu, a publicly known terror figure, was responsible for numerous killings and terror attacks in Turkey.
The statement also said that Aşoğlu was accused of leading a terrorist organization, giving orders to carry out terrorist attacks, supervising terrorists and obtaining donations for the terror group.
The statement added that Aşoğlu gave their testimony on Saturday, and an arrest warrant is expected to be issued after the investigation is completed.
In November, Interior Minister Thomas de Maizière said, "For us, all terrorism, regardless of motive, is something that we in Germany fight against." They added that they would be "open and ready" to cooperate with Turkey. Aşoğlu is among the top wanted terrorist fugitives on Turkey's list. The United States State Department had also offered a $3 million reward for information on Aşoğlu, as part of the Department of State's Rewards for Justice program in 2014. The DHKP-C, although less influential in Turkey than other terrorist organizations such as the PKK, still represents a considerable threat to the country with a string of attacks in past years. The group was behind the suicide bombing that targeted the United States Embassy in Ankara in February 2013, which killed a Turkish security guard. Just a month later, the group staged attacks on the Justice Ministry and the headquarters of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AK Party) in the capital.
Can a prankster ever grow up and become an activist? For Anonymous, the answer is no.
The loosely organized online network has been involved in political causes since 2008, but a recent media study printed in National Communication Association's Communication Monographs found that Anonymous, try as it might, can't shake its origin from 4chan, the online bulletin board known for its raunchy content and outlandish posts.
The study that was authored by Adam Klein, a Howard University academic who specializes in media studies, looked at every news story written about Anonymous along with 56 operations – or Ops as Anonymous dubs them – the collective launched between June 1, 2012, to June 1, 2013. The news articles in question came from 44 different outlets in 10 countries.
Mr. Klein found “a stark disparity between the news media's interpretation and the hacktivists' own words and actions,” they wrote. “As a dissident group, Anonymous runs the risk of becoming marginalized and trivialized by journalists as the next circus-like spectacle.”
Klein identified four main ways the media talks about Anonymous. Either they are “legitimate activists,” “vigilante heroes,” “global threats,” – or, in the most common portrayal, “malicious pranksters.”
Anonymous is even commonly described as being full of “pranksters” even when the collective states they are trying to protect free speech or fighting corruption.
In fact Klein found political causes accounted for 82 percent of Anonymous' campaigns during their study. Add in antispying campaigns, which make up another 13 percent. That means fundamentally, a full 95 percent of all Anonymous activities are politically motivated – making the frame of “malicious pranksters” a misrepresentation of the actual collective's actions. (Klein found only three of the 56 Anonymous campaigns were waged for no stated purpose.)
“From a review of targets, Anonymous' members appear to be driven by social justice issues that suggest politically progressive views, such as the targeting of banks, corporations, and big media, or the defense of gay rights,” wrote Klein.
For example, when the Burger King Twitter account was hacked by Anonymous-affiliates in February 2013 during Operation Mad Cow, outlets referred to it as “mischief” or a “childish outburst.” Mentions of Anonymous' beef with tainted meat, big food corporations, or globalization was rarely found.
The media narrative of Anonymous as “prankster” was established early on. In 2011, PC Magazine referred to Anonymous as a “prankster and hacktivist” collective in its article on the arrest of 14 individuals who targeted PayPal with a distributed denial of service attack. The action was over PayPal's refusal to transmit payments to WikiLeaks.
That same year, Wired referred to Anonymous as “Internet troublemakers” in its article about the hack on security company HBGary.
Klein theorizes the media's unwillingness to portray Anonymous as legitimate activists has more to do with what they call corporate media having a predisposition to being pro-corporate, in favor of big business and capitalism.
As an example, they cite Anonymous' attack on PayPal, which they wrote could be “seen not only as an attack on that financial power but also as a threat to the free market.” When Anonymous attacked The Los Angeles Times, it received widespread coverage, of which 78 percent was negative, and 67 percent of the articles described Anonymous as “pranksters.” This pattern is consistent across all 10 countries.
The one instance when Anonymous received positive news coverage was when it hacked into the US Sentencing Commission website and defaced it following death the death of Aaron Swartz, a young Internet activist who killed themselves while under indictment for federal hacking charges.
“The shift toward tolerance, and in some cases a defense of Anonymous, could be attributed to the news media's more accustomed tendency to play the role of watchdog when the focus of their scrutiny is political, rather than financial," wrote Klein.
But the media may not take Anonymous seriously for other reasons.
Media outlets are well aware of Anonymous' origins on 4chan, a website known as the cesspool of the Internet for its disturbing content. This 4chan origin story gives everything the collective does an air of spectacle, considering 4chan is the birthplace of many popular online memes, including the CAN HAZ CHEEZBURGER images of cats, the Rick Roll misdirect involving the 1980s pop hit, and the most recent widely popular meme known as Pepe the Frog.
It's important to note, too, that Anonymous has actually turned protesting into a form of spectacle itself, because Anonymous often wants to create spectacle. Its utilization of memes and other Internet phenomenon, their video announcements (which serve as protests in and of themselves), and the Guy Fawkes masks and hidden identities denote a “character” or someone playing at activism as opposed to a serious freedom fighter.
Gabriella Coleman, a McGill University professor and author of "Hacker, Hoaxer, Whistleblower, Spy: The Many Faces of Anonymous," said the study captured “the general sentiments” the media has toward Anonymous but lacked some nuance and contextualization since “not all media articles are created equally,” they wrote in an e-mail.
“Numbers can only go so far in revealing the story,” said Ms. Coleman. "It is significant that while the portrayals are not always positive, they rarely portray Anonymous as cybercriminals or cyberterrorists.”
Business & Finance, Sports & Recreation, Arts & Culture, Hot Spots & Night Life, Local News, Seasonal & Current Events
By Chelsea Triola Published: April 05 2016
Long Islanders, prepare yourselves for the upcoming Trumpocalypse taking place this Memorial Day Weekend at NYZ Apocalypse in Deer Park!
Long Islanders, prepare yourselves for the upcoming Trumpocalypse taking place this Memorial Day Weekend at NYZ Apocalypse in Deer Park! Visitors will have the chance to take part in this interactive survival experience where you will be forced to take out the 2016 presidential candidates that have been cloned and turned into zombies!
That's right, these aren't just any zombies – they are this year's undead presidential candidates, who will be infesting the place in search of their next victims, thirsty for human brains.
Because of all candidates ever decreasing popularity, The Secret Service came up with a plan to assure their safety – cloning. It is unknown whether this was an intentional side effect or if the medical staff in charge of the cloning experiment made an innocent mistake, but these zombie clones were created and need to be utterly annihilated.
Mr. Trump got wind of the frightening news and immediately wanted to bomb the zombie clones to assure they all get taken out at once. Since their decision, they have reconsidered their position, which they often do. Now, Mr. Trump has decided to lend a helping hand by using their leadership skills and expert negotiation tactics to assist in bringing this devastating outbreak to an end.
Mr. Trump, their staff, and The Secret Service have taken over The Apollo Prison and it is up to you to visit this top secret facility to destroy each of these zombie presidential candidate clones and preserve the sanctity of the 2016 presidential primaries.
NYZ Apocalypse will be opening their doors on Thursday, April 14th at 8 PM for a media-only event. The public will have time to prepare themselves for this Trumpocalypse the best they can before the Memorial Day Weekend event. Although not a requirement, NYZ Apocalypse has recommended this event for those 16 and older.
Click here to stay up to date with everything happening over at NYZ, and to purchase your tickets in advance!
A motorist was stabbed after they tried to stop a gang of youths from throwing rocks at their car.
A motorist was stabbed after they tried to stop a gang of youths from throwing rocks at their car.
The man, who is in their 30s, was set upon by up to half a dozen teens when they approached a group who pelted their car with stones as they were driving down Corbally Road in Limerick.
During the confrontation, which happened shortly after 9:20 pm last Saturday, the man was stabbed in the back, possibly while they were walking away.
Following the attack, the youths fled the scene and the man managed to get into their vehicle and alert Gardaí.
They were taken to University Hospital Limerick as a cautionary measure but was released later that night.
Read More: Man (21) questioned in connection with five robberies of young people in 24 hours - including mugging of boy (13)
Gardaí said they are treating the incident as a case of “serious assault” and are appealing for witness to come forward.
Anyone with information is asked to contact the Mayorstone station on 061-456980 or the the Garda Confidential Hotline on 1800-666111.
Online Editors
Why VR is the future of gaming, Part 1: Oculus Rift and Bullet Train
Earlier this month I was with the rest of the SlashGear team at CES, and as you no doubt saw, VR had a big presence at the show. I was able to test out various VR offerings from different companies. Everything from Google Cardboard up to the Oculus Rift. While I enjoyed trying different things out, it wasn't until the last hour I was at the show that I began to truly understand just how much VR will change the way we play games.
Virtual Reality is a concept that's been around longer than I have. My first experience with it was Nintendo's Virtual Boy, which was hardly VR. I remember being disappointed, because it was just a video game that was uncomfortable to play. At no point did I actually feel like I was controlling Wario, which is the whole point of VR.
A couple years back I was able to get a demo of the Oculus Rift, and it was interesting. I could float around inside of the Tuscany demo, but that's all there was. The only time that I really felt like I was “in” the game, was when I floated up a bit, and looked down. For a split second, I felt like Wile E. Coyote, as they looked down and remembered that gravity was a thing. Aside from that, I still felt like I was at a computer running through the same demo, but with something heavy on my head.
My first taste of the “modern” VR headset was from HTC, with their Vive. I only was allowed a few minutes to play with it, and again, it was only a tech demo. Once I was strapped in, I found myself at the bottom of the ocean, aboard a sunken ship. Going into it, I wasn't expecting much more than the same sort of experience I'd had with the Tuscany demo.
I was definitely surprised by the underwater demo, because there was something that I had been missing during the Tuscany one. Specifically, I could move. I could actually walk around and look at things. When I got too close to the edge, the grid-shaped outline would appear and warn me. It reminded me a lot of the holodeck on Star Trek, which I thought was pretty cool.
I hung out underwater for a bit, as fish swam around my head, and eventually a whale came over to see what was going on. I felt as though I could reach out and touch it. Unfortunately, that's where the immersion broke. I was just standing in a demo, which wasn't reacting to my presence at all. It was an incredible experience, but still just a novelty in my mind. It was still missing elements that I desired in VR.
The final day that I was at the show, I had a chance to meet with the guys at the Oculus booth, and get a proper VR experience. They had time to show me three different interactive demos. The first was Bullet Train, which I'd seen videos of before. Being a fan of the FPS genre, I hadn't been terribly impressed with the Bullet Train videos online, but I went in with an open mind. The lady assisting me got me strapped into the headset, and helped me with the Touch controllers.
As soon as they helped me put on the touch controllers (by put on, I mean the wrist straps), I had my first truly immersive VR experience. The game wasn't even loaded up, and I already knew that I was no longer just standing in a room in the middle of a huge convention hall. I looked down at my hands, and could actually see them in the headset. Sure, they were just digital representations of a left and right hand, but they moved just like my own hands were in the real world. I could point, make a thumbs-up, and a fist, and I would see these things happening. It was an amazing thing to do, for the very first time.
I was still waving my hands in front of my face when they loaded up the game. I found myself standing on a train, and my hands were still right there with me. I learned that I could teleport in the game, which was neat. But then I was instructed to pick up a gun, and that was when I had the closest thing to a religious experience that I've ever had in a game. I picked up the gun, and aimed down the sights, and it felt real. I felt like I was in the game, holding a gun, and shooting it. Once the doors opened, I started shooting things, and it was amazing. It did take a little bit to get the controls down, but aiming the gun and firing were the most natural things to do. I even found myself closing one eye, to get a better aim (which worked, by the way).
A few minutes later, I was slowing down time, dodging bullets, and even plucking those same bullets out of the air, and throwing them back at the enemy. I was laughing maniacally as I did so. I felt like some sort of god, able to control the world with my thoughts. Because that's what all of my senses were telling me. I was in control of time and space, I could teleport behind someone and surprise them point-blank with a shotgun.
After having a lot of fun and learning the ropes, suddenly the gunfire stops, and a huge robot crashed through the ceiling. Naturally, I point my gun and start firing away. But nothing I did had an effect. Here I was convinced that I was the master of this world, and something just crashed in and ruined my party. I felt intimidated, and a little scared.
Sure, some games will get my heart racing during a boss fight, but never like this. When you become immersed in a game this much, it can feel very real. In the back of my mind, I knew that I was just in some room with a thing attached to my head. But my instincts were telling me that I was in danger, and I needed to figure out something, fast.
When it fired its first volley of rockets at me, I quickly teleported to another area (there were designated teleport locations in the demo) to regroup in safety. Then I remembered that I could slow down time and pluck bullets out of the air, so why not do the same with rockets? I'm pretty sure the maniacal laughter returned.
I waited patiently for the bot to reposition itself and fire. Once the rockets got close, I slowed down time, grabbed a rocket and teleported to an area just below the bot. I chucked the rocket upward, and watched as it hit its mark. I repeated those steps with a bit of variation, and a minute or two later, my foe was defeated, and the demo ended.
As the lady helped me with the controllers and the headset, my heart was still racing. I could have played that for hours, and found new ways to enjoy it. A few more people from the Oculus team joined us in the room, with all of them asking “how was it?” or “what did you think?” I was sure to thank each one of them, and told them that it was the single most incredible experience I've ever had playing a video game.
I've had almost two weeks to reflect on that statement, which wasn't one that I would make lightly. After all, I've been hooked on video games ever since I saw Mario running across the screen of my parents TV back in the late 80's. I've thought about the first 40-man raid that I ran in World of Warcraft, the time I got to challenge Fatal1ty to a game of Quake (and got my ass handed to me by the master), and every other great moment in gaming that I've experienced over the last 25+ years of my life.
After all of that reflection, I stand by that statement. It was definitely the most incredible gaming experience of my life, at that point. However, there was one other moment that was roughly on par with playing Bullet Train on the Oculus. It came directly afterward. But I'll save that story for Part 2 of this piece, which will be up later next week.
UPDATE: Part 2 is live, check it out here.
“I had a dream I could buy my way to heav­en.” Who said it: Kanye West or Mi­chael Bloomberg?
Well, the rap­per did. But Bloomberg's re­cent com­ments in a New York Times in­ter­view on their post-may­or­al ca­reer are not far off.
Bloomberg is start­ing an­oth­er gun-con­trol ad­vocacy group, fol­low­ing their last ven­ture with May­ors Against Il­leg­al Guns. But this time, in­stead of fo­cus­ing on tele­vi­sion ads, they want to build a grass­roots net­work that can rival the Na­tion­al Rifle As­so­ci­ation. He's pour­ing $50 mil­lion of their money in­to the ef­fort.
The new group, which is tar­get­ing 15 states, is called Everytown for Gun Safety, and will primar­ily fo­cus on the back­ground check sys­tem and not ne­ces­sar­ily on ban­ning cer­tain types of guns.
Bloomberg is proud of him­self, too — ready for their Judg­ment Day.
“I am telling you, if there is a God, when I get to heav­en I'm not stop­ping to be in­ter­viewed. I am head­ing straight in,” they told re­port­er Jeremy Peters. “I have earned my place in heav­en. It's not even close.”
So, the bil­lion­aire former may­or thinks God likes him. But what about mere mor­tals?
“I don't know what your per­cep­tion is of our repu­ta­tion, and mine, the name Bloomberg around the coun­try,” they said. But every place they go, they ad­ded, “You're a rock star. People yelling out of cabs, ‘Hey, way to go!' “
Bloomberg's $50 mil­lion con­tri­bu­tion is not chump change. As The Times points out in its art­icle, the NRA spends $20 mil­lion an­nu­ally.
The Legend of the Gobblewonker is not one of my favorite episodes. It doesn't have as strong an impact as the first episode, and hasn't introduced the expanded cast of yet. It is also one of those episodes that I'll rewatch and be pleasantly surprised by. Even this early on the writing was top notch. Gravity Falls is a show that knew from the beginning what it wanted to be and worked towards that. Not every episode is a winner, but none are bad either.
The Story
While out fishing with Gruncle Stan, the kids hear about the mysterious Gobblewonker, a monster living in the lake. When everyone else dismisses it as the ravings of the local kook, the kids decide to track down the monster. leaving Stan short two fishing buddies.
The Review
This is not one of the more memorable episodes. It suffers from lacking the expanded cast that make later episodes so fantastic, though it does make great strides towards introducing a good chunk of the background characters. But coming back to it every time I'm reminded that I do actually enjoy it. Being the second episode it of course has not developed into what the show later becomes, and fans may find themselves less likely to re-watch it because it feels sparse compared to later episodes. But the smart writing and once again good plot twist–though not quite as excellent as the plot twist in the first episode–make it a solid episode that pulls its weight even compared to the rest of the series.
Soos plays a major role for the first time in the series, and they are fantastic. From the start he's a fan favorite and he'll only get better from here. They also have some of the best lines in the series, developing into something of an audience voice as well as a heroic character in their own right later on. At the moment he's the oaf, but he's an Oaf's Oaf.
Gruncle Stan's criminal background is firmly cemented as a part of the show, while at the same time Legend of the Gobblewonker establishes them as a family man above anything else. He's terrible at it, but they try, to hilarious results. I'd say he's my favorite character, but that will get trite real quick as I'm going to be said it about every character. Gravity Falls is made of great characters, all funny in their own ways.
Spoiler Section (Do Not Read Unless You're Caught Up)
McGukket, the local loon, turns out to be a technical genius. The monster being fake is a predictable plot twist, but the extent to which Gravity Falls takes it works. Sure the monster being robotic is a bit Scooby Doo, but the real treat is seeing that the crazed old man is a robotics genius. Why? Well, we'll find that out later. But for now it's a bizarre joke that will find it's payoff later on in the series.
Also, keep a close eye open for a certain someone in the background. You'll see what I mean. Gravity Falls has made rewatching a necessity to get everything out of it, and I find that amazing. If the writing were any lesser than it is I'd call it a cheap ploy to force us to watch it more often than it deserves. But Gravity Falls has incredible writing, and so it just adds needed depth to what is all ready a delightful product.
Spoiler Section Ended
Legend of the Gobblewonker may not be the greatest episode of Gravity Falls, but it is a very good episode even if it falls into the “not the best” tier. It's so high above anything else on TV that it's almost unfair to compare. Once I get through Gravity Falls and go on to review other cartoons, I'm going to have to try my very best not to just copy and paste “It's not Gravity Falls” in every single review. Then again, how often do you think I can do that before any of you catch on?
Published screenshots always look the best they can. They are used for marketing the game, so that's hardly surprising. However, when you are making a game from the ground up like we made Tiny Troopers, most of the time the game does not look like it does in those glossy marketing screenshots.
That's a shame because marketing screenshots only depict the pinnacle of the development, but there's been a ton of interesting stuff before that. Any marketing person would scream bloody murder if you wanted to send out screenshots of those.
But here we go, four screenshots from Tiny Troopers development, from preproduction to final product.
August 8th 2011 - From the very first week of the whole production. The cylinder in the middle is an enemy soldier. The other two are the player's troops. Obvious, isn't it? :-) During this time we tried out line drawing as a control mechanic. We thought it would be a perfect fit but soon realized it wasn't.
September 13th 2011 - Here you can see debug buttons for different control mechanics we experimented with. There's even a virtual thumb stick. Our artists got the first actual assets done in early September and it immediately looked much more like a proper game.
October 24th 2011 - We continued with placeholder graphical assets for quite a long while. It was more important to get all the different mechanics in than making it look pretty. In the upper right corner you can see the frame rate. It wasn't too high, some 25 fps here, as we didn't concentrate on optimizing at this point.
May 14th 2012 - And here we are some 10 months after start of the development. This is from the PC beta. It looks quite different from that first photo but it's basically the same game :-)
Stay tuned, we're releasing iOS version in a week at E3!
(Source: kukouri.com)
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
4 notes
BY: Follow @DavidRutz
Democratic Sen. Al Franken (Minn.) will officially leave office on Jan. 2, their office announced on Wednesday.
Franken had announced on Dec. 7 that they would resign their Senate seat in the "coming weeks" after several past allegations of sexual misconduct came to light.
During their remarks at the time, Franken did not apologize to their accusers and said it was ironic that they would leave their seat when President Donald Trump—who numerous women have accused of misconduct—remained in the White House.
Until Wednesday, it had been unclear since Franken's resignation speech when exactly they would leave office.
A majority of Senate Democrats called for Franken's resignation on Dec. 6, after a seventh accuser came forward alleging Franken had once groped them  They are the highest-level lawmaker to be felled by the swirl of sexual harassment allegations against prominent politicians over the past two months.
AL FRANKEN to resign Jan. 2, their office says — Manu Raju (@mkraju) December 20, 2017
Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton (D.) has appointed Lt. Gov. Tina Smith (D.) to fill Franken's seat when they officially depart.
Franken was one of the chamber's most popular Democrats, known for their strong fundraising ability and progressive stances against the Trump administration.
Some Democrats have since expressed regret over Franken's departure. Sen. Joe Manchin (D., W.Va.) said that Franken received "atrocious" treatment from their fellow Democrats.
TV
Some audition tapes which showed two women reading for the part believed to be Elektra Natchios recently surfaced online.
May 27, 2015
AceShowbiz - It looks like that Elektra is coming to Netflix's "Daredevil" in its upcoming second season. Rumor has it, casting for the part is currently underway as some audition tapes showing two women reading for the same part, which is believed to be Elektra Natchios, recently hit the web.
The said two women are relatively unknown Shiva Kalaiselvan and Louisa Mignone, whose acting credit includes "Wish You Were Here". Both women reportedly acted out the same two scenes, one with a criminal victim, and the second with Matt Murdock during their college years. The videos, however, have been removed.
"Daredevil" was renewed for a second season back in April, following the series premiere earlier the same month. Showrunner Steven S. DeKnight is not returning for the sophomore installment and will be replaced by writers Doug Petrie and Marco Ramirez.
Besides Charlie Cox who will reprise their role as Matt Murdock a.k.a. the titular hero, Rosario Dawson is confirmed to return as Claire Temple.
Georgia Tech police have continued to arrest people for their alleged roles in a campus protest more than two weeks ago. Most of them have been students from metro Atlanta colleges.
Like us on Facebook
Tech police have arrested at least six people they say were involved in the protest, including a current Tech student and others enrolled at Georgia State University and Georgia Perimeter College.
The protest followed a vigil for Scout Schultz, a Georgia Tech student shot and killed by campus police last month. The most recent arrest was just this Monday, for misdemeanor obstruction of law enforcement.
WABE legal analyst Page Pate says tracking people down after a protest is unusual.
“There's no ongoing crime,” Pate said. “And even outside of a demonstration like this, you rarely see an active investigation for the misdemeanor offense of willful obstruction of an officer.”
They say the continued arrests are meant to send a message.
“That you better be careful when you show up and protest at the school or about something that the school has done, and I think that's a disturbing sign,” said Pate, who worried about a chilling effect.
“You show up to something like this, even if we're not going to arrest you, we may show up at your school weeks later and want to question you or pull you out of class, wanna contact your parents and say we want to interview you,” they said.
Concerns have been ongoing within the Tech community of unwanted radical elements. Posts about “Antifa” populate the school's social media threads. In a statement following the protest, Georgia Tech President Bud Peterson wrote to the school, “We believe many of them were not part of our Georgia Tech community, but rather outside agitators intent on disrupting the event.”
“If this was a legitimate investigation into some sort of violent organized activity, there are ways to handle that other than investigating people for wearing masks and not following orders at the time,” Pate said.
Frank Rotondo, who heads the Georgia Association of Chiefs of Police, said sometimes, arrests are necessary. During the Tech protest, someone set a police car on fire, and two officers were treated for minor injuries. Arrests made that night included charges for aggravated assault on an officer.
Rotondo agrees the police are sending a message.
“To stop the negative activity and to make it safe for all the students, the instructors there and the police themselves,” Rotondo said. “They want the campus to go back to normal tranquility.”
However, they added that more transparency from the school would be ideal.
“I would love for the administration to say, ‘Look, here's the basis of the obstruction charge; here's the basis of the inciting to riot charge,'” said Rotondo, who noted the Georgia Tech Police Department's positive reputation among the state's law enforcement agencies.
They believe that ultimately the court system is meant to sort out the legitimacy or seriousness of any arrests.
Eugene O'Donnell lectures at New York's John Jay College of Criminal Justice. He's a former NYPD officer and prosecutor who describes themselves as a “hawk,” and “no softie” when it comes to arresting people for criminal offenses. They say police should be a last resort when it comes to campus protests.
“There are lots of ways to hold students accountable, and if we don't have enough with academic oversight, then we can explore other ways,” O'Donnell said. They said that could involve working with other schools in the university system.
“We want to see young people concerned about the society, concerned about things that are larger than themselves. We want to see them speak out when they see injustice. We want to promote that, and the lines of doing that aren't always clear,” O'Donnell said.
They said the criminal charges that end up on students' records may become obstacles to future careers and full participation in public life. “It's a high price for a student to pay for an overzealous expression of concern,” O'Donnell said.
In a statement, Georgia Tech spokesperson Lance Wallace confirmed the school's police investigations are ongoing.
“Evidence was used to identify the individuals arrested on misdemeanor obstruction charges and indicated that they took physical actions in an attempt to encourage violence and prevent officers from making arrests at the scene. No one is being targeted because they protested,” Wallace said.
Following discussions and demands from student activists, Georgia Tech's president has announced the formation of campus “action teams,” which will review the school's mental health access, LGBT support and campus culture.
The arrests are one way Schultz's shooting death and its fallout continue to be felt across metro Atlanta schools. Mental health impacts could be another.
Friends and family say Schultz's former girlfriend — they'd broken up over the summer — took their own life this past weekend. They say grief, ongoing mental health issues and a fear of criminal consequences may all have contributed to the GSU student's state of mind leading up to the suicide.
Naiki Kaffezakis, a Tech student and longtime friend, told WABE the 22-year-old had been at the campus protest.
“There's definitely a sense that anyone who was there could be arrested,” said Kaffezakis. “Her exact words were ‘Naiki, I'm not strong enough to be arrested.'”
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, suicide is the second leading cause of death for college-age individuals.
Correction: This report has been updated with correct last name of Georgia Tech spokesperson Lance Wallace.
“I'm a small fish in the sea,” they said, adding, “I do not put myself at Chomsky's level.”
Still, they don't shy from making big claims for “Language: The Cultural Tool,” published last week by Pantheon. “I am going beyond my work with Pirahã and systematically dismantling the evidence in favor of a language instinct,” they said. “I suspect it will be extremely controversial.”
Even some of Dr. Everett's admirers fault them for representing themselves as a lonely voice of truth against an all-powerful Chomskian orthodoxy bent on stopping their ideas dead. It's certainly the view advanced in the documentary, “The Grammar of Happiness,” which accuses unnamed linguists of improperly influencing the Brazilian government to deny their request to return to Pirahã territory, either with the film crew or with a research team from M.I.T., led by Ted Gibson, a professor of cognitive science. (It's scheduled to run on the Smithsonian Channel in May.)
Dr. Everett acknowledged that they had no firsthand evidence of any intrigues against him. But Miguel Oliveira, an associate professor of linguistics at the Federal University of Alagoas and the M.I.T. expedition's Brazilian sponsor, said in an interview that Dr. Everett is widely resented among scholars in Brazil for their missionary past, anti-Chomskian stance and ability to attract research money.
Photo
“This is politics, everybody knows that,” Dr. Oliveira said. “One of the arguments is that he's stealing something from the indigenous people to become famous. It's not said. But that's the way they think.”
Claims of skullduggery certainly add juice to a debate that, to nonlinguists, can seem arcane. In a sense what Dr. Everett has taken from the Pirahã isn't gold or rare medicinal plants but recursion, a property of language that allows speakers to embed phrases within phrases — for example, “The professor said Everett said Chomsky is wrong” — infinitely.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In a much-cited 2002 paper Professor Chomsky, an emeritus professor of linguistics at M.I.T., writing with Marc D. Hauser and W. Tecumseh Fitch, declared recursion to be the crucial feature of universal grammar and the only thing separating human language from its evolutionary forerunners. But Dr. Everett, who had been publishing quietly on the Pirahã for two decades, announced in their 2005 paper that their language lacked recursion, along with color terms, number terms, and other common properties of language. The Pirahã, Dr. Everett wrote, showed these linguistic gaps not because they were simple-minded, but because their culture — which emphasized concrete matters in the here and now and also lacked creation myths and traditions of art making — did not require it.
To Dr. Everett, Pirahã was a clear case of culture shaping grammar — an impossibility according to the theory of universal grammar. But to some of their critics the paper was really just a case of Dr. Everett — who said they began questioning their own Chomskian ideas in the early 1990s, around the time they began questioning their faith — fixing the facts around their new theories.
In 2009 the linguists Andrew Nevins, Cilene Rodrigues and David Pesetsky, three of the fiercest early critics of Dr. Everett's paper, published their own in the journal Language, disputing their linguistic claims and expressing “discomfort” with their overall account of the Pirahã's simple culture. Their main source was Dr. Everett himself, whose 1982 doctoral dissertation, they argued, showed clear evidence of recursion in Pirahã.
Photo
“He was right the first time,” Dr. Pesetsky, an M.I.T. professor, said in an interview. “The first time they had reasons. The second time they had no reasons.”
Some scholars say the debate remains stymied by a lack of fresh, independently gathered data. Three different research teams, including one led by Dr. Gibson that traveled to the Pirahã in 2007, have published papers supporting Dr. Everett's claim that there are no numbers in the Pirahã language. But efforts to go recursion hunting in the jungle — using techniques that range from eliciting sentences to having the Pirahã play specially designed video games — have so far yielded no published results.
Still, some have tried to figure out ways to press ahead, even without direct access to the Pirahã. After Dr. Gibson's team was denied permission to return to Brazil in 2010, its members devised a method that minimized reliance on Dr. Everett's data by analyzing instead a corpus of 1,000 sentences from Pirahã stories transcribed by another missionary in the region.
Their analysis, presented at the Linguistic Society of America's annual meeting in January, found no embedded clauses but did uncover “suggestive evidence” of recursion in a more obscure grammatical corner. It's a result that is hardly satisfying to Dr. Everett, who questions it. But their critics, oddly, seem no more pleased.
Dr. Pesetsky, who heard the presentation, dismissed the whole effort as biased from the start by its reliance on Dr. Everett's grammatical classifications and basic assumptions. “They were taking for granted the correctness of the hypothesis they were trying to disconfirm,” they said.
Photo
But to Dr. Gibson, who said they do not find Dr. Everett's cultural theory of language persuasive, such responses reflect the gap between theoretical linguists and data-driven cognitive scientists, not to mention the strangely calcified state of the recursion debate.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Chomskians and non-Chomskians are weirdly illogical at times,” they said. “It's like they just don't want to have a cogent argument. They just want to contradict what the other guy is saying.”
Dr. Everett's critics fault them for failing to release their field data, even seven years after the controversy erupted. They countered that they are currently working to translate their decades' worth of material and hopes to post some transcriptions online “over the next several months.” The bigger outrage, they insisted, is what they characterized as other scholars' efforts to accuse them of “racist research” and interfere with their access to the Pirahã.
Dr. Rodrigues, a professor of linguistics at the Pontifical Catholic University in Rio de Janeiro, acknowledged by e-mail that in 2007 they wrote a letter to Funai, the Brazilian government agency in charge of indigenous affairs, detailing their objections to Dr. Everett's linguistic research and to their broader description of Pirahã culture.
They declined to elaborate on the contents of the letter, which they said was written at Funai's request and did not recommend any particular course of action. But asked about their overall opinion of Dr. Everett's research, they said, “It does not meet the standards of scientific evidence in our field.”
Whatever the reasons for Dr. Everett's being denied access, he's enlisting the help of the Pirahã themselves, who are shown at the end of “The Grammar of Happiness” recording an emotional plea to the Brazilian government.
“We love Dan,” one man says into the camera. “Dan speaks our language.”
A man is in custody after allegedly dropping a bottle with a fuse into the food court at Ballston Common Mall in Arlington early Thursday afternoon, according to police .
Police received a call about the incident at about 12:10 p.m. After an investigation, police said, authorities determined that a man dropped a 40-ounce bottle filled with an unknown substance — it “appears to be gasoline,” according to Arlington Police spokesperson Dustin Sternbeck — and a lit fuse attached.
The bottle shattered, police said, but there was no fire or explosion, and no injuries were reported.
“You could see where it hit,” said Sewell Truitte, 44, assistant parts manager at the Mercedes-Benz of Arlington, who visited the mall for lunch shortly after the incident. “It's just crazy that stuff like this happens.”
The mall was evacuated, and eastbound Wilson Boulevard was closed near the mall as police set up a perimeter, according to Sternbeck. An individual matching a police description of the suspect was later found in the Clarendon area, police said.
Three similar bottles were found elsewhere in the mall, police said. Investagitors were checking with merchants and mall security about possible surveillance video.
The FBI and ATF have also discussed the incident with Arlington police, Sternbeck said.
Anyone with information is asked to call 703-558-2222.
This item has been updated.
DETROIT (AP) – The Detroit-Windsor Tunnel has reopened after a bomb threat phoned in to Canadian authorities led to the closing of the international crossing for several hours Thursday afternoon.
Cars began entering the tunnel at the U.S. end about 4:30 p.m., and tunnel chief executive Neal Belitsky says traffic resumed from the Canadian end soon after.
Belitsky says nothing was found in searches by video, bomb-sniffing dog and bomb squad personnel.
The bomb threat was made some time after 12:30 p.m. to the duty-free shop on a plaza on the tunnel's Windsor side.
Initially, traffic going onto plazas on both sides of the tunnel was halted and diverted from the tunnel.
The underwater tunnel stretches about a mile beneath the Detroit River, which is one of North America's busiest trade crossings.
SAN FRANCISCO — Banana-Sam the squirrel monkey has been swiped from the San Francisco Zoo, and if you have them and are thinking of keeping him, zoo officials have a message for you: Bad idea.
The 2-pound, orange and gray fuzzy monkey is small and cute and probably pretty cuddly, but they belong in their zoo exhibit, with trained professionals. They have extremely sharp teeth and they will bite “if provoked,” zoo officials said in the statement.
Police are on the case, but the zoo needs the public's help too. If you see the monkey, don't delay: call the cops. $5,000 reward for Banana-Sam's safe return, thanks to a pledge from a private donor, zoo spokesperson Danny Latham said.
“If your friend, relative, neighbor or acquaintance suddenly has a pet monkey that they didn't have the day before, please call 9-1-1,” said San Francisco Police Sgt. Michael Andraychak. “We don't know where the animal is; we are hoping for the public's help.”
Andraychak said the police are investigating the theft in tandem with zoo officials and animal control.
“It appears (that it was) a deliberate effort to get into the zoo,” they said.
The vandals cut a perimeter gate sometime Thursday night, climbed on top of a roof sheltering five primate exhibits and then cut two holes in the mesh of the squirrel monkey exhibit, zoo officials said.
Police are looking for prints. Ones that aren't monkey prints, that is.
“This was a criminal act of vandalism and trespassing, and we are working with police to identify the perpetrators,” said San Francisco Zoological Society president and Executive Director Tanya Peterson.
In the meantime, Banana-Sam has developed something of a cult following. He's got a phony Twitter feed, SF_BananaSam, tracking their travels through the city, with stops at the Doggie Diner and a ride on Muni to the Rain forest Cafe at Fisherman's Wharf. (“Arrived Fisherman's Wharf. People still wear fanny packs? Considering going back to zoo,” SF_BananaSam quipped.)
Banana-Sam has lived at the zoo since the summer they and about 20 other squirrel monkeys arrived there after funding for a local research program was discontinued.
It's not often that animals are stolen from the zoo, police said.
“It's a rare occurrence,” Andraychak said.
Eleven years ago, also at the very end of December, two rare koalas that were stolen from San Francisco Zoo were found a few days later after an anonymous tipster called police. They were located in a house in South San Francisco, apparently victims of theft by two teenagers trying to impress their girlfriends.
Banana-Sam is 17-years old, male and has special nutritional needs, police and zoo officials said. Squirrel moneys are some of the most common monkeys in the Central American rain forests, but they are very shy and skittish.
“Squirrel monkeys are very cute and look like they would make good pets. However, they are wild animals, and prefer the forest much more than a home,” according to the website wildernessclassroom.com.
Anyone with information regarding Banana-Sam's whereabouts is asked to contact the San Francisco Police Department at 415-553-8090.
Wire services contributed to this report.
A YPG fighter fires an anti-tank missile at Turkish-backed rebel positions. Screenshot/YPG via Facebook
US-backed Kurdish fighters battling ISIS in Syria released a video on Saturday showing their fighters destroying a tank being used by Turkish-backed rebels in northwest Syria, Military Times first reported.
"Today at about 9:30 am our forces targeted and destroyed a tank belonging to terrorist groups under the Turkish army's command near Azaz hospital in Afrin's Shera district," the YPG said on Facebook.
The video shows YPG fighters lying on a concrete platform and then firing an anti-tank missile at the tank. The amount of damage or number of casualties is unknown.
Turkey views the YPG as a terrorist group and an extension of the PKK, which has been trying to set up its own Kurdish state within Turkey for decades.
Turkish and YPG forces have been clashing on and off for at least a few months. In late April, the two sides exchanged rocket fire, which Turkey says killed 11 YPG fighters. In another skirmish in July, the YPG claimed they killed three Turkish-backed rebels and wounded four more.
The situation is further complicated by the fact that the US sells or supplies weapons to both Ankara and the YPG.
The YPG also released other videos showing their forces firing 122 mm rockets from Russian-made BM-21 Grad systems at Turkish rebels in northern Syria, Military Times said.
Eric Pahon, a Pentagon spokesperson, told Business Insider that they couldn't go into detail about whether the US supplied the anti-tank missile or Grad systems to the YPG.
Whatever the case, the US supplying the YPG with weapons in the fight against ISIS has angered Turkey and is considered by some to be, at least in part, why Ankara has begun moving more toward Russia.
Syria Democratic Forces fighters on the outskirts of al-Shadadi town, in the Hasaka countryside, Syria. REUTERS/Rodi Said
Aaron Stein, a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council, also told Military Times that the YPG possessing anti-tank missile systems is a "direct threat" to Turkey.
Turkey has consistently reinforced its border along northwestern Syria, where its military and the YPG regularly exchange rocket fire. These incidents have continued unabated because of the lack of US military presence in northwest Syria.
While the US insists that it will collect the weapons it has supplied to the YPG after the fight against ISIS is over, many doubts that will even be possible, and questions remain about what will happen with rising tensions between Turkey and the YPG after ISIS has been defeated.
"We will not leave the [YPG] organization in peace in both Iraq and Syria," Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said on Saturday. "We know that if we do not drain the swamp, we cannot get rid of flies."
Bill Nye, the Mechanical Engineering undergrad who self-identifies as a scientist, is doing more for the conservative movement than that time Michael Moore dropped a MOAB on Hillary Clinton during the election.
You may have heard about Nye's new SJW agenda peddling Netflix show that's bombing – the one which featured an ice-cream orgy and a degenerate performance about transgenderism by Rachel Bloom – a statutory rape advocate whose vagina apparently has a voice:
If you watched that, I'm sorry. Anyway, because of that steaming pile of garbage, normal people on the left are flocking to the right thanks to whatever the fuck that was:
Good job Nye, keep trying to normalize degeneracy – it's become free advertising for the right.
If you enjoy the content at iBankCoin, please follow us on Twitter
This video shows the dramatic moment a car's gas system exploded in a huge ball of fire in Davoren Park, in Adelaide's northern suburbs. Courtesy: Jakub Jakub
A MAN has suffered serious burns after their car exploded when an LPG tank caught fire at Davoren Park.
The man was lucky to escape their Ford 4WD which caught fire on Peachey Rd just after 10am.
Witnesses who rushed to the scene were fortunate to also escape injury when the vehicle exploded, sending debris hurtling 200m (See the blast at 25 seconds in the video, above).
The explosion sparked a fire in the median strip and in a neighbouring backyard, which residents
doused with garden hoses before MFS crews arrived.
The incident happened outside the Aidsa community centre, where dozens of people were enjoying a Christmas breakfast.
Jakub Jakub filmed the fire and huge explosion on their mobile phone.
“After the first explosion the guy was running from the car and then the second explosion happened a minute or two after,” Mr Jakub said.
“It was huge, the whole building was shaking and the tree above the car caught fire, and people
were trying to help put the fire out.”
Local resident Dale Adey came to the scene after hearing a “loud boom”.
“I came out instantly and the fire raced up here, I tried to get to the car but couldn't because it was too hot,” Mr Adey said
They said a piece of the car came flying towards a family standing about 150m from the blast.
“It sent massive pieces of metal flying, I protected one girl and it hit a bloke in the leg because they got in front of it to protect a boy,” Mr Adey said.
A woman, who did not want to be named, said they heard the blast from their home about 1km away.
“I couldn't believe it was all the way over here, I thought someone had blown something up in the burnt-out house next door,” they said.
Another resident said the driver had burns to their face and hands and told witnesses that they are
meant to have their grandchildren in the car at the time.
An SA Ambulance spokesperson said the male driver — who managed to escape the blaze before emergency services arrived — was taken to Royal Adelaide Hospital with “significant burns”.
An MFS spokesperson said the damage bill was expected to be $20,000 — $10,000 for the car and $10,000 to the road.
They also reminded people to get their LPG car cylinders checked regularly.
The man has been taken to Royal Adelaide hospital with “significant burns”.
What are the electoral consequences of net censorship? To sum it up – next to none, at least in terms of sitting ALP members that would be at a decent risk of losing their seats. There will quite possibly be a number of very close contests where, say, 500 people changing their two party vote […]
What are the electoral consequences of net censorship?
To sum it up – next to none, at least in terms of sitting ALP members that would be at a decent risk of losing their seats. There will quite possibly be a number of very close contests where, say, 500 people changing their two party vote over net censorship (out of an electorate of 90,000 odd enrolled voters) would make the difference – but those sorts of line ball results in ultra marginal seats, particularly when the sitting member is likely to be a Coalition representative anyway, often come down to literally dozens of individual issues with the most influential usually being old fashion luck.
There are two seats however that could, possibly, perhaps – maybe, on a strange day where dogs and cats start living together in harmony – become an issue.
First up, if we measure the proportion of the voting population in each electorate that is between 18-34 years olds using the electoral roll data, we find the average proportion of all 150 electorates is around 27%.
If we now just look at those electorates with a relatively high proportion of 18-34 year olds, let say 32% or more (ignoring the Territory seats), and see how their voting metrics played out in the 2007 election we get:
The redistributions have pushed a few of those seats around a bit, but it doesnt make a great deal of difference to what we're looking at here. Before we get into that though, a few things probably need to be cleared up.
Firstly, any new party – say the Pirate Party- that runs in the Reps on an anti-censorship platform will be lucky to get their deposit back in most seats. Even in those seats where they do get 4% or 5% of the vote, it would be unlikely that such a party could control the preference flows of its voters anyway – meaning the electoral impact would be minimal, even in those contests where Pirate Party preferences could decide the seat.
Secondly, generic partisan identification and anti-party identification will matter with preference flows.
Let's say you had 100 voters that would vote for a dedicated anti-censorship minor party – including 40 people that ordinarily vote for Labor at any given election. When it comes down to a two party race between Liberal and Labor – as nearly every metropolitan seat does, those 40 ordinarily Labor voters would then have a decision to make.
They could either pursue a weak form protest and give their primary to a new party but their preferences to Labor over Liberal, or they could pursue a strong form protest by not only giving their primary vote to a new party, but also give their preferences to the party they usually see as their political opposition – the Liberals.
What will inevitably happen is that there will be both strong form and weak form protests – because of generic partisan identification issues – so preferences won't flow from any protest party into the two party preferred of a Liberal Party candidate at any real level of strength, reducing the ultimate electoral power of that protest.
The anti-generic party identification, while also being an issue in the weak vs strong form protest, also becomes an issue for the third party in the best position to ride the protest vehicle in key seats – the Greens.
Some people will not vote Green under any circumstances, which limits the Greens ability to fully maximise their vote by attempting to position themselves as the anti-censorship political vehicle in key seats.
So even if the Greens could ride enough of the protest vote to come second behind the ALP in a seat, there is a significantly large anti-Green identification among Liberal Party voters that would be expected to push the Labor party, ultimately, over the two party preferred line in any ALP vs. Green TPP contest.
If we look at that table again and focus on the seats with the largest proportion of enrolled 18-34 year olds, we can eliminate Griffith for starters since it's not only Rudd's seats, but there is no large Green vote.
So that leaves the three central city seats of Sydney, Brisbane and Melbourne as outside potentials. While the Green vote in Brisbane is the smallest of the three, Andrew Bartlett is standing for the Greens in that seat at the next election, where they will substantially lift the Greens vote anyway, making it more closely resemble Sydney and Melbourne in terms of voting patterns.
To be properly in the game with those seats, the Greens would need to poll nearly 40% on their primary vote. That would require them to reduce the ALP primary down to 40% and the Liberals into the high teens.
Yet that still wouldn't guarantee them a win, because they'd still be forced to rely on a substantial flow of preferences from the remaining Liberal Party vote, which at this point would consist almost entirely of rusted on conservatives and ideological libertarians (these being ultra inner metro seats)
Would a majority of the rusted on Liberal party voters preference the Greens over the ALP? Some might just to stick it to the ALP – but 60%? Not likely considering the nature of the Liberal Party voters at that stage delivering preferences.
Melbourne would probably be the most likely seat for a Green win – but then only possibly, perhaps, maybe, on a very strange day where the stars align and dogs and cats start living together in harmony.
Ultimately, to be sure, the Greens would need to beat Labor on the primary vote – but net censorship in a million years wouldn't deliver that sized swing since it's a third or fourth order issue for most people.
But Lindsay Tanner in Melbourne and Tanya Plibersek in Sydney will still be a little nervous and sniffing the breeze of their local electorate just in case.
The only electoral consequences will likely be in the Senate – in the battle for the final seat or two in each state where 3% of the population make all the difference and where partisan identification is much, much weaker.
UPDATE:
In Melbourne prefs flowed at a high rate in 2007 from Libs to the Greens. Some will argue it can happen again – it could, a really valid argument.
However, it wont flow at the same rate if the Libs vote starts dropping because a larger proportion of Lib primary voters left will have an anti-Green identification – a sort of “those Libs with any Green get up and go, got up and left” effect. Would the reduction in the Lib vote create a small enough reduction in prefs flow to the Greens to let them get over the line against the ALP off a much smaller primary vote- say 32-34%?
I don't think it would – but many others, validly, will argue it could.
(Visited 17 times, 1 visits today)
The Russian military intervention in Syria, which was at first considered a risky bet by Moscow against the jihadists, has transformed itself into a demonstration of power which upsets the strategic balance of the world [1]. Originally conceived to isolate and then destroy the armed groups equipped by states who support the jihadists in violation of the pertinent resolutions of the Security Council, the operation has now blinded all the Western actors and their allies.
The Pentagon is now divided between those who tend to minimise the facts while attempting to find a weakness in the Russian system, and those who, on the contrary, consider that the United States have lost their superiority in terms of conventional wafare, and that it will take long years before they are able to recover it [2].
We remember that in 2008, during the war in South Ossetia, although the Russian forces had managed to repel the Georgian attack, they had above all shown the world the deplorable state of their equipment. And only ten days ago, ex-Secretary of Defence Robert Gates and ex-National Security advisor Condoleezza Rice were describing the Russian army as a « second-rate » force. [3].
So how has the Russian Federation managed to rebuild its defence industry, and to design and produce very high-technology weapons without the Pentagon measuring the importance of the phenomenon, and allowing itself to be over-taken ? Have the Russians used all their new weapons in Syria, or do they have other surprises in reserve ? [4]
The confusion in Washington is so great that the White House has cancelled the official visit by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev and a delegation of the Russian Chief of Staff. This decision was taken after an identical visit to Turkey by a Russian military delegation. There is little point in discussing the operations in Syria, because the Pentagon does not know what is happening there. Furious, the « liberal hawks » and the neo-conservatives are demanding a relaunch of the military budget, and have succeeded in stopping the withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan.
In the most bizarre fashion, the Atlantist commentators who are witnessing the out-distancing of US military power are now denouncing the dangers of Russian imperialism [5]. And yet Russia is only acting to save the Syrian People, and proposing that other states work in collaboration with them, while the United States, when they enjoyed military pre-eminence, imposed their economic system and destroyed a number of states.
We are obliged to note that the hesitant declarations by Washington, published during the Russian deployment before the offensive, should not be interpreted as a slow political adaptation of official rhetoric, but should be understood for what they actually reveal – the fact that the Pentagon did not know the terrain. It had become deaf and blind.
A system of generalised jamming
We know, since the incident of the USS Donald Cook in the Black Sea on the 12th April 2014, that the Russian Air Force has at its disposition a weapon which enables it to jam all radars, all control circuits, all systems for the transmission of information, etc. [6]. Since the beginning of its military deployment, Russia had installed a jamming centre at Hmeymim, to the North of Latakia. Then, suddenly, the USS Donald Cook incident occurred, but this time within a perimeter of 300 kilometres – which includes the NATO base at Incirlik (Turkey). And this is still going on. Because the event happened during a sand-storm of historical proportions, the Pentagon first thought its measuring equipment had malfunctioned, but then discovered that it had been jammed. Completely.
Modern conventional warfare is based on what is known as « C4i » - an acronym which corresponds to the English terms « Command », « Control », « Communications », « Computer » and « intelligence ». The satellites, planes and drones, ships and submarines, tanks and now even the combatants themselves, are all connected to one another by a system of permanent communication, which enables the Chiefs of Staff to oversee and command the fighting more efficiently. It is this entire system - NATO's nervous system – which is presently jammed in Syria and part of Turkey.
According to the Romanian expert Valentin Vasilescu, Russia has installed several Krasukha-4, equipped its planes with SAP-518/ SPS-171 jamming equipment (like the plane that overflew the USS Donald Cook), and its helicopters with the Richag-AV system. Besides this, it is using the spy-ship Priazovye (Project 864 Vishnya class, to use NATO terminology), in the Mediterranean [7].
It seems that Russia has agreed not to interfere with Israëli communications – a US preserve – which means that it will not deploy its jamming system in South Syria.
Russian planes have enjoyed the privilege of violating Turkish airspace many times. Their purpose was not to measure the reaction time of the Turkish Air Force, but to verify the efficiency of their jamming capabililies in the area concerned, and also to keep an eye the installations which are at the disposition of the jihadists in Turkey.
High-performance Cruise missiles
Russia has used several new weapons, like the 26 stealth (or LO technology) cruise missiles (3M-14T Kaliber-NK), equivalent to the American RGM/UGM-109E Tomahawk [8]. Fired by its fleet in the Caspian Sea – with no military necessity – they reached and destroyed 11 targets situated at 1,500 kilometres distance, in the non-jammed area – so that NATO could appreciate their performance. These missiles crossed Iranian and Iraqi airspace at an altitude varying between 50 and 100 metres, depending on the terrain, and flying just four kilometres away from a US drone. None of them were lost, compared to US missiles, which have a margin of error beteen 5 % and 10 %, depending on the models [9]. At the same time, this salvo demonstrated the waste of the incredible sums of money spent on the useless « anti-missile shield » built by the Pentagon around Russia –even though it was officially intended for protection against Iranian launch sites.
Taking into account that these missiles can be fired from submarines situated anywhere in the oceans, and that they can transport nuclear warheads, the Russians have clearly made up for their delay as far as launchers are concerned.
Finally, in the case of a nuclear confrontation, the Russian Federation would be destroyed by the United States – and vice versa – but would win in the case of a conventional war.
Only the Russians and the Syrians are capable of evaluating the situation on the ground. All the other military information from other sources, including the jihadists, are without foundation, since only Russia and Syria have an overall picture of the terrain. Moscow and Damascus intend to profit as far as possible from their advantage, and are therefore keeping their operations secret.
From the official communiqués and the confidences of certain officers, we may conclude that at least 5,000 jihadists have been killed, including several leaders of Ahrar el-Sham, al-Qaïda and the Islamic Emirate. At least 10,000 mercenaries have fled to Turkey, Iraq and Jordan. The Syrian Arab Army and Hezbollah have re-captured the area without waiting for the promised Iranian reinforcements.
The bombing campaign should end by the Orthodox Christmas. The question which will then have to be answered is whether or not Russia will be authorised to finish its job by pursuing the jihadists who have found refuge in Turkey, Iraq and Jordan. Failing this, Syria will have been saved, but the problem will still not have been resolved. The Muslim Brotherhood will not fail to seek revenge, and the United States will not fail to use them again against other targets.
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump aren't the only candidates in the midst of an intense campaign.
On Monday night, as those two political operatives offer points and counter-points in the first of a series of debates between the two presidential hopefuls, web-domain service GoDaddy.com will launch an election-themed salvo of its own. In spots set to run during pre-debate coverage on CNN and post-event analysis on CBS and Fox News Channel, a person with the face of the company's “GoDaddy Guy” will make the case to an assemblage of patriotic Americans that they are free to use the company's services to turn their own ideas into reality. “There is no other candidate that's more affordable,” the character says in the spot.
“This election cycle is expected to draw unprecedented audiences for the debates,” said Barb Rechterman, GoDaddy's chief marketing officer, in an interview. “It's a welcome opportunity.” A follow-up TV commercial from GoDaddy is slated to air in proximity to the second presidential debate in October, the company said.
The price to take part isn't cheap – though it is considerably less dear than a Super Bowl berth (something GoDaddy once knew a lot more about). CBS is seeking between $200,000 and $225,000 for a 30-second ad during its post-debate coverage, according to Rechterman and other people familiar with the matter. The cable-news networks, meanwhile, are prodding advertisers who want to run commercials adjacent to the debate to buy larger packages of ad inventory in exchange for the access. The debates themselves run commercial free, but the networks are free to devise opportunities for content that airs prior to and after the events.
Related GoDaddy, Super Bowl's Rogue Advertiser, Will Leave The Game
The first debate, set to air Monday, September 26, will air between 9 p.m. and 10:30 p.m. across CBS, NBC and MSNBC, ABC, Fox and Fox News Channel, CSPAN and CNN.
Expectations among TV networks and advertisers are high for the debates. In 2012, about 67 million people tuned in to watch President Barack Obama square off against Republican contender Mitt Romney in the first debate of that cycle. Given the outsize attention being paid to this year's race, media buyers are estimating total viewership may be even higher. Fox News Channel delivered 24 million viewers last August for the very first primary debate, setting an all-time record for the highest-rated non-sports program on basic cable.
NBC is sold out of ad inventory for its debate coverage and its sister outlet, MSNBC, is nearly sold out, according to a person familiar with the situation. CBS also has full support from advertisers for the event, a person familiar with the network said, and is seeing stronger demand from automobile marketers, movie studios, pharmaceutical manufacturers and technology advertisers than it did in 2012.
GoDaddy has a lot of experience talking to some of TV's biggest crowds, yet recently turned away from one of the medium's largest. Super Bowl 50 was the first gridiron classic not to contain a commercial from the Scottsdale, Arizona company since 2005. Now, said Rechterman, the web-services company sees the coming debate as a chance to get its name out in much the same way the football game does.
The company needs to do a mix of different kinds of advertising, they said, using some of the broad-reach variety and some that aims for specific groups of consumers. “We are going to use this election season to get a lot of reach, and then understand that we are going to come in and do some very good targeted advertising that is going to help us pull through,” they said. GoDaddy's election-themed spots will continue to air through November.
Although it seems as if everyone is preparing to watch the debates, advertising during them may not be for everyone. Advertisers who are seen favoring a certain candidate over the other or embracing a particular set of political talking points may lose part of the crowd. GoDaddy, they said, is relying on humor to get its message across. The only thing political about its ad, they said, is its setting.
John Boehner after being re-elected as speaker of the House during the opening session of the 113th House of Representatives
Photo by SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images
The 113th Congress was sworn in today, leaving to the harsh critique of historians the 112th Congress. It likely to be remembered as among the least useful in memory. Rabid voices in both chambers were able to stop everything from confirmations to treaties to meaningful negotiations on taxes and spending and the debt ceiling.
Two changes are needed, one in each chamber, to restore the legislative branch to its useful role as a deliberative body rather than a forum for hostage taking. In the Senate, filibuster reform is the key. We will know by the end of January if Senator Majority Leader Reid is willing to push for genuine reform. While the needed rule changes would ordinarily have to be made in the first few days of the new Congress, Sen. Reid has kept the window open until late in the month. I am not pleased at the delay. It signals that there may not already be enough votes for reform immediately, or that Reid is keeping filibuster reform as a card to play in the month of debt ceiling negotiations with Senate Minority Leader McConnell. Either way, I am not comforted.
In the House, the filibuster equivalent has been the Hastert rule, an informal Republican principle under which the speaker permits to the floor for a vote only bills that have majority support of the majority party. This has empowered the extreme right wing of the Republican Party. Speaker John Boehner ignored the Hastert rule in permitting the legislation that overcame the “fiscal cliff” to get to the floor. The bill passed with only 85 Republican votes, drawing most of its support from the Democratic side of the aisle. Boehner was then barely re-elected as speaker.
If the House is to permit reasoned centrist bills to move forward, it must get comfortable with ignoring the Hastert rule. That would permit a centrist coalition of Democrats and Republicans to circumvent the Tea Party wing.
If the filibuster and the Hastert rule are not overcome, the 113th Congress will begin very quickly to look like the 112th, and we will all lose.
Deandre Antonio Yates (Credit: Cobb County Sheriff's Office)
UPDATE: Yates was booked into the Cobb County Adult Detention Center March 9.  They are charged with aggravated assault and possession of a firearm during the commission of a crime.
ORIGINAL STORY: A Subway store employee shot a man who police say tried to rob the Cobb County restaurant Monday morning.
The armed robbery call came in to Acworth police about 10:25 a.m., spokesperson Capt. Mark Cheatham told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
Deandre Antonio Yates, 20, of Cincinnati, walked in alone to the Subway at 3305 Acworth Oaks Drive, near Baker Road, Cheatham said.
A worker performing maintenance service for the business shot Yates in the chest, Cheatham said. Yates ran out of the restaurant and, minutes later, Kennesaw police got a call about a man having been shot, Cheatham said.
Yates was at Kennesaw Medical Center, but they did not drive themselves there, Cheatham said.
They were taken to WellStar Kennestone Hospital. Police said later that they made it through surgery and will likely survive.
Cheatham said detectives are seeking other people who may have been involved.
In other news:
“Every human-made thing you see is something that no one person could possibly make alone.” – Donald Boudreaux, Globalization, p. 3
In a recent op-ed for the Wall Street Journal, Senator Ron Wyden (D-OR) correctly pointed out that the U.S. corporate tax rate of 35% is too high, and is “painfully complicated.” He's right that the rate should come down, but their reasoning for why leaves much to be desired.
The complicated tax code by their correct reasoning is eternally gamed, and because it is, Wyden laments that “America's tax base erodes at a cost of hundreds of billions of dollars of revenue.” The latter is where Wyden first gets it wrong.
Neither the U.S. nor its citizenry is hurt when the federal government collects less in the way of revenue. While it's no doubt true that a less complicated, flatter, and lower corporate tax code would be good for federal revenues, this should not be the goal of voters or the politicians who serve them.
The reasons for this are basic. Whatever one's ideology, politicians are by definition lousy allocators of capital. This isn't true because of the political party or ideology they're attached to, but is instead true because politicians don't face market discipline when they appropriate funds. Whereas businesses that consistently mis-allocate capital frequently find themselves starved of investment altogether, politicians have an endless stream of revenue they can tap no matter the worth of the projects they're backing.
Because the above is true, the goal of any tax plan should be to reduce the price placed on work and economic activity that taxes represent, and to similarly reduce the inflow of dollars to Washington. This is not an ideological point. Whether it's Nancy Pelosi, John Boehner, Mitch McConnell, Harry Reid, or even someone with libertarian leanings like Sen. Rand Paul, politicians cannot effectively put capital to work in ways that boost the economy as well as Warren Buffett, Paul Tudor Jones, Tom Steyer, Jeff Bezos and Ken Fisher can. Politicians to a man and woman all worship at the altar of jobs and job creation, and because they do, they should as much as possible want to keep growth capital in the private sector where it can do the most good for the people they serve.
Wyden goes on to argue that the high corporate tax rate means that “America” “loses good jobs, talent, investment, and the ability to compete on a global stage.” Their argument is that the high rate drives U.S. companies into the arms of foreign buyers, and as a result, we lose. This is false.
The reality is that foreign investment isn't just about tax rates as evidenced by the long history (referenced by Wyden) of foreigners investing and buying U.S. companies. Foreign investment is all too often about knowledge, it's about learning new ways of doing things, and it's about gaining easier access to new markets. To the extent that American ideas achieve full flower thanks to the knowledge inputs of foreign buyers, we all benefit. The sales of U.S. companies to foreign buyers is most often a sign of our economic strength, and an increasingly robust presence in the global economy. Sales to foreign buyers in no way signal an economic retreat, nor a weakened outlook for admittedly nervous Americans.
To suggest that they do is the equivalent of saying that India, China and West Virginia were hurt by Bill Gates's decision to locate Microsoft in Seattle. In truth, all benefited from the rise of Microsoft, and if the latter were to move to Zurich tomorrow, all three would similarly benefit. Google is presently based in northern California, but can anyone say with a straight face that their ability to capably use its search innovations would be hamstrung were Google headquartered in Sri Lanka?
Considering Gates again, no doubt they could have achieved in myriad professional ways, but thanks to largely free global trade, Gates was able to pursue their comparative advantage of software development. It's possible they would have been a skilled investment banker, advertiser or salesperson too, but the fact that they left that work to others, including non-Microsoft companies, in no way set them back.
The simple truth is that some things are best left to others, including foreigners. In the U.S. we import televisions from Japan, shoes from Italy and bananas from Guatemala, but the fact that those businesses from whom we import have a foreign address in no way hamstrings our ability “to compete on a global stage.” The fact that we buy so frequently from foreign producers doesn't weaken us, rather it makes us even more competitive on the global stage. Indeed, we import televisions, shoes and bananas, and because we do we have more time to create Microsoft, Intel, and Cisco.
Free trade is beautiful not because it creates jobs, but because it allows us to as much as possible do the jobs we're best at, and because we're best at them, act as productively as possible. Former baseball great Dave Winfield could have played professional basketball or football if they had wanted to (he was drafted in all three sports), but they were comparatively best at baseball. That they stuck to their best sport despite having had the skills to play others didn't enervate him, rather it maximized their professional success.
Americans should view corporations and where they're located in the same way. Trade and commerce are not war, instead they represent exchange among the proverbial Dave Winfields of different business concepts. That American businesses have foreign owners, or that we buy a great deal from foreigners is a sign of evolved economic strength, not weakness. When foreigners achieve, this is no way signals a reduction in our ability to compete. It in a normal, capitalist world signals the opposite simply because work specialization from others means we're most likely to be able to do the work most suited to our greatest skills.
To their credit Wyden wants to bring down the U.S. corporate tax rate, but only by a third. In their view this will make U.S. firms more competitive, and on its face that's hard to argue with. But why reduce the tax by only a third?
Better it would be to erase the tax altogether if competition is the goal. Oddly enough, the act of doing so would probably lead to increased foreign investment in the U.S., and increased purchases of U.S. companies by foreigners. Untaxed U.S. corporations would be very focused corporations able to spend all their time working to serve shareholders and customers instead of wasting enormous resources and time navigating the tax code. Untaxed U.S. businesses would be very attractive the world over, and there would be a growing rush of foreign investment into the U.S. looking to profit from companies able to spend all their time on profitable endeavors.
More to the point, corporations are a fiction. Corporations are you and me, and they are because we're the owners of them through our purchase of their shares. When corporations are taxed, that means we face not just a penalty on our income, but on our savings that we compile through investment in businesses. If these corporations pay out dividends we're taxed on those earnings too, and then if we sell, we face a capital gains levy. Think about that for a moment. Despite the fact that all businesses and jobs exist thanks to individuals delaying consumption in favor of savings, we're penalized for doing so at least three different times.
What's most troubling about this is that if we as individuals simply consume all of our income on booze, women and vacations, we face no tax for doing so. But if we put our money behind ideas that will advance the economy and create jobs, we're penalized through the corporate tax, dividend taxes, and through capital gains.
What this tells us is that the correct corporate tax isn't 25% or 10%, rather it's zero. Lest we forget, we are the corporations that politicians seek to tax either at 35%, or in Wyden's case, at a lower rate.
Wyden is correct that many businesses do not pay the 35% tax, that they game the system, but the fact that they do speaks even more loudly to abolishing the corporate tax altogether. Indeed, the dirty little secret about high taxation is that it's heavenly for politicians. It is not because the tax is high, but because the high rate allows them to hand out favors to businesses seeking to reduce the rate.
The above is important in light of Wyden's desire to make us more competitive “on the global stage.” Rather than do what they're best at through innovation, companies are forced by the tax code to expend sick-inducing amounts of human and financial capital to get around the tax code. Resources that could boost profitability and render American firms even more competitive are wasted on lobbyists wise to the ways of Washington, and on accountants smart about playing the tax code. A complicated tax code means the facilitators thrive at the expense of the producers. There's your lack of competitiveness.
Wyden understands all of this to a degree, but like most politicians he's unwilling to make a coherent case. Taxes on corporations should be zeroed out with an eye on reducing Washington's intake, and with a similar eye on allowing the companies we all own to focus as much as possible on innovation and profits.
So let's not bash foreign purchases of U.S. companies. The latter occurs for many non-tax reasons, and in no way harms us. It's a sign of our amazing economic dynamism despite the tax code, and speaks to strength. Indeed, the day foreigners stop buying U.S. companies will be a sign not that the tax code has been simplified, but that it's become too complicated even for industrious Americans to get around.
Ten years ago yesterday Amazon evangelist Jeff Barr posted a 222-word post on the Amazon Web Services Blog that opened:
Earlier today we rolled out Amazon S3, our reliable, highly scalable, low-latency data storage service.
Until then Amazon Web Services had primarily been about providing developers with a way to tap into the Amazon retail store; S3, though, had nothing at all to do with retail, at least not directly.
The Origin of AWS
As Brad Stone detailed in The Store, by the early 2000s Amazon was increasingly constrained by the fact the various teams in the company were all served by one monolithic technical team that had to authorize and spin up resources for every project. Stone wrote:
At the same time, Bezos became enamored with a book called Creation, by Steve Grand, the developer of a 1990s video game called Creatures that allowed players to guide and nurture a seemingly intelligent organism on their computer screens. Grand wrote that their approach to creating intelligent life was to focus on designing simple computational building blocks, called primitives, and then sit back and watch surprising behaviors emerge. The book…helped to crystallize the debate over the problems with the company's own infrastructure. If Amazon wanted to stimulate creativity among its developers, it shouldn't try to guess what kind of services they might want; such guesses would be based on patterns of the past. Instead, it should be creating primitives — the building blocks of computing — and then getting out of the way. In other words, it needed to break its infrastructure down into the smallest, simplest atomic components and allow developers to freely access them with as much flexibility as possible.
The “primitives” model modularized Amazon's infrastructure, effectively transforming raw data center components into storage, computing, databases, etc. which could be used on an ad-hoc basis not only by Amazon's internal teams but also outside developers:
This AWS layer in the middle has several key characteristics:
AWS has massive fixed costs but benefits tremendously from economies of scale
The cost to build AWS was justified because the first and best customer is Amazon's e-commerce business
AWS's focus on “primitives” meant it could be sold as-is to developers beyond Amazon, increasing the returns to scale and, by extension, deepening AWS' moat
This last point was a win-win: developers would have access to enterprise-level computing resources with zero up-front investment; Amazon, meanwhile, would get that much more scale for a set of products for which they would be the first and best customer.
The AWS Tax
To say that AWS succeeded in its mission is a wild understatement: the impact on developers is exactly what AWS head Andy Jassy wrote in their vision statement. Stone summarized thusly:
The paper laid out the expanded AWS mission: “to enable developers and companies to use Web services to build sophisticated and scalable applications”… “We tried to imagine a student in a dorm room who would have at their or their disposal the same infrastructure as the largest companies in the world,” Jassy says. “We thought it was a great playing-field leveler for startups and smaller companies to have the same cost structure as big companies.”
It was, and nearly every startup of note to be founded in the last several years has started on AWS or one of its competitors. The true measure of AWS' impact, though, was the way it transformed the ecosystem around developers, including venture capital.
The effect on Amazon has been equally significant: I detailed last year how the revelation of AWS' financial results was effectively a Facebook-level IPO, and subsequent earnings reports in which AWS has demonstrated the power of scale — increased revenue plus increased margins — have only solidified the fact that AWS will be a substantial driver of Amazon's revenue and (eventual!) profits for a long time to come. Social+Capital Founder Chamath Palihapitiya, when asked what company they would invest in if they could only choose one, responded on Quora:
AWS is a tax on the compute economy. So whether you care about mobile apps, consumer apps, IoT, SaaS etc, more companies than not will be using AWS vs building their own infrastructure. Ecommerce was AMZN's way to dogfood AWS, and continue to do so so that it was mission grade. If you believe that over time the software industry is a multi, deca-trillion industry, then ask yourself how valuable a company would be who taxes the majority of that industry? 1%, 2%, 5% — it doesn't matter because the numbers are so huge — the revenues, profits, profit margins etc. I don't see any cleaner monopoly available to buy in the public markets right now.
The monopoly Palihapitiya is referring to is based on the scale effects I noted above: the larger AWS becomes, the greater advantage Amazon has in pricing AWS' services, which means they can earn ever more business, which increases their advantage even more. The net result is that for all but the largest cloud-based companies this advantage, combined with the flexibility AWS affords (which is critical both operationally and financially), will lead to the inevitable conclusion that Amazon ought to service all their infrastructure needs; the payments they make for this service are Palihapitiya's “tax”.
What is worth considering, though, is the possibility that just as AWS' effect on developers spread out into the broader startup ecosystem, it increasingly seems that AWS' impact on Amazon itself goes far beyond its already substantial contribution to the bottom line. Amazon may have started as, to use Stone's title, “The Store,” but its future is to be a tax collector for a whole host of industries that benefit from the economies of scale, and AWS is the model.
The Transformation of Amazon's E-Commerce Business
Longtime readers will recall that I went through my Amazon bear phase back in 2014; it was AWS that led me to recant. Even when I recanted, though, I argued that my bearish analysis about Amazon's e-commerce business had been sound:
Amazon's “Media” business of books, CDs, DVDs, and video games was providing the vast majority of “profits”, but this business was shrinking as a percentage of Amazon's total sales and, given secular trends in media, likely to continue to shrink on an absolute basis
“Electronics and General Merchandise” was growing rapidly, but the nature of goods being sold meant there was relatively little margin to be had
What, though, if Amazon is content with making no margin on the sale of “Electronics and General Merchandise”? I don't mean this in the Mathew Yglesias sense, that Amazon “is a charitable organization being run by elements of the investment community for the benefit of consumers”; rather, what if the business model of Amazon's e-commerce business has changed to “tax” collection?
Consider Costco: last year the wholesale retailer had net income of $2.3 billion on sales of $114 billion to its over 81 million members; the total sum of membership fees was $2.5 billion. In other words, Costco's 11% gross margin didn't even quite cover the cost of running the business; the difference, along with all of the profit, came from a “tax” levied on Costco customers.
I would contend Prime memberships play the same role for Amazon: the non-AWS parts of the business last year generated $2.6 billion in operating profit; meanwhile, Consumer Intelligent Research Partners (CIRP) estimates that Amazon now has 54 million Prime members, which at $99/member would generate $5.3 billion in revenue; the difference in profitability for Amazon's e-commerce business, such as it is, comes from a “tax” levied on Amazon's best customers.
In fact, though, I think even this analysis is too narrow: e-commerce is inexorably taking over more and more of the U.S. retail sector in particular, and Amazon is taking over 50% of that e-commerce growth. Combine this reality with the growth in Prime and Amazon is effectively on its way towards collecting a tax on all retail.
Again, though, just as is the case with AWS, this tax is one that consumers willingly embrace: Prime is a super experience with superior prices and superior selection, and it too feeds into a scale play. The result is a business that looks like this:
That is, of course, the same structure as AWS — and it shares similar characteristics:
E-commerce distribution has massive fixed costs but benefits tremendously from economies of scale
The cost to build-out Amazon's fulfillment centers was justified because the first and best customer is Amazon's e-commerce business
That last bullet point may seem odd, but in fact 40% of Amazon's sales (on a unit basis) are sold by 3rd-party merchants; most of these merchants leverage Fulfilled-by-Amazon, which means their goods are stored in Amazon's fulfillment centers and covered by Prime. This increases the return to scale for Amazon's fulfillment centers, increases the value of Prime, and deepens Amazon's moat
The “tax” analogy extends beyond Prime; for example, Amazon is taking a portion of these 3rd-party sales, and a greater portion of revenue from goods they sell directly. The effect, though, is consistent: Amazon is collecting a “tax” on a massive industry and no one minds because Amazon's scale ensures the best prices and the best experience.
Logistics and the Echo
It seems increasingly clear that Amazon intends to repeat the model when it comes to logistics: after experimenting with six planes last year the company recently leased 20 more to flesh out its private logistics network; this is on top of registering its China subsidiary as an ocean freight forwarder. No surprise that, as the Wall Street Journal noted:
In a securities filing, Amazon for the first time identified “companies that provide fulfillment and logistics services for themselves or for third parties, whether online or offline” as competition. And it referred to itself as a “transportation service provider.” In both cases, it marked the first time Amazon included such language in its annual report, known as a 10-K.
So how might this play out?
Well, start with the fact that Amazon itself would be this logistics network's first-and-best customer, just as was the case with AWS. This justifies the massive expenditure necessary to build out a logistics network that competes with UPS, FedEx, et al, and most outlets are framing these moves as a way for Amazon to rein in shipping costs and improve reliability, especially around the holidays.
However, I think it is a mistake to think that Amazon will stop there: just as they have with AWS and e-commerce distribution I expect the company to offer its logistics network to third parties, which will increase the returns to scale, and, by extension, deepen Amazon's eventual moat.
The much-buzzed about Echo fits this model too: all of the usual suspects can build out the various pieces of the connected home; Amazon will simply provide the linchpin, the Echo's cost a “tax” on the connected home.
A Primitive Organization
Bezos' famed 1997 shareholder letter makes clear the roots of this model were in place from the beginning. Specifically, Bezos is very focused on the power of scale:
The stronger our market leadership, the more powerful our economic model. Market leadership can translate directly to higher revenue, higher profitability, greater capital velocity, and correspondingly stronger returns on invested capital…we choose to prioritize growth because we believe that scale is central to achieving the potential of our business model.
It's equally clear, though, that Bezos didn't then fully appreciate that their model would extend far beyond e-commerce; that, though, is why Amazon's internal organization is such a strength. The company is organized with multiple relatively independent teams, each with their own P&L, accountabilities, and distributed decision-making. Stone explains an early Bezos initiative (emphasis mine):
The entire company, they said, would restructure itself around what they called “two-pizza teams.” Employees would be organized into autonomous groups of fewer than ten people — small enough that, when working late, the team members could be fed with two pizza pies. These teams would be independently set loose on Amazon's biggest problems…Bezos was applying a kind of chaos theory to management, acknowledging the complexity of their organization by breaking it down to its most basic parts in the hopes that surprising results might emerge.
Stone later writes that two-pizza teams didn't ultimately make sense everywhere, but as they noted in a follow-up article the company remains very flat with responsibility widely distributed. And there, in those “most basic parts”, are the primitives that lend themselves to both scale and experimentation. Remember the quote above describing how Bezos and team arrived at the idea for AWS:
If Amazon wanted to stimulate creativity among its developers, it shouldn't try to guess what kind of services they might want; such guesses would be based on patterns of the past. Instead, it should be creating primitives — the building blocks of computing — and then getting out of the way.
Steven Sinofsky is fond of noting that organizations tend to ship their org chart, and while I began by suggesting Amazon was duplicating the AWS model, it turns out that the AWS model was in many respects a representation of Amazon itself (just as the iPhone in many respects reflects Apple's unitary organization): create a bunch of primitives, get out of the way, and take a nice skim off the top.
The 'MINI Clubman Vision Gran Turismo' revs its engines for the first time
Hi everyone, today see's the launch of another great update for Gran Turismo 6 with new cars, features and more being rolled out.
Read on for more details on what you can expect to see when you boot up GT6 today…
Vision Gran Turismo – MINI
The collection of Vision Gran Turismo cars continues to grow with the release of the brand new “MINI Clubman Vision Gran Turismo”.
Once the update has completed installation you can purchase the car from the [Vision GT] option within the [CARS] section in “My Home”. However, you can also get the car by completing a lap (regardless of the lap time) in the new Seasonal Event – hurry though, this opportunity is only available for a limited time.
New track: Mid-Field Raceway
The popular, original track from previous Gran Turismo's makes a comeback in a new and improved version. This high speed circuit is built on a mountain landscape full of inclines and descents. Made tougher by its famous grade separated crossing where the direction of the lap circle changes, and its long flat out sections and mid to high speed corners – this is a true challenge for all GT fans.
New feature: B-Spec Mode
Launched today, the “B-Spec” mode (where an AI driver can race on your behalf) is now available in all Career Mode race events. You can use B-Spec for those races that you might find difficult to complete such as some of the longer endurance races, or maybe you just want to sit back and enjoy watching the race. You can select [B-Spec] from the Quick Menu displayed before the start of an event races of [Career Mode].
Additional updates
“Paint” options expanded: The [Paint] options have been expanded and it is now possible to paint the custom rear wings. In addition, the option [Select from an already painted colour.] has been added to the Paint menu to make it easier to paint the body and the wings with the same colour.
The [Paint] options have been expanded and it is now possible to paint the custom rear wings. In addition, the option [Select from an already painted colour.] has been added to the Paint menu to make it easier to paint the body and the wings with the same colour. Additional cars available to paint: It is now possible to paint the body of the “Mazda LM55 Vision Gran Turismo” and the “Chevrolet 2X Vision Gran Turismo”.
It is now possible to paint the body of the “Mazda LM55 Vision Gran Turismo” and the “Chevrolet 2X Vision Gran Turismo”. Other improvements and adjustments: The steering wheel controller force feedback has been weakened for the Red Bull X Series Fan Car.
The steering wheel controller force feedback has been weakened for the Red Bull X Series Fan Car. It is now possible to view the content of the Seasonal Events from the Community features available on gran-turismo.com
For more details on each of the above features, please refer to the online manual on gran-turismo.com. Happy racing!
(CNN) -- Three major earthquakes struck within an hour and 10 minutes Thursday morning near Vanuatu in the South Pacific, prompting a tsunami warning that was quickly lifted.
Thursday's quakes struck near Vanuatu in the South Pacific.
They were part of series of nine moderate-to-major quakes that rattled the region in just over four hours.
The first quake, with a magnitude of 7.8, struck at 9:03 a.m. (6:03 p.m. ET) at a depth of 35 km (22 miles) and an epicenter 295 km (180 miles) north-northwest of Luganville, Espiritu Santo, Vanuatu, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
A second quake, with a magnitude of 7.7, struck 15 minutes later at the same depth and an epicenter of 340 km (210 miles) north-northwest of Luganville.
The third quake, with a magnitude of 7.1, struck at 10:13 a.m. (7:13 p.m. ET) at about the same depth and an epicenter of 280 km (175 miles) north-northwest of Luganville.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center issued and then quickly lifted a regional tsunami warning and watch for parts of the Pacific near the first earthquake's epicenter.
The first data from a buoy at Luganville on Vanuatu detected a tsunami wave of 4 centimeters (1.6 inches) at Luganville on Vanuatu, said Victor Sardina, a geophysicist with the center. Have you been affected? Share photos, video on iReport
A second pulse of the wave was 10 centimeters (3.9 inches), they said. "It looks like a very small wave," they told CNN in a telephone interview.
There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries, Sardina said.
The two major quakes that followed the first one were aftershocks, Sardina said. When there's a big quake, the pattern they follow is after the first quake, a second and then a third," they said. "Those are obviously related," they said.
At the Hotel Le Paris in Noumea, the capital of New Caledonia, the manager told CNN that they felt the shake but had not seen any damage.
On Espiritu Santo Island in Vanuatu, dive-shop owner Rehan Syed said they were aware of no reports of damages or injuries.
"We have the sun out and winds are pretty normal," they told CNN. "Pretty cloudy skies but nothing more than that."
"We felt the quake (my chair and my keyboard moved) but did not take too much notice as we live with shakes every week," said John Nicholls of Vanuatu Hotels in an e-mail.
At the New Caledonia Hotel, guests were evacuated to higher ground, General Manager Torani George told CNN, adding that they had felt "nothing, nothing at all."
"There is no panic, nothing," they said.
CNN's Lonzo Cook and Jessica Jordan contributed to this story.
All About U.S. Geological Survey • Earthquakes • Pacific Tsunami Warning Center
Apink - Pink Luv
DaebaKpoPrices is a tumblr blog that compares prices of KPOP albums, DVDs, photobooks, etc. We are dedicated to finding the most affordable prices for KPOP merchandises. Requests are always welcomed.
***Please do not copy & paste our posts anywhere else. You may share by linking others to our post.***
Click “Read More” to see price comparison.
________________________________________________________
DvdHeaven
Shipping & Handling Excluded:
$11.10 ALBUM ONLY ☆
$11.10 ALBUM + FOLDED poster ☆
$12.90 ALBUM + UNFOLDED poster ☆
Shipping & Handling to the USA:
$16.95 ALBUM ONLY (WITHOUT Tracking)
$19.20 ALBUM ONLY (WITH Tracking)
$16.95 ALBUM + FOLDED poster (WITHOUT Tracking)
$19.20 ALBUM + FOLDED poster (WITH Tracking)
$22.48 ALBUM + UNFOLDED poster (WITHOUT Tracking)
$24.73 ALBUM + UNFOLDED poster (WITH Tracking)
KpopMart
Shipping & Handling Excluded:
$12.90 ALBUM ONLY ☆
$12.90 ALBUM + UNFOLDED poster
Shipping & Handling to the USA:
$24.70 ALBUM ONLY (WITHOUT Tracking)
$24.70 ALBUM + UNFOLDED poster (WITHOUT Tracking)
KpopPlus
Shipping & Handling Excluded:
$13.80 ALBUM ONLY ☆
$15.80 ALBUM + FOLDED poster
$18.80 ALBUM + UNFOLDED poster
Shipping & Handling to the USA:
$21.70 ALBUM ONLY (WITHOUT Tracking)
$25.70 ALBUM ONLY (WITH Tracking)
$23.70 ALBUM + FOLDED poster (WITHOUT Tracking)
$27.70 ALBUM + FOLDED poster (WITH Tracking)
$26.70 ALBUM + UNFOLDED poster (WITHOUT Tracking)
$30.70 ALBUM + UNFOLDED poster (WITH Tracking)
KpopTown
Shipping & Handling Excluded:
$12.40 ALBUM ONLY ☆
$14.40 ALBUM + FOLDED poster
$17.40 ALBUM + UNFOLDED poster
Shipping & Handling to the USA:
$18.70 ALBUM ONLY (WITHOUT Tracking)
$21.30 ALBUM ONLY (WITH Tracking)
$20.70 ALBUM + FOLDED poster (WITHOUT Tracking)
$23.30 ALBUM + FOLDED poster (WITH Tracking)
$23.70 ALBUM + UNFOLDED poster (WITHOUT Tracking)
$26.30 ALBUM + UNFOLDED poster (WITH Tracking)
MWAVE SHOP -> NOT AVAILABLE YET
Shipping & Handling Excluded:
$—.— ALBUM ONLY ☆
Shipping & Handling to the USA:
$—.— ALBUM ONLY (WITH Tracking)
Soompi Shop -> NOT AVAILABLE YET
Shipping & Handling Excluded:
$—.— ALBUM ONLY ☆
Shipping & Handling to the USA:
$—.— ALBUM ONLY (WITH Tracking)
YesAsia
Shipping & Handling Excluded:
$19.99 ALBUM ONLY ☆
$29.99 ALBUM + 2 UNFOLDED posters ☆
Shipping & Handling to the USA:
$24.98 ALBUM ONLY (WITHOUT Tracking)
$36.98 ALBUM + 2 UNFOLDED poster (WITHOUT Tracking)
_________________________________________________________
☆ = Link to product
Last Updated : November 21, 2014
Please note that the prices listed here may change since the last update
The co-main event for the upcoming FOX UFC Fight Night card in Chicago is now official as Anthony "Rumble" Johnson will face former title contender Glover Teixeira on July 23.
UFC officials confirmed the fight to FOX Sports on Thursday.
The Johnson-Teixeira matchup has been teased for several weeks after UFC president Dana White hinted that they liked the idea of that fight following the last FOX card in April.
Article continues below ...
Teixeira landed the fight after they dispatched Johnson's teammate Rashad Evans with a vicious first round knockout last month.
The win over Evans put Teixeira on a three-fight win streak with each of those bouts ending with TKO or submission.
To get their fourth win in a row, Teixeira is going to have to go through one of the most fearsome light heavyweight fighters on the planet.
Johnson has been a force of nature since returning to the UFC in 2014, racking up a 5-1 record overall, with their only loss coming to current light heavyweight champion Daniel Cormier.
Most recently, Johnson walked through Ryan Bader in less than a round, bludgeoning the former "Ultimate Fighter" winner with punches on the ground to win their second straight fight in the Octagon.
Now Johnson will look to secure a title shot against the winner of the UFC 200 main event between Cormier and Jon Jones when they face Teixeira in July.
Johnson vs. Teixeira is the latest addition to the growing card taking place in Chicago. Stay tuned for more fights to be added in the coming weeks.
John Krasinski has landed a role in director Kathryn Bigelow's film about the Detroit riots of 1967. (Photo: Brad Barket, Getty Images)
The latest actor to join the Detroit riot movie is John Krasinski, according to an announcement Tuesday from Annapurna Pictures.
Best known for playing Jim on NBC's "The Office," Krasinski is now busy with film work. They had a leading role in "13 Hours," the Benghazi action movie from director Michael Bay. They also star in and directed the upcoming comedy-drama "The Hollars" with Richard Jenkins, Margo Martindale and Anna Kendrick. It opens in metro Detroit on Sept. 23.
Krasinski will play a character in "The Untitled Detroit Project," as the movie about the five-day 1967 event that devastated the city is being called. The film is being shot in the Boston region, but is expected to do at least some filming in Detroit before production wraps.
John Boyega of "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" and Anthony Mackie of the "Avengers" franchise are among the big names included in the film. It also will feature rising actors like Jason Mitchell of "Straight Outta Compton" and Hannah Murray of HBO's "Game of Thrones."
Oscar winner Kathryn Bigelow is directing the project, which is described as a crime drama set amidst the riot.
Contact Julie Hinds: 313-222-6427 or jhinds@freepress.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2cXrG7t
Square Enix's section of the E3 2016 floor was lit up with a huge variety of games for everyone to try. I took the chance to play Star Ocean 5: Integrity and Faithlessness while I was there, and as a Star Ocean fan, I was really happy with the section of the game I played.
The set up had a few different stations that were all at various points in the game. For example, one was placed at what I can only guess was the beginning of the game as Fidel was the only party member.
The station I took over was presumably quite a bit later in the game, as I was given all 7 party members to play with. The map I was running through was some form of cave area.
The demo appeared to not be timed, and I picked up where the player before me left off, so it's hard to say what exactly was going on. However, I played through the entirety of the area, and it culminated in a difficult fight – whether it was an actual boss I'm not sure, though.
The game as a whole felt more like Star Ocean 3: Til The End Of Time to me as opposed to The Last Hope. For me personally, that was a big plus. The battle gameplay felt great – the characters were all fun to play around with, and it was fun to see a bunch of classic skills come back.
Taking enemies out with Flying Guillotine or Hammer of Might felt great. Characters were pretty well varied, with everything from standard swordplay available from Fidel to quicker swordplay or even a crossbow with Viktor and Emmerson respectively.
I did have the option to set battle skills through the menu, though there weren't a particularly large number to choose from. To that end, most of what was available were all older skills, which was worrying.
It's ultimately hard to judge what should be a long RPG on a few minutes worth of gameplay. However, the battle system was certainly Star Ocean, and it was certainly fun.
The best part of the whole experience was the party members though. Even when you've got the full party, every single party member takes part in battles as well as walks around the map with you.
While we all knew this already, experiencing it is something else. It's a very small thing, but it made the largest impact on me during the demo, I think. Having the full party visible at all times, compounded by the live battles without any sort of transition was really awesome.
So, while it's really hard to judge a game like Star Ocean on a small demo, I'm at least still excited about the release. Furthermore, the battle system, if nothing else, still feels like Star Ocean and it was a great experience to play it again.
It really just tempted me to go play Til The End Of Time again more so than wanting Integrity and Faithlessness. But we'll see.
Star Ocean 5: Integrity and Faithlessness release in North America on June 28th and Europe on July 1st on PS4.
A dodgy Windows Phone app has been booted out of the Microsoft store after leaking the personal information of customers of Dutch telco Telfort.
Read this Dutch IT companies rebel against security breach notification law A draft bill that force tech firms to disclose when they suffer security breaches has drawn the ire of the Netherlands' IT industry. Read More
The KPN subsidiary shut down the Telfort section of its website — where customers can edit their personal information and change their tariffs — after being informed by a customer that the passwords and phone numbers of over one thousand Telfort customers had been posted online.
However, after a brief internal investigation into the leak, first reported this week by Dutch newspaper De Gelderlander, Telfort restored My Telfort. The telco released a statement claiming that the information had surfaced not because of a breach of its systems, but because users had entered their details into a malicious app that was masquerading as a genuine Telfort product.
The fraudulent app, which had been listed in the Windows Phone Store, was using the Telfort logo and asked Telfort users to check their subscription status by enter their login information.
"The Telfort section was temporarily shut down as a preventative measure, after the company received a tip that customer details were listed on an external website… After an internal investigation, it was found the leak concerned information entered by customers into an external fraudulent app, downloaded from the Windows Store," Telfort's parent company KPN said in a statement.
"The access to My Telfort was proactively blocked for the affected customers. These customers will each be contacted shortly to reinstate their access to the Telfort environment. Microsoft has notified Telfort that it will remove the app from the store as soon as possible, since the scheme used by the app developers is a clear violation of the general terms and conditions of the Windows App Store."
The Telfort incident is not the first time a fake app was released to trick telco customers into providing sensitive information. The same app developer appeared to also have released a similar app for KPN customers; however, KPN says the app was not used to leak login details.
Telfort is considering taking legal actions against the app's creator, but said it first wants to investigate why the customer details were collected. The telco has reminded users on its website never to download and use unofficial apps (although it doesn't specify how consumers can distinguish official app from a forged one).
This article is about the cycad sago palm. For the "true sago palm", see Metroxylon sagu
Cycas revoluta (Sotetsu [Japanese ソテツ], sago palm, king sago, sago cycad, Japanese sago palm), is a species of gymnosperm in the family Cycadaceae, native to southern Japan including the Ryukyu Islands. It is one of several species used for the production of sago, as well as an ornamental plant.
Names [ edit ]
Cycads' only relation to the true palms (Arecaceae) is that both are seed plants. The Latin specific epithet revoluta means "curled back",[2] in reference to the leaves. This is also called Kungi (comb) Palm in Punjabi speaking areas.[3]
Description [ edit ]
This very symmetrical plant supports a crown of shiny, dark green leaves on a thick shaggy trunk that is typically about 20 cm (7.9 in) in diameter, sometimes wider. The trunk is very low to subterranean in young plants, but lengthens above ground with age. It can grow into very old specimens with 6–7 m (over 20 feet) of trunk; however, the plant is very slow-growing and requires about 50–100 years to achieve this height. Trunks can branch several times, thus producing multiple heads of leaves.[4]
Cycas revoluta
The leaves are a deep semiglossy green and about 50–150 cm (20–59 in) long when the plants are of a reproductive age. They grow out into a feather-like rosette to 1 m (3.3 ft) in diameter. The crowded, stiff, narrow leaflets are 8–18 cm (3.1–7.1 in) long and have strongly recurved or revolute edges. The basal leaflets become more like spines. The petiole or stems of the sago cycad are 6–10 cm (2.4–3.9 in) long and have small protective barbs.
Roots are called coralloid with an Anabaena symbiosis allowing nitrogen fixation.[5] Tannins-rich cells are found on either side of the algal layer to resist the algal invasion.
As with other cycads, it is dioecious, with the males bearing pollen cones (strobilus) and the females bearing groups of megasporophylls. Pollination can be done naturally by insects or artificially.
Cultivation and uses [ edit ]
Propagation of Cycas revoluta is either by seed or clonally by removal of basal offsets. It is one of the most widely cultivated cycads, grown outdoors in warm temperate and subtropical regions, or under glass in colder areas. It grows best in sandy, well-drained soil, preferably with some organic matter. It needs good drainage or it will rot. It is fairly drought-tolerant and grows well in full sun or outdoor shade, but needs bright light when grown indoors. The leaves can bleach somewhat if moved from indoors to full sun outdoors.
Kangi Palm covered with Cycas revoluta also calledcovered with snow
Of all the cycads, C. revoluta is the most popular in cultivation. It is seen in almost all botanical gardens, in both temperate and tropical locations. In many areas of the world, it is heavily promoted commercially as a landscape plant. It is also quite popular as a bonsai plant. First described in the late 18th century, it is tolerant of mild to somewhat cold temperatures, provided the ground is dry. Frost damage can occur at temperatures below −10 °C (14 °F). Healthy specimens have been grown with little protection as far north as St. Louis, Missouri, and New York, New York, both in USDA zone 7b. C. revoluta usually defoliates in winter in this temperate climate, but will usually flush (grow) several new leaves by spring.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit[6] (confirmed 2017).[7]
Sago [ edit ]
The pith contains edible starch, and is used for making sago. Before use, the starch must be carefully washed to leach out toxins contained in the pith. Extracting edible starch from the sago cycad requires special care due to the poisonous nature of cycads. Cycad sago is used for many of the same purposes as palm sago. Sago is extracted from the sago cycad by cutting the pith from the stem, root and seeds of the cycads, grinding the pith to a coarse flour and then washing it carefully and repeatedly to leach out the natural toxins. The starchy residue is then dried and cooked, producing a starch similar to palm sago/sabudana. The cycad seed contains cycasin toxin and should not be eaten as it is possible for cycasin toxin to survive the most vigorous of repeated washings. Cycasin toxin can cause ALS, Parkinson's, prostate cancer and fibrolemellar hepatocellular carcinoma.
Aulacaspis yasumatsui is a scale insect feeding on C. revoluta, and unchecked is able to destroy the plant.[8]
Chemistry [ edit ]
Example of a full-grown tree
The hydro-alcoholic extract of leaves of C. revoluta shows the presence of alkaloids, steroids and tannins while the chloroform extract shows the presence of saponins, tannins and sugars.[9] Leaflets also contain biflavonoids.[10] Estragole is the primary volatile compound emitted from the male and female cones of C. revoluta.[11]
Toxicity [ edit ]
Cycad sago is extremely poisonous to animals (including humans) if ingested. Pets are at particular risk, since they seem to find the plant very palatable.[12] Clinical symptoms of ingestion will develop within 12 hours, and may include vomiting, diarrhea, weakness, seizures, and liver failure or hepatotoxicity characterized by icterus, cirrhosis, and ascites. The pet may appear bruised, have nose bleeds (epistaxis), melena (blood in the stool), hematochezia (bloody straining), and hemarthrosis (blood in the joints).[13] The ASPCA Animal Poison Control Center estimates a fatality rate of 50 to 75% when ingestion of the sago palm is involved. If any quantity of the plant is ingested, a poison control center or doctor should be contacted immediately. Effects of ingestion can include permanent internal damage and death.
All parts of the plant are toxic; however, the seeds contain the highest level of the toxin cycasin. Cycasin causes gastrointestinal irritation, and in high enough doses, leads to liver failure.[14] Other toxins include Beta-methylamino L-alanine, a neurotoxic amino acid, and an unidentified toxin which has been observed to cause hindlimb paralysis in cattle.[15]
Sago palm in Mohali
Gallery [ edit ]
Female reproductive structure
New leaves
Young plant
Seeds
Seedling
Cycas revoluta
A sixteen year-old two-branched specimen
Buy Photo An American flag waves in the cold wind at the homeless encampment referred to as "The Jungle," Thursday, February 9, 2017. Residents at the camp say they've been told they must leave the property in a week, but CSX officials say they have until spring to make the transition. (Photo: Kelly Wilkinson/IndyStar)Buy Photo
A longtime Downtown Indianapolis homeless camp known as "The Jungle" could be in the midst of its final winter.
Residents of the outdoor community just off East Washington Street told IndyStar they were informed last week by law enforcement officials that they would have to leave by the end of March.
Other residents at the camp, which is located near a rail line, say another group of officials told them that they must be gone within a week because CSX Transportation, the owner of the property, is calling for the area to be cleared.
A statement from CSX confirms that the end of The Jungle is drawing near, but at this time, those living in the camp have not been given a deadline for relocation. More information about the transition will be made available in the coming weeks.
CSX officials say that safety is the top priority, and they are working with organizations to make sure those displaced are not left without options.
"CSX has been actively working with the city, area churches and social service agencies to assist in transitioning individuals who have been occupying CSX property near an active rail line to safer living situations," the statement said. "Any activity near an active rail line is dangerous, and CSX is committed to working with appropriate agencies to resolve the public health and safety challenges created by the current situation."
Be it next week or next month, many residents of The Jungle were shocked by the news. On Thursday, those under the impression that they had just days remaining at the campsite were bundling their belongings and discussing what they were going to do next.
Joe Mefford, a 39-year-old referred to as "The Mayor" of The Jungle by its inhabitants, said they are unsure exactly how long the site has been up and running, but it is thought to be the one of the largest homeless camps in the city with a population that hovers around 25 or 30.
Mefford has been living there for nearly two years. It became their home after they spent a decade in prison during which time their family scattered. They said others have been living in The Jungle for as many as seven or eight years, and each person has a different story about how they got there.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"These people have been here for so long ... now they gotta move their whole life," Mefford said. "It's a tough situation."
Buy Photo Tents sit in the snow at the homeless encampment referred to as "The Jungle," Thursday, February 9, 2017. Residents at the camp say they've been told that they must leave the area soon. (Photo: Kelly Wilkinson/IndyStar)
Just behind the entrance to The Jungle — a piece of wood adorned with the quote "Let us be silent that we may hear the whisper of God" — about a half dozen residents sat around a fire and sipped coffee Thursday afternoon.
As they talked about the future, two cats crawled from one of the tents and stretched after a long nap. A resident who went by the nickname "Texas" carried trash from their area to a dumpster a few blocks south. They were joined by their dog who darted from tent to tent and urged their master to play instead of work.
In the distance, a man chopped wood and swept the paved portion of the camp. American flags flapped in the cold breeze.
A man who declined to give their name but referred to themselves as the head of their "council" said they and their group would be leaving The Jungle over the weekend. They added that while their exit would be peaceful, they and many others plan to fight to one day reclaim their home just southeast of Downtown Indianapolis.
For him, The Jungle was a place to get a second chance after years of hardship and extend that opportunity to others who felt they had nowhere else to go.
The man, who is called "Wolfman" by the other residents, said everyone in The Jungle did their part to make it a real community, and even if they have to move, that sense of community will live on.
They added that in their opinion, the decision to close The Jungle will only lead to people scattering across the city in search of a new place to camp.
According to 2016 Point-in-Time Homeless Count, there were 1,619 homeless people found in Marion County. That number was down 2.8 percent compared to the previous year, but national research suggests the number is three to five times the number reported. Of the total number, nearly 360 homeless reported suffering mental illness, and another 500 said they had a substance abuse problem.
The count shows that the most common reason for lack of permanent housing among unsheltered individuals was a lost job. That was followed by eviction and incarceration.
A similar set of circumstances surrounded the closing of the Irish Hill homeless camp near Georgia and Davidson streets in August 2013. The land that camp was on belonged to the city and CSX.
At the time, CSX officials said they needed access to the area to do bridge maintenance and cleaning, and some of the camp's shelters were spilling into the public right of way. Businesses in the area had also expressed concerns about garbage and human waste at the site.
Before the Irish Hill evacuation, more than 60 people were said to live at the campsite. While most of the residents left on their own, five people who decided to peacefully stay at the camp beyond the evacuation deadline to draw attention to the problems of the homeless were arrested.
Buy Photo Residents and a dog at the homeless encampment referred to as "The Jungle," warm themselves by the fire, Thursday, February 9, 2017. Residents at the camp say they've been told they must leave the property in a week, but CSX officials say they have until spring to make the transition. (Photo: Kelly Wilkinson/IndyStar)
Call IndyStar reporter Justin L. Mack at (317) 444-6138. Follow them on Twitter: @justinlmack.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/2kBTfU5
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Corporate America is bleeding jobs and wielding the ax well beyond the financial sector.
The Chrysler LLC logo is seen during a news conference at Chrysler Headquarters in Auburn Hills, Michigan August 6, 2007. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
As companies look at their prospects for the final quarter of the year and begin to see increasingly grim outlooks for 2009, they are cutting jobs from many different parts of their businesses. They are also slashing capital spending and, in some cases, dividends and even wages.
Government figures released on Thursday showed the number of U.S. workers filing new claims for jobless benefits rose by 15,000 to a seasonally adjusted 478,000 in the week ended October 18.
Whether it is a hotel company fearing declining bookings or room rates, a funds management company facing redemptions from clients who have seen the value of their investments plunge, or an office equipment firm facing slowing demand, many entities are urgently seeking to cut costs. And the payroll is often the critical focus.
“I suppose what we're really seeing is the movement that the government's been worried about,” said John Challenger, chief executive officer of outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas. “How will the credit crisis move off of Wall Street and onto Main Street? Now we're able to see that. These companies needed credit to keep their business going.”
Here are a sample of announcements and reports from the past 36 hours:
* Chrysler LLC said on Thursday it is slashing 1,825 jobs after losing $1 billion in the first half of the year.
* Goldman Sachs Group Inc plans to cut 10 percent of its staff, or almost 3,300 jobs after laying off hundreds of support staff and junior bankers in June.
* Money manager Janus Capital Group Inc said it would cut 9 percent of its staff a day after rival AllianceBernstein Holding Holding LP said it would make unprecedented job cuts.
* Xerox Corp announced job cuts of 5 percent, or 3,000 positions, due to a “tough business environment.”
* Mining equipment maker Terex Corp said it would lay off hundreds of workers and suspend its share buyback program to preserve cash.
* Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc said it plans to cut an unspecified number of jobs to offset slowing travel demand.
* United Parcel Service Inc sees layoffs in 2009 as customers need less shipping due to cutbacks on holiday gift purchases.
* Computer systems vendor Agilysys Inc cut three senior management positions and is consolidating headquarters in Ohio.
* Merck & Co Inc announced plans on Wednesday to cut 12 percent of its workforce, citing a need to change its business model in order to survive.
* Fidelity National Financial Inc, which controls one of the largest U.S. title insurers, announced 1,000 job cuts, office closings, a 10 percent pay cut and a 50 percent dividend cut
* Biotechnology company Maxygen Inc plans to cut nearly 30 percent of its workforce and explore strategic options due to the current financial environment
* Popular Inc, parent of Banco Popular, is cutting 600 positions and more than a quarter of its branches in the United States.
Warner Bros. is trying to turn its comic book movie universe around. It is three films and four years into a crossover franchise, and it hasn't produced a uncontroversially successful DC superhero film since 2008. At least, not a live-action one.
But the company's latest spate of announcements reveals some interesting correlations. Unlike some of its other long-gestating DC Comics projects, they're productions that actually look like they're on track to feasibly happen in the near future. And they're all poised to grab a significant female audience.
Warner Bros. has shown signs of inner change
In 2016, in the wake of disastrous reviews for Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and a 70 percent-drop in box office proceeds from its opening weekend to its second, Warner Bros. considerably restructured its DC Comics films division. The company put an actual creative-side comics industry veteran — Geoff Johns, president and chief creative officer of DC Entertainment — in a position of power over the entire franchise (in a co-running position with a WB executive) for the first time.
But any changes flowing from the WB's shakeup are unlikely to have had a significant effect on the next two installments in the company's DC franchise — Suicide Squad or Wonder Woman — before their release. The timeline simply doesn't shake out: Johns' position was announced in May of 2016, when both films were already in post-production. Where we should be looking for a sea change in how Warner Bros. is structuring its DC franchise is in the flurry of movies that the studio has announced lately.
Unlike many, many announcements before them, these prospective films have directors and writers attached — demonstrating not merely a studio show of being invested in a franchise, but of actual resources and completed contract negotiation. The Flash, Cyborg, Green Lantern Corps, and untitled Deadshot and Black Adam movies, as well as the untitled Suicide Squad sequel, all lack directors and, in some cases, screenwriters. Shazam and a long-ago-announced Man of Steel sequel are languishing in the directorial negotiation stages, and The Batman is straight-up floundering.
Contrast those with the female-fronted Gotham City Sirens and the as-yet untitled Batgirl and Nightwing movies. Siren has a writer, director, a star and a small production company ready to develop. This week, the Batgirl movie has somehow managed to get Joss Whedon interested in making big-budget superhero movies again, and it even has a reported direction, using Gail Simone's 2011 run on the title as a “starting point.” The Nightwing movie was announced with a writer attached from the start, along with a director who has just come off the most critically successful DC-centered film Warner Bros has made in years, The Lego Batman Movie.
Unlike most of DC's numerous announced films that have yet to start filming (seriously, there's more than a dozen), these three female-facing films look the most likely to actually get made on a reasonable timetable.
Wait, but ... Nightwing?
Nightwing has always been a character who was made available to the female gaze — a rare male comic book superhero who was even framed as having consistent, healthy, sexual relationships (outside of marriage) in the first place. Dick Grayson and Starfire are among the first comic book couples who were ever depicted sharing a bed on panel. The character's raw masculine attractiveness has been so codified that, at this point, it's a running gag more than a decade old.
Batgirl is arguably the most famous female superhero, next to Wonder Woman. I really wish that WB had gotten a female director to tackle their film, and I have my concerns about how Joss Whedon's penchant for heros with traumatic pasts will yet again bring the events of The Killing Joke to an unfortunate forefront — but I have no doubt that Whedon is capable of making a movie about a female hero that hangs together from a narrative standpoint and is even, dare I say it, fun.
Gotham City Sirens stands to be the big screen's first all-female team superhero movie. It has a female screenwriter and exists entirely because of the enthusiasm of Margot Robbie for the character of Harley Quinn.
It's almost as if Warner Bros. is acknowledging the biggest edge that DC Entertainment has over Marvel Entertainment in the making movies game — that it has a wide array of characters who are visible in the mainstream, but are something other than white dudes. The majority of the most famous female and/or non-white Marvel characters are associated with the X-Men or the Fantastic Four, and thus unavailable for incorporation into the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
But thanks in part to previous film adaptations — and in part to a half-century history of hugely successful live action and animated television productions — DC Comics characters like Wonder Woman, Batgirl, Harley Quinn, Catwoman, Cyborg, Static and the Green Lantern John Stewart are known quantities.
If there's anything deliberate in what Warner Bros. is doing here, however, it's more likely that it's all about Batman. Nightwing, Batgirl and the Sirens would all necessarily be pulling from a Gotham City setting — still the birthplace of the WB's most successful superhero film franchises.
It's understating it a bit to say that Batman and female characters are two things that are directly relevant to my interests. But if playing to my interests was all you had to do to get me to like a thing, I'd have no problems with the writing, characterization or cinematography of any of the DC Extended Universe movies. I'm interested to see how this Warner Bros. slate plays out, but I'm not yet holding my breath.
Ask me again in June, once I've seen Wonder Woman.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- A Cuyahoga County grand jury returned an indictment against a poll worker accused of pulling out a gun and threatening to kill another worker at a polling station inside a West Side elementary school.
Allen Bethea, 46, pleaded not guilty to charges of carrying concealed weapons, possession of a deadly weapon or deadly ordinance in a school safety zone, and aggravated menacing Friday morning in Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court, according to court records.
A public defender was assigned to represent him.  They are due back in court April 1.
Witnesses said about 50 voters were in the polling station when Bethea pulled a .380 pistol out of their backpack and said, "Somebody's going to die," after an argument with fellow poll workers inside the Louisa May Alcott Elementary School in the 10000 block of Baltic Road on March 15.
Bethea left the school. Police took them into custody a short time later at West 107th Street and Detroit Avenue.
Witness: Cleveland poll worker said 'somebody's going to die' when they pulled out gun at polling station
The elections board does not conduct criminal background checks on poll workers, but workers are asked if they have been convicted of a felony on an application. That did not apply to Bethea who pleaded guilty to misdemeanor sexual imposition in 2002.
Charges of rape, sexual battery and kidnapping with a sexual motive were dismissed as part of a plea deal, court records say. Bethea was given a 90-day suspended sentence.
Like Chanda Neely on Facebook.
Follow me on Twitter: Follow @ChandaNeely
North America's lack of homegrown talent in the LCS had been highlighted by many as being the main bottleneck for NA's growth and competitiveness as a region. This issue has risen again to the forefront of the League of Legends community, with G2 Esports coach Weldon Green voicing this concern during their talk with theScore esports on March 31st:
“One of NA's biggest problems is lack of home-grown talent. The skill level is just lower. And part of that comes from just sheer population… When you have a bell curve, and you are taking the top 0.002%, if your bell curve is two or three times as big, you just get better 0.002%.”
He, like many before him, have pointed to the low server population – equating to low talent pool – in North America as being a significant factor in the lack of NA talent in the pro scene.
Source: op.gg (2017)
It is well-known that NA server population is a fraction of Europe's and South Korea's, which affects the rate at which home-grown talent emerges onto the pro scene. Many worry that the lack of NA talent will decrease the competitiveness of the region as a whole, leading to the demise of the region in the long term. However, is it really the worrying trend it is made out to be?
Examining the current popularity of League of Legends in North America juxtaposed with the general pattern of growth of a sport in any region, it would be unreasonable to expect the trend to continue. The natural progression from popularity, then ease of access to population growth, and finally emergence of home-grown talent – seen historically across multiple sports -point to this lack of NA talent being just a phase. The correlation between player base size and emergence of home-grown talent is well established, so two cases will be used to focus on the relationship between popularity and player population growth.
Hockey in Canada demonstrate the effect ease of access has on the talent pool, while PC gaming in South Korea demonstrate that popularity lowers the barriers to population growth.
Best Hockey Nation for Talent Development: Canada
Relationship between Ease of Access and Population
Canada is the undisputed best when it comes to developing hockey talent, having produced seven #1 NHL draft picks in the last ten years. Its strength comes from its wealth of junior hockey leagues – OHL, WHL, and QMJHL – in which the best in the world come to participate in.
This abundance of junior hockey leagues and tournaments are made possible by having the biggest hockey population in the world. The 2016 International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) survey figures report Canada's registered player base as 639,500, beating out the United States' hockey population of 543,239 by almost a hundred thousand.
To an outsider, this is shocking news, since Canada's total population is just 35 million. In contrast, United States boasts almost ten times that number, with 321 million people. So what enables Canada to have such a high talent pool? High popularity bordering on religious levels is an obvious answer, but not a sufficient one. Ease of access rounds out the answer, in determining a sport's population levels.
Canada has 8,250 hockey rinks, according to IIHF reports. This means there is one hockey rink per 4,242 people. On the contrary the United States has one hockey rink per 114,643 people, which contributes to its hockey talent pool being lower than that of Canada's.
Discount retail stores like Play it Again Sports further lower the barriers to entry. allowing hockey players to get hockey equipment for cheaper prices.
La Masia of South Korea: PC Bangs
Ease of access to popularity? Or popularity to ease of access?
Korean youth playing League of Legends at a PC bang.
Youth visits the 9,139 PC Bangs in South Korea every day. They click and clack through various games, the biggest being Riot Games' League of Legends. When asked, every Korean pro will admit they played at a PC Bang as an amateur at some point. Therefore, it is not surprising that the Korean community jokingly refers to the PC bangs as a youth development system, likening it to elite soccer player factory La Masia of Barcelona FC.
It is obvious that the abundance of PC bangs creates the ease of access in the same way the Canadian hockey rinks do, growing the Korean PC gaming talent pool. Since the history of PC gaming and PC bangs are very short compared to hockey, it provides a clear example with which the relationship between popularity and ease of access can be studied.
Although they seem to have been around forever, PC bangs were not a concept familiar to Koreans even just twenty years ago. People played in arcades, and only the select few with the luxury of owning a personal computer enjoyed a few PC games. Then, Starcraft appeared on the market. The new exciting game greatly increased demand for computers, which was met by new businesses – PC bangs.
The explosive popularity of Starcraft made PC bangs a viable option as a business for people, and it was on the back of this boom that South Korea's gaming population and environment grew to today's standards. Now, League of Legends at PC bangs offers all the champions, and there are Riot hosted amateur leagues in sixteen regions. In Korea, the dream of becoming a pro gamer isn't just a dream; rather, it is a realistic goal that talented amateurs – ones that might not even have computers at home – can pursue.
What goes around, comes around
Full Cycle
Popularity of a sport lowers the barriers to entry, making it easily accessible. This ease of access then creates an environment conducive to growing the talent pool – growing the bell curve to create the better 0.002% as mentioned by Weldon. This is a natural progression, one that cannot be interfered or skipped by artificial means.
Relating this to the argument that player population determines the amount of home-grown talent, a full causal cycle can be created:
With good home-grown talent comes competitiveness and innovation as a region, which then contributes to popularity. It is a continual cycle, and the development of any sport in a region follows this pattern.
NA Talent: Patience is a Virtue
North American League of Legends is no outlier to the asupervisorstioned historical pattern. The huge popularity of League of Legends and the LCS is currently leading to the lowering of barriers. The mainstream opinion of gaming in general is being changed, and it is not uncommon to see e-sports bars and internet cafes around cities. College leagues and scholarships also work to give talented amateurs a stepping stone for pro play.
Good Game Bar in Toronto advertising their Overwatch tournament. It also offers League of Legends.
This snowball will continue to grow. Patience must be had while the barriers to entry are naturally lowered by a collective effort of people working off the popularity of League of Legends and e-sports as a whole.
Players like Akaadian, Contractz, and Dardoch may seem like outliers. It would be better to think of them as the start of a new wave, and stay patient. The path that North America is on presents solid support for that claim that superstar players will continually emerge from North America in the future.
What can be done now?
Just continue with what is presently being done and professionalize.
The failure of the German national soccer team in Euro 2000 demonstrates that without proper infrastructure, even a large talent pool cannot effectively yield good home-grown talent
North America is currently building up solid infrastructure, and should continue to do so while waiting for the natural progression to lead into talent pool growth. This includes a players' union, as pointed out by Weldon.
If NA can stabilize its infrastructure to standards similar to traditional sports, it will be able to take maximum advantage of the next generation of top 0.002% gamers from a bigger bell curve. With investment from big NBA organizations, stabilization seems to be coming very soon for North America.
The current lack of talent in NA is not a worrying trend. It is just a phase, and it will soon climb out of Diamond 2 into Challenger.
Advertisements
View more videos at: http://nbclosangeles.com.
Huntington Beach, Calif. is mourning the loss of a beloved man who embraced life.
Austin Brashears was killed at only 21 years old Saturday in a horrific traffic accident in New Zealand. The crash also killed two other Boston University students and injured five more. Brashears, who graduated with straight A's from Marina High School in Huntington Beach, was studying abroad in New Zealand at the time.
"I haven't met or known anybody who would squeeze more life out of everything," said Austin's father, Thomas, on Saturday at the family's Huntington Beach home, where friends and relatives came to express condolences, the Orange County Register reports.
"I just wanted to see their smile one more time," said Thomas, fighting back tears and hugging their daughter, Nicole. "He's just a good kid. ... They loved life, they cherished adventure and nothing was more important than those they cared for."
It is clear from Brashears' Facebook profile and the photos below that they had many friends. Now, those friends are pulling together to raise money in an effort to fly their friend's body back to the US.
They have already collected about $7,000 in a PayPal account and a similar amount has been raised on a Facebook page called "Fundraising to Lay Our Austin to Rest." Any unused money, the family writes on the page, will be used to set up a scholarship in Austin's "honor to support other motivated students who share Austin's love for club sports."
Cash and checks (made out to "McFadden Ward") can also be delivered to Jim and Chrysa Holdaway at 6832 Red Coach Dr., Huntington Beach, CA.
In response to the outpouring of support, the family wrote on the page:
We'd like to thank all of you for your love and support during this difficult time. We are truly grateful for everything that you have done. Austin always had a way of bringing people together; banding together like you all have is truly a fitting tribute.
The Brashears added memorial information:
In the tradition of the surf culture, a paddle-out will be held in Austin's honor at 7:00pm on Friday, May 25th at Tower 2 at Huntington City Beach. All are welcome to bring a board, swim out, or participate from the shore. Austin's memorial service will be held on Saturday, May 26th at 11:00am at the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints at 5402 Heil Avenue, in Huntington Beach, California. A luncheon will be held immediately afterward, and all are encouraged to stay a while, enjoy some good food and share memories of Austin.
Brashears was an environmental engineering major, and their mother, Julie, said that they were having "the best time they ever had in their life" in New Zealand, the Boston Globe reports. "Everyone called them the cruise director," they said. "He wanted to include everybody on trips. They loved having an eclectic group of friends.”
Donald Trump's campaign accused the Department of Justice Tuesday of having too cozy a relationship with the Hillary Clinton campaign. The accusation followed the surfacing of an email, via WikiLeaks, that showed a Clinton spokesperson saying they spoke with people in the DOJ during the investigation into Clinton's private email server used during their tenure as secretary of state.
"Today's report that Clinton's campaign was in communication with the Obama Department of Justice on the email investigation shows a level of collusion which calls into question the entire investigation into their private server," Trump spokesperson Jason Miller said in at statement. "The Department of Justice must release all communications with the Clinton campaign and their allies as soon as possible in order to definitively prove their investigation was completely above board."
The statement from the Trump campaign cited a tweet from NBC News' Tom Winter that read "Hacked e-mails from Wikileaks appear to show Clinton campaign spokesperson in touch with DOJ officials regarding e-mail litigation." The Republican nominee himself, Donald Trump, retweeted Winter's post, adding "Wow. Unbelievable."
In the email posted to Twitter, Clinton campaign spokesperson Brian Fallon, who previously worked for the Department of Justice, writes that "DOJ folks inform [him]" there was a status hearing that morning in an email dated May 19 of last year.
Many quickly pointed out that this was publicly available information and did not necessarily mean there was any sort of secret collusion. Fallon even retweeted a Twitter user who said the NBC News "find" was "inane" and that anyone "can confirm a lousy status conference."
Winter did qualify their first post in later tweets, saying there "could be nothing improper in this e-mail at all," but did add it was potentially of interest that Fallon was in communication with DOJ officials while working for Clinton.
The email, while not proving anything untoward happened, is certainly fuel for critics who have long called into the question the legitimacy of the Obama administration looking into the Clinton emails. Prior instances have stoked allegations of impropriety, including what was described as a chance airport encounter between former President Bill Clinton and Attorney General Loretta Lynch during the investigation. The Department of Justice decided not to press charges against the former secretary of state for mishandling classified information. The FBI also investigated Clinton's use of a private server and recommended no charges, but critics, Trump chief among them, have persisted. Trump has especially zeroed in on some 32,000 emails deleted by Clinton, which were reportedly personal in nature and deleted before any subpoenas had been issued.
Fallon, for their part, posted to Twitter to remind people that the release of such emails are the result of an illegal hack. He's also reiterated the claim that WikiLeaks is working on behalf of the Russian government, which wants a Trump presidency.
In nearly every way you can describe a neighborhood – from socioeconomics and demographics to politics and religion – the 55 square miles that make up City Council District 8 could be one of the most diverse areas of San Antonio.
It's not only home to San Antonio's healthcare and research powerhouses UTSA, UT Health San Antonio, and the Medical Center, and some of the city's largest employers, such as USAA, Valero, and NuStar, but also to Camp Bullis, Fiesta Texas, La Cantera, The Rim, enormous school districts, and the fastest growing population in the city.
Courtesy / City of San Antonio
“Everything you can find in the city of San Antonio is in District 8,” said Ron Nirenberg, the district's councilman since 2013, who is vacating their seat in an effort to replace incumbent Ivy Taylor as mayor in the May 6 municipal election.
“And, speaking politically, that's why District 8 has produced so many people who have gone on to state leadership – because it takes that kind of vision to manage the district. As District 8 goes, so goes San Antonio,” they said, “which is also why it's important we elect someone who doesn't need a whole lot of sleep.”
Nirenberg declined to endorse any candidate.
Scott Ball / Rivard Report
During their own tenure as councilman, Nirenberg tackled several causes in the district. They said they are most proud of creating a coalition of public and private partners to save the Bracken bat cave from development.
“Though not critical for District 8, it was important for the city,” they added. “It provided a model we had to operate under for a lot of growth-related issues.”
Nirenberg also worked to complete the Hausman Road project, the largest voter-approved roadway project in city history, rallied for City ethics reform and transparency issues, and worked on the UTSA-Medical Center master plan and services for refugees who primarily reside in this part of the city.
At a candidate forum and debate April 14, presented by the Muslim Children Education & Civic Center in conjunction with the SA Muslim Vote initiative, moderator Sakib Shaikh opened the forum with the words, “It doesn't matter what our faith is, we're here as concerned citizens of San Antonio.”
Bonnie Arbittier / Rivard Report
Five of the six candidates present answered questions from about a dozen citizens on hot-button district topics including public transportation and traffic on I-10, delayed road construction projects, zoning and permitting bureaucracies, beautification and tree preservation, and bringing more arts and culture to the district.
Six candidates are vying for the District 8 council seat:
Manuel “Manny” Pelaez, 43, is a labor attorney who has served as a trustee for VIA Metropolitan Transit and was appointed to serve on the SAWS Rate Advisory Commission. They chaired the 2008 bond committee on drainage. Pelaez is married with two children.
Anthony “Tony” Valdivia, 39, is a product management manager at USAA and served as a special projects coordinator for Nirenberg. They own a real estate business, is married, and has two daughters.
Courtesy / City of San Antonio
Cynthia Brehm, 59, is retired from a 30-year career in marketing and advertising and a military spouse whose husband is currently deployed. They volunteer for various organizations including The Fisher House at Fort Hood.
Paul Martin, 64, is a business owner, U.S. Army veteran, and retired Navy Reserve commander.  They are the managing partner and chief investment officer of Martin Capital Advisors, a registered investment advisor based in San Antonio.
Pat Stout, 72, is the owner of a travel agency and has served on various chambers of commerce.
Shane Hinze, 26, is a full-time student at the University of Texas at San Antonio. They did not attend the April 14 debate, nor did they respond to e-mails from the Rivard Report.
The question that drew the most applause came from Jonathan Ryan, executive director of the Refugee and Immigrant Center for Education and Legal Services, who said they were speaking on behalf of the refugee community in San Antonio. Nearly 8,000 refugees reside in the city, almost all of them in District 8.
“We have a bill in the Senate of Texas, SB 4, which is prepared to turn our cities into instruments of oppression,” they said of the anti-sanctuary city bill. “Profiling, arresting, willy-nilly, members of this community … What are you going to do as someone whose job it is to protect our communities and who [has] the power to do so? You cannot say this is a Washington issue. This is a San Antonio issue.”
A member of the audience, who also appeared to be speaking for immigrants, followed with, “Are we not Americans?”
Bonnie Arbittier / Rivard Report permalink Bonnie Arbittier / Rivard Report permalink
At the forum, Pelaez, who has raised more than $41,000 for their campaign, vowed to “stand with you and fight. You are Texans,” while Valdivia told the crowd, “The fear this refugee community has breaks my heart.” Valdivia is backed by more than $2,600 in campaign contributions.
A battle between the two candidates has been waged ever since Valdivia and the San Antonio Express News questioned Pelaez's residency in District 8 in February.
“Perhaps if Mr. Pelaez released a lease agreement and bank statements showing transfer of funds from the tenant to themselves [for their home in District 9] during the months in question, that would resolve the issue,” Valdivia said.
“I live in District 8, and I am an integrated member of the District 8 community,” Pelaez responded. “My opponents have brought up a non-existent residency issue to distract from the experience and expertise I bring to the table.”
Both candidates agree that traffic is one of the biggest crises facing the district, and that there are high-tech solutions in use elsewhere that could relieve the current congestion.
“I will work with every stakeholder to finally give the traffic crisis the priority it merits,” Pelaez said in describing the first of these three primary goals as councilman. “I will bring to bear my experience and expertise in the area of intelligent traffic systems, traffic dispersion modeling, and infrastructure to develop resilient solutions that are realistic, multimodal, and cost-effective.”
Valdivia said their goals are to hold the City accountable for how tax dollars are spent and to ensure all citizens have a voice in their local government.
“For me, one of the important issues is encouraging civic engagement and volunteerism,” they added. “I believe that as we get citizens looking out for each other it will directly impact issues such as crime, safety, and poverty.”
Bonnie Arbittier / Rivard Report permalink Bonnie Arbittier / Rivard Report permalink Bonnie Arbittier / Rivard Report permalink
Other candidates during the forum addressed the persistent traffic question in a variety of ways. While Martin said, “It's a big challenge – I don't have any solutions, but it is an interest of mine,” Stout suggested calibrating traffic lights better. Brehm called for 7-foot tarps to cover the scenes of accidents and prevent the rubber-necking that slows traffic.
Toward the end of the debate, an audience member questioned Brehm about posts to their Facebook page in 2015 that reportedly called for Syrian refugees to be sent back. They denied it, claiming their statements were taken out of context.
Shaikh said they were pleased with the turnout for the center's first-ever forum, and that the location “didn't deter people from seeing the bigger picture, that of a mosque being a legitimate place to discuss affairs of the city.”
It was helpful for mosque members too, they said. “… The Muslim community primarily tunes into politics during the national election and doesn't pay much attention to local politics, which oftentimes has the most direct impact on their lives.
“Seeing the candidates in person absolutely is the best way for individuals to gauge their depth of knowledge and authenticity.”
About
With the donations I get from my supporters, it will allow for me to order more fabric for my tee shirt and jeans line and to have my tailor continue to make all our clothing in New York City.
These donations will also allow for me to absorb the cost of shipping charges for all my supporters anywhere in the world. These donations will insure that anyone who donates $25 will be guaranteed a tee shirt and anyone who donates $100 will be guaranteed a pair of jeans.
Since the jeans are made on a pre-order basis to save on excess inventory, it is important for my supporters to give their jeans size like 32 by 30 and whether or not they want the jeans to fit in a skinny, fitted or loose size. Also, they must tell me what color of the embroidery they want on the jeans from slogans of IT'S MY TIME, NEVER DOUBT ME, I'M A SUPERSTAR, I LOVE ME SOME ME OR THIS CAKE AIN'T FAKE.
This weekend, the Green Bay Packers are holding their rookie orientation and minicamp, which consists of two days of practice for the team's rookies, first-year players under contract, and a number of tryout players.
The official invite list was tweeted out today by a few members of the Packers' media (here's a version from Packers.com's Wes Hodkiewicz), and we have taken the list and broken it down by category.
This group of players consists of the Packers ten draft picks and 15 undrafted free agent signings, all of whom were announced officially by the Packers earlier today. The team also brought nine of the first-year players on the 90-man roster to camp, as well as 24 non-contract tryout invite players.
Perhaps the most notable of the invite players is Texas A&M wideout Devante “Speedy Noil, who led all wide receivers at the Scouting Combine with a 43.5” vertical. Noil was suspended four times in their college career, however, including the last two bowl games.  They are an impressive athlete, but did not have the college stats to match their testing.
Here is the complete list of 58 players, broken down by roster category.
Rookies/First-Year Players on 90-Man Roster (9)
Draft Picks (10)
Reported Undrafted Free Agent Signings (15)
Taysom Hill, QB, BYU
Kalif Phillips, RB, UNC-Charlotte
Michael Clark, WR, Marshall
Montay Crockett, WR, Georgia State
Aaron Peck, TE, Fresno State
Thomas Evans, G, Richmond
Geoff Gray, G, Manitoba
Adam Pankey, G/T, West Virginia
Isaah Lunsford, DT, Bowling Green
Johnathan Calvin, EDGE, Mississippi State
Cody Heiman, ILB, Washburn
Donatello Brown, CB, Valdosta State
Lenzy Pipkins, CB, Oklahoma State
David Rivers III, CB, Youngstown State
Justin Vogel, P, Miami
Minicamp Invites (not under contract) (24)
'In God We Trust' Placed on Police Cruisers Because Sheriff Says They Like It
About 100 police cars in Green County, Missouri, now have “In God We Trust,” the national motto, written on their bumpers.
A letter submitted to Springfield News-Leader's “Answer Man” by Laura Entwisle wrote, “I recently saw a Greene County sheriff's deputy's car with letters on the bumper that say, ‘In God We Trust.' I called the sheriff's office and was told that Sheriff Jim Arnott decided to do this.”
“If taxpayer money was used, is it legal? I'm asking because I am not of a faith that identifies with the name 'God' and I don't think I'm the only one.”
The answer is that it is probably legal, as the phrase currently serves as the national motto. Courts have ruled many times that the phrase does no constitute a government endorsement of religion and, therefore, does not violate the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution which separates church and state.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Answer Man Steve Pokin confirmed through an interview that it was Sheriff Arnott behind the move. Arnott told the reporter: “I made the decision. I had been meaning to do it since taking office in 2009 and I just got around to it.”
Arnott said there's no question that it's legal. In reference to the motto's placement on U.S. currency, they said, “I'm guessing they are offended by it. If that's the case, I'm hoping that they do not use any of our currency either.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
In a letter to the editor of Springfield News-Leader, Thomas Essel wrote, “Following that logic, I would like to pose a question to Sheriff Arnott: If I find the use of ‘In God We Trust' on taxpayer-funded emergency vehicles offense — which I do — should I forgo the use of the sheriff's office in an emergency?”
“People ask me why I did it. The reason is because I like it.” Arnott told the Springfield News-Leader.
The sheriff's move has been criticized for being motivated by sectarian bias. Americans United for Separation of Church and State uncovered that Arnott's public Facebook page displays a badge with a reference to Romans 13:4, which says, “For the one in authority is God's servant for your good. But if you do wrong, be afraid, for rulers do not bear the sword for no reason. They are God's servants, agents of wrath to bring punishment on the wrongdoer.”
Sources: Americans United for Separation of Church and State, Springfield News-Leader (2)
Photo Credit: Flickr
undefined
E3 2016: Narcosis Taught Me to Fear The Ocean Abyss
I never really thought too much about the ocean floor being a place to fear until I played SOMA. In the past, I poked fun at former Rely on Horror editor Zack for admitting to being afraid of Ecco the Dolphin and its deep sea adventures. In SOMA, I felt my first tinge of dread from the dark unknown of the ocean. With Narcosis, a new VR psychological horror game, I finally understood what was so terrifying about the abyss.
Narcosis sets a familiar stage: you play as someone stranded in an isolated location with dwindling time and resources. In your fight for survival, your mind begins to play tricks on you. Memories and internal monologue act as the game's narrative – think Dear Esther-style recollections of the past, with the protagonist reminiscing on life events while making their way toward escape.
Mechanically, the game is fairly simple, falling somewhat into the walking sim genre of horror games. There are some offensive abilities like warding off sea creatures with a knife, but this feels understated when compared to the focus of the narrative. Players must maintain their oxygen levels by simply collecting small capsules littered across the environments, which range from underwater research facilities to the depths of the sea floor. Environmental scares cause the protagonist to breathe harder, wasting more oxygen. I'm not quite sure how players can smartly conserve their oxygen from scares based on my limited time with the demo, though.
Narcosis isn't all too impressive visually, but it was my first foray into VR horror, and despite its simplistic visuals, it showed me how effective the platform can be for the genre. As I walked through the halls of Narcosis' underwater human-made environments, I felt far more susceptible to jump scares. Each and every movement of my head made me fear that I'd look upon something unpleasant. But Narcosis is more reserved than that, resisting the urge to throw jump scares into your face. Things happen before you almost casually, for example seeing an oversized crustacean awake and make its way through a ventilation shaft, or unmanned diving suits appearing where they weren't previously. Playing the game in VR allowed me to examine things closely, with the fear that the developers may have considered player curiosity and would use that to spook me. In the two levels I played, they didn't take advantage of that, but perhaps they will in some other part of the game.
I don't expect Narcosis to be a terrifying game based on scripted scares or unsettling imagery. What affected me most, and perhaps will for others, was the feeling of walking on the ocean floor while surrounded by the pitch black abyss; the fear almost felt primal. After some time with the game, I felt confident that I could predict how it would try to scare me. The abyss never factors into that, though. No immediate scares appeared from it, but just being surrounded by its darkness unsettled me. As I looked into it, down where I could easily fall and disappear, I felt stricken with unease. Sometimes I like to force myself to face a dangerous element in a horror game to just experience it, to see how it ticks, but I didn't want to this time. I made sure to avoid being swallowed by the abyss at all costs, meaning I finished the demo with honors and the kudos of the developer. Narcosis struck a chord with me, and I guess you could say I was scared by it.
Narcosis probably won't shake you to the core with its scares, but if you can experience the deep sea horror it aims to deliver when released with a VR headset, I'd say give it a go. It just might reveal to you a new phobia for the ocean.
In their approach, the researchers feed the original Census data, which is kept confidential, into a complex statistical model that generates a simulated population that has the same general features as the original data. If you have a confidential dataset of 100 individuals' ages and incomes, for example, a corresponding synthetic dataset composed of 100 imaginary individuals would have the same mean age and mean income as the original. One of the major challenges is to create synthetic data that is statistically identical, but not an exact replica, of the original data.
“Any query that can be asked of the confidential data can also be asked of the synthetic data,” Abowd said. Because the synthetic data represent imaginary individuals, there is low risk in making synthetic data public.
The synthetic data are often used to develop and test computer code for analyses. But ultimately, any analysis on synthetic data needs to be verified on the original dataset. So, the researchers developed a "verification server"—an intermediary computer—to perform the same analysis on the original confidential data. The verification step determines whether the results of the analysis on synthetic data are also true for the original data. “The validation is a way of making sure that the assumptions that were built into the synthetic data are not driving the results, as opposed to the thing that the person is trying to study,” said Levenstein.
The Synthetic Longitudinal Business Database (SynLBD), released in 2011, is the result of their work, and the first ever record-level database on business establishments released by the Census Bureau. The Census Bureau collects information about businesses—the value of their output, how many employees they have, how much they spend on research and development, and so on. For businesses, privacy is important mainly because of strategic concerns. They might not want their competitors, customers, or suppliers to know exactly what is going on with their business, Levenstein explained.
The identity of businesses is hard to disguise by simply adding noise to a dataset. “Businesses are very different from one another,” Levenstein said. “You cannot hide General Motors or Walmart in a dataset. It's too hard to anonymize the data in a way that would still make them useful. If you did enough mask, you'd be masking what's important about employment and economic output in America. So you can't do that.” Instead, the research team created the SynLBD, a database of synthetic data about businesses, which allows researchers to develop a better understanding of entrepreneurship, and to study the dynamics of the American economy—and what is causing it to grow or not—without revealing confidential information about individual businesses.
The team also created a database called the Survey of Income and Program Participation (SIPP) Synthetic Beta Data Product, which allows researchers to do important analyses about food security, poverty, income inequality, and other issues, Levenstein explained. The (nonsynthetic) Survey of Income and Program Participation has been going on for about 40 years, they said. “If you have that kind of information over a long period of time for a person, it increases the probability that the person could be re-identified. So we have created a synthetic version of SIPP.” The synthetic database allows any researcher in the community to study important questions that can have implications for government programs such as food stamps. Without the synthetic data, much of this research would be logistically difficult or impossible. “The realistic alternative to publishing the SIPP synthetic data is suppression (no publication of any form of the linked administrative data) with individual researchers proposing projects on a one-by-one basis for access to the confidential data,” said Abowd. “Those projects would have to be approved by the Census, Internal Revenue Service and Social Security Administration.”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Doug Parker, CEO: "Combined airline will compete more effectively and profitably in the global marketplace"
American Airlines and US Airways have announced plans to merge, in a deal that would form the world's biggest airline.
The move had been widely touted after the two boards were said to have met on Wednesday.
The merger will bring American Airlines closer in value to rival Delta Air Lines, with an estimated market valuation of $11bn (£7bn).
This marks the conclusion of talks that started back in August 2012.
The lion's share of the new company will be owned by American Airlines' bankruptcy creditors, who will have 72% of the company. The carrier will be run under the American Airlines brand, but the chief executive will be the current US Airways boss, Doug Parker.
"The combined airline will have the scale, breadth and capabilities to compete more effectively and profitably in the global marketplace,'' they said in a statement.
"Our combined network will provide a significantly more attractive offering to customers, ensuring that we are always able to take them where they want to go."
The companies said they expected to make savings of more than $1bn a year.
'Fewer choices'
But the Senate Commerce Committee chairperson Jay Rockefeller expressed concern about the two airlines joining forces.
The new airline To offer more than 6,700 daily flights
Will serve 336 destinations in 56 countries
To have more than 900 planes
Will have 95,000 employees
"Industry consolidation has created stronger and more financially viable airlines, which are necessary for our country's long-term economic growth," Mr Rockefeller said.
"But it has also resulted in fewer choices for consumers, higher air fares, and reduced air service to small-and-medium sized communities.
"Any further airline merger must be carefully evaluated to make sure it is in the best interest of the travelling public by creating more competition, more options, and lower fares."
However, analysts say it should be good news for customers.
"Hopefully service will improve," said aviation expert Scott Richardson-Brown. "The route network will open up and hopefully that will be beneficial to customers.
"There's always that concern about pricing... but historically mergers don't actually lead to ticket prices going up."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Scott Richardson Brown, aviation expert: "Hopefully service will improve but... ticket prices need to rise"
But they added: "The reality is that the aviation market in the US has been losing money for years so ticket prices need to rise just because people can't be flown around the world at a loss."
Agreement
American Airlines' parent company filed for bankruptcy protection more than a year ago.
With a history stretching back 80 years, five years' ago, American had grown to be the world's biggest airline.
It was a pioneer of the loyalty programme for frequent fliers and also brought in the system of sliding prices according to demand.
But deep losses pushed the company into bankruptcy, with the company blaming labour costs and the unions blaming poor management.
US Airways, by contrast, has been profitable in recent years.
Wave of mergers
Not including affiliates, it will have around 900 aircraft and run more than 3,000 flights, employing 100,000 people.
The deal will need approval from competition regulators and a US bankruptcy court before going ahead.
After that, it could be years before passengers notice any changes.
The move follows a period of intense consolidation for the US airline sector, with Delta hooking up with Northwest and Continental with United.
Amateur and professional iPhotographers have a little-known tool in their mobile belt. The iPhone 4 offers "HDR" functionality that can help you get the most out of the phone's built-in camera.
Here we take an in-depth look at the feature and offer advice for when it's best to use it and — just as importantly — when it's not.
Have a look through these tips and let us know in the comments how you put your photography talents to use.
What is HDR?
"High Dynamic Range" (HDR) Imaging is the practice of using "exposure bracketing" to create an image with a better representation of light and dark areas than the camera could capture on standard settings.
Used correctly it will create an image that's more akin to what your eye — which more efficiently processes extremes of light — would see, rather than what the camera's sensor can photograph.
Typically this is done by capturing three images — a standard exposure, a shot that is one exposure stop too light and a shot that's one exposure stop too dark — and then combining all three.
HDR on the iPhone
In its HDR mode, the iPhone 4 automatically recreates this process by taking three photos at different exposure levels, then layering the shots together to create one image with (theoretically) the best elements of each.
You can turn on the HDR functionality of your iPhone when in the camera by tapping the HDR icon at the top of the screen.
With HDR set to "on," your iPhone will capture the original image and an HDR version, both of which you'll find saved in your Camera Roll. You can change your iPhone's settings to discard the original image but we find it useful for comparisons.
If it's not obvious to you which is the HDR image, look for the HDR icon at the top of the screen above the photo.
DO Use HDR...
Here are three scenarios for when hitting up that HDR button would be a good idea.
... When There's Strong Backlight
In the non-HDR image above you can see very little detail in the shadow as the camera has not coped well with the bright light coming from the doorway. The HDR pic has much more even lighting overall and shows significantly more detail. This will also be the case if you're photographing a light object against a dark background.
...For Landscapes
Here you can see the HDR functionality has handled the contrasts of sunlight and shadow much better than the non-HDR image above. The foreground is severely bleached out in the original image and the areas of shadow much darker. The HDR setting has fixed these issues. You will also find that HDR adds detail to the sky where the standard camera would struggle with the contrast between the sky and the land.
... For Portraits in Strong Sunlight
Strong sunlight is not great for portraits as it can create harsh shadows and unflattering glare. In this self-portrait you can see that the skin tone has been evened out, the glare on the cheeks improved and the shadow cast by the hat made softer.
DON'T Use HDR...
There are some situations in which HDR is actually a hindrance rather than a help. Here are three to be aware of.
...If There's a Risk Your Subject Will Move
Because the iPhone snaps three pics consecutively, if anything in the frame moves (or if you're not holding the iPhone steady enough) you're likely to end up with a blur or ghosting in your image. In our example images you can see that even though the three HDR images are taken milliseconds apart, just a slight breeze moving the buttercups was enough to spoil the shot.
...If You Want Strong Contrast
HDR takes extremes of light and creates a middle ground. This can be great in many scenarios but not if you want to capture striking contrasts. Here we wanted to capture the vibrant green leaves against the lighter foliage in the background and the brightness of the sky. The non-HDR image (above) has achieved this much better than the HDR snap below, in which the light has been toned down and the background detail filled in for an overall muddier final shot.
...If You Want Vivid or Accurate Colors
The iPhone's camera generally deals well with color, giving nicely saturated results. Add in HDR however, and the colors you see in the final image aren't likely to be true-to-life, or particularly vivid. In these images you can see the non-HDR photo above has bolder colors while the HDR shot below has darkened some tones and dulled the effect.
In Summary
The iPhone 4's HDR functionality is a handy tool to have on board. It can be useful in certain situations but the key is to know when — and why — to activate it. We hope this article has helped, but with almost all photography the best way to get familar with the tech is to shoot as much as you can — so grab your iPhone, get out there and get snapping!
Good news for fans of E and WWE Network's Total Divas series! Season five is headed to the WWE Network starting next week! Season five featured fourteen one-hour episodes and it chronicled the careers of Nikki Bella, Brie Bella, Paige, Alicia Fox, Eva Marie, Rosa Mendes, Natalya, and newcomer from Tough Enough, Mandy.
It is worth noting that how much we see this week isn't currently set in stone. The WWE Network usually drops the entire season (or at one point in the past, half a season when they featured more episodes) in one go, however they have also added one episode a week until the season was complete. For now, we have to wait and see but regardless, episode one of Total Divas is set to air on the live WWE Network stream at five PM EST on Wednesday.
Total Divas has been renewed for a sixth season and a spin off, Total Bellas, has also been confirmed. The sixth season and Total Bellas will likely both appear on the WWE Network around a quarter to half a year after it begins to air originally, much like the past seasons.
When we find out exactly how many Total Divas will be coming this week we will be sure to make note of it, as once again it could either be the entire season in one drop, or one episode a week. Never the less, season five is hitting the service.
As always, stick to WWE Network News for the latest WWE Network news, rumors, reviews, and more!
ADVERTISEMENT
Over the past two decades, internet access has gone from an odd curiosity to a basic necessity of life, akin to water and electricity service.
But the quality and usefulness of that service is under threat from monopolist corporations. If we want to preserve the internet and the World Wide Web as a neutral and open platform, we must break up and regulate the corporate behemoths who are effectively gaining control over it.
First, let me fix some often-jumbled definitions for the sake of clarity. The internet is a worldwide communication network, originally developed by the U.S. government in the 1960s. The World Wide Web is the primary way most people access the internet today, developed by Tim Berners-Lee in 1989 and rolled out across the world in the 1990s. The internet is the communication backbone, while the Web is the familiar collection of websites, links, HTML, and so on that you access with a web browser.
Berners-Lee's basic idea was to give everything on the global internet a unique identifier (the www.website.com structure), figure out a reliable transmission protocol so that data could be shared across the internet, and set up a publishing language so anybody could put together a website reasonably easily.
The Web is egalitarian and decentralized by design. The protocol is non-proprietary, so anyone can build a website and anyone connected to the Web can read it (though of course one must pay for servers and such). The point was to set up a basic communications structure that would be neutral and fair for all to use.
That basic structure is what is under threat today, with the growth of platform monopolies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon. As André Staltz writes, over the last few years Google and Facebook have grown to a large enough share of total web activity to leverage their market power into controlling the web as a whole — in effect, they are beginning to privatize the Web. Google accounts for 87 percent of search, while Facebook accounts for 38 percent of U.S. social media traffic. Together, they account for 77 percent of referral traffic. Even the social media figure understates things, since many of the big sites are owned by the top two: Google owns second-place YouTube, while Facebook owns third-place WhatsApp, fourth-place Facebook Messenger, and seventh-place Instagram.
As Saltz writes, these two have mostly stopped competing directly with each other. Google has abandoned its attempts to break into social media with Google Plus, while Facebook has stopped supporting Bing. Instead they've settled down into a comfortable duopoly, each with effective control over its big chunk of the Web.
Then, of course, there is Amazon's total dominance of e-commerce and server storage. The company accounted for 46 percent of online sales in 2016 and 53 percent of growth in those sales, plus a third of the cloud storage market.
The future these corporate behemoths are aiming at is easy enough to discern. Large corporations don't want neutral platforms with open competition and a reasonable degree of choice. They want easy profits coming from captive consumers with little choice but to take what the corporation is offering. Google, Facebook, and Amazon want as much market control as possible — and that means over anyone who uses the internet for communication, sales, or shopping.
The future on autopilot might be something like what exists in Portugal right now, where net neutrality rules are explicitly repealed, and people can buy tiered internet service where the cheap option only gives access to the big three. Smaller businesses, not wanting to miss out on that traffic, will increasingly use Facebook or Google sub-pages to advertise themselves — putting them at the monopolists' mercy. Or it could simply evolve towards that way, where Google and Facebook's structural domination of the Web becomes so large that the rest of it simply withers out of existence (or is purchased).
Regulation is the only way to preserve a free and open Web. The internet giants must be prevented from buying any more companies, then divested of the ones (YouTube, WhatsApp, DoubleClick, etc) they do have. Regulation to ensure interoperability — forcing Facebook Messenger to also work with other chat systems, for example — would reduce structural dominance due to network effects. Finally, common carriage-style regulation (forbidding Google from leveraging its search dominance to boost its other products, or Amazon from squeezing its third-party sellers) would prevent abuse of market power.
It might even make the Web a more pleasant place. It's impossible to deny that it has gotten markedly more horrible over the past several years, and part of the reason is market concentration. It used to be there were thousands of prominent hobbyist communities with their own idiosyncrasies and interests. Some of those still exist, but about everything now takes place on a few gigantic platforms. The result has been a flattening of difference, a huge increase in volume, and systematic distortion in favor of profits above all else.
At any rate, it's long since time Silicon Valley got put on a big, heavy leash. Let us save the Web from creeping monopolization.
You know that something has achieved the status of "the conventional wisdom" when Time magazine finally latches onto it.
Now Time reporter Michael Grunwald pretty comprehensively lays out the economic and ecological insanity of biofuels in their "The Clean Energy Scam." To wit:
An explosion in demand for farm-grown fuels has raised global crop prices to record highs, which is spurring a dramatic expansion of Brazilian agriculture, which is invading the Amazon at an increasingly alarming rate...
several new studies show the biofuel boom is doing exactly the opposite of what its proponents intended: it's dramatically accelerating global warming, imperiling the planet in the name of saving it. Corn ethanol, always environmentally suspect, turns out to be environmentally disastrous. Even cellulosic ethanol made from switchgrass, which has been promoted by eco-activists and eco-investors as well as by President Bush as the fuel of the future, looks less green than oil-derived gasoline.
Meanwhile, by diverting grain and oilseed crops from dinner plates to fuel tanks, biofuels are jacking up world food prices and endangering the hungry. The grain it takes to fill an SUV tank with ethanol could feed a person for a year. Harvests are being plucked to fuel our cars instead of ourselves. The U.N.'s World Food Program says it needs $500 million in additional funding and supplies, calling the rising costs for food nothing less than a global emergency. Soaring corn prices have sparked tortilla riots in Mexico City, and skyrocketing flour prices have destabilized Pakistan, which wasn't exactly tranquil when flour was affordable.
Biofuels do slightly reduce dependence on imported oil, and the ethanol boom has created rural jobs while enriching some farmers and agribusinesses. But the basic problem with most biofuels is amazingly simple, given that researchers have ignored it until now: using land to grow fuel leads to the destruction of forests, wetlands and grasslands that store enormous amounts of carbon....
One groundbreaking new study in Science concluded that when this deforestation effect is taken into account, corn ethanol and soy biodiesel produce about twice the emissions of gasoline. Sugarcane ethanol is much cleaner, and biofuels created from waste products that don't gobble up land have real potential, but even cellulosic ethanol increases overall emissions when its plant source is grown on good cropland. "People don't want to believe renewable fuels could be bad," says the lead author, Tim Searchinger, a Princeton scholar and former Environmental Defense attorney. "But when you realize we're tearing down rain forests that store loads of carbon to grow crops that store much less carbon, it becomes obvious."
The growing backlash against biofuels is a product of the law of unintended consequences. It may seem obvious now that when biofuels increase demand for crops, prices will rise and farms will expand into nature. But biofuel technology began on a small scale, and grain surpluses were common. Any ripples were inconsequential. When the scale becomes global, the outcome is entirely different, which is causing cheerleaders for biofuels to recalibrate. "We're all looking at the numbers in an entirely new way," says the Natural Resources Defense Council's Nathanael Greene, whose optimistic "Growing Energy" report in 2004 helped galvanize support for biofuels among green groups.
The official word from the Liberal leader's office is that you can stop holding your breath. He'll talk on Monday.
Of course, Mr. Ignatieff already passed judgment on this government. The text of that verdict, delivered ten days ago, after the jump.
Question: Will you be moving a motion of non-confidence before the summer break and will you also be supporting the Main Estimates, voting for the Main Estimates (off microphone)?
Michael Ignatieff: I don't want an election. Canadians don't want an election. But here's where I am. I'm trying to make Parliament work with a government that every day is displaying more flagrant examples of incompetence. We've got a major medical crisis with the isotopes. They've got no plan. We've got, Toronto Dominion Bank just announced that the deficit over five years will be, wait for this, $168 billion. That's the biggest number anybody has ever heard of. The public finances of this country are not under control. Right? Third, we've got an unemployment crisis with unemployment surging across the country. We've got Premier Campbell, we've got Brad Wall, we've got Premier McGuinty saying let's do something about a national standard for EI. I'm not fancy about how we do it, but let's do it. Right? We've got stimulus that needs to get out the door and only 6% of the stimulus has actually reached the country in the middle of the construction season.
SLEEPY HOLLOW, N.Y. — It's being blamed on a lightning strike or possibly a surge from a ComVolt substation. Either way, the destruction of the station DVR has left agony and uncertainty in its wake.
"We just don't know where to turn," said Sleepy Hollow Firefighter Ted Riklyner. "In a split second everything was gone - all seven seasons of "Rescue Me" with outtakes and interviews plus the complete set of "Emergency!" You have any idea the time and commitment our guys put into recording those programs? Many came in on their days off to make sure the DVR was set and running."
The power surge hit about 8 p.m. Friday, setting off small popping sound followed by a flash and a wisp of smoke from the DVR.
Related feature The Maltese Marauder Check out more hard-hitting articles that have to be seen to be believed.
"We were just in shock," Riklyner said. "We sat there staring at it; good thing it didn't catch fire as we'd have been goners."
Fire departments rely heavily on their equipment and few pieces are more important than a DVR. Without it, firefighters on low call-volume departments like Sleepy Hollow can go out of their minds with boredom.
Town officials wasted no time bringing in a team of grief counselors to help firefighters cope with this tremendous loss.
Following the counselors' advice, Sleepy Hollow firefighters are spending their time washing trucks and practicing firefighting skills.
"It's a way to keep our mind off the tragedy," Riklyner said. "Eventually, we'll get a new DVR and rebuild the collection; we're just not at that place yet."
WATERLOO — University of Waterloo researchers are developing a tool that will allow people living in countries where the Internet is censored to access restricted websites without being detected.
"We think these kinds of technologies are extremely important to make available for free for people around the world," said Ian Goldberg, a professor of computer science at the university. "In many cases, these technologies are literally life-saving."
That's especially true for journalists and activists working in countries where the government restricts Internet access, and also looks for people who are attempting to evade censorship.
The technology being developed at UW would not only allow a person to access restricted websites or content, but also disguise that connection.
"Most importantly, it hides the fact a user is evading censorship in the first place," said Cecylia Bocovich, PhD student in Goldberg's lab and leader of the research project.
They've called the technology Slitheen after alien characters on the TV show "Doctor Who," who disguise themselves as humans to avoid being noticed.
Escaping detection is a crucial component that much of the existing technologies can't ensure.
"Many of them leave telltale traces," Goldberg said. "It's important for tools to hide the fact that users are engaging in censorship resistance at all."
The program the researchers are developing would be free to download, and it would hook into a computer's web browser. People can then visit blocked sites, but to anyone checking it would appear to be one that is permitted.
Goldberg called it a "big step forward in the censorship resistance race," but acknowledged the work is never done.
