The God Wave Is Now Available For Sci-Fi Fans Everywhere to Enjoy
If you're interested in what would happen if the full potential of our brains was unlocked, The God Wave is definitely the book for you. That question is at the center of the debut sci-fi novel from author Patrick Hemstreet, a neuro-engineer, entrepreneur, patent-pending inventor, and special-warfare-trained Navy medic.
There's a figure that gets tossed around a lot that you've probably heard before, and it goes something like this: humans only use about 10% of our brains. And though it's now generally accepted that this is a myth there is still a lot we don't understand about how the brain functions. This has served as the basis for a lot of speculative fiction, including the recent sci-fi action movie Lucy. The God Wave also uses a version of this conceit as a starting point. What is the potential of the human brain? If 100% of the brain's power could be used, what would happen? Telekinesis? Telepathy? Mind control? Can this full capacity be controlled, once unlocked?
Here's the official synopsis of the book:
“For decades, scientists have speculated about the untapped potential of the human brain. Now, neuroscientist Chuck Brenton has made an astonishing breakthrough. They have discovered the key—the crucial combination of practice and conditioning—to access the incredible power dormant in ninety percent of our brains. Applying their methods to test subjects, they have stimulated abilities that elevate brain function to seemingly “godlike” levels.
These extraordinary abilities can transform the world, replacing fear and suffering with tranquility and stability. But in an age of increasing militarization, corporate exploitation, and explosive technological discovery, a group of influential powerbrokers are determined to control these new superbeings for their own manipulative ends, and their motives may be far from peaceful.”
In a recent interview, the novel's author explained the title further, saying that the God Wave refers to a new EEG pattern or brain waveform. “Currently, we know of five EEG brain rhythms: Alpha, Beta, Theta, Delta, and Gamma. The new waveform, the titular “God Wave” refers to the emergence of a sixth EEG frequency that accompanies extraordinary abilities. It is also referred to as a Zeta Wave in the book.” The author goes on to say that The God Wave, the first book in a planned trilogy, explores how this dormant power is accessed, what the discovery of these powers means for our society, and more.
If you're interested in checking out The God Wave, you can head over to Amazon and pick up a copy now.
[ 1 1 ¯ 0 ] {\displaystyle \scriptstyle [1{\overline {1}}0]} [1] Magnetite magnetosomes in Gammaproteobacteria strain SS-5. (A) Chain of highly elongated magnetosomes. (B) Part of a magnetosome chain. (C) The magnetosome in the lower right in (B), viewed along thedirection, with its Fourier transform in the lower right.
Magnetosome are membranous structures present in magnetotactic bacteria (MTB). They contain iron-rich magnetic particles that are enclosed within a lipid bilayer membrane. Each magnetosome can often contain 15 to 20 magnetite crystals that form a chain which acts like a compass needle to orient magnetotactic bacteria in geomagnetic fields, thereby simplifying their search for their preferred microaerophilic environments. Recent research has shown that magnetosomes are invaginations of the inner membrane and not freestanding vesicles.[2] Magnetite-bearing magnetosomes have also been found in eukaryotic magnetotactic algae, with each cell containing several thousand crystals.
Overall, magnetosome crystals have high chemical purity, narrow size ranges, species-specific crystal morphologies and exhibit specific arrangements within the cell. These features indicate that the formation of magnetosomes is under precise biological control and is mediated biomineralization.
Magnetotactic bacteria usually mineralize either iron oxide magnetosomes, which contain crystals of magnetite (Fe 3 O 4 ), or iron sulfide magnetosomes, which contain crystals of greigite (Fe 3 S 4 ). Several other iron sulfide minerals have also been identified in iron sulfide magnetosomes—including mackinawite (tetragonal FeS) and a cubic FeS—which are thought to be precursors of Fe 3 S 4 . One type of magnetotactic bacterium present at the oxic-anoxic transition zone (OATZ) of the southern basin of the Pettaquamscutt River Estuary, Narragansett, Rhode Island, United States is known to produce both iron oxide and iron sulfide magnetosomes.[3][4]
Purpose of the Magnetosome [ edit ]
Magnetotactic bacteria are widespread, motile, diverse prokaryotes that biomineralize a unique organelle called the magnetosome. A magnetosome consists of a nano-sized crystal of a magnetic iron mineral, which is enveloped by a lipid bilayer membrane. In the cells of most all magnetotactic bacteria, magnetosomes are organized as well-ordered chains. The magnetosome chain causes the cell to behave as a motile, miniature compass needle where the cell aligns and swims parallel to magnetic field lines.[5]
The magnetic dipole moment of the cell is often large enough that its interaction with Earth's magnetic field overcomes the thermal forces that tend to randomize the orientation of the cell in its aqueous surroundings. Magnetotactic bacteria use aerotaxis as well. Aerotaxis is a response to changes in oxygen concentration that will favor swimming towards a zone of optimal oxygen concentration. Lakes or oceans oxygen concentration is commonly dependent on depth. If the Earth's magnetic field has a significant downward slant, the orientation along field lines aids in the search for the optimal concentration. This process being called magneto-aerotaxis.
Mammalian magnetosome-like cells [ edit ]
Research has indicated the presence of magnetosome cells within human brain tissues.[6] Biosynthesis of magnetite particles in vertebrates like mammals is implied to be similar to that observed in bacterial cells, although no evidence is provided. The difference between bacterial magnetosomes and human magnetosomes appears to be the number of magnetite particles synthesized per cell, the clustering of those particles within each respective organism, and the purpose of each magnetosome. A species of magnetosomic bacterial cell may have 20 magnetic particles arranged linearly in an organelle for each member of the species. A human may have between 1000 and 10000 magnetic particles arranged in a cluster within an organelle with only one cell in 5000 having said organelle. Finally, the human magnetosomic organelle has an unknown function that does not involve detecting the earth's magnetic field.[citation needed]
Formation of the Magnetosome [ edit ]
Magnetotactic Bacteria (MTB) use a process known as biomineralization to exert an incredible degree of control on the formation of the mineral crystals within the magnetosomes.[7] The process of biomineralization allows the MTB to control the shape and size along with the alignment of each individual magnetite crystal. These specific magnetite crystals are all identical within a species but between species they can vary in size, structure, formation, amount, but not purpose. They are always used to follow geomagnetic pulls to more agreeable climates for the bacteria.[8]
These magnetite crystals are contained within an organelle envelope. This envelope is referred to as a magnetosome. Within the organelle there can either ferrimagnetic crystals of magnetite (Fe3O4) or the iron sulfide greigite (Fe3S4). Recently there have been a few other magnetic compounds found but these are far less common and do not change the purpose of the organelle.
Around twenty proteins have been found in magnetotactic bacteria that are specifically used for the creation of magnetosomes. These proteins are responsible for the control of vesicle formation, magnetosome ion transport, and the crystallization of the magnetites and their arrangement with in the particular vesicle.[9] The arrangement of the magnetites is critical because individually they are not very strong, but when linked in an ordered chain they increase significantly in strength. There is another set of acidic proteins in the magnetosome that are used to create a link between the vesicle and the cytoskeletal structure in the cell to help the magnetosome hold shape.
Magnetites [ edit ]
[9] Lab Growth of magnetite crystals under controlled conditions to simulate growth within the magnetosome.
Magnetite crystals are encased in the magnetosome giving the MTB its magnetic properties. These crystals an either be made of iron oxide or sulfide. The MTB may either have iron oxide or sulfide but not both. Certain subgroups of the Proteobacteria in the domain of Bacteria has been found through analyses of the MTB's RNA to only use iron oxide which is the more common material. Another smaller subdivision of the Proteobacteria that are part of a sulfide reducing bacteria use iron sulfide. Scientists say this suggests independent evolution of the same trait. The magnetite crystals have been observed in three different morphologies, cuboid, rectangular, and arrowhead shaped.[9]
Size of magnetite crystals [ edit ]
Magnetotactic crystals range anywhere in size from 30 nanometers to 120 nanometers. This size allows them to be magnetically stable and to help optimize the MTB ability toward magnetotaxis. The single domain crystals have the maximum possible magnetic moment per unit volume for a given composition. A smaller size would not be as efficient to contribute to the cellular magnetic moment, the smaller size crystals are superparamagnetic, therefore they are not continuously magnetic. Crystals exceeding 120 nanometers can form magnetic domains in opposition to the desired direction. While a single magnetosome chain could appear to be ideal for magneto-aerotaxis, a number of magnetotactic bacteria have magnetosomes or magnetosome arrangements that depart from the ideal. A reported example includes large magnetosomes (up to 200 nanometers) found in coccoid cells in Brazil.[9] These cells contain enough magnetosomes that the calculated magnetic dipole moment of the cell is about 250 times larger than that of a typical Magnetospirillum magnetotacticum. Some bacteria have magnetosomes that are not arranged in chains, but the magnetosomes are clustered on one side of the cell. In this arrangement, the shape anisotropy of each crystal provides the stability against remagnetization, rather than the overall shape anisotropy in the magnetosome chain arrangement. These non-ideal arrangements may lead to additional, currently unknown functions of magnetosomes; possibly related to metabolism.
Collapse of the Magnetosome [ edit ]
[10] TEM Images of the progressive collapse of the magnetosome chain structures in cells.
When the magnetotactic crystals are in an unstable arrangement the whole magnetosome will collapse without additional support. The collapse can occur during diagenesis and dolomitization. The magnetosome shape and elastic properties of biological membranes are what is holding the chains together, as well as the linearity and the connection to the cytoskeleton. With how much the geometries effect the stabilization of the chains of magnetosomes shows that they are intrinsically unstable.The cell wall and associated membrane structures have been thought to act to prevent magnetosome chain collapse. There has been data collected that indicates that magnetosome linearity persists long after cells are disrupted. Consistent with prior observations, in some magnetococcus, the magnetosome chains pass through the cell interior, precluding continuous contact with the cell wall and imply additional support structures exist in some species.[10]
Donald Trump is leading more than just the delegate race among the presidential contenders. As John Oliver pointed out on Sunday's edition of Last Week Tonight, USA Today reported that Trump also has been involved in about 3,500 lawsuits across the country — an unprecedented number for a presidential candidate. Last week, one of them, a pending lawsuit against Trump University, went mainstream when a judge decided to release previously private documents and Trump called out the judge's Mexican heritage. Which brings us back to Oliver, who berated Trump's real estate "university," with some of the best insights into Trump and their campaign so far.
The most recent controversy started last week when Trump said at a campaign rally in San Diego that the judge is a "hater." They then went on to mention that the judge "happens to be Mexican, which is great." Trump added, "I think that's fine," something Oliver took issue with:
Oh, oh, you do, do you? You think that's fine? Great news people of Mexican descent — Donald Trump thinks it's fine for you to be a human being existing on this planet.
Oliver goes on to point out that the judge, Gonzalo Curiel, was born in Indiana. But that didn't stop Trump from claiming that they were unfit to rule on the case. CNN's Jake Tapper brought up the issue more than 20 times in an interview, asking about Trump invoking the judge's race when "talking about whether or not they can do their job." Trump's response?
Jake, I'm building a wall, OK? I'm building a wall. I'm trying to keep business out of Mexico. Mexico is fine. There's nothing...
Hoopologic on YouTube
Tapper, surely cutting them off in disbelief, said, "But he's American, he's an American?" Trump continued on unfazed:
He's of Mexican heritage, and he's very proud of it — as I am where I come from...
This does not fly with Oliver, who asked, "Wait — where exactly are you from?" before answering their own question:
Because you look like you came out of a clogged drain at the Wonka Factory, and you know what, that's great. I think that's fine. But think about what he's implying there: the judge is unfit to do their job because of their ethnic background.
But Trump didn't end there. Then they said "it's possible" Muslim judges wouldn't be able to treat them fairly because of their comments on a travel ban on non-citizen Muslims. Oliver called that "the dictionary definition of 'bigotry'," before adding, "except after this campaign the definition of 'bigotry' might just become See: Trump, Donald."
Then Oliver got into the case against Trump University that Judge Curiel is overseeing and what the documents they ordered release actually say. Some of the revelations were seemingly damning.
Oliver said Trump University was actually amazing because of the big claims Trump made when it first opened — and how far from reality that truly was. Trump made a commercial selling the venture explaining that the professors were handpicked and that if you didn't choose to attend, "You're just not going to make it in the world of success." New York's Attorney General began to look into it, noting that the first problem they found was that it wasn't actually a university.
"Holy shit," Oliver said, "Trump University wasn't even a university, which makes you wonder: what the fuck was in Trump Steaks? Oh god, it was possum, wasn't it? It was possum, you monsters!" But on a serious note, according to depositions Trump didn't even handpick the instructors like the ad claimed and couldn't even remember the names of the "school's" faculty.
That's probably a good thing, Oliver counters. "Anything Trump's tiny fingers touch turn into an ex-wife or an abandoned casino." But it, of course, gets worse:
According to the sworn testimony by several former employees, many instructors and mentors had no experience buying or selling real estate. In fact, one had worked as a salesperson for Lowe's, and another had been manager for Buffalo Wild Wings. ... And even a former member of Trump's own sales staff testified that it was, among other things, "a joke... a facade... [and] it was just selling false hopes and lies."
And sure, to be fair, Oliver counters, "Every university has sold some of its students false hopes and lies, it's just most of the time they call it a theater arts degree." In the end though, these weren't even really students. The documents — called "playbooks" by Trump U — contained instructions on how to upsell the buyers (aka students). One of the tactics was to only say prices ranged from $29 to $35,000 — nothing more specific. Also they sales people were told to be aggressive, and as the book read, "If they complain about the price, remind them that Trump is the BEST!"
Oliver had the best insight:
You might laugh, but that is the same technique that Trump has been using to run for president and, apparently, it fucking works!
But what about those who couldn't afford the courses? The playbook mention them too, specifically theorizing about a single mother who might need to buy food. The playbooks advised the salespeople: "Money is never a reason for not enrolling in Trump University; if they really believe in you and your product, they will find the money. You are not doing any favor by letting someone use lack of money as an excuse." Oliver's response is priceless:
"Lack of money is not an excuse" is not what single parents need to hear; it's what Donald Trump needs to hear when a fifth company of theirs inevitably files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Students were not pleased. One put about $35,000 on a credit card. Another student was disappointed when they didn't get their photo taken with the former host of The Apprentice. "It ended up being a cardboard cutout of Mr. Trump," the student said in a deposition. Oliver had a great point here too:
[It] is actually a perfect metaphor for Trump University: you're expecting the real thing, but in the end, all you get is a tacky two-dimensional facade with Donald Trump's face slapped on it.
The playbooks are pretty damning — they even included specific instructions on what to do if an attorney general arrived on the scene — but the "most valuable lesson" here, Oliver argues, is what Trump University teaches about Trump's presidential campaign:
The playbook tells their salespeople, "You don't sell products, benefits, or solutions — you sell feelings." And that is what is happening now. Crowds at a Trump rally may not be able to point to a concrete benefit or solution they offer, but they know how they make them feel — and that is jacked up and ready to boo any name that sounds vaguely Latino.
Oliver couldn't be more right about the Donald. Hopefully by November someone can prove their presidential campaign is also a fraud.
Images: John Oliver/HBO
Eva Fernández Ortiz – WNN Features
(WNN) Constanta, ROMANIA: After studying psychology and living in Australia for some years, human rights activist and street-child advocate Iana Matei returned to their native country – Romania. When they returned in 1998 their life changed in a big way. As a psychologist and ‘expert' in street children, Matai was contacted by local police when they told them that they needed them help.
Three teenage girls who were picked up for prostitution needed to be taken to see a doctor. Matei helped the girls, but was well aware that there was no where they could go after their visit to the doctor.
At the time, there was no shelter in Romania that would take in young prostitutes or help them.
Aware of the dangers the girls would face if they stayed out on the streets, Matei made a decision that would end up helping numerous teenage girls find a new future and a new life. It was then that Matei decided to start Reaching Out – a shelter that continues today to work to build back the lives of children who are victims of sex trafficking, exploitation and sexual slavery.
Sexual slavery is not something any young girl wants, outlines Matei. It's often deep desperation that causes a girl who is vulnerable to be manipulated by a sex-trafficker. The selling of a girl to a human trafficker does not happen just once; it is often part of an ongoing process of being sold over and over again to different ‘owners'.
“The overwhelming majority of victims of trafficking are exploited youth who are often runaways or castaways from dysfunctional homes where they have already suffered physical, psychological and sexual abuse. Romania is a country whose crippled economy and weak social
service structure provides virtually no social safety nets to assist them,” said Matei in a formal statement for a United Nations in-depth study on violence against women in 2005.
“With a scarcity of jobs in a male dominated society, young girls are particularly vulnerable to carefully crafted offers promising unique opportunities that will bring good jobs and good money outside the country. Impoverished, abused, and without education or family guidance that would foster intelligent decision-making, these young women become easy prey to savvy traffickers who befriend them and tempt them with offers they can hardly refuse,” Matei continued.
Human rights journalist Eva Fernández Ortiz, for WNN – Women News Network, recently had a chance to interview Iana Matei about their life and their work to save children trapped by human trafficking. Their engaging and informative discussion follows.
________________
Eva Fernández for WNN: What were your thoughts when you came across girl-trafficking for the first time in 1998?
Iana Matei: I was obviously shocked, because when you say prostitutes my mental image was an older woman, maybe 40 something year old looking woman… nothing like what I saw – they were aged 14, 15 and 15 and a half. I asked the girls about how they ended up in the situation and they told me that have been sold and bought. This is when I realized we have slavery in the country, in the twenty-first century, and I became very angry.
The girls had syphilis and were in the hospital for two weeks, which gave me the time to start the program.
WNN: What was the children prostitution situation at that time and how has it evolved since you started in 1999?
Matei: At the time I started the program only about a quarter were minor and three quarters were over 18 year old. Often the under 18 were exploited in Rumania before being sent across the borders. However, right now we have three quarters under 18 and only one quarter over. A decade ago there were less underage girls but more violence.
WNN: When did this change happen?
Matei: In 2003/2004 it started to change… and in 2007 the figures clearly showed predominance of minors. Everything has changed too, the modus operandi of the traffickers, the countries of destination, etc. They have changed while we (who fight the traffickers) are still in the same situation, the same legislation, the same approach… and I think this is another problem. For example, now we have boys who are exploited in the sex industry, they sell boys. They put drugs in their drinks; they rape them and they sell them. And if you ask our legislators, we don't have this problem yet. We don't talk about it even if these children exist. It is not official; it is like “it might be”.
WNN: How do the girls arrive to your shelter? What conditions are they in when the arrival?
Matei: They arrive through the police who contact me…usually have medical problems…more than only sexually transmitted diseases. I'm talking about kidney problems, facial problems due to the beating…. Psychologically they are a mess. They don't know who they are. They can't find their identity. They are ashamed… that's the most relevant characteristic. They don't understand that it is not their fault. They think it is their fault for being stupid and believing; it is always their fault. They feel guilty.
WNN: On average, how long does it take these girls to get over the trauma of being exploited by human traffickers?
Matei: It depends on the background, depends on their situation at home… most of these children come from dysfunctional families or from orphanages. The program is for one-year on average. For some girls it takes 6 months, and for some others it takes 2 years. These days, and since we are having more minors, if a girl comes when they are 14 I cannot put them back on the street when they are 16, I have to keep them for longer until they finish education and then until they can leave independent when they are over 18. If the kids have a good family, however, then they can go back home.
WNN: What do you think is the most common cause leading girls into this situation?
Matei: Lack of love. They come from dysfunctional families; they need therapy to change their mentality, their way of thinking. Some of them are coming from orphanages and then it is a bit more difficult… but lack of love I'd say is the common factor. The girls always look for love and if someone comes to them saying “I love you”, they would follow that person blindly.
WNN: What is the average profile of a sex-trafficker?
Matei: Generally they would be boys/men, although you also have females who convince the girls [by] talking about a better place, better pay…
WNN: How do teenage girls end up in prostitution?
Matei: Many want to earn more money to be able to send it back to the family, thinking that then their family will love them. Otherwise, this is basically the story: they fall in love in Romania. After awhile the guy would say to them, “Let's go to Spain or to Italy. I will work in construction. You work taking care of old men. We can make some money and eventually get married because we will have money for the wedding”. And…the girls believe that. And as soon as they get there they would be forced to work as prostitutes. In those cases, they won't be able to contact the police because they feel guilty. They think “I'm stupid, I came here freely, I cannot accuse them of anything because I agreed to come here”. Now it is getting more mental.
WNN: What are the parents' general reactions once their daughters escape from the cycle of human trafficking?
Matei: You have all sorts of reactions. Some of the lower educated feel very embarrassed if their community knows what their girl did…we treat that with family therapy. Some of them have heard about trafficking and they can't believe that has happened to their daughters… Those who are not ashamed, are angry against traffickers and angry against the authorities for not taking measures.
WNN: Have you ever felt threatened by traffickers who followed the girls back to your shelter?
Matei: Some have tried to get back to the girls to scare them off, but it [Reaching Out centre] is safe. We have a security company that protects us. We have a panic button. We are well protected. The girls are scared of the traffickers because they can be violent; they can threaten to hurt their families…This is one of the traffickers' ways of keeping them, so it takes a while for the girls to understand that it [their slavery under human trafficking, once they are safe in the centre,] is over.
WNN: What measures are taken by the authorities, and should be taken, in order to improve this situation and stop the sexual slavery of children?
Matei: At a European level I think there is no unity in the approach, and this is one problem. We have so many approaches within the European community, either by punishing the traffickers or punishing the girls by calling prostitution illegal… None of those approaches point directly to the traffickers and this is my main concern. I've been saying that for the last five years and I can't still understand why, from a European level, we cannot approach trafficking from this point of view. Since the trafficker is the one moving the girls from one place to another and recruiting clients, why don't we put the trafficker in jail for a hundred years, why don't we seize the properties and the money that they made? I still don't have an answer to this question.
WNN: Do the girls generally move from one country to another?
Matei: Most of the time girls move to Western countries because there is where the money is. They are in a very weak position because they don't know the language; they don't know the country.
WNN: What about society? Do you think people and the media really know what's going on?
Matei: No. I think mass media is playing its role and we play a role as well by spreading the message. As a consequence, part of the people will understand…Still a lot of people would think that if they are prostitutes they should pay the price.
WNN: What does a possible happy ending for these girls look like?
Matei: The girls live independently, and that's the most important thing. 86 percent of the girls who have passed through our program are now living independently. They keep in touch with us. They call to explain how they are doing… how I am doing… so I know exactly how they are. Some of them are married. Some of them have children. Some of them never [get] married…
With the years of work you've put into helping these girls, what is your personal goal for the future?
Matei: My goal for the future is to close the [Reaching Out] centre because nobody needs it.
_______________________________________________________________________
The ‘Reaching Out' center provides shelter for teenage girls who have been trafficked and trapped in the Romanian sex-industry. Each girl stays on at the shelter at least one year, or until they reach the age of 18, while they are assisted with life skills that help them become independent through empowerment, education and job training. This story highlights the dedicated work of Iana Matei and the survival of girls who have had little to no one they can trust. This 5:08 min May 2012 video is a production with host Mathew Ninaber for The Hope Narrative.
_______________________________________________________________________
For more information on this topic:
______________
WNN – Women News Network human rights journalist and European correspondent Eva Fernández is a native of Barcelona, Spain with an M.A. in Journalism from Cardiff University with a specialty that spans women and gender, current affairs and international development. As a WNN reporter they are also a broadcast and video producer. In 2010 Fernández finished an in-depth study on the women of Cameroon covering the impacts of female self-mutilation in, “‘Why breast ironing'? – Women's Rights and Gender Inequalities”.
______________________________
©2012 WNN – Women News Network
No part of this article release may be reproduced without prior permissions from WNN.
_________
Like this: Like Loading...
LAHORE – Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) contacted with famous International cricket players and offered them to play first season of Pakistan Super League.
According to details, Pakistan Cricket Board contacted with International cricket stars like Chris Gayle, Kummar Sangakkara, South African batsman Jacques Kallis, Bangladeshi all-rounder, Shakib ul Hassan and some other players.
Sources told that these players also showed their interest to play Pakistan Super League. PCB also contacted with some other players including Bangladeshi opener Tamim Iqbal, South African wicket-keeper Quinton de Kock, West Indies' all-rounder Pollard and Zimbabwean players Hamilton Masakadza.
Earlier, PCB announced the first season of Pakistan Super League Twenty20 and it takes place in the UAE next year.
Pakistan Super League was postponed a couple of times because of security and financial reasons.
Five teams will fight for one trophy in the UAE. Pakistani players so far played the Twenty20 leagues of India Bangladesh and West Indies.
Tax cuts? Ottawa must first consider falling oil prices, economists say
Economists are warning that Ottawa will have to weigh the potential risks of plummeting oil prices before it starts doling out large tax cuts.
The federal finance minister has promised the government would live up to its tax-cutting pledges despite a sharp fall in oil prices — thanks to a projected surplus in next year's budget.
But some economists say Joe Oliver will be forced to pay close attention to the slide since it could well affect Canada's bottom line.
A former senior Finance Department bureaucrat says the country's bank account is very sensitive to the fate of oil prices.
Scott Clark says amid this uncertainty Oliver has been “almost unbelievably optimistic” about the federal surplus and seems to be downplaying the impact of the oil prices.
Buy Photo The city is threatening to file nearly 600 lawsuits against banks and other for-profit companies to recoup more than $12 million in unpaid property taxes between 2010-12, officials said. (Photo: The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Detroit — The city is threatening to file nearly 600 lawsuits against banks and other for-profit companies to recoup more than $12 million in unpaid property taxes between 2010-12, officials said.
The city on Wednesday said it sent demand letters this week to banks, investment companies and others to recoup the property tax money owed. If those who receive the letters fail to settle the debts, Detroit intends to file lawsuits against them before the end of the month, mainly in 36th District Court.
Detroit is seeking to recoup close to $20,000 per lawsuit and about $8,000 per parcel for 1,543 parcels, both residential and commercial. The city Wednesday declined to identify any of the companies targeted.
“For too long, there are those who chose not to pay what they owed in taxes, leaving everyone else to pay the price,” said David Szymanski, Detroit's treasurer and deputy chief financial officer, in a statement Wednesday. “We are working to improve city services for our residents, and to do that — whether it's better police and fire protection, streetlights or better schools for our children — we need everyone who does business in this city to pay their fair share.”
Szymanski said the statute of limitations is nearing for collection on the 2010 taxes. The city, they said, intends to take the unresolved tax cases to court by Sept. 1.
The properties, they said, were likely all foreclosed on and offered at auction in 2013. Officials did not recognize the revenue at the time of the auction.
“Had we collected these revenues in some fashion, we wouldn't be pursuing this cause of action now,” they said.
There had been discussions in the past about pursing the unpaid taxes, but Szymanski, who joined the Duggan administration in February, said prior administrations did not pursue it. Szymanski said he's pleased it has become a priority.
“The amount (owed) is certainly not a surprise,” they said. “The evaluation of the viability of such a lawsuit is what caused pause in the past. We're confident that we'll be successful in relation to collection of these taxes in most of the cases.”
Officials said the city will only be going after for-profit banks and companies. It will not pursue individuals who own fewer than three properties and are not associated with a limited liability corporation or company.
“We are not talking about the family that has fallen on tough times, those struggling to decide whether to feed their children or pay their taxes,” Szymanski said. “We went to great lengths to ensure that we were going after only those who bought property as investments, not as a place to live. This is about those who tried to make money without paying what they owed. We are standing up for our property owners who paid their taxes and played by the rules.”
The city sent out the letters on Tuesday and had not received any responses by Wednesday afternoon, Szymanski said.
The city will also be trying to recoup taxes owed to Wayne County, Wayne County Community College District, Wayne Regional Educational Service Agency, Detroit Public Schools and others.
This is the first round of an ongoing effort by the city to recover what it is owed, with the city planning to go after delinquent taxes for other years as well, officials said.
Under Michigan law, a city can sue a property owner over delinquent taxes, regardless of whether the property has gone through foreclosure or auction and has been sold.
“The message here should be clear: If you're going to do business in Detroit, you have to pay your share, just like everybody else,” Szymanski said.
Persons or entities who receive a demand letter from the City of Detroit are encouraged to call (844) 871-3126 to settle their accounts.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2bt9fDJ
Thanks to OE Group, we now have a teaser poster for the upcoming horror film called “Grimm“, which is currently in pre-production. It looks like Bruce Willis is going to play the lead role.
Plot: Marburg, Massachusetts, USA – Teenager Katie O'Sullivan goes to a new babysitting job. Instead of a regular family, they encounter ghostly twins Henry and Grace and a terrifying apparition that drags them off towards a sinister tower.  They are never seen again.
Soon afterwards, Pat Quinn and their family move to the seemingly idyllic town, where they are the new Police Chief. Their second wife Ella has two daughters from their first marriage and Quinn has a daughter, Megan, and son, John, from his. On their very first evening John encounters the strange twins, as well as a huge frog, which they bring back to the house. Quinn makes them take it back to the pond where they found it, but that night a wet, naked young man forces their way into the house and Megan's bedroom. They vanish before Quinn sees him, leaving behind a slimy trail. From this moment on, Megan and John notice strange things and people in the town, but when they talk about them, nobody believes them. Only Professor Kurland, who approaches Quinn to show them pictures of Katie and two other teenagers who went missing at the same time, thinks they're telling the truth. They warn Quinn that bad things happen to youngsters in this town.
One day, Megan and their best friend Ruth go to visit Ruth's grandmother. A wolf-like creature attacks them, having already savaged the grandmother. Ruth is torn limb from limb and Megan barely escapes with their life. As mysterious and frightening happenings occur one after the other, Quinn starts to believe there may be sinister forces at work in Marburg, but will they discover who or what is behind it all in time to save their family?
Donald Trump and Ben Carson at last month's GOP debate. (Rick Wilking/Reuters)
Matthew Jordan is associate professor of media studies at Pennsylvania State University.
Anyone curious about the state of American democracy should simply tune into the GOP debate series, whose next episode airs Tuesday night on Fox Business Network.
If the previous debates are any indication, advertisers will be clamoring to buy up commercial spots, especially after the “buzz” generated last week: special conditions demanded by the candidates, Donald Trump's controversial — though dull — “Saturday Night Live” appearance and the kerfuffle over Ben Carson's claims of being offered “a full scholarship” to West Point. Yes, the debate has the makings of another ratings bonanza.
Televised presidential debates originated in the 1960s, during TV's golden era. But back then, networks ran news divisions at a loss in exchange for being granted a licensed monopoly over public airways by the FCC. Candidates, in exchange for the publicity, answered hard questions posed by moderators.
Today, the rules of the debate game have shifted to reflect a new media reality, one in which broadcasters have a powerful financial interest in promoting debates centered on entertainment, rather than substantive discussions of policy issues.
In fact, today's debates can be likened to World Wrestling Entertainment: There are heroes and villains, winners and losers, entrance themes and announcers, drama and intrigue (will Biden show?) — even an “undercard.”
Like it or not, the democratic process has been usurped by an endless, ratings-driven spectacle. And for networks — with the debates' stripped-down production costs and high ratings — it's like hitting the mother lode.
Back in August, 24 million viewers watched the first GOP debate on Fox News. A month later, CNN drafted off this success, drawing 23.1 million viewers and selling commercials at $200,000 apiece, roughly 40 times what they normally charge. And even though CNBC only drew 14 million viewers in the latest debate, it was the network's most-watched show. Accordingly, they charged $250,000 per spot, a surge pricing rate that yielded record profits.
Tuesday night, 21st Century Fox and News Corp will list two of its properties — Fox Business Network (FBN) and the Wall Street Journal — as co-hosts. It will be a big moment for the nascent network: its biggest show ever.
Even the undercard debate, which captured 1.6 million viewers for CNBC, will yield unprecedented audiences and profits for FBN, whose most-watched show drew a mere 152,000 viewers. No matter which network airs which show, the audiences this year dwarf anything seen in the 2012 GOP debates, which had a peak viewership of 7.6 million.
If, as Marshall McLuhan once speculated, the medium is the message, political rhetoric and modes of campaigning — at least for candidates whom TV talking heads call “electable” — have become indistinguishable from strategies used by TV networks to boost ratings.
In an age of slickly produced identity politics, the presidential debate series — part reality show, part melodrama — is a hit that bounces from network to network and features different personality types that appeal to different viewer demographics. Audiences get to “know” the contestants, and throwing their weight behind those they like and raging against those they hate, they're deeply invested in their success or failure.
Though pundits and pollsters determine who wins or loses each debate, the media corporations who put on the shows — and who use the ongoing drama to pump up ratings for other shows — are the real winners.
And the candidates have noticed. Last week, while discussing the backlash CNBC received for asking hard questions, Sen. Rand Paul plainly expressed the new order:
We have a product that 20 million people want to watch. And so we should negotiate. People should bid for this. In fact, I think the networks ought to pay the Republican Party to air it.
Live debates, once commercial-free and sober, are now seen by politicians and networks as profitable entertainment products, viewed by audiences who have been conditioned to evaluate them as such. No matter how hard the media tries to comb over this bald reality beneath the ratings-driven political process, democracy in America has been hijacked by the entertainment industry.
Viewed through this lens, the orchestrated pushback against CNBC after the last debate by candidates and pundits (who largely parroted 50-year-old complaints about “trust” and “liberal bias”) is nakedly cynical.
With Fox leading the charge, it's clearly a strategy to drive up ratings for Tuesday's show — and for Fox Business Network to grab some of CNBC's market share.
.@stephenfhayes: “I think what we learned tonight was… how not to question Republican candidates.” #GOPDebate #Hannity — Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 29, 2015
These are not good moderators for a fair debate. There should be one voice at a time. AND they are arguing w the candidates during answers — Steve Doocy (@SteveDoocy) October 29, 2015
Meanwhile, the GOP candidate demands last week for friendlier treatment from networks speak to a shift in power brought about by the profitability of the series, which the performers are now using as leverage.
As Donald Trump learned for 14 years on “The Apprentice” and “The Celebrity Apprentice,” big ratings demand sensationalism, polarizing personalities, catchphrases and conflict.
Yet this creates risk for the presidential candidates. Even though running for president gives you free access to media and fundraising machines, candidates spend enormous sums on ads across multiple media platforms to build their brands, and they need to protect them.
Moreover, the candidates' commercials build awareness of the debate series, which then helps the networks sell more ads and drive ratings for all the shows the candidates appear on. With the success of the two players — candidate and media conglomerate — so tightly intertwined, it's no surprise the GOP performers want more favorable conditions in return for the added value they bring to networks.
Ultimately, if there is “trust” at work in the age of ratings-driven democracy, it isn't between the media and citizens they purport to serve.
Rather, the producers and the performers — in this case, the presidential candidates — trust that everyone will follow the rules, generating entertainment for audiences and ratings for advertisers, while protecting the brands of the celebrities who are auditioning for a recurring role in the ongoing spectacle.
And that you can bank on.
This article was originally published on The Conversation.
Read the original article.
Now that the scope of special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into the Trump campaign's possible ties to Russia have widened to include the president himself, Donald Trump seems to have realized that they need a much stronger legal team to watch their back — and to go up against Mueller's all-star legal team.
Last week saw a number of major changes to the makeup of Trump's legal team. On Thursday, the spokesperson for Trump's team, Mark Corallo, suddenly resigned just two months after accepting the job. According to Politico, Corallo was frustrated with Trump's team and the fighting between them.
Reports that same day also revealed that Trump's longtime personal lawyer Marc Kasowitz is no longer leading the team. That role has been given to John Dowd, a veteran Washington defense lawyer who only joined the team in June.
So who are the members of Trump's legal team? And do they have what it takes to keep the president out of trouble? What follows is a quick guide to the team Trump has assembled to help guide them through their current legal woes.
Marc Kasowitz: Trump's hotheaded longtime personal lawyer
Out of all the lawyers on the president's team, Marc Kasowitz has a relationship with Trump that runs the deepest. Kasowitz has worked for Trump for the past 15 years, representing them in several high-profile cases including the series of lawsuits against Trump University in 2016 and Trump's 2006 defamation suit against biographer Timothy O'Brien for allegedly misrepresenting Trump's net worth.
Given their long history, it's no wonder Trump appointed Kasowitz to lead their team of lawyers. But last week Kasowitz was pulled from the job, and their role on the team going forward will be significantly reduced.
Even though Kasowitz likes to brag that he's been called the toughest lawyer on Wall Street, they have little experience dealing with Justice Department or congressional investigations and is known for being quite hot-tempered. Earlier this month, they threatened a stranger in a string of profane emails that included a blunt warning to “watch your back, bitch.”
John Dowd: the team's new leader
John Dowd, a veteran Washington defense lawyer, is the team's new leader following last week's shake-up. They only joined the team in June and has represented many high-profile government officials, including Sen. John McCain during a 1990 investigation known as the Keating Five scandal, in which McCain was accused of improperly meeting with federal bank regulators on behalf of a campaign contributor. McCain was later cleared of any wrongdoing.
Dowd is also known for leading a Major League Baseball investigation into former Cincinnati Reds player and manager Pete Rose on gambling charges. Because of Dowd's report, Rose was banned from the MLB for life.
A well-respected lawyer with a long history of dealing with the Justice Department, Dowd adds a much-needed boost to the team's federal expertise.
Ty Cobb: the special counsel to the White House
Ty Cobb — who, yes, is a distant relative of the famous baseball player of the same name — is the newest member of Trump's team. It was only announced earlier this month that they would join as special counsel to the White House. Now he's reportedly overseeing the White House's legal and media response to the Russia investigation.
A former federal prosecutor and partner at the multinational law firm Hogan Lovells, Cobb specialized in bribery and corruption law and congressional investigations. Their addition to the team sends a clear signal of how seriously Trump is taking mounting allegations.
“He brings to the White House a lot of experience the president has not had,” Dowd, who recommended Cobb for the job, told USA Today.
Jay Sekulow: the media guru and public face of the team
Jay Sekulow has become the face of Trump's team after regularly appearing on Fox News, CNN, and other media outlets. When they do, they always defend Trump. In an interview with CNN earlier this month, for instance, Sekulow said the president “was not aware of a meeting” between Donald Trump Jr. and a Russian lawyer.
Sekulow, the chief counsel at the American Center for Law and Justice, a conservative, Christian-based social organization, also adds a bit more experience to the mix. He's argued 12 cases in front of the Supreme Court, including hearings on abortion rights and religious freedom. They also host their own radio talk show.
Michael Bowe: Kasowitz's associate
Michael Bowe is one of Kasowitz's partners and has worked with them for more than two decades. Like their boss, Bowe has specialized in commercial, corporate, and real estate litigation on Wall Street. They have created a name for themselves by regularly appearing on cable news outlets. They frequently appear on CNBC, Fox Business News, and Bloomberg, according to their firm's website.
A Texas appeals court has struck down a law allowing police officers to conduct warrantless blood tests on suspected drunk drivers.
The law borrows concepts from the Texas Transportation Code and other statutes, and has both attorneys and Fourth Amendment advocates up in arms over what it means to conduct an “unreasonable search and seizure.” In 2013, the Supreme Court ruled in Missouri v. McNeely that the natural dissipation of alcohol in the bloodstream does not constitute an exigent circumstance justifying blanket authorization for warrantless searches. Texas' “No Refusal” periods, however, throw a wrench in an easy hypo by injecting statutorily-based “implied consent” into the mix. (“No Refusal” periods are exactly what they sound like.)
What happens if you refuse to provide a sample and/or perform sobriety tests in the field? Up until last week, the authorities would haul you into jail and forcibly extract the evidence from the crook of your right arm—without a warrant. The convenience of this level of “implied consent” was too much for the Texas Criminal Court of Appeals, however, and last week they ruled this type of search unconstitutional.
Via the Houston Chronicle:
“We hold that a nonconsensual search of a DWI suspect's blood conducted pursuant to the mandatory-blood-draw and implied-consent provisions in the Transportation Code, when undertaken in the absence of a warrant or any applicable exception to the warrant requirement, violates the Fourth Amendment,” Judge Elsa Alcala of the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals wrote on behalf of the five majority opinion judges. Four members of the nine-judge court dissented.
Constitution trumps statute, and it feels so right.
Accusations that when used, the warrant process for these types of convictions is little more than a rubber stamp aside, this is a great development for the Fourth Amendment. The ruling won't kill No Refusal as a whole, but it will limit the admissibility of evidence obtained without a warrant.
Courts should be careful with their assessments of exigency; normally, evaluation of exigent circumstances happens on a case-by-case basis—the window in the convict's apartment breaks, the woman screams, the gun fires—which makes sense considering the standard lives or dies at the hands of circumstance. To grant a blanket stamp of exigency onto the changing chemical makeup of a suspect's blood wouldn't just set us teetering at the top of the slippery slope; it would send us careening down headfirst with our pants down.
Battlefield 1 CTE Receives New Patch, Details Here
Close
To ensure quality, DICE released another patch in Battlefield 1's CTE. The said patch focuses on improving not only the weapons but also the netcode and server-side hit-detection. However, not everything included in the patch for CTE will be available for the main game.
Netcode And Server-Side Hit-Detection Improvements
According to Segment Next, players will now experience an improved CTE. The patch released by DICE is set to provide better netcode for a harmonious online connection in Battlefield 1. First, the update is for fixing jitter problems every time a spectator watches.
Ping is also replaced with Latency as seen on scoreboards. DICE will issue a penalty for player who pings over 100 ms. The server-side hit-detection will be applied and players will know it via an icon shown in the upper right corner.
The patch also brings in more latency icons to be shown. Yellow Latency means players have reached 90 ms while Red Latency means players have reached over to 200 ms. The update will also prioritize hit information, along with improvement in the algorithm to avoid lagging in Battelfield 1.
Weapons And Vehicles Upgrades
DICE did not only focus on improving the netcode and hit detectors in CTE but also the weapons and vehicles. As per PVP Live, sniper rifles will no longer have any issue with cocking pieces and zooming in the targets.
The M1903 Experimental Trigger has been increased to match They Shall Not Pass changes for ROF. Whenever players decide to throw a grenade, expect that there will be a delay of 0.3 second. In addition, the supply of the explosives will be shorter than before.
The patch also removes the issue whenever players exit the St. Chamond tank. The first-person camera will reset every time they leave. The AA canon blast damage will bring more damage to different planes in Battlefield 1.
Lastly, players will see improvements for controls in Battlefield 1's CTE. With the said patch, DICE aims to bring a quality gaming experience for everyone testing the soon-to-be released updates to its beloved game.
Sign Up for the ITECHPOST Newsletter Get the Most Popular iTechPost Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
© 2019 ITECHPOST, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Have you ever seen experienced developers fail? When all external factors are positive and all team members are competent, why sometimes projects come out of mediocre quality or fail completely? You might think that some essential component must be missing, but what could it be?
Software development is a young craft, it has been around for no more than 50 years. There simply haven't been enough time to develop universal techniques which would allow solving non-obvious problems. On the other hand, other crafts like painting were evolving for many generations. Modern painting techniques are known since times of Leonardo da Vinci. What if similar problems already have proven solutions and we, as developers, just have to grab and adopt them?
While there must be different reasons for experienced developers to fail, I noticed that there is one most fundamental. The first and most important thing which any art school student learns during the first semester of education is the idea that whole is more important than its parts. Students are taught to ignore details and to pay attention to the whole picture. The philisophical generalization of this idea is called holism. It is adopted by many sciences and crafts like biology, chemistry, sociology, economy etc. Yet computer engineering never adopted the idea.
I compared two books from the popular For Dummies series. Painting For Dummies contain chapters named:
The whole is greater than the sum of the parts
The devil in the details
Blurring details to see the overall composition better
While Programming For Dummies is all about tools, languages, system requirements and no chapters about techniques and work organization. This fact made me sad, because it is the same as if painters were taught only about paints, paper and brushes.
To better understand the idea checkout the speedpaint made by Wojtek Fus:
Pause the video at any point and the picture will look like a finished portrait. Depending on the chosen art style and required detalization author could stop at any point and say that work is done. This is achieved by the special technique according to which author never stops at any detail for too long. This way the picture evolves as a whole. Compare it to the typical software project where each part is made separately and often combined with other parts one week before the final release. Imagine, if software developers could use the same technique to instead evolve features integrated with each other from the beginning of the project. Project could be stopped at any point and be shippable. We would never have deadline problems again, right?
What if artists were working like developers?
Provincial movie theaters in Belarus keep the tradition of handpainting the movie posters as in the days when large poster prints were not available. Some unfortunate posters became internet memes. I am not an artist nor an art critic, so I will be explaining my point as a dilettante using totally inappropriate terminology.
This is a poster of Just Married movie from 2003. Pay attention to character face features separately one at atime, you wight say that they are carefully done, but if you stand back and see the whole face you see that it is distorted.
Another example is a portrait of Brad Pitt from the movie Troy. The shadows and details are painted nicely. I might guess that painter started their work from the lower part of the face, they painted chin before noticing that there is not enough space on the canvas, so they just decided to paint top part smaller. Face looks ugly and distorted as a result.
My personal favorite one is mr Arnold Schwarzenegger in the role of heartful Terminator. The details are amazing, separate bits of hair are carefully painted, you can see that author spent an enormous amount of time painting tiny details of face scar and even eyeballs. But as with other posters the whole picture is crap.
I hope these illustrations explain the source of some analogical problems we have with modern software.
Will developers adopt the holism idea and when?
To answer this question we should dig deeper into the history of visual art evolution. Again I am not a expert in this field so I will be over simplifying. Art evolution is far from linear process but we might divide it into 4 main stages:
Cave painting
About 40 thousand years ago human brain evolved the desire for art. In the beginning there were no rules, basically every individual had to invent their own way of producing art. This was a period of artistic chaos and it worked well as art was still simple.
Medieval painting
People started to copy each other and improve upon previous creations. Art became more complex and rules emerged.
Renaissance
Artists kept collectively improving rules merging art with science. Realistic visual art appeared.
Avant-garde
Finally, strict rules were abandoned and art went back to chaos again, still it was chaos of totally new quality and complexity. This is the stage where we exist now and no one knows what comes next.
Probably any kind of art, science and craft go through the same four main stages. If so, our question is: at which stage computer engineering is at the moment?
I might propose that computer engineering is somewhere between Cave and Medieval stages. Universal rules are yet to be developed, but some attempts are ongoing. Agile methodology is one of the attempts. In fact the ideas similar to holism were proposed by Agile activists and were named lean or incremental development, still unfortunately they are not widely adopted. Some developers use rules of Agile development almost like religious doctrines, while others abandon them, including some of the founders. We are currently in the state of active collective work to develop the first set of rules to escape chaos.
I also might speculate that software development will go through Renaissance and Avant-garde stages in the future, but I have no idea about what will it be like.
Conclusion
I will not explain how exactly this idea should work for software development, this part will be left for you to think about. Consider is as a homework, read more about Agile, Lean and Incremental methodologies. Be sure to check out techniques like Continuous integration and Test-driven development. These methodologies and techniques probably don't work for everyone, but it is in your power to improve upon work of others. Use scientific approach and share the experience.
If you are already familiar with Agile software development or even use it in your everyday work, this article should be a reminder that you are on the right path.
P.S. The idea of holism is universal and could be used for anything. Use it to develop your career or relationship with your life partner, use it to rise children or clean the house. In fact I used the same principle to write this article.
Mumbai: Actor turned director Ajay Devgn, who is busy shooting for their film ‘Shivaay' recently announced their next project, ‘Son of Sardaar 2'. The actor will sport a turban for the second time, and play a Sikh freedom fighter in this story that will be based on the historic Battle of Saragarhi.
On Friday, the actor received an open letter from a concerned Sikh group, who expressed their hurt and concerns as the actor prepares to portray the historic battle of 21 Sikhs of the 36th Sikh Regiment (now the 4th Battalion of the Sikh Regiment) of British India.
The note expressed the concerns of the community as ‘the same team allies together to make an 'entertainer' and that too on battle of Saragarhi'. The author of the note also put forth a list of suggestions which made it clear that the battle ‘was not just another battle, but a sheer personification of Sikh spirit'. They also suggested that the ‘legend of Havildar Ishar Singh' would ‘grab bigger minds' and lastly to ‘break stereotypes'.
The note read:
Dear Mr. Devgan / Dear Mr. Dhir
Of late, the news of Sons of Sardaar has been in the glare of publicity. Today, this news has reasons to worry concerned Sikhs as your earlier work bearing similar title had deeply hurt Sikh sentiments.
From the trimmed beard, to the lord Shankar tattoos on the shaven chest of protagonist, or the usual stereotyping of Sikhs - calling them inventors of expletives, are still afresh in minds of young Sikhs. Advocate Navkiran Singh had even issued a legal notice to Mr. Devgan (the actor and producer of SOS) which was arrogantly ignored.
Today when the same team allies together to make an 'entertainer' and that too on battle of Saragarhi, intelligent and thinking Sikhs have all reasons to feel concerned and apprehensive.
Please bear with me as I go into the background of such concerns.
Sikhs in India and across the world have always had to struggle hard because of their unique identity. At times being victims of hate crimes or of mistaken identity (one case came to light even while this letter was being written). Inspite of this, legends of their victories, big or small, in far off corners of the world giving Sikhs right to practise their faith, in their own way, keep making headlines.
For a Sikh this identity is a form and expression of his/ their faith, which cherishes his/ their ties with the Sikh Gurus and Khalsa brotherhood. Indian Media system per se has been hostile to this identity. In this background, Sikh identity is being attacked everyday! whether it is in school text books, Santa Banta jokes or the sterotypical potryal of Sikhs as mere clowns in Bollywood. Arguably, the list doesn't end here. Other techniques and ways are far more subtle and all the more dangerous.
Today, when you are attempting a period film based on epic saga of the battle of Saragarhi, on behalf of entire Sikh community we would like to make the following suggestions and submissions.
For the Sikhs, Saragrahi is not just another battle, its sheer personification of Sikh spirit of bravery, valour and sacrifice. There are also two Gurudwaras constructed and maintained in memory of this battle.
Secondly, authenticity in the form and spirit of the character of those 21 Sikhs including the legend Havildar Ishar Singh would not only enhance the look and feel of the movie, but would also grab bigger mind share in the Sikh diasporas worldwide, which in itself is a sizeable market segment.
Thirdly, you can attempt to break stereotypes with this work. A realistic potrayal of a Sikh, attempted in the past, by Rocket Singh and Bhaag Milkha Bhaag is what the Sikh community and we are sure the audience on the whole would appreciate.
Today the matured audience is more keen to watch authenticity and realism over dramatisation and glamour.
Further as a community in Mumbai we would be more than happy to extend any support in terms of historical data or any other relevant information for the screenplay of this movie.
With this we wish you all the very best in this attempt which has a potential of becoming a monumental work.
Best Regards
Charanjit Singh
Ajay was quick to respond to these concerns and took to their social networking handle to send out the following message:
Dear Charanjit Singh, Taranjit Singh and all the concerned members of the esteemed Sikh Community,
I am touched that your concerns echo my concerns. I am in complete agreement with you. Coming of age as a proud member of the Punjabi community at large, it is for these very reasons as mentioned by you in your open letter, that I have chosen to undertake the journey of the bravest Sons Of Sardar, the Sikhs of Saragarhi.
The battle of Saragarhi fought by the Sikh warriors on this very day, 12th September 1897, epitomizes the strength, valour and courage that every Sikh has ever stood for. The coming generations and the world at large needs to not only know but also celebrate in every way the sacrifice that these brave soldiers made for the honour and lives of their troops in the battle of Saragarhi.
At the right time the correct responsible people and sources concerned will be consulted to take accurate inputs to be included in the film. We have undertaken a detailed research. This is not just my film, this is not just a film, this is a tribute to the true meaning of 'Sardaar'.
Today, on the Saragarhi Day, I salute the men who stood tall against all odds, I salute the Warriors of Saragarhi - Sons Of Sardaar
A man found not guilty by reason of insanity in 2014 after being charged with stabbing their father in the chest with a pocketknife — to see what it would be like to take a life — is behind bars again.
Bamboo Flute Blanchard, now 21, was released from custody Feb. 5, 2014, under conditions that included not drinking alcohol or using illegal substances, court records show.
But Blanchard was arrested Oct. 17 and charged with possession of LSD, jail records show. That arrest meant they had violated the terms of their release. Officials secured an arrest warrant for Blanchard, whose last known address was 2219 SE 49th Drive in Gainesville, and they were served Wednesday.
Just before 6 p.m. Monday, a Gainesville police officer spotted Blanchard on a scooter, swerving across two lanes in "a serpentine pattern" for several blocks.
When the officer pulled them over, they noted that they appeared nervous and "his heart could be seen beating through their shirt."
Blanchard would not let them search the scooter or their belongings, but police dog Axe alerted to the presence of drugs, and officers conducted their search, an arrest report shows.
In a backpack, which the officers noted smelled like cannabis, they found a wallet with several rectangular pieces of paper inside a cellophane wrapper that a field test said contained LSD, the report said. Blanchard immediately told the officers they didn't know what the papers were and that they weren't his.
In 2014, Blanchard was diagnosed with psychotic disorder and polysubstance dependence disorder after a June 2013 incident in which the then-18-year-old was in their family home when, without warning, they attacked their father, who had been lying down in their bedroom, records show.
Sheriff's deputies and Alachua County Fire Rescue responded to the scene of the stabbing, where they reported learning that Bamboo's younger brother had been using the knife for another purpose before laying it down on their bed. Blanchard then picked up the knife and gazed at it, saying, "I wonder what it would be like to take a life," deputies reported.
They then rubbed the knife on their chest near their heart and said they didn't think they could "handle it," the report said.
Blanchard then walked to their father's bedroom while being trailed by their younger brother and suddenly stabbed their father in the chest, deputies reported.
Alachua County Fire Rescue transported the elder Blanchard to UF Health Shands Hospital, where they told law enforcement they initially thought their son had punched them in the chest but looked down and saw they had been stabbed, according to the report. The father refused to give a sworn written statement regarding the events.
Blanchard also refused to speak to deputies and only grunted during their interview, deputies said.
No Hero is a seven-issue serialized graphic novel written by Warren Ellis and featuring artwork by Juan Jose Ryp.
Plot Summary
In 1966, a group of superhumans emerged in San Francisco, guided by the man whose unique new drugs gave them their incredible powers. Calling themselves The Levellers, this unified front stood against street crimes and corruption, in defense of their city against any and all assault. Years have passed, and we fast-forward through the tumultuous events of those early years to today, where the idealistic Levellers have gone through four incarnations to become The Front Line. But the team is not the only thing that's advanced over the years, and there are no easy victories when their luck finally begins to run out…
"Superhuman Trilogy"
No Hero is typically regarded as the second part in Avatar's and Warren Ellis' "Superhuman Trilogy" dealing with the creation of superheroes. The other two books include Black Summer (which also featured art by Juan Jose Ryp) and Supergod (featuring art by Garrie Gastonny). In an interview before the release of the first issue of Supergod Warren Ellis said "Black Summer was about superhumans who were too human. No Hero was about superhumans who were inhuman. Supergod is about superhumans who are no longer human at all, but something else. The third leg of a thematic trilogy if you like." [link]
Collected Volumes
Starz is bringing Evil Dead to TV.
The premium network has greenlighted an original series, entitled Ash vs. Evil Dead, that will serve as a follow-up to the horror comedy film franchise, it was announced Monday.
Read more Sam Raimi Plans 'Evil Dead' TV Series, 'Last of Us' Film
Original Evil Dead director Sam Raimi, producer Rob Tapert and star Bruce Campbell will return for the 10-episode half-hour series, slated for a 2015 premiere.
The series marks Raimi and Tapert's return to Starz following their Spartacus run. Raimi revealed plans to continue the Evil Dead story on the small screen back at Comic-Con.
Campbell reprises their role as the title character Ash, a stock boy, aging lothario and chainsaw-handed monster hunter who has spent the last three decades avoiding responsibility, maturity and the terrors of the Evil Dead. When a Deadite plague threatens to destroy all humankind, Ash is finally forced to face their demons — personal and literal. Destiny, it turns out, has no plans to release the unlikely hero from its evil grip.
Raimi will direct the pilot, which they will co-write with their brother, Ivan (Darkman, Army of Darkness, Drag Me to Hell), and Tom Spezialy (Chuck, Reaper, Desperate Housewives). Sam Raimi will executive produce, along with Tapert and Campbell. Ivan Raimi will co-executive produce, while Aaron Lam (Spartacus) will produce.
See more Making a Cult Classic: Behind the Scenes of 'Evil Dead 2'
"Starz first worked with Sam and Rob on Spartacus, and we are thrilled to be back in business with them,” said Carmi Zlotnik, managing director of Starz. “With Sam writing and directing and Bruce Campbell returning to the screen, we are certain the show will give Evil Dead fans around the world the fix they've been craving.”
“Evil Dead has always been a blast. Bruce, Rob, and I are thrilled to have the opportunity to tell the next chapter in Ash's lame but heroic saga. With their chainsaw arm and their ‘boomstick,' Ash is back to kick some monster butt. And brother, this time there's a truckload of it,” said Sam Raimi.
"I'm really excited to bring this series to the Evil Dead fans worldwide — it's going to be everything they have been clamoring for: serious deadite ass-kicking and plenty of outrageous humor,” said Campbell.
“Starz has always been a great creative partner and we are excited to be working with them on this project,” added Tapert.
The original Evil Dead film, released in 1981, centered on Ash and their group of friends who travel to an isolated cabin in the woods, where they unknowingly release demons intent on possessing the living. The film spawned two sequels and a 2013 reboot, which earned $97 million at the worldwide box office.
Ash vs. Evil Dead was packaged by CAA, APA and Hansen Jacobson. Starz will retain domestic and international multiplatform rights, including TV, home entertainment and digital. Campbell is repped by APA and Jacobson Russell Saltz Nassim & de la Torre.
This marks the latest cult property to be rebooted following Showtime's limited-series order of David Lynch's Twin Peaks. For Starz, the new Evil Dead series joins a scripted portfolio that includes Survivor's Remorse, Outlander, Da Vinci's Demons, Power, Black Sails and the upcoming Flesh and Bone.
Twitter: @insidethetube
How does this work?
This Ether faucet is running on the Rinkeby network. To prevent malicious actors from exhausting all available funds or accumulating enough Ether to mount long running spam attacks, requests are tied to common 3rd party social network accounts. Anyone having a Twitter, Google+ or Facebook account may request funds within the permitted limits.
To request funds via Twitter, make a tweet with your Ethereum address pasted into the contents (surrounding text doesn't matter).
Copy-paste the tweets URL into the above input box and fire away! To request funds via Google Plus, publish a new public post with your Ethereum address embedded into the content (surrounding text doesn't matter).
Copy-paste the posts URL into the above input box and fire away! To request funds via Facebook, publish a new public post with your Ethereum address embedded into the content (surrounding text doesn't matter).
Copy-paste the posts URL into the above input box and fire away!
You can track the current pending requests below the input field to see how much you have to wait until your turn comes.
The faucet is running invisible reCaptcha protection against bots.
About
THEN WHO WAS PHONE? (usually capitalized) is a catchphrase associated with a subtype of creepypasta stories that are poorly written or unintentionally funny. Most typically seen on 4chan's /x/ (paranormal) board, the phrase bears some similarities to other grammatically incorrect memes like "I Accidentally" or How Do I Shoot Web.
Origin
The original creepypasta was posted via 4chan's /x/ (paranormal) board on March 28th, 2008.
Spread
Throughout 2008, the creepypasta became a staple catchphrase within the /x/ community, spawning a variety of derivative stories with similar elements of mystery, as well as spreading across other discussion communities like Bodybuilding Forums , NeoGAF Forums and Yahoo Answers. The notability of the phrase has been also documented by referential websites such as Encyclopedia Dramatica, Urban Dictionary, TV Tropes and Bad Creepypasta Wiki.
On July 30th, 2008, YouTuber SCPantera uploaded a dramatic reading of the narrative (shown below).
In 2009, "Then Who Was Phone?" continued to spread through internet humor blogs, making appearances on websites like Cheezburger and FunnyJunk. However, despite its recognizable status, questions about the meaning behind the phrase continued to surface on Q&A forum communities, most notably Yahoo Answers with more than 470 related posts (as of March 2013).
Notable Examples
Fan Art Illustrations
Image Macros
Derivatives
Counter Strike Edition
So yur with guerilla and yur planting bomb wen chat appears. U read the chat and the text is "wut r u doing with my base". U tell the guerilla and they say "GIGN is ded". then who was chat?
Super Mario Edition
So You're Withe Youre bitcha and you arE licking their feet wen your Siemens squilla. You presse de geereenno button "CHE STAI FACENDO CON MIA FIGLIA??" you telle your bitcha n they say "My pimp is ded". who was Siemens?
Toast Edition
So ur with ur honey and yur making a sandwich wen the toaster digns. U buter it n the vioce is "wut r u doing wit my dinner?" U tell ur sandwich n it says "my dad is bred". THEN WHO WAS THE PIECE OF TOAST?
Rastafarian Edition
Alright my yout, mi and dis fine gyal decide we waan fi go park, we went pon swing, pon slide, and even have good time a bounce pon teeter-totter. Buoy, it fun mi tell yuh. Been long since we frolic ina park. We sit dung a ground fi have lunch, afta lunch they waan fi go home, so we went to their house fi watch movie and sinting. Mi tell you, the gyal mus be one freak, because they jump pon my lap and start suck out mi face. After 5 minute the blood clot phone ring and mi answer. One rated man come yell ina mi ear, man was livid! Him say sumthing like 'YO STAR, A WEH YOU A DO WIT MI PICKEY?' Mi just give one sour look pon my girl face and ask a wuh dis man business? Gyal tell me their dad ded, them ina ground, ded, ded, ded. A WHO DI BUMBACLOT DEH PON MY PHONE?
Verbose Edition
Theoretically, you and your romantic partner, who is most likely of the female gender, are accompanying each other, when the cellular telephone, of which you are the legal owner, abruptly emits an audible tone, which is highly likely to be your default sound that will play when someone from another location, usually within your country of residence, depending on your telephone carrier or provider, inputs a finite pattern composed of numerical units into their legally owned cellular telephone, which in turn will send a wave that goes through a complex process that includes radios and telephone towers. You walk over to the area that the cellular telephone is physically placed, and you translate the telephone receiver from it's resting area, where it is mechanically constructed to fit into, all the way in the direction towards your ear drums, and then place the northern part of the device to your ear, and then place the southern part near your mouth, most likely onto your cheek. A voice that resembles that of an adult male proclaims "What activity are you currently in the process of completing, that involves having my female offspring attend!?". You immediately notify your female romantic companion, and they educate you on the objective fact that the paternal guardian that they normally refer to as "Father" has stopped living some time in the past, and is also currently deceased. If the details of this story are in fact, the truth, than it is now your duty to answer the question of 'Who was calling you and your romantic companion on your cellular telephone?'.
Search Interest
Search traffic for "then who was phoned" peaked in 2008, shortly after the creepypasta was submitted to 4chan's /x/ board.
External References
/ San Diego Skyweel at Discovery Point The Skywheel at Discovery Point would replace a parking lot at G Street Mole with a 400-foot Ferris wheel and visitor pavilion. The Skywheel at Discovery Point would replace a parking lot at G Street Mole with a 400-foot Ferris wheel and visitor pavilion. (/ San Diego Skyweel at Discovery Point)
A 400-foot Ferris wheel, complete with a light show and museum exhibits, would be downtown's next big attraction if proposers of the Skywheel at Discovery Point get the nod from the San Diego Unified Port District.
The $200 million project at G Street Mole, just south of the USS Midway Museum, is just one of three competing Ferris wheels the port board will discuss next week as it decides if now is the time to act before it completes its bay-wide master plan.
AARON Steckelberg / Union-Tribun AARON Steckelberg / Union-Tribun
The proposals came from developers Charles Black and David Malmuth in partnership with SeaWorld; Allegis Development, headed by Kip Howard; and Chance American Wheels, represented by Molly Bowman Styles, according to the San Diego Unified Port District. A fourth proposal by Bruce Denham of San Diego Bay Adventures has been withdrawn.
The Black-Malmuth Skywheel will be previewed Wednesday by the Environment + Design Council, a coalition of various architectural and planning groups that will meet at noon at the NewSchool of Architecture and Design downtown.
Called the San Diego Skywheel at Discovery Point, the $200 million project would include a 400-foot wheel and a three-level, 420-space parking garage topped by a 30,000-square-foot pavilion on the parking lot at the G Street Mole, just south of Navy Pier and the USS Midway Museum. SeaWorld would maintain and operate the attraction.
The wheel would be smaller than the 443-foot London Eye and Las Vegas' 550-foot High Roller but more than three times the size of the San Diego County Fair's 112-foot Grand Wheel in Del Mar. It would be outfitted with digitally controlled lighting and the pavilion would display exhibits from local museums and institutions to introduce visitors to San Diego's history and accomplishments. Its 30 gondolas would transport 25 riders each in 30-minute rotations for 1.7 million to 2.3 million annually. The admission price is projected at $25 to $30.
"The story we wanted to tell was the San Diego story, how precious our environment is," Malmuth said. "That story can only be told when you're actually seeing, touching and feeling it... Our hope is what you walk away with is a renewed understanding of the preciousness of this place and what an incredibly special place San Diego plays in this ecosystem."
Funding would come from investors who have not yet been identified, Malmuth said.
The port staff has suggested all wheel proposals be presented at the board's Feb. 10 meeting and seek direction how they should be analyzed.
But outgoing board chairperson Bob Nelson said it is premature to consider any of them until the port's new master plan is completed over the next four years. The board will set its February agenda at next Tuesday's meeting.
"I feel it is totally inappropriate to consider any such major new project when we have not even started on the process of determining the best types of uses in the very limited developable land we have," Nelson said.
Diane Coombs, cochairperson of the Navy Broadway Complex Coalition that also monitors general downtown waterfront issues, called the project "dead on arrival."
/ San Diego Skyweel at Discovery Point The Skywheel would soar above surrounding structures, including the Midway. The Skywheel would soar above surrounding structures, including the Midway. (/ San Diego Skyweel at Discovery Point)
"We've had enough walling off" of the waterfront, Coombs said. "There's nothing that says if you want a Ferris wheel, it can't go anywhere else in San Diego. It's not water dependent."
However, Kris Michell, president of the Downtown San Diego Partnership business group, endorsed the wheel as yet another reason to visit the waterfront.
"I think it will activate the waterfront and be a financial driver for the waterfront," Michell said. "If anyone has seen the London Eye, they rave about it. And it's a great way to have the history of the areas explained as you're rising about it. It is to me a fabulous idea."
Jim Wendler, president of the Fish Market restaurants that has had an eatery at G Street Mole since 1989, said they had talked to the Black-Malmuth team but considers their plan "crazy."
"Something like that would have a severely negative impact, not just through construction but through an ongoing period afterwards," Wendler said.
They said even at the end of the Fish Market's lease about 15 years from now, they could imagine some upgrades and improvements but nothing as dramatic as the Skywheel.
"We would not have something this crazy," they said.
The Skywheel is the second high-rise attraction proposed on the North Embarcadero. The first was the 500-foot "Wings of Freedom," a $35 million sail-like sculpture proposed in 2011 at the foot of Navy Pier by the Midway Museum and to be funded by entrepreneur and philanthropist Denny Sanford.
The port board received a presentation but set aside any decision pending approval of a new master plan for the entire bay and redevelopment of Navy Pier. That plan may not be completed until 2019, the year when Black and Malmuth hope their wheel will open. They say the port could collect $3 million of the projected $40 million annual revenues if attendance hits the 2 million mark
Black is best known as the former president of the San Diego Padres who led construction of Petco Park and the surrounding development. They currently are CEO of CB Urban Development.
Malmuth continues as a partner on the >I.D.E.A. District in downtown's East Village, a multiblock residential and commercial development aimed at promoting the neighborhood's budding emphasis on innovation, design, education and the arts -- hence the district name.
Besides SeaWorld, other team members include Starneth, the wheel designer; Entertainment + Culture Advisors for economic analysis; McCarthy Building, general contractor; Greenhaus, marketing and branding; and Nuffer, Smith, Tucker, public and community relations.
Howard said their Allegis Development proposal would place a similarly sized wheel along with an as-yet undetermined entertainment component at Seaport Village as part of its redevelopment.  They are partnership with developers of the Orlando Eye due to open this spring near Disney World But they said the Seaport operators, Terramar Retail Centers which also operates the adjacent Headquarters at Seaport District, has not yet signed on to the idea.
While working on juju, I noticed a curious code snippet:
var ( stepPrepare = executorStep{"preparing", Operation.Prepare} stepExecute = executorStep{"executing", Operation.Execute} stepCommit = executorStep{"committing", Operation.Commit} )
where Operation is an interface:
type Operation interface { Prepare(state State) (*State, error) Execute(state State) (*State, error) Commit(state State) (*State, error) }
Surely, storing a method of an interface definition as a variable makes no sense. But then again, what is the type of interface method? Let's check:
package main import "fmt" type A interface { Run(param string) string } func main() { fmt.Printf("%T", A.Run) }
The output is
func(main.A, string) string Program exited.
We can see that the method is actually a function taking the receiver as its first parameter. Can we use it as a first class citizen? Let's see:
package main import "fmt" type A interface { RunA(param string) string RunB(param string) string } type impl struct {} func (impl) RunA(param string) string { return "ran A: " + param } func (impl) RunB(param string) string { return "ran B: " + param } func execute(on A, runner func(A, string)string) string { return runner(on, "hey!") } func main() { fmt.Println(execute(impl{}, A.RunA)) fmt.Println(execute(impl{}, A.RunB)) }
And the output we get:
ran A: hey! ran B: hey! Program exited.
Neat! So we can actually specify which method to run on an interface implementation without bulky switches and constants!
It's a cold December morning, and my daughter and I are late leaving the house for seminary. I'm rushing around the house with just one glove on. “Just a minute,” I call out. “I want to find my other glove.
My daughter isn't particularly eager to attend seminary today, so I give up on the glove before they lose momentum and decides to stay home to study more for their history class.
After they fasten their seatbelt, they start checking the settings for the headlights and the heater. I'm in the passenger seat, using my phone to look on the floorboards and between the seats for my lost glove. “Mom. I can't concentrate on driving if you're waving that light around.”
Right before I turn off the flashlight on my phone, the light catches silver coins strewn around the floorboards, but not my missing glove. I leave the coins on the floor so that I don't further distract the driver in training.
On the way to seminary, I can hear my daughter's breathing change to that cadence correlated with crying. I don't ask them what's wrong. She'll just get more upset, and we'll probably not make it out of the parking lot and into the church building. While we drive in silence, I replay a past conversation in my head.
“A student in my seminary class used a friend of mine from school as an example of sin. By name. And everyone laughed.”
After they park the car, they sit quietly for a minute. I'm composing drafts of conversations in my head:
Do I try distracting them with questions about upcoming school responsibilities? Do I list some of their many strengths? Do I emphasize the love their father and I have for her? Do I explain how I work around tensions I experience with church doctrine, policies, or people? Do I emphasize how I am sometimes the trial at church that other people have to endure? Do I bear my testimony the gospel principles I hold most dear?
They take a deep breath and opens the door. As they grab their backpack from the backseat, I call out: “You have infinite worth. I love you broken, but God loves you perfect.”
After they enter the church, I sit in the car and think about all the parenting choices I've made in sixteen years.
For the next couple of days, I intermittently paw through the house, trying to find that lost glove. By Sunday night, I still haven't found it.
I'm upstairs in the office while my daughter is working with my husband to do make up work for seminary. I can hear them talking through tears. I catch fragments: “And then the teacher made a joke about someone appearing to be gay, and everyone laughed.” And later “Why is this the main focus of the youth program? Don't be gay.”
It's after dinner, and I see an announcement on Facebook about the fourth and final meeting of an interfaith series in my town. I missed the ones hosted by one of the local Catholic parishes, the local Jewish temple, and the local Presbyterians. But I have twenty minutes to make it to the one hosted by the local Muslims at the mosque less than a mile from my house.
Luckily, I was too tired to change out of my church clothes, so I can easily get there on time. I put on my coat, scarf, hat and one glove. At least that one glove shields me from touching the cold steering wheel.
The topic for this last evening is “The Family.” All four faith leaders talk about the challenges they have maintaining membership with the changing nature of the family in the modern era.
The Catholic priest talks about the tension between the theology of the family and the pastoral realities of what contemporary families face: cohabitation, divorce, blended families, mixed-faith families, and youth increasingly choosing “none” as their religious affiliation. The rabbi talks about their dwindling congregation and even speaks about all but one of their four married children choosing to marry outside of the faith. The Presbyterian minister talks about focusing on community as broader than the traditional family and how their congregation embraced a pregnant single woman and offered them a lot of practical support for several years of being a new parent. The speaker from the mosque (a long-time member rather than the newly appointed imam) talked about the influences of the media that are fracturing the traditional family.
I came to offer support for interfaith efforts, but as I listened to the faith leaders speak, my heart grew heavy. These leaders are devout, dedicated, and immersed in the issue of faith and family. And it's a complex, high stakes, and emotional issue for them.
Next they opened the discussion up for questions and answers. Members of the audience from one faith asked questions about another faith: “Why don't priests marry?” “Do American Muslims arrange marriages for their children?” “Will rabbis perform marriages between Jews and non-Jews?” “What roles do women play in church services?”
One table over from me, a beautiful young woman with an oval face and kohl-lined eyes raised their hand. They were wearing a gold and black head scarf and a beautiful full-length dress. They asked the rabbi—who was leading the Q&A portion of the evening—“What can I do to comfort my parents? I was raised Catholic, but I have converted to Islam. They are in a lot of pain. What can I do to help them accept my choice?”
You could hear the whole room collectively stop breathing. I looked around at the hundred or so people of many faiths, people who gathered to open their hearts to other ways of encountering God, other lived experiences. It was very quiet.
While I listened to the faith leaders share their experience ministering to families who migrate from one faith to many faiths, I looked down at my lap and start twisting the single glove sitting in my lap.
[van id=”van/ns-acc/2015/09/28/NE-016MO_CNNA-ST1-1000000002ed1677″]
NICHOLASVILLE, Ky. — A social media post about an armed soldier refused service at a Waffle House restaurant has gone viral.
Billy Welch says they were told to leave their gun in their vehicle or they wouldn't be served, according to WLEX.
Welch, an Army National Guard soldier says, it's all about safety and they were surprise by the response.
They said they stopped at the Waffle House wearing their military uniform, with their gun was by their side. When they ordered, they noticed a waiter and a manager signaling for them to come over.
“I got up and I walked over to them, asked them how they were doing and stuff, and they said I'd have to take my firearm outside,” said Welch. “I don't feel comfortable taking my firearm away from me. I always keep it with me and they said, ‘it's one of our policies.'”
Welch decided that they would leave.
A customer sitting in a booth nearby posted about the incident on Facebook.
Welch says he's grateful for the support.
A statement from the owner of the restaurant reads in-part:
For many years we have had a “no firearms” policy in place in our restaurants. We continue to believe this is the best policy for the safety of our customers and associates.
The HuffPost has removed an article that called for President Donald Trump to be executed, along with all members of their administration and GOP leadership who are complicit in advancing their agenda centered around national security and economic prosperity.
The now-deleted piece was published on June 11 – just days before domestic terrorist James Hodgkinson attempted to massacre dozens of GOP lawmakers during an early morning baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
In the article, headlined “Impeachment Is No Longer Enough; Donald Trump Must Face Justice” HuffPo contributor David Fuller declares that the President must be prosecuted for treason and put to death if found guilty, before going on to demonstrate why they believe Trump and most of the Republican Party are indisputably guilty of treason.
“Impeachment and removal from office are only the first steps; for America to be redeemed, Donald Trump must be prosecuted for treason and — if convicted in a court of law — executed,” writes Fuller. “Donald Trump has been President of the United States for just shy of six months now. I think that most of us among the electorate knew that their presidency would be a relative disaster, but I am not sure how many among us expected the catastrophe our nation now faces.”
In the concluding paragraph, Fuller also makes their case for why the “ultimate punishment” of the President must also be exacted on more Republicans – emphasizing their desires by adding bold font to a line about execution, as demonstrated below.
“Draining the swamp means not only ejecting Trump from the presidency, but also bringing themselves and everyone assists in their agenda up on charges of treason,” they write. “They must be convicted (there is little room to doubt their guilt).”
“And then — upon receiving guilty verdicts — they must all be executed under the law.”
“Anything less than capital punishment — or at least life imprisonment without parole in a maximum security detention facility — would send yet another message to the world that America has lost its moral compass,” they continue. “In order for America's morality and leadership to be restored, it must rebuke Donald Trump, their entire administration, and their legislative agenda in the strongest manner possible.”
Fuller then proceeds to name names of people they would like to see put to death, saying that the survival of the nation depends on their plans.
“Nothing would do more than to convict them of the highest offense defined by our Constitution, and then to deliver the ultimate punishment. Donald Trump deserves nothing less,” they declare. “Mitch McConnell, Steve Bannon, and Paul Ryan should also share Donald Trump's fate, for they have done more than practically anyone to protect them and to throw our country under the proverbial bus.”
The body of the piece is filled with the insane rantings of a radicalized leftist who has bought into every fake news story concocted by the deep state, Democrats, and mainstream media – of which Fuller is apart – including the ‘Russian election conspiracy,' which Fuller asserts was a collusion between Trump and the Russians as “an act of war” against the United States (bold type added for emphasis by the author.)
Fuller self-describes as an activist against “bullying and extremism” in their biography, saying, “I have seen the best and worst in society and in America and am constantly speaking out to try and bring about change… Though I may sometimes fail at it, I try to be the best person I can be and to always stand up for my beliefs.”
Another HuffPost writer has been identified as fully endorsing the shooting of Republicans, also saying that “violent resistance” needs to be “organized.”
.@HuffPost writer @JesseBenn endorses the violence of the #Alexandria shooter this morning They only wishes Rep Steve Scalise would have died pic.twitter.com/eh2Qojdn1t — The Rouser (@RouserNews) June 14, 2017
An archived copy of Jason Fuller's article can be found HERE.
Dan Lyman: Facebook | Twitter
Ask all the questions you want about whether the NHL is a big-time league, but it just made a big-time decision. On Thursday, the NHL and the NHL Players' Association officially partnered with the Can Play project – an organization geared toward eliminating homophobia in sport.
The NHL isn't the first league to officially pair with You Can Play – that was Major League Soccer, last year – but it is perhaps the most symbolically significant right now, in two ways. First, while You Can Play is geared toward ensuring "equality, respect and safety for all athletes, without regard to sexual orientation," much of its heart lies with hockey.
Second, the NHL's move may act as a harbinger – a catalyst, even – for much wider change in North American sport.
Patrick Burke, son of former Toronto Maple Leafs general manager Brian Burke, founded the organization after their younger brother, Brendan, was killed in a car accident in 2010. Brendan, a manager for Miami University's RedHawks, came out shortly before they died, and was widely welcomed as being a pioneer for gay athletes in sports, but particularly in hockey. It was something of a testament to the sport that Burke's coming out was so well received. It didn't mean that homophobia in the sport – even the casual, negative usage of the terms "fag" or "gay," both ubiquitous in locker rooms everywhere – suddenly disappeared. But it was something.
Thursday's announcement, though, is something else entirely. The NHL commissioner, Gary Bettman, said in a statement:
Our motto is 'Hockey Is For Everyone,' and our partnership with You Can Play certifies that position in a clear and unequivocal way. We are delighted to reaffirm through this joint venture with the NHL Players' Association that the official policy of the NHL is one of inclusion on the ice, in our locker rooms and in the stands.
The NHL has had its own problems with headlines about alleged player homophobia. In 2011, Rangers forward Sean Avery alleged that Flyers' forward Wayne Simmonds had uttered a homophobic slur during a game. Despite their reputation as a pest and an on-ice nuisance, Avery was to that point one of the league's most vocal proponent for gay rights. At the time, the NHL interviewed Simmonds and decided not to levy a fine for the alleged incident. "Guys say stuff, it's the heat of the battle of the game," Simmonds said at the time. "It's not things said to hurt people. Sometimes it just happens."
Exactly the problem. As Brian Burke said at the time of the Simmonds incident:
These terms are acceptable and habitual and that's got to change. It doesn't make them less offensive to our gay fans. We wouldn't tolerate if they said the n-word; he'd get suspended. There are some other words that are equally hateful and offensive.
Partnering with You Can Play is, at its base, an effort to break that habit.
Earlier this year, the NFL was embarrassed shortly before its most vaunted event, Super Bowl Sunday, when the San Francisco 49ers cornerback Chris Culliver said they wouldn't welcome a gay teammate. They later apologized and underwent league sensitivity training.
Culliver's thoughts aren't shared by all NFL players. The Minnesota Vikings punter Chris Kluwe has publicly defended gay rights, most recently in an editorial for CNN. "It's not right that our insatiable lust for sports coverage creates an atmosphere where someone would willingly subordinate their life to a backward and bigoted worldview in order to stay employed," they wrote.
Last week, former Baltimore Ravens linebacker Brendon Ayanbadejo said in an interview that there are perhaps four current NFL players who are ready to come out, and are trying to organize themselves to do so on the same day. One imagines if that were to occur, the NFL would have to seriously address any issues of exclusion. And quickly. It can now look to the NHL as a guide.
"The NHL sets the standard for professional sports when it comes to LGBT outreach and we are incredibly grateful for their help and support," Burke, who is now a scout for the Philadelphia Flyers, said Thursday.
This is exactly it: this decision isn't about forcing people to change their views on the spot – that's probably impossible. As it was when Brendan Burke came out, joining with You Can Play is not going to mean that tomorrow, all the homophobes in the NHL or in hockey rinks around the continent will have either vanished or experienced a 180-degree turn in their views. But it sets a standard. It's a mark in the sand, drawing a clear distinction between what's acceptable and what's not, and establishes core ethics. From now on, the team – the collective hockey nation – will go forward in a particular way. There will always be problems and disagreements, but the values have been set down, and that's a very important step.
So, maybe the NHL can't always be proud of its commercial success, its television ratings, or its somewhat lowly status in the pecking order of North American sports. But it can surely hold its head high as the first large, established league to take a stand in favour of LGBT rights. In the long run that will likely prove to be a much more important statistic.
Activists demonstrate in front the Italian Parliament on January 25, 2017 to mark the first anniversary since the disappearance in Egypt of Italian student Giulio Regeni (AFP Photo/ANDREAS SOLARO)
Cairo (AFP) - Egypt's prosecution said Wednesday it has handed over to Italian investigators documents requested by Rome to help the probe into the kidnapping and murder last year of an Italian student.
Giulio Regeni, a 28-year-old Cambridge University PhD student, disappeared in central Cairo in January last year and their body, bearing signs of torture, was later found by the side of a road.
"The Egyptian investigators gave their Italian counterparts the first bunch of documents requested by the Rome prosecution," said a joint statement released by the Egyptian and Italian prosecutions.
It was released as a team of Italian investigators wound up a visit to Cairo.
Egypt had previously dismissed as "unconstitutional" a request by Italy to retrieve thousands of phone records from the areas where Regeni lived, disappeared and where their body was found.
Wednesday's statement also said a deal would be signed later this month aimed at retrieving footage from CCTV cameras from a Cairo metro station Regeni is believed to have entered before being abducted.
In January, the prosecution said Cairo had approved a request to send experts from "the only German company specialised in retrieving data from the camera recording device" at that metro station.
Regeni's case badly strained the traditionally close relations between Rome and Cairo.
The slow pace of the investigation prompted Italy to withdraw its ambassador from Cairo.
Egyptian police initially suggested Regeni died in a traffic accident, but later said they were killed by an anti-foreigner criminal gang whose members were all killed in a shootout with police.
That account was met with suspicion in Italy, where politicians and the media have suggested Regeni was slain by elements of Egypt's security services.
An Italian autopsy showed that Regeni's body was covered with cuts and their bones were broken, indicating they had been hit with "fists, batons and hammers".
A letter "X" was carved on their forehead and hand, according to the report cited by Italian media.
Regeni was in Cairo researching Egyptian street vendor trade unions, a sensitive topic, and had written articles critical of the government under a pen name.
They disappeared from central Cairo on January 25, 2016, a day when security in the capital was tight as it was the fifth anniversary of the uprising that ousted longtime leader Hosni Mubarak.
While Cable used to be the top pick for watching your favorite movies and shows, the launch of several quality streaming services has quickly threatened the dominance of traditional television.
With a large variety of content available at prices that are much more affordable than that of a traditional provider, more and more people are realizing the benefits that moving their TV time from cable to platforms like Netflix provides.
Most people know about the big names like Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Prime, but there are a host of other options that work together to replace your traditional TV. Whether you're cutting the cord or just looking to augment your existing TV service, there's bound to be something to suit your needs.
Best Cable Alternative: DirecTV Now
Price: $35 per month
DirecTV Now is an excellent option for anyone looking for DirecTV service without the satellite dish. For around $35 a month, you can enjoy 60 channels, with 80 channels available for $50 per month. If you're looking to enjoy a selection of your favorite channels without adding extra channels, all for an affordable price, DirecTV Now may be worth a second look.
Higher-tier plans offer up to 120 channels, and regardless of your plan, you can access DirecTV's extensive on-demand library of over 10000 titles. Additional perks include the ability to stream on up to two different devices at any time, as well as support for smartphones and tablets. 4K programming with HDR is also planned for 2018.
Perhaps most notable about DirecTV Now is its status as a sort of traditional TV and streaming hybrid. With a price that's more affordable than cable and no contracts required, you can start up and stop the service as easily as you would Netflix. No extra equipment is required, and to watch it on your TV, all you need is some sort of streaming device. And as part of a current deal, new customers that pay for three months of DirecTV Now will receive a free Apple TV, making that requirement a non-issue.
Best Cable Alternative - Runner-Up: YouTube TV
Price: $35 per month
Youtube has been around for years and is by far the most popular option for people to create and share their own videos. Recently, however, they've been looking to capitalize on the cord-cutting market, offering their own take on a streaming / cable hybrid: YouTube TV
A relative newcomer to the streaming scene, YouTube TV offers access to 50 different TV channels including all major networks, as well as a cloud DVR with unlimited storage. The channel lineup includes a number of popular channels, including Bravo, Disney, ESPN, FX, Fox News, Fox Sports, MSNBC, National Geographic, USA, and some regional sports networks.
The channels that YouTube TV offers are excellent, but there are some notable exclusions that keep it from the spot as top cable alternative. Programming from Viacom,Time Warner, Discovery Communications, and Scripps Networks Interactive is absent on the service, meaning you'll be missing a pretty decent selection of important shows. Until options like MTV, Comedy Central, HGTV, Food Network, Cartoon network and more are added to the service, it will be clear that YouTube TV is still in its infancy.
Best Cable Alternative — Runner-Up: Sling TV
Price: $20 – $40 per month, depending on package.
Sling TV is not nearly as widely recognized as services like Netflix, but we truly feel it's one of the best streaming options currently available in 2017. Offered by DISH Network, Sling markets itself as “A la Carte TV.” It's currently rated as the #1 Live TV Streaming Service in terms of users, and it's well deserving of its customer base. By offering people a customizable cable TV lineup, Sling bridges the gap between cable and a cord cutting world.
Part of the main reason that more people are moving away from traditional TV is the exorbitant costs associated with a cable subscription. If you're paying for 100 channels just to get access to the 5 or 10 you regularly watch, it's truly a waste of money. While you're currently unable to choose just one or two channels to subscribe to, you can build your service off of the type of content you're looking for. Whether you're watching the sports and news, or cartoons and lifestyle programming, there's a customizable package for you that will trim the fat off of Cable TV.
Additionally, you can watch Sling on your phone or tablet, cancel any package easily online, and enjoy a service without long contracts or extra fees. While going with only streaming services like Netflix or Hulu may not be feasible for some people, Sling TV is definitely a good middle ground.
Best Bang for your Buck: Amazon Prime Video
Price: $99 per year / $11 per month for free shipping, $9 standalone video service
While Amazon's video service is not the least expensive service on this list, the benefits that Amazon Prime as a whole offers make it the best bang for your buck. Having access to free two-day shipping on the majority of products sold on Amazon is the main benefit of Amazon Prime. The fact that you get a streaming platform with thousands of movies and TV shows as an added benefit make Amazon Prime an excellent value.
Additionally, Amazon Prime has some excellent exclusive original content such as “Transparent,” Z: The Beginning of Everything” and “The Grand Tour.” The service also offers programs like “Downton Abbey” and “The Americans,” plus HBO's back catalog of shows.
As an added benefit, customers can add on premium channels like HBO and Showtime for a small additional fee.
Best For Network TV: CBS All Access
Price: $6 per month with ads. $10 ad free.
For those looking for major-network content without using an antenna, CBS All Access provides access to full-length episodes from CBS. Additionally, you can enjoy live programming streams of local CBS affiliates in 124 markets. Most of the current series have complete backlogs available to view, so you can catch up on your favorite shows on your own time.
If you're a Sci-Fi fan, CBS All Access is more than worth the cost, due to the debut of its new series “Star Trek: Discovery.” While the service originally released for free on the CBS broadcast channels, the remainder of the episodes are only available through the CBS All Access streaming service.
CBS All Access is also great for watching local NFL games, or to catch up on “The Good Fight,” the much awaited sequel to “The Good Wife.” The main drawback is that it only hosts shows from one particular channel, but if you're a fan of multiple shows it may be worth the price.
Best For British TV: Acorn TV
Price: $5 per month or $50 per year
While services like Netflix, Amazon, and Hulu dominate the streaming arena, there's a market for more niche services that offer something you can't get with the major players. Acorn TV offers users access to their favorite British television programs. A perfect option for international viewers who want a taste of the U.K., Acorn TV runs a variety of programs ranging from drama to comedy. If you need to see Doc Martin's scowl to feel alive, this is a great service and plays well with Roku.
Best For Sports Fans: FuboTV Premier
Price: $35 per month for 50 channels
Part of the reason that many people keep a cable subscription is their desire to watch live sports. While services like Netflix can replace a lot of regular TV content, for a long time, people who wanted to watch their favorite teams were stuck with a monthly cable bill.
FuboTV Premier offers a mix of live and on-demand channels including Fox and NBC, cable channels like A&E, Bravo, FX, SyFy, and USA, and sports networks such as BeIn Sports, FS1, Golf Channel, and NBA TV. Perhaps most importantly, you'll gain access to a variety of regional sports networks that cover sports like the NFL and NBA.
You can get 50 channels for around $35 a month, which is far less expensive than most cable bills. A free DVR service also ensures you won't miss any of the action, with storage for 30 hours of programming as long as you're subscribed.
Best for Game of Thrones Fans: HBO NOW
Price: $15 per month
While HBO used to only be offered as an addon to traditional TV service, fans of shows like Game of Thrones and Westworld can enjoy their favorite programs for an affordable fee of around $15 per month. Additionally, there's a backlog of many of HBO's most popular programs such as “The Sopranos” and “Sex and the City.” With recent subscriber numbers passing 2 million, it's quickly becoming one of the major players in the streaming arena.
All you'll need is a streaming device, and HBO Now is available on a variety of devices ranging from Roku and Apple TV, to gaming consoles like the Playstation 4 and Xbox One. With the high quality of HBO's shows and the flexibility that show creators have as a premium channel, HBO Now has some of the best programming out there.
Best For Access to Current Shows: Hulu
Price: $8 per month with ads, $12 per month without
Hulu has received a reputation in the streaming industry as “Netflix with Ads,” but that's not exactly a fair label. When compared to Netflix, Hulu has access to far more current shows, often uploading episodes just a day or two after they air on TV. Due to the high costs of providing shows that are currently on the air, Hulu runs ads with their $8 a month plan. However, for $4 more you can enjoy all your favorite content without any interruptions.
If you're a college student, Hulu has teamed up with Spotify to offer a combination of the two services for $5 per month — making it one of the cheapest choices on this list.
Best Cable / Streaming Hybrid: Hulu With Live TV
Price: $40 per month
As the name suggests, you can pay around $40 a month for everything Hulu has to offer, combined with around 50 TV channels. Channel lineup includes major broadcast channels like ABC, CBS, Fox, and NBC in several markets, as well as cable channels including A&E, Cartoon Network, CNN, Disney, Fox News, FX, TBS, and TNT.
Hulu With Live TV may also be an excellent option for sports fans, with access to CBS Sports, ESPN, and Fox Sports, as well as some regional sports networks. Following in the footsteps of traditional TV providers, you can pay an extra $15 a month for a DVR capable of recording 200 hrs of content. Record games while you're away from home so you never miss a moment of the action.
The duo of Hulu's impressive library of streaming content combined with a channel lineup that even includes access to live sports, makes it a legitimate option for combining the best of streaming with the breadth of content that traditional cable TV offers.
Best Original Programming: Netflix
Price: $8 per month Standard Definition – Single Screen, $11 per month High Definition – Two Screens, $14 per month 4K Ultra High Definition video – four screens
Netflix is the king of streaming, but their philosophy for content has changed as of late. Previously offering a huge amount of shows and movies from different providers, their strategy has gradually shifted more towards producing original content. While some bemoan their favorite shows leaving the service as networks begin to charge more and more for distribution rights, there's no doubt about it: Netflix produces some seriously high quality shows.
From superheroes to prison drama, there's something for everyone in Netflix's rapidly expanding selection of original shows. Recent hits like “Stranger Things” have greatly increased subscribers, adding more and more profit to Netflix's already gigantic revenue. From “Orange is the New Black” to “The Crown,” Netflix is producing a huge amount of original content, and that content alone is worth the price.
Best For Traditional-Style Cable Packages: PlayStation Vue
Price: $40 – $75 per month, depending on package
Some people really enjoy the style of Cable TV, but desire more choice and more flexible options for viewing their favorite content. The selection of channels from PlayStation Vue ranges from 40 on the low end, to 90 channels with their more premium plans.
Prices of Vue are generally less expensive than traditional cable, and their channel lineup has very little filler. While you'll get fewer channels than a high-end TV package, it will cost less, and the channels you do get will be worth the money.
Best For Movies: Showtime
Price: $11 per month
If quality is your main concern, services like Showtime and HBO are your best bet. Showtime has an advantage over HBO, however, in that it's slightly less expensive. While each channel offers their own shows (You won't get Game of Thrones on Showtime), the production quality of the shows on both options is largely the same.
Another aspect that sets Showtime apart from HBO is the large amount of movies in their content library. For an affordable monthly fee of just over $10 a month, you'll have access to shows such as “Billions,” “Homeland,” and “The Affair,” as well as their huge library of premium movies. It's more than worth the cost, in our opinion.
Looking Forward: Cord Cutting is the Future
It's plain to see that there are a huge amount of options available outside of traditional Cable. It's never been easier to cut the cord — and there are even a variety of services that offer a hybrid of Cable TV and streaming. Even if you subscribe to several of these services, your bill will likely still be far lower than even a basic TV package.
At the end of the day, people are moving more and more towards streaming, and these options likely only represent the beginning of a future where customers get more for less by moving their TV online.
Long story short: if you're struggling with the bill on cable TV, streaming services are even cheaper than the satellite TV alternatives like DirecTV and Dish. Serious TV watchers are usually still better off with a full-featured cable or satellite plan, but “the rest of us” can usually get by just fine on one of the minimalist services listed above.
They have also revealed that the space internet project will operate out of SpaceX's new Seattle office, starting with 60 employees who will also be working on the Falcon rockets and Dragon capsules. Musk said it will take them more than five years cost them a whopping $10 billion to build the satellites for the project. But the amount isn't an issue, as SpaceX sees it "as a long-term revenue source for SpaceX to be able to fund a city on Mars." Of course, that depends on whether the flourishing private space company (or anyone else, really) manages to shuttle people to the red planet and build a colony.
Another company called OneWeb announced a similar project earlier this week, headed by Greg Wyler, who was reported to be in talks with SpaceX for a joint venture last year. In the end, Wyler and Musk had a "fundamental disagreement about the architecture" of the technology, and Wyler secured funding from Richard Branson's Virgin Group instead.
After loads of tiny 3D animals dominating the Kurlikins blog, I thought it was time to take 3D Paper Quilling in a totally new direction.
Even if you're not a fan of, or familiar with the South Park TV show- the characters of Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny have shapes that lend themselves perfectly to 3D Quilling.
I wanted to give a sense of 'character' with these guys, similar to how they are in the TV show. Stan and Kyle: the normal, everyday, good mates. Cartman: the loud, obnoxious, obese kid, and of course, Kenny: the one who would die or be horribly injured in almost every episode.
Getting the proportions right and fitting their hats snugly on their heads presented the most difficulties. Once that was done, it was just a matter of filling in the details.
Stan, Kyle and Kenny are around 4cm (1.6in) tall, while Cartman is a little taller at 5.5cm (2.2in) tall- simply because they are a lot fatter.
A mixture of 3mm and 6mm strips were used. The 6mm strips were used mostly to form their bodies.
Are you a fan of the South Park TV Show? If so, who is your favorite character?
REUTERS - The only way into rebel-held parts of Aleppo was cut on Thursday by a Syrian government advance that put the road within firing range, two rebel sources and a group monitoring the conflict said, in effect putting some 250,000 people living there under siege.
Rebel groups were waging a fierce battle to retake the areas captured overnight near the Castello Road, the rebels said.
"Currently nobody can get in or out of Aleppo," Zakaria Malahifji of the Aleppo-based rebel group Fastaqim told Reuters.
The advance by pro-government forces in the al-Malah Farms area northwest of Aleppo brought them to within 1 km of the Castello road, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
Heavy aerial and artillery bombardment had at times made the Castello Road impassable in recent weeks, but Thursday's advance makes it even easier for government forces to hit, effectively cutting off the opposition-held sector of the divided city.
"(The road) was not risk-free, but now there is not a matter of danger, now the road is cut," Malahifji said.
A second rebel official with fighters in the area said: "All the factions sent reinforcements and are trying to take back the positions taken by the regime, but the situation is very bad, there was heavy regime air cover in the night."
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The Observatory estimates that between 250,000 and 300,000 people live in opposition-held parts of Aleppo. The Syrian army had on Wednesday announced a countrywide, 72-hour truce.
Hi, I think this blog is absolutely incredible and am so pleased that it exists! Just as an addition - in the 4th episode of Sabrina there is a scene involving hangings which is extremely triggering. Haunting of Hill House - episode 5 has a very graphic hanging scene also. Keep up the positive and amazing work!
Anonymous asked: Hi, I think this blog is absolutely incredible and am so pleased that it exists! Just as an addition - in the 4th episode of Sabrina there is a scene involving hangings which is extremely triggering. Haunting of Hill House - episode 5 has a very graphic hanging scene also. Keep up the positive and amazing work!
I just want to let you know there was another scene in “The First Purge that you missed. It was the part where the female protagonist was standing on the grate outside and someone lured them in using a baby crying then proceeded to touch them
Anonymous asked: I just want to let you know there was another scene in “The First Purge that you missed. It was the part where the female protagonist was standing on the grate outside and someone lured them in using a baby crying then proceeded to touch them
thiscouldbetriggering:
A monthly reminder that you can support this blog on Patreon for as low as $1 a month! It is absolutely not required to use this service, but it does significantly increase my ability to keep this blog active. Please consider pledging and/or spreading the word if you think this site is a valuable service. :) (Read more about how subscribing benefits the blog here.) You can also make a one-time donation through PayPal.
If you've noticed this blog has gotten less active again…most of my free time is being used job searching atm, and being un(der)employed is already a stressor enough, so I've had to dedicate less time and energy to the running of this blog in the meantime. I feel terrible when I get requests and have to leave them sitting in my inbox, but please keep in mind that looking up and reading through various Parent's Guides and synopses, and then typing up/formatting posts can wind up eating my time a lot faster than you'd think. (And thanks so much to everyone who's been understanding of that. <3 <3 <3 )
That said, I'm still dedicated to expanding the database as much and as often as possible, and you can continue to support this blog by submitting posts, liking the Facebook page, and/or signing up as a Patreon for literally just $1/month (and you only get charged that dollar if I continue to post original content during that time period). If even 1% of this blog's followers chipped in a dollar a month, it would make a real difference in helping me produce regular updates. Please consider pitching in if you can, and feel free to signal boost this post to help spread the word!
Sarah Kendzior is a St. Louis, Mo.-based commentator who writes about politics, the economy and media.
Since 2015, Donald Trump has been running a dual campaign: a run for the presidency, and a promotion for their businesses, uniting both under the gleaming gold banner of TRUMP. They touted their financial success as a rationalization for their candidacy, and used their candidacy as an excuse to hawk their products – most notably during their "birther" press conference, a Trump hotel infomercial concluding with a few minutes of racist excuses and lies.
Trump has wavered on many policy issues, but never on their own glory. Trump as brand stood in where facts failed to materialize. "Believe me," Trump assured Americans, without giving them a reason. They offered no proof of even basic financial acumen like tax returns. Their lies and omissions did little to puncture their persona, which, buoyed by a complicit media, was presented as powerful and persuasive.
Story continues below advertisement
Related: Clinton-Trump debate: What you missed and what's next
Ibbitson: Trump as president? No reasonable voter could want that after the debate
Doyle: Trump defeated by the most basic rules of television
Last night, Hillary Clinton, the daughter of a drape maker, revealed the man behind the curtain. Combining the personal with the political, they hit Trump where it hurt – their brand, revealed to be as bankrupt as the businesses they bottomed out.
Before last night, Trump had never been confronted directly by an adversary for a sustained period of time. They had appeared before cheering crowds and chatted with sycophants, but dodged or banned any journalist who challenged him. Unlike, for example, Sarah Palin and Katie Couric in 2008, Trump never had an extended interview with an objective party. At the first presidential debate, it was painfully evident why.
Clinton's brand-destroying strategy emerged early on, when the two candidates were asked about the economy. As Trump lied that they were given a "very small amount" by their father – in reality, it was millions – Clinton noted not only their wealth but their reluctance to spread it. They ticked off a list of workers who they refused to pay, adding that they were grateful that their father was not among them.
Trump's attempt to present themselves as someone who understood American economic pain crumbled when they were outed as a man who caused it. Clinton debunked not only Trump's origin story, but the ethics of their business practices and, in turn, the ethics of their candidacy. They never recovered.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Trump not only failed to deny that they fleeced workers; they implied they deserved it. When the issue of their tax returns was raised, Trump lied about why they couldn't release them, citing an audit – which does not prohibit release – and stating that not paying taxes "makes me smart" and is "good business."
Clinton gave names to these unethical practices: "the Trump loophole" and "Trumped up, trickle-down economics." Trump, who has spent their campaign devising nicknames for rivals, faltered when their own beloved name was cast in a disparaging light. Lauded by some for their potential to shake things up, Trump was now inextricably tied with shaking people down.
In a classic use of projection, Trump went on to accuse numerous foreign parties, including NATO members, of not paying their share – a claim which fell flat not only because Trump freely admitted they refused to pay their own share, but because their answers revealed their bizarre views of geopolitics.
When asked about Russia, Trump avoided the question. When pressed on ISIS, they gave baffling responses, including a claim that Clinton, 68, had been fighting ISIS their entire adult life – that is, decades before ISIS existed. Their responses on cybersecurity ranged from "The computer aspect of cyber is very, very tough" to speculating that America is under siege from "somebody sitting on their bed who weighs 400 pounds."
But it was the decimation of the Trump brand that seemed to bother them most. Trump complained at the end of the debate that Clinton had run "very mean" ads about them – neglecting to mention that these ads consist largely of Trump's own words. Clinton responded with yet another personal tale of a woman Trump had insulted and degraded. They forced them to see themselves as many others see him: as an abuser, a liar, and a failure.
In the end, Clinton was not Trump's greatest enemy. "I alone can fix it," Trump famously proclaimed at the GOP convention. Last night, Trump revealed they alone could destroy it, too.
MARK COLVIN: The prime minister of Singapore is suing a jobless blogger for defamation.
It's an old tactic in Singapore to silence dissent. But this time there's been an unexpected twist.*
Citizens have rallied publicly in support of the accused blogger, and donated more than $100,000 to help fight the case in the courts.
Peter Lloyd reports.
PETER LLOYD: Until a few years ago Roy Ngerng lived the quiet life in Singapore. They had a job in a public hospital, and relative anonymity.
That all changed when they started blogging about what they saw as injustice and unfairness in Singapore.
He's written about 400 articles.
But one in recent weeks crossed the invisible barrier in Singapore locals calls the 'OB' marker: out of bounds.
ROY NGERNG: I have written an article which discuses how the retirement funds in Singapore are being used to be invested.
PETER LLOYD: In Singapore they don't have superannuation. The compulsory state saving scheme is called the Central Provident Fund, CPF.
In their article, Roy Ngerng questioned the rate of return the government gives workers after investing their contributions.
ROY NGERNG: Currently the investment funds are earning 6.5 to 16 per cent. But for Singaporeans with retirement funds we are only earning 2.5 to 4 per cent.
So my argument is that if investment firms are earning such a high interest and Singaporeans are earning such low interest, then there must be some transparency and accountability as to how our retirement funds are being used.
PETER LLOYD: It sounds innocuous enough - a call for transparency, says Roy Ngerng.
But that's where the OB marker lies in wait.
The body that invests Singaporeans money for them has as its chairperson the prime minister.
So Lee Hsien Loong took personal offence at the call for more transparency. Their lawyer said the article accused the PM of 'criminal misappropriation'.
Roy Ngerng backed down fast. They removed the offending post, apologised, and offered Mr Lee $5000 in damages.
But the offer was dismissed as 'derisory'.
PETER LLOYD: Are you surprised that you were sued for defamation by prime minister Lee Hsien Loong?
ROY NGERNG: Well you know last year they came up with MDA licensing rule, where they say that if the government is not agreeable with any article that you put up, they will ask you to take it down or, and to pay a performance bond of fifty-thousand Singapore dollars. So I expected that at some point I will be subjected to that rule, to have to take it down. But to be sued is beyond my current expectations, I will say that I will be more disappointed than, I would rather the government engage citizens or the citizens who are asking them key questions on the retirement funds to actually let us see the transparency reports and to engage us in conversation and then we can then decide, based on the information that we know, we think that these are the solutions that should be done.
I think it's better that, instead of the government telling us and scaring us.
[Crowd cheer]
PETER LLOYD: But the scare this time may have been in the government's ranks.
Six thousand people turned up to support Roy Ngerng at this public rally.
And in what's probably an even greater second shock, many of those demonstrators have put money where their mouths are.
Via a crowd sourcing platform online, more than $100,000 has been raised to pay the legal bills for a fight with the prime minister in the courts. The first hearing is in July.
Roy Ngerng is settling in for a long battle.
ROY NGERNG: I think Singaporeans are frustrated that for a very long time, for more than the past 10, 20 years, we have been giving the feedback to the government on the CPF, the retirement funds and it has fallen on deaf ears. And the government hasn't responded as much as it should and the solutions that the people want have not been heard.
So I think they see this as an opportunity for them to be able to speak up, perhaps using me as a platform, but to be able to at least have their voice heard.
PETER LLOYD: That may be but Roy Ngerng is in the government's cross hairs. The state run hospital that employed them let them go last week. If there was any doubt that it was politically motivated the government itself provided the answer when the minister for health themselves made it their business to announce the sacking of a low level patient co-ordinator.
MARK COLVIN: Peter Lloyd.
*EDITOR'S NOTE (19 June 2014): This transcript has been amended after the original version incorrectly stated Roy Ngerng faced charges of criminal defamation and a possible jail term. Mr Ngerng in fact faces a civil lawsuit which does not carry the threat of imprisonment.
This is a plea to the Minecraft Community from myself and the Autism Community, whether you are with Mojang, or you create videos for Youtube, do live streams or just play on servers with other people, I beg you for just a moment of your time.
Recent studies show that children with autism are 4 times more likely to be bullied than anyone else. And although research can't ever rate such a thing, I can assure you that the severity of the bullying is far worse as well. These studies are done in schools and playgrounds. But if I were to guess, I'd imagine these numbers to be far, far worse in the Minecraft Community.
I started my server for children with autism less than 9 months ago and in that time, I watched our whitelist skyrocket to over 3600 people. Each of them with the same story… they were bullied on every server they went to.
Just last night, a new player said ‘this is the only server i have found without being judged for being “different”‘.
This is just not ok.
I am a grown man with 2 children of my own. I can't remember the last time I cried. Maybe when I was 6? But I can honestly tell you, with no shame, that I couldn't help but cry last night as I had received the 2nd email in less than a week as 2 separate children were reaching out to me because they had a knife in their hand and they were done. They're hurting themselves, their parents can't help them, they're bullied and beaten every single day, they have no friends and they can't take it anymore. They seek solice with the game they love but on every server they try, they find more of the same. They're griefed repeatedly, killed constantly and people say the absolute worst, most hurtful things they can say to them. Sometimes it's even from the server admins.
Each of their messages to me finish the same… “I feel like you're the only one I can talk to AF”.
Something in me broke. I couldn't hold it back anymore. It really hurt and I cried.
If I was to average it out, I'd say that I've received a message from a different child at least once every week since starting the server 9 months ago. Just 1 child, emailing a server owner, reaching out because they can't take the abuse anymore, is too many. But once a week for 9 months?
It shouldn't be like this. We have to do better.
So on April 2nd, Autism Awareness Day, I'm asking… no, I'm begging, the Minecraft Community to stand up with the Autism Community and declare that it's time to put an end to bullying. Bullying of autistics, bullying of anyone that's different and bullying in general.
Proclaim it in your livestreams, in your videos, in your blogs, press releases and even on the servers that you go to that bullying is wrong.
And if you see someone being bullied, speak up. Don't be afraid. You tell them that bullying doesn't belong here and it's not going to be tolerated anymore.
Please, I can't do this on my own anymore. I will always be here for these kids when they need me but they shouldn't have to need me. They shouldn't have to come to my server to find someplace safe to play. They shouldn't have to feel so scared.
The Minecraft community is incredible. I know it, I've seen it. I love being a part of it. But we can do better.
Please, as the owner of a server that I wish had never been successful in the first place, that I wish had never been needed to be created in the first place, as a fellow Minecraft player, as a father, as an autistic myself, as the father of an autistic child and as a friend… please help me.
If just one person is bullied just one time less than they would have been before, sure, it might not change the world but it's a start. It means everything.
Please help. On April 2nd, let's do better.
On Autism Awareness Day, let's do more than just raise awareness.
Stuart Duncan (aka AutismFather)
Owner of Autcraft
An eldritch tome of unholy secrets written by an insane medieval prophet has been launched to sweep the Conservatives into government this morning.
The grimoire, attractively bound in a bright blue leather of unknown provenance, was launched at a press conference by the Prime Minister and several capering imps.
The Codex is titled ‘Klaatu Barada Nicto', which senior members of government assured us is simply an old, very old, way of saying ‘Strong and Stable'.
Political reporters say that the manifesto has obviously been heavily workshopped by focus groups to attract middle England, people concerned about the outcome of Brexit negotiations, and howling servitors of the outer gods.
Key policy pledges include increased workers rights, a cut to migration, and a free vote on Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn.
Reaction to the codex has been mixed, with early reports saying that it gives an unholy shriek when touched by human hands.
However, although the economic policies have been twisted through blasphemous geometries and torn a hole in the universe, they still make more sense than anything Diane Abbott and John McDonnell have come up with.
“Some policies are undoubtedly going to be controversial”, we were told, “Placing the NHS under the direct control of Nyarlothotep could be interpreted as taking market forces too far, for example.
“Although more than seventy percent of nurses think he'd be better at the job than Jeremy Hunt.”
Salvador Dalí Persistence of Memory: Meaning of the Melting Clocks
by K Shabi
A surrealist painter, the Spanish Salvador Dalí is one of the most enigmatic artists of the twentieth century. Known for their weird and outlandish subject matter, Dali's most famous work of art is probably The Persistence of Memory (1931), often called just "Clocks" and widely regarded as a Surrealist masterpiece. But what is the meaning behind Salvador Dalí's painting The Persistence of Memory? What do all of those melted clocks mean?
Salvador Dalí & the Surrealists
The meaning behind Surrealist Salvador Dalí's artistic masterpiece The Persistence of Memory (1931) is not easy to grasp. In the painting, four clocks are prominently on display in an otherwise empty desert scene. While this might seem uncanny enough, the clocks are not flat as you might expect them to be, but are bent out of shape, appearing to be in the act of melting away. In classic Surrealist manner, this weird and unexpected juxtaposition poses a lot of questions right upfront. First off, why are these clocks melting? Why are the clocks out in the desert? Where are all the people?
Since the subject matter and content of the Salvador Dalí's clocks painting seems illogical or irrational, one might be surprised by the very representational and nearly photographic quality of the painting, fitting well with Dali's own description of their art as being "hand-painted dream photographs." The concept of the "dream" is integral in understanding Surrealism and plays a key role in the meaning of The Persistence of Memory, as well.
Surrealist Art and the Importance of the Dream State
Coming up with the best visual representation of what it is like to be dreaming was one of the main goals of the Surrealists. In the beginning, Surrealism might seem a little crazy, but we've all had dreams where unrelated people, places, or objects come together in completely inexplicable ways. Understanding that Persistence of Memory most likely depicts a dream state is the first part of coming up with a meaning for this painting.
Salvador Dalí Clocks Meaning in a Dream
If Persistence of Memory depicts a dream state, the melting and distorted clocks symbolize the erratic passage of time that we experience while dreaming. Have you ever woken up and expected it to be still the middle of the night and are surprised to find that it is already morning? While we often are prettying good and keeping track of what time it is while we go about our days, keeping time while we are asleep is another story. There are many different ways to interpret the meaning of Persistence of Memory. If we look at the art through the perspective of a dream state, the distorted clocks don't have any power in the dream world and are melting away because of that.
In Persistence of Memory Salvador Dalí illustrates how useless, irrelevant, and arbitrary our normal concept of time is inside the dream state. During our daily lives, we're always rushed and busy, trying to get all of our work done on time. Many art scholars debate over whether these timepieces are clocks or in fact pocket watches, very popular accessories in the 1920s and 30s, when the Surrealists worked. The Surrealists laughed at most things middle-class society takes seriously, and that includes the importance we place on things like pocket watches that mark passage of time.
Salvador Dalí Soft Clocks Meaning, Einstein & Relativity
Some art scholars believe that Dali's melting clocks may symbolize Albert Einstein's groundbreaking Theory of Relativity, a new and revolutionary idea back in the culture of the 1930s. Through the theory of relativity, Einstein proposed a new concept of time as being relative and complex--not something fixed and easily tracked with as crude a gadget as a pocket watch. In Persistence of Memory, Salvador Dalí shows the clocks melting away and thus losing their power and stability over the world around them. Through their melting clocks, Salvador Dalí might be saying that simple machines like wall clocks and pocket watches are primitive, old-fashioned and even impotent in a post-Einstein world.
Surrealism and Humor: Persistence of Memory Meaning
The dream state is very important in Surrealism, but jokes, humor, sarcasm and wordplay are also central to Surrealist art. Salvador Dalí uses sarcasm in the title of the clocks painting, Persistence of Memory to add a darker meaning to the painting. as we've discussed, the clocks are losing their power in this dream world. They are literally melting away, and thus seem anything but "persistent" in Dali's depiction. Likewise, the ants eating away the face of the red clock also symbolizes the decaying and therefore impermanent nature of our arbitrary way of keeping time.
Autobiographical Meaning of Persistence of Memory
The desolate landscape where the clocks melt is also barren and infertile. Some art scholars notice the resemblance that this and other Salvador Dalí landscapes have to their own beachfront hometown of Port Lligat. The possibly autobiographical meaning of the painting's title Persistence of Memory could very well refer to Dali's own memory of their own childhood surroundings. An autobiographical reading could account for the abandoned and uninhabited quality of the landscape in the painting, not visited since Dali's childhood. One watch hangs on a tree branch like laundry left out on the line to dry; the branch is not flowering or covered in leaves and green, but is sapped and dried out. Dali painted The Persistence of Memory at the age of twenty-seven years old. If we are looking for the autobiographical meaning of Persistence of Memory, the clocks might be representative of their adolescence and are fading or melting away because Dali cannot remember them accurately now that so much time has passed.
Salvador Dalí Persistence of Memory Meaning: Salvador Dalí's Melting Clocks
The Persistence of Memory is perhaps the most famous Dali painting, with its iconic "melting clocks" becoming the icon of Surrealism and one of the most recognizable pieces of art of the twentieth century. While we cannot know for certain the true meaning, interpretation or analysis that Dali themselves intended for their painting, it is likely that Dali themselves recognized and developed the different shades of historical, artistic, social and autobiographical meaning encrypted into their artwork. The real meaning of Persistence of Memory is most likely some combination of them all.
Image credit: Salvador DalÃ­. (Spanish, 1904-1989). The Persistence of Memory. 1931. Oil on canvas, 9 1/2 x 13" (24.1 x 33 cm). Â© Salvador DalÃ­, Gala-Salvador DalÃ­ Foundation/Artists Rights Society (ARS), New York. Photograph taken in 2004.
alang
Diglot
Senior Member
Canada
Joined 5124 days ago
563 posts - 757 votes
Speaks: English*, Spanish
Message 1 of 23 05 January 2015 at 11:42pm | IP Logged
I just went on their website to see what is in store for 2015 and there is no site up at all.
There were two emails sent to orders and contact, both came back as delivery notification
failure. I called the phone number, but all it does is ring, with nobody answering.
I am wondering if anyone else experienced this and if there is any information, as I was
interested in purchasing some of their products.
1 person has voted this message useful
daristani
Senior Member
United States
Joined 5047 days ago
738 posts - 1635 votes
Studies: Uzbek
Message 2 of 23 06 January 2015 at 1:36am | IP Logged
I noted about a month ago that, on their website, there was a notification asking people to contact them if they hadn't received orders, which I thought at first just meant they were having some shipping problems. But the entire website has been down for a couple of weeks now, and I've started to wonder whether they might be going out of business.
I've ordered a fair number of things from them over the years, and I always found their website a pain to order from; I usually had to send in my orders and payment information by e-mail. So while I'd like to be hopeful that they're just reworking their website, and will be back before too long, I'm starting to conclude that they may be finished. (If so, I would assume that they would probably sell off their existing inventory, and thus that the books might eventually show up on the market somewhere.)
1 person has voted this message useful
I don't want to be known as a vulture or scavenger but I'd have no compunction picking up the Turkmen books and CDs or the reference manual of BCMS/SC at fire-sale prices if indeed Dunwoody is checking out.
1 person has voted this message useful
alang
Diglot
Senior Member
Canada
Joined 5124 days ago
563 posts - 757 votes
Speaks: English*, Spanish
Message 4 of 23 06 January 2015 at 2:03am | IP Logged
It is unfortunate if that is the case, since they had resources for rare languages.
2 persons have voted this message useful
Juаn
Senior Member
Colombia
Joined 3248 days ago
727 posts - 1830 votes
Speaks: Spanish*
Message 5 of 23 06 January 2015 at 3:35am | IP Logged
If true, this is the saddest news I have heard in a very long time. The materials Dunwoody Press publishes are simply irreplaceable. It would be an immeasurable tragedy if they were no longer to be available.
Let's hope they are simply renovating their website.
1 person has voted this message useful
That is really disappointing news, but actually comes as no surprise to me. I tried to order the Hindi Newspaper Reader last summer, and had nothing but trouble. I couldn't actually order from the website, and the person I finally got speaking to asked me to email them my credit card details.
They never sold their items directly through Amazon, which was a big mistake. They might have survived this if their own website worked well, but they just couldn't get it going. If they have gone under, it's because they just didn't bother to adapt to the 21st century.
Another example of how slow they have been to adapt is the fact that the Hindi Newspaper Reader was only available with cassettes until around 2010. Charming but useless?
1 person has voted this message useful
alang
Diglot
Senior Member
Canada
Joined 5124 days ago
563 posts - 757 votes
Speaks: English*, Spanish
Message 7 of 23 07 January 2015 at 5:09pm | IP Logged
I contacted someone who emailed Dunwoody Press and they are
able to get a reply from a person who worked there. It was a short response, that the company
still cannot process any orders until further notice. It did not look very good. Hopefully
Dunwoody Press will be back up, as their materials are like what Juan wrote, "irreplaceable"
It is hard enough to find high quality resources for popular languages. Imagine scarce great
material for rare languages, is going to be more difficult. I did find their readers with
native speakers excellent.
Edited by alang on 07 January 2015 at 6:23pm
1 person has voted this message useful
Pin Reddit 10 44 Shares
Earlier on this site, we made the following announcement, “According to an IRS bulletin, about 50 million taxpayers will face an income tax filing delay this year. If you itemize your tax deductions, then you will have to wait until mid to late February in order to file your tax return.”
Now the IRS has released another news bulletin giving us the exact date when the tax filing delay will end.
When Will The Tax Filing Delay End?
According to the announcement:
The Internal Revenue Service plans a Feb. 14 start date for processing tax returns delayed by last month's tax law changes. The IRS reminded taxpayers affected by the delay they can begin preparing their tax returns immediately because many software providers are ready now to accept these returns.
Who is Affected By The Tax Filing Delay?
Those who need to wait to file include:
Taxpayers Claiming Itemized Deductions on Schedule A. Itemized deductions include mortgage interest, charitable deductions, medical and dental expenses as well as state and local taxes. In addition, itemized deductions include the state and local general sales tax deduction that was also extended and which primarily benefits people living in areas without state and local income taxes. Because of late Congressional action to enact tax law changes, anyone who itemizes and files a Schedule A will need to wait to file until mid- to late February. Taxpayers Claiming the Higher Education Tuition and Fees Deduction. This deduction for parents and students – covering up to $4,000 of tuition and fees paid to a post-secondary institution – is claimed on Form 8917. However, the IRS emphasized that there will be no delays for millions of parents and students who claim other education credits, including the American Opportunity Tax Credit extended last month and the Lifetime Learning Credit. Taxpayers Claiming the Educator Expense Deduction. This deduction is for kindergarten through grade 12 educators with out-of-pocket classroom expenses of up to $250. The educator expense deduction is claimed on Form 1040, Line 23 and Form 1040A, Line 16.
So if you itemize your taxes using Schedule A, or claim any of the credits listed above, then you are subject to the tax filing delay.
I'm Subject To The Tax Filing Delay, What Are My Options?
If you are one of the 50 million taxpayers who have to wait until February 14 in order to file your 2010 return, you do have a few options. According to the IRS:
People using e-file for these delayed forms can get a head start because many major software providers have announced they will accept these impacted returns immediately. The software providers will hold onto the returns and then electronically submit them after the IRS systems open on Feb. 14 for the delayed forms. Taxpayers using commercial software can check with their providers for specific instructions. Those who use a paid tax preparer should check with their preparer, who also may be holding returns until the updates are complete.
I included this information regarding TurboTax when I first wrote about the income tax filing delay, but it bears repeating:
For instance, TurboTax announced in a recent blog post, that they will allow you to file your returns beginning on January 6th:
Even if you are claiming one of these deductions, don't wait to start your return. TurboTax products are already up-to-date with all the latest forms and schedules. You can prepare your return with TurboTax and electronically file it beginning on Jan. 6. TurboTax will securely hold your return until the IRS begins accepting returns impacted by the processing delays. TurboTax will send you an email confirmation that your return has been e-filed and accepted by the IRS.
The bad news is that even if you are able to file early, the IRS will not begin accepting returns until all of their systems are updated!
I have used TurboTax and other Intuit products in the past, and I have no problem recommending them. Of course, if you are looking for professional tax preparation, then contact us to schedule an appointment.
Also, if you are typically a procrastinator when it comes to filing taxes, then you'll be happy to know that the tax filing deadline has been extended this year.
Since it's never good to do financial planning at the last minute, take a look at the IRA contribution limits, 401k contribution limits, and the income tax rates for 2011.
photo by klynslis
This article was featured in the following carnivals:
Carnival of Wealth #25 – Valentines Edition
Tax Carnival #81: We ♥ Heart ♥ Taxes
To Keep Up To Date With The Latest Tax News And Regulations, Subscribe to our feed, or Sign Up For Our Email Updates:
Admittedly, I wasn't a fan of Leffen. Their coarse behavior on Smashboards was childish in my book. I was fully supportive of Evidence.zip, even though I didn't say a word to them in person. They initiated the “pause rule” to help eliminate my two norcal friends from doubles (In hindsight, I realized that Leffen was correct in doing so). Needless to say, I didn't have a good first impression of him. For some reason, their irrational confidence intrigued me, so I always kept track of their progress, mainly so I could make fun of them if they lost. They were an easy target to make fun of and paint as a villain in 2009.
I also had a fairly low view of Europe in general at the time (which would later change drastically). Europeans touted strong fundamental play and tech skill that exceeded the standards seen in America, yet they all under-performed at Apex 2012 with the exception of Armada. Ice narrowly made it out of pools due to a strange 3-way tie in round 2 pools (PS: never do 4 man pools for a nationals). Amsah finished 33rd. Ravenlord finished 49th. Hack didn't even make it out of pools. The disappointing performances made Leffen's top 5 finishes in Europe inconsequential in my mind. Although Leffen was much better than me in a short stretch, I wrote them off as a passing fad of a player.
It wasn't until Evo 2013 that I was able to spend some extended time with Leffen. A week prior to Evo, Leffen was in town, competing in a FGC tournament on the weekend. Looking for competition, Leffen wanted to play with Mango, who lived nearby. Not wanting to entertain him, Mango decided to dump Leffen to me in a Facebook conversation so I obliged and had them over for a night to play Smash. They came over and I was very surprised by their rather mellow demeanor. Not much with words, Leffen mostly remained silent as we played for hours. He'd laugh as I said some stupid things and respond to questions I had about the European scene, but it was hardly what I expected from their internet persona. Leffen had a very strange Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde vibe. I was still quick to dismiss them overall, but they were polite and cordial, so we naturally had as good a time as two strangers could.
Regardless of what I thought of Leffen as a person, they were destroying me in almost every match. Every up-throw made me fearful of landing as they were able to land u-air after u-air on my Sheik on Dreamland and Final Destination. If I landed (or died and had a fresh stock), I was confronted with endless lasers, and, later, nairs if I went too close. It was a perfect blend of aggression and defensive play that had me flustered as I was losing to pure fundamentals that reminded me of a prime JMan in 2008. To boast on my behalf, I was able to take a small handful of matches on Yoshi's and Fountain of Dreams, but the overall score was something along the lines of 50-60ish wins for Leffen and 4 wins for me; I'm sure they got bored somewhere down the line, though they never made it known.
It was an interesting moment and they became likable in a strange way. Whereas everyone has become more “e-sports” and politically correct, Leffen embraced brashness, not for the sake of being “edgey”, but more-so being honest about how they felt about things even if it was controversial. Yet, this was refreshing as I always knew where they stood. He's toned down their personal attacks against other smashers (which was one of the primary reasons why they were banned in the first place), but not to the point in which their answers seem fabricated – the same fabrication that is all too common among sports stars and figureheads. In our modern smash era, he's become the voice that frequently articulates what everyone else is thinking, but is too afraid to say.
When we approach young kids, we often tell them to dream big… to become the best… to make a difference in some great way. For some reason in adulthood, we laugh at people who make big claims, deeming them to be childish and unrealistic. Yet, isn't Leffen's confidence what we really want in a player though at the end of the day? I'm not sure when it became a turnoff for a player to aspire to become the best. Instead, we value this strange sense of false humility, which oozes fake-ness. Do you really think Armada wants to settle for “simply playing their best”? Or Mango? Or Hbox? These players are competitors and they can't stand losing.
On the flip side, we've seen countless players who make lofty claims and expectations, but don't put in the work to obtain desirable results. To a certain extent, it's understandable as to why people would laugh at these type of goals. How often do we see a new player at a local tournament claim to be the best, but fail miserably? Or tell everyone that they will become the best, but still bask in mediocrity, year after year? If anything, Leffen embodies what it means to set a high goal and put in the effort to achieve it.
Over the past couple of years, he's risen from a perennial top 32 performers to an explosive top 10 competitor. With their fantastic performances in 2014, it would be silly not to include them in the top 6. They most certainly deserved it with their overall great performances that put them in the middle of the pack of the 5 gods. Although it's early to make claims for whom the best is in 2015, Leffen has a head start with their impressive 4-1 record* against the gods in 2015–as well as taking 1st place at Europe's biggest tournament to date: BEAST V. They still have some things to prove to everyone (Can they handle Marth?), but it'll be exciting to see how they end up performing at Apex and for the rest of 2015.
* Was 3-0, but changed to reflect updates after Paragon
The dang media is at it again, folks.
After Alabama beat Texas A&M 27-19 on Saturday night to improve to 6-0 on the season, Nick Saban wasn't happy. This doesn't come as a surprise considering Saban isn't pleased after their team wins by 50 points, so when it only wins by eight, you're going to have one angry coach.
So why did Saban's team only win by eight points? That dang ol' media blowing smoke up its butt again. Or in this case, poisoning their team.
"We just didn't play as well tonight, and you have to give them a lot of credit for it," said Saban when asked about some three-and-outs from their offense in the first quarter. "I'm trying to get our players to listen to me instead of listening to you guys. All that stuff you write about how good we are, all that stuff they hear on ESPN, it's like poison. It's like taking poison.
"Like rat poison."
Oh, those sociopaths in the media are up to their old tricks! They're just poisoning Saban's team with compliments, not giving a damn about the consequences! Those players might feel good about themselves!
My God, mom might put up an article about their baby boy on the fridge. Can you even imagine?
As a member of the murderous media, I can't help but feel partially responsible, so I make this plea to you my fellow media members.
Stop saying good things about Alabama. Stop ranking them so highly on your ballots. Don't hype it up and help it get that playoff spot that Saban definitely doesn't want because it might make their players too confident.
We have to stop. If we don't, we might kill the Tide.
As a result of the attack, a departmental employee and one of the visitors perished. The attacker was also killed.⁠
The unknown opened fire at the reception office of the Federal Security Service (FSB) in Khabarovsk.
The incident occurred at about 5:00 pm (10:00 Moscow time) on Volochaevskaya Street. An unknown person entered the reception department and, without crossing the established technical control zone, started shooting at the people who were in the waiting room. As a result of the attack, according to the Center for Public Relations of the Federal Security Service, a member of the agency and a visitor, a citizen of one of the CIS countries, died; another visitor was injured. The assailant was killed.
Other details of the incident, including information about the identity of the attacker and their alleged motives, have not yet been reported.
It should be noted that the 5 Channel and RenTV reported that an explosion occurred near the FSB building in Khabarovsk. Sources of the media claimed that the explosive power is 200-300 grams in TNT equivalent. However, this information was not confirmed by the authorities.
The regional edition of DVhab.ru reports that around the building, where the FSB department is located, a cordon is on display, public transportation routes have been changed in the vicinity of the incident, mobile communications are muffled. Law enforcement bodies search cars parked next to the building.
Copyright by KLFY - All rights reserved
The Associated Press - CenturyLink, the largest public company headquartered in Louisiana, is eliminating 1,000 jobs company wide.
The Times reports the company had not released a list as of Friday of the communities or states where the layoffs will occur.
CenturyLink employs about 2,700 workers in Louisiana with about 2,500 of them at the corporate headquarters in Monroe. The company has a local annual payroll exceeding $120 million.
The company employs 44,000 globally.
CenturyLink's layoffs come on the heels of a disappointing second quarter earnings report announced Wednesday that fell below company and analysts' expectations.
During the second quarter, CenturyLink made $143 million, or 26 cents per share, on operating revenue of $4.4 billion. Last year, the company reported net income of $193 million, or 34 cents per share, on revenue of $4.5 billion.
The Denver Broncos welcomed T.J. Ward back to the active roster earlier this week, and now Darian Stewart got their first practice in since injuring their hamstring. The safety position has been much maligned in recent weeks as David Bruton Jr. was just sent to season-ending injured reserve earlier this week. Having both starters looking like they will be ready for Monday Night Football is definitely a huge relief.
"It felt good, man," Stewart said. "I think my confidence is there, and I'll be ready to go."
Gary Kubiak also noted that Ward looked good in today's practice, so the Broncos defense could be nearly full strength for the first time since the New England Patriots game when both Ward and Sylvester Williams were knocked out on the same play.
The Cincinnati Bengals confirmed that Tyler Eifert will not play this week, pairing them with Andy Dalton has two big time starters who will be sidelined in this critical matchup that has major AFC playoff implications. The Bengals will need to get the job done with AJ McCarron and their rushing attack.
Here is the final Week 16 injury report.
Denver Broncos
Cincinnati Bengals
Image copyright Reuters Image caption German MPs frequently applauded Ms Merkel's points about Brexit
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says some British people have "illusions" about discussing the UK's future ties with the EU at the same time as nailing down the UK's Brexit terms.
An EU-UK deal can only be discussed once the exit issues - such as UK payments to the EU budget - are resolved, Mrs Merkel told German MPs.
The UK initiated the formal procedure to leave the EU on 29 March.
It sets a two-year deadline for completion of the exit negotiations.
EU leaders are to meet on Saturday to adopt their joint negotiating position on Brexit. They are working on the basis of draft guidelines issued on 31 March.
Official talks will not begin until after the UK general election on 8 June.
UK Prime Minister Theresa May called the early election, saying they needed to strengthen their hand in Brexit negotiations.
The EU wants the terms of the UK's exit to be decided before any discussion of a future trade relationship, while Mrs May wants the two issues to be dealt with simultaneously.
The German chancellor told German MPs it would be "a waste of time" to maintain illusions that the two sets of negotiations could be held simultaneously.
EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom said the EU would "for sure" reach a free trade deal with the UK after Brexit.
But Mrs Merkel warned that it would be a different relationship, saying: "A third country - which is what the UK will be - cannot and will not have the same rights as an EU member state.
"All 27 EU countries and the EU institutions agree about that," they told the Bundestag, Germany's lower house of parliament.
Tough all along: Analysis by Jenny Hill, BBC News, Berlin
Angela Merkel's priorities are clear: to preserve the integrity of the EU and to secure the rights of its citizens living in the UK.
Them speech today may have sounded tough. In truth they are simply repeating what she's said all along: Britain cannot expect to cherry-pick in these negotiations. EU unity matters here, so she's sticking - more or less - to the Brussels script.
Germany is likely to take a moderately softer stance than, say, France. Sources here indicate there might be, for example, some wriggle room over the figure of the Brexit bill. There is little appetite for a punitive approach - Germany, of course, has an eye to its economic relationship with Britain. Nevertheless even the business lobby here (including the head of the association of Germany's all powerful automotive industry) acknowledge that the EU's interests must come first.
It's also worth noting that Brexit is also not the central focus for Berlin. There is a degree of frustration among politicians who are already preoccupied - not only with other challenges facing Europe, including migration, terror, conflict - but with their own looming general election.
Mrs Merkel said the immediate Brexit priorities to decide on were the rights of EU citizens in the UK and Britons in continental Europe and Britain's ongoing financial obligations.
"We can only do an agreement on the future relationship with Britain when all questions about its exit have been cleared up satisfactorily," they said.
"The sooner the UK government is ready for constructive solutions, the sooner we can meet its wish to talk about the future relationship. But first we need to know how the UK government envisages that relationship. It can only be done in that sequence."
EU officials estimate that the UK faces a bill of €60bn (£51bn; $65bn) because of EU budget rules. UK politicians have said the government will not pay a sum of that size.
Mrs Merkel stressed the need to protect the interests of some 100,000 Germans living in the UK.
Image copyright AFP Image caption EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier (L) held talks with PM Theresa May on Wednesday
But they went on to say "we are also ready to make a fair offer to British citizens in Germany and the rest of Europe.
"They are an important part of our community and should remain so."
Mrs Merkel noted the difficulty of unpicking 44 years' worth of EU legislation that counts the UK as a member state.
The people who will negotiate Brexit
Experts have warned that it usually takes the EU many years to negotiate free trade deals with non-EU countries. The EU-Canada deal, Ceta, was concluded after eight years of talks.
Brexit timetable:
29 April - 27 EU leaders (excluding the UK) meet in Brussels to adopt Brexit negotiating guidelines
8 June - UK parliamentary election - Brexit talks to start soon after the vote
24 September - German parliamentary election, with Mrs Merkel seeking a fourth term
29 March 2019 - Deadline for ending talks on UK exit terms (any extension requires agreement of all member states)
May or June 2019 - European Parliament election (without UK)
A remarkable documentary which packages the events of the scandal into a cohesive story.
Unbelievable footage of employees reveals unbridled greed, lust for risk-taking, and guiltless cheating, all while thinking they could never be caught.
This searing examination of the Enron accounting scandal reveals the psychology of greed and corporate corruption that facilitated the company's rise to power and also its fall. When Enron went bankrupt in 2001, the principals walked away millionaires - but later faced legal proceedings and jail sentences. Meanwhile, many employees and investors were left with nothing, not even their retirement savings. Shedding light on the new economy of the 1990s when predictions and book-cooking flourished without actual profits, the film shows how it was not Enron alone but a network of bankers, traders, and accountants who turned a blind eye to the company's clearly suspicious numbers.
The 2016 NBA draft was held on June 23, 2016, at Barclays Center in Brooklyn. It was televised nationally in the U.S. by ESPN, and was live streamed for the first time in NBA draft history by The Vertical.[1][2] National Basketball Association (NBA) teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players, including international players. The draft lottery took place during the playoffs, on May 17, 2016. This was the first time since the lottery system was introduced in 1985 that all NBA teams that missed out on the playoffs remained in the exact spots they were designated, meaning the 10-win/72-loss Philadelphia 76ers received the No. 1 pick, the Los Angeles Lakers kept the No. 2 pick, the Boston Celtics via the Brooklyn Nets got the No. 3 pick, and everyone else stayed in their same spots based on the regular season standings from the 2015–16 season.
Highlights from the draft include the third Australian No. 1 draft pick (Ben Simmons; the first being Andrew Bogut and the second being Kyrie Irving), the first Austrian to be selected into the NBA (Jakob Pöltl), the first high school prospect to be taken in the first round since the 2005 NBA draft (Thon Maker), the first Ghanaian to be selected into the NBA (Ben Bentil), the most Frenchmen to be taken overall (Guerschon Yabusele, Timothe Luwawu-Cabarrot, David Michineau, Isaia Cordinier, Petr Cornelie), the first time since the 1990 NBA draft that an Egyptian has been selected into the NBA (Abdel Nader), and the first time that two Chinese players have been selected into the same draft (Zhou Qi and Wang Zhelin) since the 2007 NBA draft. This draft was also notable for providing the most international draft prospects in draft history, with 28 different players representing different countries instead of the United States of America. It beat out the 2004 NBA draft for the most culturally diverse draft in league history. It was the second time that three players were selected from Serbian team Mega Leks in the same draft (Timothé Luwawu-Cabarrot, Ivica Zubac, Rade Zagorac), the first time being the 2014 NBA draft.
Draft selections [ edit ]
+ Denotes player who has been selected for at least one All-Star Game # Denotes player who never appeared in an NBA regular season or playoff game ~ Denotes player who has been selected as Rookie of the Year
Notable undrafted players [ edit ]
These players were not selected in the 2016 NBA draft, but have appeared in at least one regular-season or playoff game in the NBA.
Eligibility and entrants [ edit ]
The draft is conducted under the eligibility rules established in the league's 2011 collective bargaining agreement (CBA) with its players union. The CBA that ended the 2011 lockout instituted no immediate changes to the draft, but called for a committee of owners and players to discuss future changes.
All drafted players must be at least 19 years old during the calendar year of the draft. In terms of dates, players, who are eligible for the 2016 draft, must be born on or before December 31, 1997.
On January 13, 2016, the NCAA Division I council approved a new rule for that division that significantly changed the draft landscape for college players: [35] Declaration for the draft no longer results in automatic loss of college eligibility. As long as a player does not sign a contract with a professional team outside the NBA, or sign with an agent, they will retain college eligibility as long as they make a timely withdrawal from the draft. NCAA players now have until 10 days after the end of the NBA Draft Combine to withdraw from the draft. For 2016, the withdrawal date was May 25, about five weeks after the previous mid-April deadline. NCAA players may participate in the draft combine, and will also be allowed to attend one tryout per year with each NBA team without losing college eligibility. NCAA players may now enter and withdraw from the draft multiple times without loss of eligibility. Previously, the NCAA treated a second declaration of draft eligibility as a permanent loss of college eligibility.
The NBA has since expanded the draft combine to include players with remaining college eligibility (who, like players without college eligibility, can only attend by invitation).[36]
Early entrants [ edit ]
Player who are not automatically eligible must declare their eligibility for the draft by notifying the NBA offices in writing no later than 60 days before the draft. For the 2016 draft, this date fell on April 24. After this date "early entry" players may attend NBA pre-draft camps and individual team workouts to show off their skills and obtain feedback regarding their draft positions. Under the CBA a player may withdraw their name from consideration from the draft at any time before the final declaration date, which is 10 days before the draft. Under newly implemented NCAA rules, players had until May 25 (10 days after the draft combine) to withdraw from the draft and retain college eligibility.
A player who has hired an agent will forfeit their remaining college eligibility regardless of whether they are drafted. The CBA allows a player to withdraw from the draft twice; the 2016 NCAA rule change brought it in line with the CBA on this detail.
College underclassmen [ edit ]
A record-high 162 under-classed draft prospects had declared themselves for eligibility at the April 24 deadline (116 of them being from college), although college players who had not hired agents or signed professional contracts outside the NBA were able to decide to return to college by May 25, 10 days after the end of the NBA Draft Combine.[37] At the end of the May 25 deadline, there were 57 players confirming their intentions of returning to school, thus leaving the grand total of underclassmen participating in the NBA draft as 59. Players listed in this region have publicly indicated that they have hired agents, planned to do so around this time, or made themselves their own agents; those who have hired agents and weren't drafted are deemed ineligible to return to NCAA basketball in 2016–17. However, with this year's draft class, it provided the most undrafted college underclassmen out there with 30 people there not being taken at all.[38]
International players [ edit ]
International players that had declared this year and didn't previously declare in another prior year can also drop out of the draft about 10 days before the draft begins on June 13. Initially, there were 46 players that expressed interest in entering the 2016 draft. However, at the end of June 13, there were 33 international prospects that, for one reason or another, declined entry to the 2016 NBA draft, leaving only 13 international candidates for the event.[39][40] That left the overall number of underclassmen entering the draft as 72.
Automatically eligible entrants [ edit ]
Players who do not meet the criteria for "international" players are automatically eligible if they meet any of the following criteria:[41]
They have completed four years of their college eligibility.
If they graduated from high school in the U.S., but did not enroll in a U.S. college or university, four years have passed since their high school class graduated.
They have signed a contract with a professional basketball team outside of the NBA, anywhere in the world, and have played under that contract.
Players who meet the criteria for "international" players are automatically eligible if they meet any of the following criteria:
They are least 22 years old during the calendar year of the draft. In terms of dates, players born on or before December 31, 1994 are automatically eligible for the 2016 draft. [42]
They have signed a contract with a professional basketball team outside of the NBA within the United States, and have played under that contract.[43]
Based on the eligibility rules, all college seniors who have completed their college eligibility and all "international" players who were born on or before December 31, 1994 are automatically eligible for the draft. However, there are other players who became automatically eligible even though they have not completed their four-year college eligibility.
Other automatically eligible players Player Team Note Ref. Orangeville A's (Canada) Left college in 2015, playing professionally since 2015–16 season [44] AEK Athens (Greece) Left college in 2015, playing professionally since 2015–16 season [45]
Combine [ edit ]
The invitation-only NBA Draft Combine was held in Chicago from May 10 to 15. The on-court element of the combine took place on May 12 and 13. This year, a total of 63 players entered the combine, with the only two alternates that had their invitations be accepted for the event being Jaron Blossomgame and Marcus Lee.[46] Furthermore, the only international player that got invited and accepted their invitation this year was Zhou Qi of the Xinjiang Flying Tigers.[47] Originally, Wayne Selden Jr. was to be a participant for the event, but they injured themselves before the combine officially began, thus making Sheldon McClellan from the Miami Hurricanes men's basketball team their replacement for on-court events.[48] Buddy Hield, the consensus national college player of the year for 2015–16, participated only in off-court events; their graduation ceremony at the University of Oklahoma conflicted with the on-court portion of the combine, and they chose to attend graduation.[49] A. J. Hammons also withdrew their name from the draft combine on the day of the on-court events.[50]
During the event, sophomore Kentucky and future Phoenix Suns point guard Tyler Ulis broke combine records by being the lightest player recorded in draft combine history at 149.2 pounds.[51] After the event, nine of the participants that were a part of the combine went back to their respective colleges.[citation needed] However, it was announced just days after the NBA Draft Combine was over that some of the events' measurements would be under review since some prospects were provided with rather questionable results, especially when compared to how they measured up in previous physical events.[52]
Draft lottery [ edit ]
The NBA conducts an annual lottery to determine the draft order for the teams did not make the playoffs in the preceding season. Every NBA team that missed the NBA playoffs had a chance at winning a top three pick, but teams with worse records had a better chance at winning a top three pick. After the lottery selected the teams that receive a top three pick the other teams receive an NBA draft pick based on their winning percentage from the prior season. As it is commonplace in the event of identical win-loss records, the NBA performed a random drawing to break the ties on April 15, 2016.[53] The table below shows each non-playoff team's chances (based on their record at the end of the NBA season) of receiving picks 1–14.
The 2016 NBA lottery was held on May 17. The Philadelphia 76ers, who had the worst record in the NBA and the highest chance to win the lottery at 26.9% (given the 25% chance to win outright and 1.9% chance that the Sacramento Kings, with whom the 76ers had previously traded for pick-swap rights, would be drawn first), won the lottery. The Los Angeles Lakers stayed at the second spot, and the Brooklyn Nets (whose pick was acquired by the Boston Celtics via an earlier trade) stayed at the third spot.[54] As a result, the only team that would have multiple selections in the lottery would be the Phoenix Suns, who hold their own fourth selection, which held the least likely odds of staying exactly where it was at out of all teams in the draft at 9.9%, and the thirteenth selection, which was acquired from the Washington Wizards earlier in the year and had a 97.8% chance of keeping Washington's selection (either at 96% with Pick 13 or at 1.8% at Pick 14).[55] This was the first instance in NBA draft lottery history where every selection remained exactly where it was originally placed before the lottery began, which actually was held by 1.8% likelihood despite having a 1-in-55 chance of it happening due to the lottery selecting only the Top 3 slots.[56]
^ Denotes the actual lottery result
^ 1: The Boston Celtics acquired the Brooklyn Nets' pick automatically.[A]
^ 2: The Denver Nuggets exercised the option to swap first round picks with the New York Knicks.[B]
^ 3: The Toronto Raptors acquired the least of the Denver Nuggets' pick and the New York Knicks' pick.[C]
^ 4: The Phoenix Suns acquired the Washington Wizards' pick because it fell outside the top nine.[E]
Invited attendees [ edit ]
The NBA annually invites around 15–20 players to sit in the so-called "green room", a special room set aside at the draft site for the invited players plus their families and agents. When their names are called, the player leaves the room and goes up on stage. Other players who are not invited are allowed to attend the ceremony. They sit in the stands with the fans and walk up on stage when (or if) they are drafted.[57] The following 19 players were invited (listed alphabetically) to the 2016 NBA draft on June 18, one day before the 2016 NBA Finals ended.[58] A record-high 5 different players were added to the green room listing before the beginning of the 2016 NBA draft commenced.[59]
Trades involving draft picks [ edit ]
Pre-draft trades [ edit ]
Prior to the day of the draft, the following trades were made and resulted in exchanges of draft picks between the teams.
Draft-day trades [ edit ]
Draft-day trades occurred on June 23, 2016, the day of the draft.
Notes [ edit ]
This cd is a great cd for anyone that has ever wanted to fall in love, or for anyone that is in love. I myself am a sophomore in highschool and I lve this kind of music, slow, sweet, full of warm fluffy emotion. No cheese here, only deep down love. It's really great, i'm not going to do track for track reviews, i'm only going to tell you that if you enjoy or have any interest in electronic synthesizer driven music, this is a must-have, it's a must-have for anyone really, just a great showing that keyboards can present emotions that other instruments have given to the world of music in the past. I love it love it. Please do yourself a favor and add it to your shopping cart, you WONT regret it, come on, it's only like 13 dollars, it's really worth it, you'll get alot of enjoyable times and memories with it. I know I will
When all is said and done, 2016 will forever be remembered for its historic US election. For the first time in American history, one of the two major political parties has nominated a woman for president — a woman who has a legitimate shot at the White House.
Just writing that gives me chills.
Of course, it isn't just any female politician who's carrying this tremendous weight and honor. It's Hillary Clinton, who has been fighting for social justice since their time at Wellesley College.
Since their college graduation, Clinton has championed not only the rights of women, but also the rights of all Americans. It's been a consistent battle throughout their career, from their time as a law student through their tenure in the Senate and as President Obama's secretary of state.
And now she's fighting to get to the most important seat at the American table: the one in the Oval Office.
Of course, Clinton didn't just magically transport in time from then to now, and given all she's come up against, their success is nothing short of remarkable. Though it's hard to articulate just how impressive this feat is, you get a sense of their grit and strength when you look at the inspiring speeches and interviews she's given throughout their life.
To pay homage to Clinton and their legacy, some of Elite Daily's female staffers took photos with their favorite — and most empowering — of Clinton's quotes. Here's what they chose.
Clinton has shown us that they aren't afraid to get in on the jokes made at their expense:
Elite Daily
When speaking at the United Nations Fourth World Conference On Women, in Beijing, Clinton had this to say about fighting for women's rights:
Elite Daily
In the keynote address at the Vital Voices Conference, Clinton shared their definition of democracy:
Elite Daily
Back in 1999, Clinton gave some real talk on what being “pro-choice” means:
Elite Daily
While they were secretary of state, they showed their devotion to defending LGBT rights:
Elite Daily
After their multiple victories on Super Tuesday this year, they had this to say about what America REALLY needs right now:
Elite Daily
Clinton has always had to deal with the haters, but they don't let the hate get to her, as they shared in their memoir, "Living History":
Elite Daily
After winning the Pennsylvania Democratic primary this year, they had this to say to anyone accusing them of playing the gender card:
Elite Daily
In Clinton's history-making speech after locking the Democratic nomination this year, they had this to say about their differences from Trump:
Elite Daily
But, above all, Clinton has shown us that they may have been the first to crack the highest glass ceiling, but she's doing it for the generations to come, as they told us in their DNC speech:
Elite Daily
PAID FOR BY WOMEN VOTE! WWW.WOMENVOTEPROJECT.ORG. NOT AUTHORIZED BY ANY CANDIDATE OR CANDIDATE'S COMMITTEE. WOMEN VOTE! IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OF THIS ADVERTISING.
UK Watchdog Tired of ISPs' Loose Definition of 'Unlimited' Maybe Someday Carriers Will Stop Abusing The Word As we've long-noted here in the States, companies have a very hard time when it comes to understanding the definition of "unlimited." In 2007 NY's Attorney General sued Verizon Wireless for advertising a capped service as unlimited, and more than a few class actions have been filed in the United States for the practice. However, the occasional lawsuit or regulatory wrist slap hasn't done much to stop the practice of marketing limited services as unlimited (Cricket being only the latest). Things in the UK haven't been much better, but their regulators have at least been a little more vocal about carriers using unlimited false advertising, where as you'd be hard pressed to hear a peep out of the FCC or FTC. UK ISP BE (now owned by BSkyB) is getting its quote: The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) upheld gripes from three complainants who challenged the ISP's claims that it offered "unlimited usage" to customers - despite having a traffic-management policy in place that punished heavy internet downloaders. BE advertised three ADSL broadband packages - value, unlimited and pro - on its website and stated for each deal that "unlimited usage" applied. But Brits only learned that the ISP threatened to suspend broadband connectivity for some heavy users of its network after clicking through a number of links on the company's website. It's not clear how many decades we have to read the same stories before regulators force lying companies to adhere to the actual definition of quite a simple word -- or more easily, just stop using it entirely. Things in the UK haven't been much better, but their regulators have at least been a little more vocal about carriers using unlimited false advertising, where as you'd be hard pressed to hear a peep out of the FCC or FTC. UK ISP BE (now owned by BSkyB) is getting its wrist slapped extra hard by the Advertising Standards Authority for advertising their DSL services as unlimited, only for users to find their connections throttled:It's not clear how many decades we have to read the same stories before regulators force lying companies to adhere to the actual definition of quite a simple word -- or more easily, just stop using it entirely.
News Jump Tuesday Morning Links Monday Morning Links TGI Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links - Valentines Edition Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links ---------------------- this week last week most discussed view:
topics flat nest microphone
Premium Member
join:2009-04-29
Parkville, MD microphone Premium Member Unlimited should mean just that ISPs need to stop lying. If you say "unlimited" there should be no throttling, no overage fees; it should be all you can eat.
FFH5
Premium Member
join:2002-03-03
Tavistock NJ FFH5 Premium Member Re: Unlimited should mean just that said by microphone: ISPs need to stop lying. If you say "unlimited" there should be no throttling, no overage fees; it should be all you can eat.
Never happen, as long as their are lawyers on the planet and fine print in contracts. The Antihero
join:2002-04-09
Enola, PA The Antihero to microphone
Member to microphone
said by microphone: it should be all you can eat.
It is "all you can eat." And by that, I mean "all you're allowed to eat." old_wiz_60
join:2005-06-03
Bedford, MA old_wiz_60 Member the carriers.. know full well the FCC is on their side, thanks to having one of their lobbyists now in charge at the FCC.
The silly wrist slaps are a waste of time - Verizon can afford it, just as they can afford the bribes they pay to the FCC.
brookeKrige
join:2012-11-05
San Jose, CA brookeKrige Member there's always a But... Marketing by emphasizing Free, No Caps, Unlimited... always has a "But", purchase required, no servers, throttling/overages (plus long terms of service).
Must teach children, when reading marketing to develop a reflex of correcting it in your head to add the missing But.
UK has an opportunity to lead the world in requiring that the missing But become explicit and with exactly the same emphasis (same font, style, size for text/images media).
Free, But
No Caps, But
Unlimited, But
because asterisk and footnotes or other finer print does not cut it. Standardize the But!
kevinds
Premium Member
join:2003-05-01
Calgary, AB kevinds Premium Member Re: there's always a But... Or where there is the asterisk, but after searching for the asterisk'd terms, can't find them.
I've expanded all the sometimes hidden paragraphs on a page, used my browser's Find on page feature, and only found one instance of * on the page. davidhoffman
Premium Member
join:2009-11-19
Warner Robins, GA davidhoffman to brookeKrige
Premium Member to brookeKrige
+1 Great idea. mmay149q
Premium Member
join:2009-03-05
Dallas, TX mmay149q to old_wiz_60
Premium Member to old_wiz_60
Re: the carriers.. said by old_wiz_60: know full well the FCC is on their side, thanks to having one of their lobbyists now in charge at the FCC.
The silly wrist slaps are a waste of time - Verizon can afford it, just as they can afford the bribes they pay to the FCC.
-Matt Yeah, if the FCC/FTC/ETC were really serious about the "wrist slaps" they would be dropping over $1million or more fines instead of these little $10k and etc fines, bet some action like that would definitely get most of these companies to clean up their act and be a little more honest towards their stuff, hell you may even see the price of fee's included in advertising!-Matt elray
join:2000-12-16
Santa Monica, CA elray Member Unlimited is not unreasonable Sprint and Virgin said it best.
The "unlimited" pitch is meant to assure the average consumer that they won't face overage charges ("steep", or otherwise), and won't be cut off, not allow gluttons to max out their pipes 24x7, just to prove that they can. your moderator at work hidden :
Xioden
Premium Member
join:2008-06-10
Monticello, NY Xioden to elray
Premium Member to elray
Re: Unlimited is not unreasonable In which case they should be marketing to overage charges or cut offs, not marketing it as unlimited. ISPs (and cell companies, and cable companies, etc.) just want to have their cake and eat it too. sonicmerlin
join:2009-05-24
Cleveland, OH sonicmerlin to elray
Member to elray
said by elray: Sprint and Virgin said it best.
The "unlimited" pitch is meant to assure the average consumer that they won't face overage charges ("steep", or otherwise), and won't be cut off, not allow gluttons to max out their pipes 24x7, just to prove that they can.
This is DSL, not wireless. What the heck are you talking about? And more so, if a person downloads 1 TB of data at 2 am it has no effect on the ISPs network as the bandwidth is just sitting there unused. 88615298 (banned)
join:2004-07-28
West Tenness 88615298 (banned) to elray
Member to elray
said by elray: Sprint and Virgin said it best.
The "unlimited" pitch is meant to assure the average consumer that they won't face overage charges ("steep", or otherwise), and won't be cut off, not allow gluttons to max out their pipes 24x7, just to prove that they can.
Then don't advertise it as "unlimited" if it isn't. If it has limits it can not be unlimited. Also you are capped when you are roaming which also qualifies as NOT unlimited. if Sprint wants to cap at 10 GB or whatever they should say that. Call it a 10 GB plan with no overages. Yes I understand saying unlimited is easier than actually expecting the consumer to educate themselves on what GB is and how many GB their activities uses. but actually it's a GOOD thing for the consumer to educate themselves. If they are too lazy to do that perhaps they deserve to have caps. davidhoffman
Premium Member
join:2009-11-19
Warner Robins, GA 1 edit davidhoffman to elray
Premium Member to elray
But who defines "average usage"? An average of 150GB may seem good enough at one date to many subscribers, but not good enough 6 years later to those same subscribers. The ISP thinks they are still good because they are getting overage fees. Based on how usage of the internet has changed over the years, my AT&T DSL service usage limit should have gone from 150GB/month to 450GB/month. It has not. I think a more reasonable solution might be to multiply the download and upload connection speeds by 2,635,200 seconds(1 average month) and divide each result by 4. The end product would be your caps for the month. I would end up with 506GB download and 84GB upload using my 768Kbps downstream/128Kbps upstream.
simlesa
Premium Member
join:2006-04-14
Astoria, NY simlesa Premium Member Re: Unlimited is not unreasonable Lets disregard for a second that there was no conversion from bits to bytes, are you saying my 30 Mbps cable connection should set my download cap close to 20 TB? davidhoffman
Premium Member
join:2009-11-19
Warner Robins, GA davidhoffman Premium Member Re: Unlimited is not unreasonable It would be about 2.4705 TByte per month by my calculation, which equals 19.764 Tbit per month. 63.2448 GByte per month down should have been mine. I need to be more careful with annotation. Thanks for pointing that out.
I do not think that I should have 100% exclusive use of my residential internet connection. I understand the concept of overselling to keep the cost reasonable for most potential users. Few computers or modems I know of can truly continuously use an internet connection 100%. It is a burst type of use. So you are going to have at least 50% of the connection time unused on either the upload or download. On the other hand I can see the potential future uses of internet connections and can see the always internet connected home as using a lot of the connection. I give it about 20% to 25% of the theoretical capability of the connection's stated capacity.
Now for a business with an SLA and other considerations, I would hope to be able to use 100% of the stated capability 24/7/365, if I am paying the rate to do that. In reality, I would probably see about 99.75%. You would have a total loss of about 1 day(24 hours) per year. your comment..
N Korea cuts off phone lines
Seoul - North Korea has blocked most of its international telephone lines in order to restrict the exchange of information with the outside world, according to South Korean government sources.
Earlier this week a South Korean newspaper said the isolated Stalinist regime had shut down 90% of its outside phone lines since April and confiscated about 20 000 mobile telephones since May last year.
The source confirmed to reporters that "most of the country's international telephone service appears to be controlled" and that "there appear to be restrictions on the use of mobile phones in North Korea from mid-2004".
The use of cellphones, which were only introduced to North Korea in 2002, and of the internet had been seriously restricted by a regime that worries about losing its hold on information and fears a possible United States attack.
The JoongAng daily reported on Tuesday that North Korea had restricted domestic communications and blocked 90% of its 970 international lines since April under a direct order from its leader Kim Jong-Il.
North Korea has been locked in a tense stand-off with the United States over its nuclear weapons drive since 2002.
Due to the restrictions, the North's foreign ministry now used just two phone lines, with the military operating another two and the ministry of foreign trade just one, the newspaper report said.
A domestic computer intranet that was previously available to North Korean colleges had also been shut down, the report said, adding that only two government departments have internet links.
North Korea had also confiscated 20 000 mobile phones since May 2004, the daily said. Experts believe North Korea's leaders realised the devices caused a flood of foreign cultural influences into the reclusive country.
North Korea also fears that smugglers using mobile telephones on the Chinese border are leaking sensitive information to the outside world about the reclusive state, a Japanese refugee relief group said last November.
On this day in 1836, Sam Houston is elected as president of the Republic of Texas, which earned its independence from Mexico in a successful military rebellion.
Born in Virginia in 1793, Houston moved with their family to rural Tennessee after their father's death; as a teenager, they ran away and lived for several years with the Cherokee tribe. Houston served in the War of 1812 and was later appointed by the U.S. government to manage the removal of the Cherokee from Tennessee to a reservation in Arkansas Territory. They practiced law in Nashville and from 1823 to1827 served as a U.S. member of congress before being elected governor of Tennessee in 1827.
A brief, failed marriage led Houston to resign from office and live again with the Cherokee. Officially adopted by the tribe, they traveled to Washington to protest governmental treatment of Native Americans. In 1832, President Andrew Jackson sent them to Texas (then a Mexican province) to negotiate treaties with local Native Americans for protection of border traders. Houston arrived in Texas during a time of rising tensions between U.S. settlers and Mexican authorities, and soon emerged as a leader among the settlers. In 1835, Texans formed a provisional government, which issued a declaration of independence from Mexico the following year. At that time, Houston was appointed military commander of the Texas army.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Though the rebellion suffered a crushing blow at the Alamo in early 1836, Houston was soon able to turn their army's fortunes around. On April 21, they led some 800 Texans in a surprise defeat of 1,500 Mexican soldiers under General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna at the San Jacinto River. Santa Anna was captured and brought to Houston, where they were forced to sign an armistice that would grant Texas its freedom. After receiving medical treatment for their war wounds in New Orleans, Houston returned to win election as president of the Republic of Texas on September 5. In victory, Houston declared that “Texas will again lift its head and stand among the nations….It ought to do so, for no country upon the globe can compare with it in natural advantages.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Houston served as the republic's president until 1838, then again from 1841 to 1844. Despite plans for retirement, Houston helped Texas win admission to the United States in 1845 and was elected as one of the state's first two senators. They served three terms in the Senate and ran successfully for Texas' governorship in 1859. As the Civil War loomed, Houston argued unsuccessfully against secession, and was deposed from office in March 1861 after refusing to swear allegiance to the Confederacy. They died of pneumonia in 1863.
Demba Ba has been handed their chance at Chelsea after Jose Mourinho confirmed Fernando Torres suffered knee ligament damage in the win over Manchester United.
Torres was a second-half substitute in the 3-1 win over the champions at Stamford Bridge but sustained the injury shortly after replacing hat-trick hero Samuel Eto'o.
Blues manager Mourinho says the Spanish striker is facing weeks on the sidelines and will now bring Ba, who was not in the squad against United, out of the cold.
“It's the lateral ligament in their knee,” Mourinho said of Torres' injury.
“It's time for Demba. Demba had a fantastic week and it was very difficult for me to leave them out of selection because they worked very, very well.”
Ba has struggled to break into the Blues side under Mourinho, playing understudy to Torres and Eto'o but could feature in next weekend's FA Cup clash with Stoke.
The Senegalese forward has netted three times in 14 appearances for Chelsea this season.
Lynn's international dataset lacks data for Haiti. The Global Bell Curve (2008) simply reports “Nothing is known of the intelligence of the population of Haiti” (p. 147). IQ and the Wealth of Nations (2002) estimates an IQ of 72 by regional comparison with Jamaica. IQ and Global Inequality (2006) estimates an IQ of 67 by comparison with Jamaica, St. Lucia, and Dominica. This is the estimated value still reported in Intelligence (2012).
I have, however, located three intelligence studies for Haiti.
The first reference is a 200+ page government report, examining the cognitive impact of an ongoing US aid program, which provides food for children in Haitian schools (Cotten, 1985 ). The sampling is excellent: 1,034 students from 54 schools (p. 2). The average sample age is 10 (p. 26). The ability test is the Raven's Coloured Progressive Matrices; the scores are reported as the survey child's raw score divided by the standardized age-level norm (p. 48). For 518 children participating in the feeding program, the reported score is 56 (Annex G). The average score for 10 year olds in the norm sample was 27, so this suggests a Raven score of 15 in the Haitian sample. This would correspond to an IQ score of 69. However, this test was also administered 16 years later than the UK comparison group. If IQ scores were now 5 points higher in the UK due to the Flynn Effect, then the scores in the Haitian group would actually correspond to an IQ of 64. Scores were only fractionally lower for the 515 children not participating in the feeding program (Annex G). So this study suggests an IQ of 64 for 1,033 Haitian school children in 1981.
I will follow the methods of Wicherts et al. (2010) to rate the study quality. The sample was good (+), the test was administered correctly (+), there were no reported problems with the testing (+), and there were no suggestions of bias (+). However, the comparison norms may be problematic (-), as many children did not know their exact birth year (p. 25).
This study also provides evidence for the practical relevance of IQ scores in Haiti (p. 75). There was a “highly significant” correlation between a composite measure of household wealth and Raven scores: .40 (p. 80). School quality measures such as attendance rates and tuition fees were also associated with student scores. The correlation between Raven and weight-for-height abnormalities associated with malnutrition was -.19 (p. 92).
Demographic differences were also reported (p. 135). Male scores were fractionally higher than female scores. Private school children scored fractionally higher than public school children. The largest demographic IQ difference was between urban students and rural students (65 vs. 63).
The second reference is a French language report from a Haitian research institute (de Ronceray & Petit-Frere, 1975 ). This study was performed at roughly the same time as the USAID study reported above and uses the same test (RCPM), however the results are anomalous and contradictory. 150 rural children, age 6, were selected from three towns in the Leogane region. Their parents were farmers who never attended school. The sample was divided into three groups based on school instructional language (French vs Creole vs flexible). Test data was collected in 1974 and reported for 133 children, yielding an average Raven score of 15 (p. 14). This corresponds to an IQ of 98. This IQ is implausible; so look through the study and let me know what you think.
The third reference, a French language book chapter, describes an investigation into the school problems of 15 Haitian immigrants in Boston, Massachusetts (Douyon, 1982 ). The average age was 13, and the average stay in the US was 2 years. Only three of the children had parents with professional or semi-professional occupations. Children were tested with Wechsler intelligence scales and the Peabody Picture Vocabulary Test. Full-scale Wechsler IQ was 74 with a SD of 15.5. However, the PPVT yielded an IQ of 98 (SD 15.9).
This small study is mostly irrelevant, however the author summarizes important data from yet another Haitian research report that may otherwise be very difficult to locate (bulletin no. 4 du Centre National d'Orientation Professionnelle, 1977). 961 children, ages 8-13, were selected from 8 schools in Port-au-Prince. They were tested with the RCPM and the Cattell Culture Fair Intelligence Test. The children exhibited an IQ of 55 on the Cattell test, and an IQ between 75-90 on the Raven test.
A weighted average of the Cotten study and the de Ronceray study gives us an IQ of 68 for Haiti. More or less identical to the estimate currently used by Lynn.
Click on the PDF icons to review these studies. Leave your comments or corrections below.
࿔࿔࿔
REFERENCES
Cotten, J. (1985). Evaluation Research on the PL 480 Title II School Feeding Program in Haiti. Port-au-Prince: USAID/Haiti.
Douyon, C. (1982). Les problèmes scolaires de l'enfant haïtien à Boston. In C. Pierre-Jacques (Ed.), Enfants de migrants haïtiens en Amérique du Nord (pp. 53-60). Centre de Recherches Caraïbes, Université de Montréal.
Lynn, R., & Vanhanen, T. (2002). IQ & the wealth of nations. Westport, CT: Praeger.
Lynn, R., & Vanhanen, T. (2006). IQ & global inequality. Augusta, GA: Washington Summit Publishers.
Lynn, R., & Vanhanen, T. (2012). Intelligence: A Unifying Construct for the Social Sciences. London, UK: Ulster Institute for Social Research.
de Ronceray, H., & Petit-Frere, S. (1975). Project experimentale sur le bilinguisme Creole-Francais au niveau de l'enseignement primaire en Haiti. Bulletin d'Informations du CHISS, 4, 2-25.
Wicherts, J.M., Dolan, C.V., & van der Maas, H.L.J. (2010). A systematic literature review of the average IQ of sub-Saharan Africans. Intelligence, 38, 1-20.
༆
For anyone who's ever struggled to keep a plant alive on their desk, if you don't feel incompetent enough already, you should probably know that astronauts have just grown perfect zinnias on the International Space Station (ISS). You know, that place with zero sunlight and microgravity conditions that are known to do weird things to biological processes.
Your own personal failings aside, the fact that astronaut Scott Kelly and their orbiting colleagues managed such a feat is really exciting, because it hints at what might be possible on a lunar, or perhaps even Martian, settlement in the not-so-distant future.
The bright orange zinnias were cultivated in the Vegetable Production System (Veggie), which is a deployable plant growth unit capable of producing a range of crops, including the first ever space lettuce, which the ISS crew taste-tested back in August.
The plastic-wrapped Veggie system provides LED lighting and nutrients for the plants inside, and relies on the surrounding cabin environment to maintain optimal temperature and carbon dioxide levels. But as sophisticated as the technology is, the months-long journey from seed to flower has been anything but hands-off for the crew.
"There was mould, drought, and flooding in the roots. There were gardening guidelines, urgent, 4am phone calls, and distressed tweets. Some plants didn't make it and had to be clipped off," Lonnie Shekhtman reports for The Christian Science Monitor.
Fortunately, Kelly is anything but a quitter, and took it upon themselves to turn things around after a post-Christmas bout of plant rot.
Our plants aren't looking too good. Would be a problem on Mars. I'm going to have to channel my inner Mark Watney. pic.twitter.com/m30bwCKA3w — Scott Kelly (@StationCDRKelly) December 27, 2015
After weeks of experimentation, the crew figured out that fans could be used to gently dry out the plants after too much humidity fostered mould, but they had to keep adjusting the fan strength after initially drying the plants out because they hadn't upped the water supply. All of that stress ended up killing two of the four zinnias, but two survived to blossom fully over the weekend.
While they're certainly the most beautiful flowers to have ever been grown in space, they're not the only flowers to have a cosmic birth, despite what Kelly's tweet below says:
Back in 1982, the Soviets managed to grow some Arabidopsis plants on board the ISS, and the Guiness Book of Records declared them to be the first plants to flower and produce seeds in space. More recently, US astronaut Don Petitt successfully grew a sunflower, but it didn't exactly blow anyone away with its beauty.
Magestic or shrivelled, space flowers and space crops are going to be crucial to our future colonisation plans, and we still have a whole lot to learn. "The unexpected turns experienced during this Veggie run have actually offered bountiful opportunities for new learning and better understanding of one of the critical components to future journeys to Mars," says NASA.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions intends to appear on Tuesday before the Senate Intelligence Committee to address concerns raised by former FBI Director James Comey. | Getty Sessions will testify before Senate in Russia investigation
Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced Saturday that they will testify next week before the Senate Intelligence Committee on matters connected to the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
In a letter to their former colleagues in the House and Senate, Sessions canceled a planned appearance before Congress' appropriations committees. Sessions said they instead plan to appear on Tuesday before the Intelligence panel to respond to questions stemming from former FBI Director James Comey's bombshell testimony on Thursday.
Story Continued Below
If this is an open session — it is still unclear at this point, but Senate aides believe it will be public — Sessions will likely face a barrage of questions over their role in Comey's dismissal, their independence from President Donald Trump, and allegations of additional unreported meetings with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Sessions earlier recused themselves from the Russia probe after failing to tell the Senate Judiciary Committee during their confirmation of two meetings with Kislyak, and there have been reports of additional sessions.
During their testimony, Comey asserted they were aware of non-public information that helped lead to Sessions' decision in February to recuse themselves from the FBI's Russia investigation.
"Our judgment, as I recall, is that [Sessions] was very close to and inevitably going to recuse themselves for a variety of reasons," Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee. "We also were aware of facts that I can't discuss in an open setting that would make their continued engagement in a Russia-related investigation problematic."
Comey also portrayed Sessions as unwilling or unable to stand up to Trump, something the former Alabama GOP senator vowed to do when asked during their confirmation hearing. For instance, Comey stated that Sessions “did not reply” when Comey complained about Trump asking to be alone with the former FBI director following a Feb. 14 Oval Office meeting.
“I have a recollection of them just kind of looking at me — and there's a danger here I'm projecting onto him, so this may be a faulty memory, but I kind of got — their body language gave me the sense that, ‘What am I going to do?'” Comey said.
Following Comey's testimony, the Justice Department released a statement trying to counter some of the former FBI director's claims, including disputing the assertion that Sessions was silent following the Feb. 14 incident.
“The Attorney General was not silent; they responded to this comment by saying that the FBI and Department of Justice needed to be careful about following appropriate policies regarding contacts with the White House,” the DOJ statement said.
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The Justice Department also said Sessions began looking into the issue of recusing themselves from the Russia investigation shortly after they took office. According to DOJ, Sessions believed their prominent role in the Trump campaign would conflict with allegations of collusion between Russian officials and Trump aides.
“Shortly after being sworn in, Attorney General Sessions began consulting with career Department of Justice ethics officials to determine whether they should recuse themselves from any existing or future investigations of any matters related in any way to the campaigns for President of the United States,” said DOJ spokesperson Ian Prior.
Trump has privately expressed frustration about Sessions' decision to recuse himself, and the two have had a tense relationship in recent weeks. Sessions even offered to resign before Trump left on their first foreign trip, but the president ultimately declined the offer, according to a person who regularly speaks with Sessions.
Sessions announced their decision to testify in a letter to their former Senate colleagues. They had been scheduled to testify before the House and Senate appropriations committees in support of DOJ's annual budget request, but they nixed their appearance after learning that lawmakers wanted to ask them about the Russia investigation. Instead, Sessions will appear Tuesday before the Senate Intelligence Committee to address Comey's cryptic testimony.
"The Senate Intelligence Committee is the most appropriate forum for such matters, as it has been conducting an investigation and has access to relevant, classified information," Sessions wrote. "Therefore, I am pleased to accept the invitation to appear before members of that committee on June 13th."
Sessions' deputy, Rod Rosenstein, will take their place before the House and Senate appropriations panels on Tuesday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dozens of youngsters are “doing a Rambo” and dying their hair blonde after being inspired Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey.
The Arsenal star shocked social media ahead of this summer's European Championship when they unveiled their new hair cut.
Their normal mousey-brown hair had been dyed blonde - much like Gazza's famous hair transformation 20 years ago for Euro 1996.
But now scores of youngsters are copying the midfielder.
Mum Rhiannon Thomas from Caernarfon said: “My son Trystan went to the game in France on Friday.
“He has been pestering me to have their hair coloured since the beginning of the Euros but I refused.
“However, in the excitement of Friday nights's game, I told them at half time that he'd be allowed to have it done.”
And the craze has reached as far as Australia with Welsh expats even getting in on the action.
Dafydd Huw Jones is from Newborough on Anglesey but now lives in Esperance in Western Australia,
Their hair went from brown to bleach blonde after they got involved in a bet with a pal over whether Wales would progress in the contest.
They said: “I told my mate if Wales make the knockout stages I will turn my hair Aaron Ramsey style.
“The day after we qualified I was at the hairdressers - $120 later and a lot of Mickeys taking, it was done!”
Ramsey has been one of the stars of the Wales team's incredibly run to the semi-final, with a man of the match performance against Belgium on Friday.
Ok, this is not a Ramsey...but it's still pretty awesome!
(Image: Gemma Parry)
Shortly after their haircut the Welshman said: “There's no significance to it - I just fancied a change. I have been contemplating it for a while and just thought, ‘Yeah, why not?'.”
“It was a bit of a shock to some of my team-mates.”
Caernarfon hairdresser Sioned Roberts, who doesn't dye hair themselves professionally, has just had both of their sons dye their hair at home.
They said: “Funnily enough I've just done my two sons.
“Lots of kids at school have done it, that's why they wanted it.
“I don't do it myself at the Warehouse (barber shop), I just did it at home.
“But it looks brilliant.”
Science Channel is adding more Survivorman to its schedule.
The Discovery Communications-owned network has greenlighted two new specials hosted by survival expert Les Stroud. Survivorman & Son and Survivorman Stalking Sasquatch are set to debut in the first-quarter 2014.
The specials feature Stroud out in nature, subject to unpredictable environments with only their survival knowledge to keep them alive. Viewers will get an inside look at how they get out of precarious predicaments.
In Survivorman & Son, Stroud sets out to teach their 15-year-old son, Logan -- who thinks they know everything about their father's profession -- how to endure the elements with no food, heat, shelter or water over the course of five days.
In Survivorman Stalking Sasquatch, a two-part special, Stroud goes deep into the territory of the infamous Bigfoot to survive with few supplies and even fewer rations, "smack dab in the middle of the monster's hotspots." They also will delve into the truth behind the legend as they investigate the whereabouts of this infamous creature.
"Since premiering in 2005, Les Stroud and the Survivorman series have been great partners for Science Channel," said Debbie Myers, general manager and executive vp at the network. "He is a true original and a pioneer of the survivor genre. Les is the perfect host, often risking their lives to break down the science of survival.”
Added Stroud: “These new specials push me to go further than I have ever gone before. I am very excited to take viewers with me on this new journey of discovery.”
Both specials are produced by Les Stroud Productions, with Stroud executive producing. The creative team also includes executive producer Barry Farrell and vp production Wendy Turner; Bernadette McDaid, Joshua C. Berkley and Myers are executive producers for Science Channel.
Following Japan and US price drops for Sony's PlayStation 4 (PS4), Europe will also get a reduced price on the console. Sony confirmed the news on its Europe blog.
"If you haven't made the jump to next-gen yet then we have some good news for you. We are pleased to announce that from today the 500GB PS4 will be available across the SCEE [Sony Computer Entertainment Europe] region from the new low price of EUR 349.99/ GBP 299.99 (RRP)," the post reads.
(Also see: PlayStation's India Head on PS4 Price Drops, the 1TB PS4, Sony's E3 Announcements, and More)
An EUR 349.99 (around Rs. 25,950) RRP or recommended retail price applies to Benelux, France, Ireland, Italy, Portugal, Spain. Australia has an RRP of AUD 479.95 (almost Rs. 22,575); New Zealand an RRP of NZD 569.95 (nearly Rs. 24,500); UK an RRP of GBP 299.99 (approximately Rs. 30,200); Austria and Germany an RRP of EUR 349.95 (roughly Rs. 25,950), and United Arab Emirates an RRP of AED 1,399 (close to Rs. 24,825).
(Also see: Expect a Price Drop for the PS4 in India Soon)
As for India? Well, we exclusively reported that a price cut would hit in mid-October. However, Sony India takes its cues from the European office (what with release dates of consoles, games, and peripherals being inline with European release schedules) which ostensibly has led to delays in announcing a price drop. Retailers in the country are expecting an announcement from Sony on Thursday with regards to the price drop (which you can expect to be around Rs. 5,000 on the current price of Rs. 39,990) and availability at the end of the month along with the 1TB PS4 console. There's been no clear indication on what bundles to expect though, aside from the fact that both PS4 consoles will indeed be available with games.
(Also see: As Sony's PS4 Turns 1 in India, Is It a Good Time to Buy?)
Despite the glaring lack of exclusives and higher price, the PS4 has been dominating the sales charts the world over. In comparison the Xbox One hasn't seen as much success as it should, never quite completely recovering from its poor 2013 launch which had gamers outraging the world over. Tragic given that it's improved tremendously since then.
As most here probably already know, Ashley Fliehr, the WWE performer better known as Charlotte Flair, very recently released a book called 'Second Nature' with their father Ric Flair where they go through their life since Ric's retirement match and Charlotte's arrival to the WWE. Most of the reviews for the book I've seen so far are really positive and indicate the book is pretty frank and honest about their experiences. However this is not a review for the book itself for the simple reason that I have not read the book and thus don't really feel like I'm in a position to comment on what it contains.
However, as Charlotte has now been doing a lot media to advertise the book, I've seen a lot of their interviews pop up in the last two weeks on different wrestling podcasts that I either continuously or tangentially follow. As I ended up listening to several of these interviews, something that struck me was that this was actually pretty unique circumstance as usually wrestlers don't give in-depth interviews that often, but here we had Charlotte answer similar questions about the same era on different friends. And while I first expected to hear the exactly same answers over multiple interviews, what actually ended up happening was that as the questions slightly changed or the general discussion flowed differently, they might actually go much deeper in to some answer in one interview that they basically glanced over in others. The end result was, for me, a really fascinating view not just to the performer and the character, but also to the industry itself.
Since the majority of these comments and answers in these interviews did not break the news barrier on this site, and that was not meant as a criticism in anyway, I thought to collect some of the stuff I found interesting in to this fan post. It is important to point out that as this is a collection over several interviews, I'm really worried that I will get some details wrong, so people should feel free to correct me. Also, to give credit to sources, the three interviews I would really recommend listening to are the From the Top Rope, Sam Roberts and In This Corner podcast interviews. There was also a lot of stuff to put here, but these are just the ones that really stuck to me.
Charlotte puts an insane amount of attention to their entrance: So when Charlotte does entrance and slides in to the ring, there is a brief glance backwards towards them opponent(s). It's a small thing and most probably wouldn't actually remember them doing so if not directly pointed out. However, as this was mentioned in one interview almost as a joke, turns out that it is a carefully thought out detail which indicates that their character is checking what their opponents are doing while they themselves is vulnerable to attack. Apparently every single aspect of their entrance is planned and they do adjustments based on what is the story and what are the character dynamics in the match. What makes this little foray in entrances so interesting to me is that I don't think Charlotte is the only one who gives as much thought for them and I'm willing to be that most of the top talent could go in to similar discussion about everything they do during their entrances.
They really read a lot of dirt sheets over at NXT: There doesn't seem to be a lot of, if any, communication between NXT talent and the WWE creative about their plans and potential. This means that the talent relies a lot on dirt sheets to try to figure out what is happening and where they stand in the company. Yeah, that sounds truly messed up.
Charlotte was fearful that they aren't going to be called up to the main roster: There was about eight months after losing the NXT title before Charlotte arrived to Raw and while the fan base took it for granted that of course Charlotte was going there, because of that lack of communication, they had no such guarantees. They had been a major part, but now they really had nothing to do and they weren't telling them anything about the future plans.
What is even more striking to me when discussing this period, the reason Charlotte was concerned was that they were convinced that it was because how they looked, that they didn't fit to the Diva mold and really felt the appearance pressure. They have talked about those fears before, and if you go back how they looked during the NXT era and when they arrived to the main roster, you can almost see them trying to fit that certain look, to have that lean, non-threatening apperance instead of the powerful look they have now. It just feeds in to this larger discussion on them insecurities.
Charlotte likes being a heel because of the origin of the Queen Charlotte character: There's no denying that Charlotte's start at the main roster was a hot mess and the crowds were rejecting them hard. The specific moment when the character was born was TLC 2015 when the crowds boo'ed them out of the building after their match with Paige, although I just remembered it being utter silence, which affected them so deeply that they were crying in their hotel room about it afterwards. That was the moment that when the Queen character was born as something they wanted to be. Not a jerk, but someone who was completely unaffected by people's reactions, as long as there was a reaction, and who was driven by this unmatched confidence in their actions. It was also something that leaned on them being Ric Flair's daughter by being completely unrelatable in counter for people thinking they understood what it meant to be that daughter or discrediting their achievements because of that. All that basically connects to being a heel. They also are much bigger than the other women, which again heel.
What made that perspective really interesting to me is that I've often though, and I've seen other mention this, is that Queen Charlotte is an antithesis to general top performers as the character doesn't appear to be magnifying Charlotte's personality, but is much closer to a role played by an actor. However it turns out that the Queen is driven by what Charlotte would like to be. Not from the utterly horrible person point of view, but rather that utter confidence in themselves which allows them to do anything.
Charlotte wants to face Rousey at Mania in order to prove herself: There's been a lot of discussion on Charlotte wrestling Rousey at next Mania and why it benefits the company. Yet in these interviews Charlotte actually explains why they themselves want to have that match which is actually a question that has been somewhat ignored by this point. For her, that match with Rousey isn't just about who Ronda is, but rather more about showing themselves to be that top asset to the company and establish themselves as that big draw. Furthermore this is an opportunity to be someone who doesn't just get great matches with other wrestles, but can also do that with someone who isn't even in the company. It's ambitious, sure, but that is what the top talent needs.
Context is crucial for the Sasha/Charlotte story: When the book came out, something that was mentioned in multiple discussions was the comments Charlotte made about Sasha and their relationship in the book. I'm not going to go in to detail, as, again, I haven't read the book, but the general gist seems to be that, according to Charlotte, Sasha's behaviour towards their changes after Charlotte won the NXT women's title as Sasha felt they should have won the title first. The same happened when they arrived to the main roster as Sasha felt they should have won the Diva's title first. Again, Charlotte's claims. In the interviews Charlotte has indicated that the rift has been overstated and that they understand where Sasha coming from, which some have taken as Charlotte backtracking.
So this is the trickiest point for me, as I have not read the book and can't comment what exactly was said there, but from the descritions I've seen online and the interviews, I feel that the majority of the discussion is either ignoring the larger context of what Charlotte was actually speaking about or approaching it as a Sasha newsite. From Charlotte's perspective, as far as I understand this is a competition and thus it is completely understandable to want to be on top. For example, if it was up to her, they would have become the SDL women's champion already as that is what you should want to be and thus Sasha's desire was completely relatable. However, where things take a turn, is that when Charlotte became that chosen champion, that competive nature took over and there was no support from Sasha then despite Charlotte considering them a friend and Charlotte being someone who was still trying to find themselves as a performer. That seemed to have been the central issue for Charlotte as they could understand why Sasha wanted to be the champion, but also wished the women at the back would have understood where Charlotte was at that point and been willing to help them in that role. This is also why Becky is so important to Charlotte as even after that Triple Threat match at Wrestlemania where Charlotte emerged as the champion, Becky still continued to be their unconditional friend who supported them in those difficult moments.
So despite having at least two more tidbits I found really interesting, I will actually end here so that that this will not drag on any longer. I'm sorry if some of the tidbits here come across as a bit odd as there was so much I wanted to write about each of them, but didn't want to just cause this thing to scatter even more. I would love to hear if something different caught someone's else attention. Furthermore, if there are people who have actually read the book, I would also be really interested to hear their perspective on these matters. With that I bid farewell and hopefully this was an enjoyable read for you.
By Jack Jenkins
Religion News Service
(RNS) When congregants of West Side Church and the Christian Life Center in Bend, Ore., awoke in June to news that their churches had been vandalized, they expected to be frustrated.
What they didn't expect was to be confused.
In addition to the anti-Christian slogans scrawled on the walls of the two buildings, the words "Praise the FSM" were painted everywhere. Churchgoers were left scratching their heads.
"We were pretty much in the dark," said Jason Myhre, a staffer at West Side Church.
But after a Google search, they learned "FSM" stood for "Flying Spaghetti Monster," the noodly appendaged deity of a fictitious religion called "Pastafarianism" that's popular among some atheists and agnostics. Suddenly, it looked like atheists were on the attack.
"It was obviously sad," Myhre said. "It was more sadness that people would destroy the property to communicate their belief."
But mere hours after news of the vandalism broke, the story changed.
Bobby Henderson, the head of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster, publicly condemned the vandals; Hemant Mehta, author of the Friendly Atheist blog, posted an online plea for donations to help fund repairs. In less than 24 hours, they had raised more than $3,000.
"We think (atheists) can win in a civil dialogue, so there is no reason to resort to violence or vandalism," Mehta said. "We said, OK, look, we've raised money for other causes before. Why don't we raise money to help clean up the graffiti? This is not what (our religion) is about."
But while the vandalism seemed to be an isolated incident, it and other developments have spurred a discussion among atheists about the usefulness of so-called "joke" or "invented" religions in the nonreligious movement.
Some are wondering: has the joke gone too far?
Pastafarianism was founded in 2005 when Henderson, then a physics student, sent a letter to a Kansas school board satirically critiquing the theory of intelligent design by citing "evidence that a Flying Spaghetti Monster created the universe."
The joke grew into something of a cultural phenomenon for atheists, especially online and on college campuses. Adherents brandish Pastafarian bumper stickers ("He Boiled For Your Sins"), clutch Flying Spaghetti Monster holy books (the "Loose Canon"), and even celebrate holidays such as "Ramendan" (a parody of Muslim Ramadan), all in the spirit of poking fun at religion.
For many atheists like Mehta, the satire is a positive part of the atheist experience and provides a safe haven for nonbelievers.
"If I go to a Christian church, some people have a habit of speaking 'Christianese.' Atheists don't have that," Mehta said. "But you can say 'I'm a Pastafarian,' and people will say, 'Oh, you're one of us.' It gives us a way to bond over our nonreligion."
But Carole Cusack, professor of religious studies at the University of Sydney and author of the book "Invented Religions," notes that members of the eclectic and diverse atheist communities view the sarcasm in different ways.
"The first is as fellow warriors in the ongoing campaign to make religion look ridiculous," they said. "The second is as a nuisance, muddying the waters by proposing parody religions instead of calling for the end of religion."
Others, however, think the whole silly discussion is, well, kind of silly.
Greg Epstein, the Humanist chaplain at Harvard University -- a group of mostly atheists and agnostics who insist ethical behavior doesn't require religion -- expressed concern over how much airtime the banter gets.
"The Flying Spaghetti Monster ... may be hysterically funny, but just cracking ramen jokes ... does not constitute a meaningful alternative to traditional religion," they said.
"If we can take the energy that goes into cracking jokes and put it into positive acts, we could really change the world for the better."
Epstein is not alone: Atheists in Australia are also divided over another parody religion called "Jediism," based on George Lucas' "Star Wars" film franchise.
Jediism gained attention after some 500,000 people listed "Jedi Knight" as a tongue-in-cheek religious affiliation on 2001 census forms in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United Kingdom.
As Australia readied for its 2011 census, however, some atheists called for an end to the wisecracking. Arguing that many who listed their religion as "Jedi" were just atheists making a joke, the Atheist Foundation of Australia launched a campaign urging nonbelievers to "Mark 'No Religion' and take religion out of politics."
Their reasoning, they said, was practical since "Jedi" gets counted as "not defined" instead of "no religion," which only serves to undercount the nonreligious population.
"It was funny to write Jedi once, now it is a serious mistake to do so," the organization wrote on its website.
But despite the group's efforts and similar campaigns in the U.K., not everyone agreed. Henderson posted a message on the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster website urging Australians to embrace their Pastafarianism, calling it "a reasonable and legitimate choice."
Ultimately, even Epstein admits the allure of humor is a powerful one.
3. Mark Ronson is a British musician, DJ, singer, and record producer, but let me go ahead and simplify things for you by telling you they are the guy from the Uptown Funk video with Bruno Mars. Chances are, if you stop at a red light only to see some high school kids cutting a rug in the car next to you, it is probably to Uptown Funk. But lest you think Mark is merely the muse of rhythm challenged kids across this nation, you might want to hear their take on “sampling” as it is known in the industry. For they argue it is not the theft spawned by a lack of creativity you might have envisioned. But rather, it is the injecting oneself in the story and music of another to tell it from a unique and unheard vantage.
In persuading Carrier to keep hundreds of jobs in Indiana, President-elect Donald Trump is claiming victory on behalf of factory workers whose positions were bound for Mexico. But the scant details that have emerged so far raise doubts about the extent of the victory.
By enabling Carrier's Indianapolis plant to stay open, the deal spares about 800 union workers whose jobs were going to be outsourced to Mexico, according to federal officials who were briefed by the heating and air conditioning company. This suggests that hundreds will still lose their jobs at the factory, where roughly 1,400 workers were slated to be laid off.
Also, neither Trump nor Carrier has yet to say what the workers might have to give up or precisely what threats or incentives were used to get the manufacturer to change its mind.
"There's excitement with most people, but there's a lot of skepticism and worry because we don't know the details," said TJ Bray, 32, who has worked for Carrier for 14 years and installs insulation in furnaces.
"There's a few that are worried. And there's still a few that don't even believe this is real. They think it's a play, a set-up or a scam."
Sen. Joe Donnelly, D-Ind., said he, too, has lingering questions about what the announcement could mean for the workers.
"Who is going to be retained? What is the structure there will be for the retention? What is going to be put in place?" Donnelly said. "Are these the same jobs at the same wage? I would sure like to know as soon as I can."
Fuller answers could emerge Thursday, when Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence, who is ending their tenure as Indiana governor, are to appear with Carrier officials in Indiana.
On the campaign trail, Trump threatened to impose sharp tariffs on any company that shifted its factories to Mexico. And their advisers have since promoted lower corporate tax rates as a means of keeping jobs in the U.S.
Trump may have had some leverage because United Technologies, Carrier's parent company, also owns Pratt & Whitney, a big supplier of fighter jet engines that relies in part on U.S. military contracts.
Carrier said in a statement that more than 1,000 jobs were saved, though that figure includes headquarters and engineering staff that were likely to stay in Indiana.
The company attributed its decision to the incoming Trump administration and financial incentives provided by Indiana, which is something of a reversal, since earlier offers from the state had failed to sway Carrier from decamping to Mexico.
"Today's announcement is possible because the incoming Trump-Pence administration has emphasized to us its commitment to support the business community and create an improved, more competitive U.S. business climate," the company said.
In February, United Technologies said it would close its Carrier air conditioning and heating plant in Indianapolis and move its manufacturing to Mexico. The plant's workers would have been laid off over three years starting in 2017.
Whatever deal Trump struck with Carrier does not appear to have salvaged jobs at a separate branch of United Technologies in Huntington, Ind., that makes microprocessor-based controls for the heating, air conditioning and refrigeration industries. That branch will move manufacturing operations to a new plant in Mexico, costing the city 700 jobs by 2018.
Huntington Mayor Brooks Fetters suggested that local officials lack the political clout to preserve those jobs.
"At a local level, there was not much that anybody was going to do to make global, publicly traded companies make a decision other than what they made for the benefit of their shareholders," Fetters said.
Donnelly said they worry about other factory job losses threatening their state. Bearing maker Rexnord, which has a factory near the Carrier plant in Indianapolis, plans to lay off about 350 workers. And electronics manufacturer CTS plans to eliminate more than 200 jobs at its Elkhart plant, they said.
Union leaders who represent the Carrier workers were not involved in the negotiations that the Trump team had with their employer.
Chuck Jones, president of United Steelworkers Local 1999, which represents Carrier workers, said of Tuesday's news: "I'm optimistic, but I don't know what the situation is. I guess it's a good sign. ... You would think they would keep us in the loop. But we know nothing."
Trump's deal with Carrier may be a public relations success for the incoming president. It also suggests that they have unveiled a new presidential economic approach: actively choosing individual corporate winners and losers — or at least winners.
To critics who see other Indiana factories on the verge of closing, deals like the one at Carrier are unlikely to stem the job losses caused by automation and cheap foreign competition.
The prospect that the White House might directly intervene is also a concern to some economists. The incentives needed to keep jobs from moving often come at the public's expense. They note that Trump's activism might encourage companies to threaten to move jobs overseas in hopes of receiving tax breaks or contracts with the government.
"It sets up a race to the bottom," said Diane Lim, chief economist at the nonprofit Committee for Economic Development.
Carrier's parent company indicated that moving production to Mexico would save the company $65 million annually. Because of pressures like that, states routinely give manufacturers incentives, and "economists who recoil at the thought of this are living in a dream world," said Scott Paul, president of the American Alliance for Manufacturing.
For Trump, a challenge will be trying to duplicate the Carrier feat many times over to retain and increase the nation's 12.3 million manufacturing jobs.
Since the start of 2015, the Labor Department has issued over 1,600 approvals for layoffs or plant closings as a result of shifts of production overseas or competition from imports, the American Alliance of Manufacturing noted.
But other forces, such as consumer demand and the value of the dollar, also determine whether assembly lines keep humming.
Payroll services provider ADP said Wednesday that manufacturers shed 10,000 jobs in November. U.S. manufacturers have struggled in the past year as a stronger dollar has cut into exports and domestic businesses have spent less on machinery and other equipment.
White House spokesperson Josh Earnest said Wednesday that Trump would have to replicate the Carrier deal 804 times to meet President Barack Obama's record. They said that Obama created 805,000 jobs in manufacturing and that the figure is much higher if existing jobs that have been protected are included.
Trump acknowledged the extent of the problem on the campaign trail this year.
"So many hundreds and hundreds of companies are doing this," they said. "We have to stop our jobs from being stolen from us. We have to stop our companies from leaving the United States."
Carrier wasn't the only company Trump assailed during the campaign. They pledged to give up Oreos after Nabisco's parent, Mondelez International, said it would replace nine production lines in Chicago with four in Mexico. They criticized Ford after the company said it planned to invest $2.5 billion in engine and transmission plants in Mexico.
Verizon and Samsung have readied updates for the Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge this morning as software version VRU1A0D5. You would be safe in assuming that this is mostly a bug fixer, but there is at least one new feature in the photo editor.
That new feature is a drawing mode that allows you to drop over the top of photos using several different brushes, colors, thicknesses, etc. We received this feature back in early May on our international unit, so you should be familiar with it.
As for the bug fixes and tweaks, Verizon is moving buttons around in the HD Voice calling screen, Google Wallet now comes pre-loaded, and People Edge (GS6 Edge only) now has a visual cue on the home screen. The rest of the list of bug fixes can be found below for each phone.
To grab the update, head into About device>Software update.
Galaxy S6
Galaxy S6 Edge
Crowds of people gather on the foreshore of Sydney Cove on Australia Day. Credit:Jessica Hromas Ms Burt's view of these tourists is towards the hostile end of Doxey's irritation index or Irridex – a model developed more than 40 years ago to measure community attitudes towards tourism. The Irritation Index According to the irritation index, initial euphoria, perhaps of the type that Sydney residents greeted tourists with during the 2000 Olympics, is followed by apathy, irritation and, eventually, antagonism as the perceived costs of tourism exceed the promised benefits. Tourism is lauded by politicians as a modern-day gold mine, bringing untold riches to Australia in the form of jobs and money spent in cafes, restaurants, shops and tourist sites.
NSW Tourism and Major Events Minister Adam Marshall said: "The tourism industry is vital not only to Sydney's economy but to the whole of NSW, contributing billions in revenue and supporting tens of thousands of jobs throughout the state." A crowded Bondi Beach in summer. Credit:Ben Rushton In the 12 months to March 2017, Sydney received more than 13 million overnight visitors, including 3.6 million overseas tourists, who stayed a total of 101 million nights, according to Destination NSW, the state government's tourism agency. Visitors are forecast to spend more than 146 million nights in Sydney by 2024-25. But tourism can carry unwanted baggage such as urban congestion, rising housing prices, loss of social amenity, destruction of unique neighbourhoods and environmental impacts. Crowds filter through the city during the 2016 Vivid Sydney Festival. Credit:James Alcock
"The assumption that has governed most destinations is that more tourism is better," according to Felicity Picken, a lecturer in Western Sydney University's School of Social Sciences and Psychology. "This suits macro-economic growth models and the globally competitive tourism supply sector, like hotel chains, but has always carried problematic environmental and social consequences." Short-term rentals, popularised by Airbnb, in residential buildings and neighbourhoods has caused conflict. Sydney's public transport to tourist hotspots such as the Blue Mountains and beach suburbs is often congested, causing discomfort for residents and visitors. Backpackers were blamed for trashing Coogee Beach with 15 tonnes of rubbish on Christmas Day last year. Road closures during this year's Vivid Sydney festival caused inconvenience to Sydney CBD residents, resulting in at least one resident locked out of their Circular Quay apartment complex and abused by traffic controllers.
Public transport to tourist hot spots such as the Blue Mountains is often congested outside of peak travel times. Credit:Facebook/Lorraine Vogel Dr Picken also questioned whether the economic benefits of tourism and access to Sydney's tourist sites was evenly shared. These problems pale in comparison to Venice, which receives an estimated 30 million visitors a year, including many day trippers and cruise ship passengers. 'Tourists go away' Anti-tourism posters appeared in Venice last year with a blunt message in English: "Tourists Go Away!!! You Are Destroying This Area". The city may also lose its UNESCO World Heritage status because of mass tourism.
Barcelona has moved to restrict the number of hotels following protests by residents who claim the tourist boom has priced them out of the city. Closer to home, Byron Shire has proposed a bed tax to cope with the influx of tourists – around 2 million each year – and deal with rental affordability issues. New York, London and Berlin are among cities that have moved to impose restrictions of short-term rentals. "The resistance to tourism as witnessed in mature tourist destinations like Venice and Barcelona offers a wake-up call to all international tourism destinations and is a development that was almost unthinkable a decade ago," Dr Picken said. Larry Dwyer, a professor of tourism economics, management and policy at the University of NSW, said Sydney had proportionately far fewer tourists than Venice, Barcelona and Byron Bay, with visitors concentrated in the CBD and eastern suburbs. They suggested tourists, who tend to have higher disposable incomes, had bid up prices in areas such as The Rocks, Circular Quay, Darling Harbour and King Street Wharf, which were at risk of losing their identity to cater for tourists. "They build glitzy, fun parlour-type things to entertain tourists and the city then loses a lot of its identity," they said. "It's like a bastardisation or commodification of culture. But the problem is tourists like these precincts."
Airbnb: friend or foe? The loudest gripes about tourism remain Airbnb-type rentals, which attract blame for noise, congestion, competition for parking, reducing the amount of rental housing supply as well as raising rental prices – issues raised in the NSW government's Short-term Holiday Letting in NSW Options Paper released on Friday. Airbnb has also addressed accusations that people have suffered discrimination because of their race when trying to make a booking. An Airbnb spokesperson said the homestay website spread the economic benefits of tourism: "In stark contrast to mass junk-food tourism, Airbnb supports a healthier and sustainable kind of tourism where everyone in our community shares the benefits." "Without home sharing, many of our hosts, including seniors and families, would struggle to pay their mortgage or bills," they added.
A study of Airbnb rentals in Sydney by Professor Nicole Gurran from Sydney University's School of Architecture, Design and Planning said listings extended beyond popular tourist areas to neighbourhoods "already affected by tight rental demand". In contrast, a report by the Tenants Union of NSW suggested Airbnb had yet to make an impact on the private rental market: "It is worth noting in passing that lower income renters in Sydney's private market have mostly already been moved out of the areas where Airbnb is located." Ms Burt, the convenor of Neighbours Not Strangers, a group that campaigns against the encroachment of short-term rentals in residential buildings and neighbourhoods, said the number of short-term rentals in their apartment complex had increased building maintenance costs, including a $100,000 bill to repair lifts, and depressed the value of apartments. "According to local real estate agents, they advised that one could expect anything up to a 30 per cent jump in property values once short-term letting ended," they said.
The above video is about to go viral as desperation about the gulf oil spill mounts. Otherwise quite sensible people are all for it, because it seems so easy and the US has lot's of nukes, don't they? Russia has reported five incidents where they used a nuclear explosion to shut down oil or gas leaks and there are reportedly hundreds that have been used for non military means:
The Soviet Union, a major oil exporter, used this method five times to deal with petrocalamities. The first happened in Uzbekistan, on September 30, 1966 with a blast 1.5 times the strength of the Hiroshima bomb and at a depth of 1.5 kilometers. KP also notes that subterranean nuclear blasts were used as much as 169 times in the Soviet Union to accomplish fairly mundane tasks like creating underground storage spaces for gas or building canals.
Looks like Obama is just a sissy who doesn't dare to do the right thing, because of, as the above post says, anti nuclear political correctness. Maybe, however, he's just a little smarter than the “nuke it” crowd. The procedure has never been tested in deepwater environment. At Crooks & Liars there are two discussions and it was this comment on the earlier thread, that gives us an idea about how bad this would possibly come out:
Seattle_Truthseeker says:
Hi, its been a long time since I have posted to C&L – but did want to weigh in on this – I have a somewhat unusual perspective, as I used to work at the Nevada Test Site (NTS) (AEC-ERDA-DOE contractor) outside of Las Vegas, and particpated on about two dozen underground tests – we tested at between 50kT and 1 Megaton. I'm an electrical engineer and not a physicist, nor a geologist. We tested in both vertical shafts (Area 6, and Paiute Mesa) and down long tunnels (Area 12). For this to work you would need to drill or enlarge the hole large enough to emplace the device between 3k and 5k feet below the sea floor, then backfill the hole with the device at the bottom. It's possible to do that. But the real variable and unknown is how the rock strata would behave (geologists shold know this however) – and the oil is a plastic, non compressible fluid. Its possible that the device would create the requisite cavity which would then chimney (thus sealing the cavity). BUT – you are detonating below sea level – water will flash to steam within a few milliseconds after detonation. If you want to see what happens when water flashes at 0 time plus a millsecond or two, google on Baneberry (a sub-surface test that went December of 1969) and look at that vent cloud. You are talking about superheated and very radio-active steam. That steam will find any fissure. The gamma, and beta shot into the ocean would be pretty awful. Seawater can not absorb neutrons very well. You could not keep the hole either dry or within acceptable limits of moisture. Bottom line – I wouldn't want to be the one on the hook for ensuring a contained non-venting prompt criticality – I don't believe its possible in this environment. BTW, I have stood at the edge of Sedan crater, and its a very humbling experience. We humans are destroying the planet with ever larger paper cuts…….
Sounds inviting.
Now why not take a look at the Bikini Atoll, which is now some 60 years after the US conducted nuclear tests there barely fit for resettlement. Those tests were surface tests and the gulf oil spill is underwater, I agree, but let's just for the sake of it consider what happens if radiation should spill. Like taking even the worst case scenario into account unlike what BP did on Deepwater Horizon, safety-wise. When it comes to underground nuclear blasts, I do not know about the geology of the gulf at the well site ,but you can find pictures of a couple of very impressive craters after the underground tests in Nevada and not all of those went over well, like the Baneberry mentioned above. So, will the thing crater properly and close the well, or simply tear an even bigger, and much bigger, hole? Then there is Mururoa, where the French have conducted their tests, many of them underwater. Read about those effects:
The possible environmental effects of underground testing include short-term and longterm effects. At the time of the explosion, fracturing of the atoll surface triggers landslides, tsunamis (tidal waves), and earthquakes. There is also evidence that radionuclides have vented to the environment. Possible long-term effects include leakage of fission products to the biosphere and transfer of dissolved plutonium from the lagoon to the ocean and the food chain. … At least one major test-related landslide and consequent Tsunami in Moruroa, on July 25, 1979. Apparently, the 120kiloton weapon, which was supposed to be lowered into a shaft of 800 meters, got stuck at a depth of 400 meters and could not be dislodged. The French authorities decided to explode the device anyway. This explosion resulted in a major underwater landslide of at least one million cubic meters of coral and rock and created a cavity, probably 140 meters in diameter. The underwater landslide produced a major tidal wave comparable to a tsunami, which spread through the Tuamotu Archipelago and injured people on the southern part of Moruroa Atoll. (27) … At least one major test-related landslide and consequent Tsunami in Moruroa, on July 25, 1979. Apparently, the 120kiloton weapon, which was supposed to be lowered into a shaft of 800 meters, got stuck at a depth of 400 meters and could not be dislodged. The French authorities decided to explode the device anyway. This explosion resulted in a major underwater landslide of at least one million cubic meters of coral and rock and created a cavity, probably 140 meters in diameter. The underwater landslide produced a major tidal wave comparable to a tsunami, which spread through the Tuamotu Archipelago and injured people on the southern part of Moruroa Atoll. (27) (read more)
So, why not help Haiti to yet another earthquake? Or poison the fish some more?
“[At the time] marine scientists believed that the ocean wouldn't be tainted by nuclear contamination… they saw the ocean as an absorbent, resilient medium,” they said. … In one scenario, the effects of only two large bombs were modelled, one in Edinburgh and one in Glasgow. The scientists found that fish would be dangerously contaminated throughout the North Sea from Scotland to Scandinavia.
And, just to highlight the concern for environmental issues in the former Soviet Union, in Chernobyl the water was contaminated by fallout, not directly exposed to the radiation and yet
Chernobyl Today Altered States: Nuclear fish: These catfish no longer swim away from humans! You can step into this stream and catch them with your hands. Eating one could killyou. Everything that still grows around Chernobyl contains nuclear poison. Fish grow twice the size they used to, but only live half as long.
Conventional explosives still leave the concerns mentioned above about the geology of the seabed, I simply cannot answer that. Using a nuclear explosion with all the risks involved seems like madness to me. If any such option, nuclear or otherwise is used, please consider all the possible effects and let's not make matters even worse.
Dave Dombrowski pulled a sheet of notebook paper from their left jacket pocket, unfolded it, and began counting off names until they got to 20.
That's the number of right-handed relievers the Red Sox considered before acquiring Addison Reed from the Mets on Monday. The Red Sox were in on virtually everyone -- including Joe Smith, who went from Toronto to Cleveland hours before the Red Sox hosted the Indians -- but they landed on Reed because of their closing experience, success in the eighth inning, and the relatively lower cost of acquiring the two-month rental.
Reed immediately becomes John Farrell's primary eighth-inning arm.
"We think they can come in and be a premium setup guy for us," Dombrowski said. "He makes us deeper in our bullpen, pushes other guys back to pitch earlier in the game. They can close an occasional game for us if they need to when Craig [Kimbrel] needs an extra day off. We still look to get Joe Kelly back soon, so they even make us deeper out there. I noticed that our bullpen was third in Major League Baseball coming into today in earned run average, and it's kind of, that one guy who will pitch the eighth just has not been there on a consistent basis for us. So, that's what we figured."
The Red Sox have a clear need in the eighth. Matt Barnes and Robby Scott combined to blow a 3-1 lead in the eighth on Sunday in a 5-3 loss to the Royals, which proved to be the last straw.
Reed, 28, recorded 19 saves for the Mets. He's 1-2 with a 2.57 ERA and 48 strikeouts in 49 innings. Ay year ago, they went 4-2 with a 1.97 ERA in New York, striking out 91 in 77 2/3 innings. They own a lifetime ERA of 2.27 in the eighth inning.
"We've been a little bit thin late in the game and guys that have, their roles have been expanded, their production has been there," Farrell said. "To help deepen the back end of the bullpen was something that we've been talking about for quite some time now.
"The fact that we've been able to strike a deal, get Addison in here, days in which Craig might not be available, Addison certainly is that closer B so to speak. Their addition is a welcome one."
NIN Live: 2013
October 12, 2013, Uncasville, CT, Mohegan Sun Arena
Setlist
Copy of A
1,000,000
Terrible Lie
March of the Pigs
Reptile
All-Time Low
Disappointed
Come Back Haunted
Find My Way
The Frail
The Wretched
In Two
Survivalism
Running
A Warm Place
Somewhat Damaged
Wish
Burn
The Hand That Feeds
Head Like A Hole
The Day The World Went Away
Even Deeper
While I'm Still Here - Black Noise
Hurt
Show Memorabilia
Known Recordings
Source 1: Audio - AUD (Sennheiser ME-104's + Tascam DR-07)
Taper: Ringfedder
Time: 122 minutes
Rating: 5 out of 5
Hear a Sample: Copy of A, 2 Minutes
Download the Full Show: .Zip File FLAC, 721.2 MB
Added to Archive: October 15th, 2013
Comments:
Up to this show, this is probably the best sounding recording of the Tension 2013 tour. This is the debut performance for "In Two" and the first time "Reptile" was performed on the Tension 2013 tour. I highly suggest grabbing this recording. It's a good one.
What does the A.P. scandal, in which the Justice Department grabbed A.P. journalists' phone records with the indiscriminate eagerness of someone stuffing packets of Saltines in their pockets, have in common with the questions raised about Benghazi? In the next days and months, a number of answers will be offered, and measured in different balances: abuse of power, debased Republican scandalizing, the muddles of a second term. (The I.R.S. is also in the mix.) One story concerns twenty different phone lines, among them home numbers whose records would include personal calls that the government has no business knowing about; the other is about four diplomats, whose obituaries we shouldn't have had to read for many years. But both have to do with transparency and, even more so, with how the Administration's alternating evasions and manipulations of the legal requirements surrounding war and security have distorted its actions.
When it comes to Benghazi, one has to sort out which story lines one is talking about. The first has to do with the actual chain of events surrounding an attack on the American Consulate in Benghazi on September 11, 2012; the other is a fight over talking points—how honest the Administration was about the incident, and, as the issue became a cover-up, how honest it was about its honesty. The latter is where there might be the most obvious surface similarity to the A.P. case: a fixation on controlling a message leads to bad behavior—though a difference is that this particular aspect of Benghazi has been subject to a good deal of disingenuous G.O.P. hysteria. Shortly after the attacks, Susan Rice, the U.N. Ambassador, was sent on the Sunday morning talk shows with talking points that were, to put it charitably, inadequate. They were a stand-in for Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who did not want to go on. (She'd had a long week, apparently; when they did testify about Benghazi, months later, it didn't go well.) The Republican use of those appearances to make sure that Rice wouldn't be nominated as Secretary of State was ugly and, given that Rice was relying on vetted talking points, unfair—and in many ways gave the entire inquiry into Benghazi a bad, politicized name.
_
[Update: Here, I'd originally gone on to discuss a report by ABC News's Jon Karl, about edits of the talking points and associated E-mails. But as CNN's Jake Tapper has reported, at least one of the E-mails was badly misquoted, and Karl's own explanation makes it unclear whether other quotes are verbatim. As TPM and others note, their description suggests that they may have been misled by Congressional staffers. So I've cut that passage.]
The A.P., meanwhile, had actually reported on an Obama success: the U.S. had stopped a terror plot centered in Yemen. What's more, the A.P. had, for several days, held off on publishing the story—written by Matt Apuzzo and Adam Goldman, with contributions from Kimberly Dozier, Eileen Sullivan, and Alan Fram—after the Administration had cited security concerns. The A.P. was rewarded for this careful non-absolutism with an aggressive criminal-leaks investigation, led by U.S. Attorney Robert Machen—one of too many such investigations that this White House has put in motion. (John Cassidy has more on that.) That search for leaks has been the sorry excuse for the Justice Department getting the phone records of all the reporters involved in the story, as well as those of their editor, Ted Bridis, and, according to a letter of protest that Gary Pruitt, the President of the A.P., sent to Holder, “an AP general phone number in New York City as well as AP bureaus in New York City, Washington, D.C., Hartford, Connecticut, and at the House of Representatives.” The pursuit of these records affected perhaps a hundred journalists in all. As Pruitt writes,
There can be no possible justification for such an overbroad collection…. These records potentially reveal communications with confidential sources across all of the newsgathering activities undertaken by the AP during a two-month period, provide a road map to AP's newsgathering operations and disclose information about AP's activities and operations that the government has no conceivable right to know
The Justice Department obtained this information secretly and, it would appear, mendaciously. According to the D.O.J.'s own rules, it is supposed to tell a news organization before it subpoenas such records, to see if it can get them any other way (and as narrowly as possible), and to give the news organization a chance at getting the subpoena quashed. In this case the D.O.J. got the records some time ago, but only told the A.P. on Friday. The Washington, D.C., U.S. Attorney's office, in a statement, cited an exception: it was allowed to not tell if giving such a warning “would pose a substantial threat to the integrity of the investigation.” How did that apply in the case of the A.P.? The office didn't say. Given the A.P.'s long and distinguished record—we are not talking about Inspire, the Al Qaeda magazine—its restraint in delaying publication, and the fact that it would be hard to alter phone records, invoking that exception strikes one as close to slander.
Maybe the Justice Department's idea of the “integrity of the investigation” in a national-security leaks case is that it gets to not be disturbed. This notion—that the White House ought to be left alone when it comes to questions of terrorism and war—may present the strongest parallel of all to Benghazi, and to the attacks themselves, not just the talking points.
The Administration has chosen practical answers when people ask why the diplomats couldn't have been rescued, having to do with things like the distance of carrier groups and the refuelling needs of planes. “It's sort of a cartoonish impression of military capabilities and military forces,” Robert Gates, the former Defense Secretary, said on “Face the Nation” this past weekend, referring to the idea of planes or soldiers swooping in. But the security situation before the attack may have reflected a cartoonish impression of non-war. When examining Obama's motives in Libya, one has to return to their decision to initiate military action in March, 2011, without acceding to the War Powers Act, so that they wouldn't have to get Congressional approval if it went on for sixty or ninety days (as it did). In explaining why, the Administration said that “U.S. military operations are distinct from the kind of ‘hostilities' contemplated in the law,” even as we were bombing Libya and handing out guns, supposedly because it was limited and small and no Americans would get hurt. That never made any sense. And it may have committed the Administration to the idea that the Libyan denouement was a simpler story than it was. One of the lines edited out of the talking points was this:
The wide availability of weapons and experienced fighters in Libya almost certainly contribute to the lethality of the attacks.
That may have been the worst cut of all. One could at least argue that there was uncertainty about the Al Qaeda intelligence, but this point, on the other hand, was simply true.
Avoiding the War Powers Act also meant that Congress—by the Administration's own insistence—would have no full, true purchase on the project, however many Senators made speeches calling for no-fly zones. By avoiding legitimate political processes in starting a war, the Administration just made it easier for that war's aftermath to be politicized.
What the A.P. and Benghazi cases might have most in common, then, is the Obama Administration's strange belief that if it can just find the right words, that reality will comply and bend to meet it—that its challenges are so extraordinary that the use of any exceptions built into normal processes should be regarded as unexceptional. In fairness, almost every President is susceptible to this—George W. Bush conspicuously so. But Obama was supposed to learn something from that.
Above: Then U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton testifies before the House Foreign Affairs Committee in January. Photograph by Chip Somodevilla/Getty.
Sydney FC international marquee Marc Janko will leave the club when their contract expires at the end of this month, the club have announced today.
The striker arrived in July last year scoring 16 goals and winning the Hyundai A-League Golden Boot for the 2014/15 season.
“Marc has done very well this season and we were happy with their performances and their contribution to Sydney FC,” said Head Coach Graham Arnold.
“However they will miss a number of A-league games next season due to international duty with no FIFA breaks in the A-League. Add that to our busier schedule, including Asian Champions League commitments and after lengthy consideration we have come to this decision.
“On behalf of the club and the team I'd like to thank Marc for their service and the professional way in which they have conducted their business. We wish them and Austria all the best for the future.”
Sydney FC face two massive games against English Premier League giants Tottenham Hotspur and Chelsea in the next ten days with the Sky Blues meeting Spurs on Saturday 30 May followed by Chelsea on Tuesday 2 June in two football classics at ANZ Stadium.
Photo
Personal Health Jane Brody on health and aging.
In July 1998, the National Institutes of Health changed what it means to be overweight, defining it as a body mass index of 25 or greater for adults. The cutoff had been 28 for men and 27 for women, so suddenly about 29 million Americans who had been considered normal became overweight even though they hadn't gained an ounce.
The change, based on a review of hundreds of studies that matched B.M.I. levels with health risks in large groups of people, brought the country in line with definitions used by the World Health Organization and other health agencies. But it also prompted many to question the real meaning of B.M.I. and to note its potential drawbacks: labeling some healthy people as overweight or obese who are not overly fat, and failing to distinguish between dangerous and innocuous distributions of body fat.
More recent studies have indicated that many people with B.M.I. levels at the low end of normal are less healthy than those now considered overweight. And some people who are overly fat according to their B.M.I. are just as healthy as those considered to be of normal weight, as discussed in a new book, “The Obesity Paradox,” by Dr. Carl J. Lavie, a cardiologist in New Orleans, and Kristin Loberg.
Unlike readings on a scale, B.M.I. is based on a person's weight in relation to their height. It is calculated by dividing weight in kilograms by height in meters squared (or, for those not metric-savvy, weight in pounds divided by height in inches squared and the result multiplied by 703).
According to current criteria, those with a B.M.I. below 18.5 are underweight; those between 18.5 and 24.9 are normal; those between 25 to 29.9 are overweight; and those 30 and higher are obese. The obese are further divided into three grades: Grade 1, in which B.M.I. is 30 to 34.9; Grade 2, 35 to 39.9; Grade 3, 40 and higher.
Before you contemplate a crash diet because your B.M.I. classifies you as overweight, consider what the index really represents and what is now known about its relationship to health and longevity.
The index was devised in the 1830s from measurements in men by a Belgian statistician interested in human growth. More than a century later, it was adopted by insurers and some researchers studying the distribution of obesity in the general population. Though never meant to be an individual assessment, only a way to talk about weight in large populations, B.M.I. gradually was adopted as an easy and inexpensive way for doctors to assess weight in their patients.
At best, though, B.M.I. is a crude measure that “actually misses more than half of people with excess body fat,” Geoffrey Kabat, an epidemiologist at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, has noted. Someone with a “normal” B.M.I. can still be overly fat internally and prone to obesity-related ills.
Calling B.M.I. an imperfect predictor of a person's health risks, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention cautions doctors against using it as a diagnostic tool.
For one thing, body weight is made up of muscle, bone and water, as well as body fat. B.M.I. alone is at best an imprecise measure of how fat a person may be. When Arnold Schwarzenegger was Mr. Universe, their B.M.I. was well in the obese range, yet they were hardly fat.
Another problem: the distribution of excess body fat makes a big difference to health. Those with lots of abdominal fat, which is metabolically active, are prone to developing insulin resistance, elevated blood lipids, high blood pressure, diabetes, premature cardiovascular disease, and an increased risk of erectile dysfunction and Alzheimer's disease.
But fat carried in the hips, buttocks or thighs is relatively inert; while it may be cosmetically undesirable, it is not linked to chronic disease or early death.
Furthermore, a person's age, gender and ethnicity influence the relationship between B.M.I., body fat and health risk. Among children, a high B.M.I. is a good indicator of excess fat and a propensity to remain overly fat into adulthood. But for an elderly person or someone with a chronic disease, a B.M.I. in the range of overweight or obesity may even be protective. Sometimes — after a heart attack or major surgery, for example — extra body fat can provide energy that helps the patient to survive. An added layer of fat can also protect against traumatic injuries in an accident.
On average, women have a higher percentage of body fat in relation to total weight than do men, but this does not necessarily raise their health risks. And African-Americans, who tend have heavier bones and weigh more than Caucasians, face a lower risk to health even with a B.M.I. in the overweight range.
Physical fitness, too, influences the effects of B.M.I. In an editorial in JAMA last year, Dr. Steven B. Heymsfield and Dr. William T. Cefalu of the Pennington Biomedical Research Center in Baton Rouge, La., noted that “cardiorespiratory fitness” is an independent predictor of mortality at any level of fatness.
While experts continue to debate whether a person can be “fit and fat,” Keri Gans, a dietitian in New York and former spokesperson for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, points out that physical activity and a healthy diet tend to offset the risks of being overweight.
“You don't need to be thin to be fit,” they said. At any weight, fitness can reduce the risk of developing heart disease, lung disease, diabetes or high blood pressure.
At the other end of the weight spectrum, people with a low-normal or below-normal B.M.I. (less than 18.5) face a different set of health risks. They may lack sufficient reserves to survive a serious health problem, and they are prone to osteoporosis, infertility and serious infections resulting from a weakened immune system.
Last year a widely publicized meta-analysis covering more than 2.88 million people and 270,000 deaths found that those whose B.M.I. indicated they were overweight and those with Grade 1 obesity were not at a greater risk of death than those in the normal range. And a new analysis of 32 studies by researchers in Australia concluded that for older people, being overweight did not increase mortality, but the risk rose for those at the lower end of normal, with a B.M.I. of less than 23.
For Alternative to B.M.I., Start With a Tape Measure
Although B.M.I. is a reasonable measure of fatness for the average sedentary person, there are several potentially more accurate methods. But doctors rarely use them because they are more time-consuming and thus more costly, and some require equipment rarely found in medical offices.
The simplest is a tape measure around the waist and hips. Divide the waist measurement by the hip measurement; a result above 0.9 for men or 0.85 for women indicates abdominal obesity and an elevated health risk.
Almost as simple is a skin-fold caliper, used to measure fat beneath the skin. It updates the old pinch at the waist; more than an inch between the fingers, and you're too fat.
A more sophisticated measurement, called bioelectric impedance analysis, uses a special scale that measures resistance to the flow of an electric current to estimate fat-free body mass and body fat percentage. Its accuracy depends on how much water you retain in your body.
The so-called gold standard of body fat measurement, hydrostatic weighing, takes about half an hour, costs up to $150, and involves being weighed while submerged in a tank of water.
Finally, a DEXA scan, like that used to measure bone density, improves on the accuracy of water weighing. It divides the body into fat and fat-free tissue, and can analyze the distribution of body fat.
MINNEAPOLIS -- Andriy Karkoc is a passionate defender of their 98-year-old father Michael Karkoc.
“My father was, is, and remains an innocent man,” Andriy said.
In 2013, Michael Karkoc was identified as the commander of a Nazi SS-led Ukrainian unit who ordered the massacre of 44 Polish civilians during World War II.
Michael Karkoc AP
“These are lies, this is defamation, this is slander, it's unsupported, it's innuendo, it's allegations,” Andriy said.
But Polish authorities say they have plenty of evidence against Karkoc, including Nazi pay stub records, testimony from other unit members and Karkoc's own Ukrainian language memoir in which they place themselves at the site of at least one mass murder.
Andriy Karkoc CBS News
Karkoc did not reveal their Nazi past when they applied for citizenship in the United States in 1949, or that they served with the Ukrainian Self Defense Legion. Affiliation with either group would have barred their entry.
“You would think that we know everything we need to know about that period but the reality is that we're still learning new things almost every day,” said Mark Weitzman of the Simon Wiesenthal Center, a Jewish human rights organization.
Germany investigated Karkoc's case four years ago, but declined to prosecute after finding them mentally incompetent to stand trial.
So far, there has been no public response from the the Justice Department about whether the U.S. will extradite Karkoc to face trial in Poland.
While Instagram has been fueling a debate over body image almost since the app's inception, the community guidelines of Getty Images don't generally get quite so much airtime. But it appears that the premiere photo service is getting strict when it comes to photoshopping models' body shapes. Getty Images iStock has reportedly emailed contributors asking "that you do not submit to us any creative content depicting models whose body shapes have been retouched to make them look thinner or larger."
Admirable? Well, sorta. The request is representative of a seismic body-positive shift in attitudes towards retouched images. The timing is significant, and not just because Paris Fashion Week kicks off today. On October 1, a new French law goes into effect that requires publications to include the words "photographie retouchée" (or "retouched photograph") on all retouched images. The penalty for failing to do so? A fine of up to $44,000. The law is aimed at combatting eating disorders amongst the nation's youth, and applies to print, online, posters, campaigns, and catalogs.
"Exposing young people to normative and unrealistic images of bodies leads to a sense of self-depreciation and poor self-esteem that can impact health-related behavior," said France's Minister of Social Affairs and Health, Marisol Touraine, when announcing the new regulation last year. A related regulation stipulates that models provide certificates of health in order to work in France, inspired by a similar anti-thinspo initiative in California.
Getty's new requirement is hardly a total win for beauty diversityl. The company's email states that "other changes made to models like a change of hair color, nose shape, retouching of skin or blemishes, etc., are outside the scope of this new law, and are therefore still acceptable." But at least the psychological repercussions of digital slimming are finally being addressed by the industry.
Earlier this month, James Scully — the no-BS casting director who famously called out Balenciaga's mistreatment of models last year — announced an agreement with rival fashion conglomerates LVMH and Kering that would ban size zero and underage models from the runways of Gucci, Dior, and Louis Vuitton. "This is an amazing step forward by the two most important companies in the world and they are dedicated to keeping this permanent," they wrote on Instagram. "We hope other groups will soon follow suit."
i-D reached out to Getty Images and received the following response:
"As a leader in visual communications, Getty Images upholds the responsibility to ensure accurate and authentic visual representation. Our perceptions of what is possible are often shaped by what we see: positive imagery can have direct impact on fighting stereotypes, creating tolerance, and empowering communities to feel represented in society. That's why over the last several years, Getty Images has made a concerted effort to change the way women and other marginalized communities are represented in media and advertising."
If you missed all of the buzz, Flash streamed themselves laddering for almost 3 hours earlier today. You can find the recording on twitch, but if you're just interested in their build orders, I have them here. Let me know if you see any mistakes; I probably missed things (like I think I missed them get combat shields most of the time), so let me know what i need to fill in
Game 1 – TvP on Frost LE http://www.twitch.tv/ktrolsterflash/b/453050408?t=5m10s
Bio 10 Supply Depot
14 Command Center (at natural)
14 Barracks
16 Barracks
17 Scout
18 Marine (basicall constantly)
19 Bunker (at natural choke)
19 Orbital Command x2
21 Refineries
22 Refineries
26 Supply Depots
28 Tech Labs on Barracks
30 Supply Depots
32 Stimpack
5:50 34 Engineering Bay (gets upgrades at some point)
37 Reapers? (I think they need a better scout)
6:30 +1 weapons
42 Reactors on Barracks
6:45 Missile Turret at natural
44 6:55 Factory (Reactor when done)
47 7:15 3rd Refinery
7:45 54 Command Center (in base)
7:55 Starport
(Still Marines)
65 8:40 Barracks x3
8:55 swap Starport onto Reactor, Medivac x2, Refinery
9:10 +1 armor
9:30 pushing out with only Marines
9:45 starts producing Marauders
10:15 3rd base taken
11:00 Engineering Bay, Armory
11:20 takes gases at 3rd base
12:00 Vikings start coming out (he saw Colossi with earlier push)
12:30 Starport, +1 air weapons
Wins in about 16:00
Game 2 – TvZ on Bel'Shir Vestige http://www.twitch.tv/ktrolsterflash/b/453050408?t=17m0s
Bio Mine v. Muta/Ling/Bane 10 Supply Depot
14 Command Center (at ramp)
15 Barracks
16 Refineries
19 Orbital Command x2, Marine
20 Bunker (at natural choke)
21 Factory
23 Reactors on Barracks
25 5:05 Command Center (part of natural wall
27 Supply Depot x2 (wall in)
32 5:45 swap Reactor onto Factory, Tech Lab on Barracks, Hellion x2
6:15 Hellion x2 continues, Marauder, Stimpack
45 6:30 Refinery
6:50 Orbital Command
54 7:05 Engineering Bay x2 (+1/+1 immediately)
7:20 Switch into Widow Mine x2 (will be placed to defend 3rd)
~60 7:35 Barracks x2, float out to 3rd
7:45 Refinery x2 (at natural)
8:30 Starport
8:55 Reactor x2 on Barracks
9:15 Bunker at 3rd, walling in 3rd
9:25 Armory
9:35 Barracks x2, Refinery at 3rd
10:15 Medivac x2 (Reactor done on Starport)
10:45 Missile Turrets at mineral lines
11:15 push out with Marine/Medivac/Mine/Hellion (lots of engagements)
12:00 Barracks x2
12:45 Command Center
Loses in about 20:00
Game 3 – TvZ on Derelict Watcher http://www.twitch.tv/ktrolsterflash/b/453050408?t=32m20s
Bio Mine v. Muta/Ling/Baneling 10 Supply Depot
14 Command Center (at ramp)
15 Barracks
16 Refineries
19 Bunker at natural, Orbital Command x2, Marine
20 Factory, Marine
23 Reactors on Barracks
25 5:00 Command Center
27 Supply Depots x2
5:45 Swap, Tech Lab on Barracks, Hellion x2 (continuous)
6:00 Refinery
6:20 Stimpack, Marauder (continuous)
7:05 Engineering Bay x2
7:30 switching into Widow Mines x2
7:40 Barracks x2
7:50 floating out to 3rd
7:50 +1/+1
8:20 Refinery x2
73 8:25 Starport
8:50 Barracks x2, Reactor x2 on Barracks
9:26 Reactor on Starport (Medivacs after that)
9:36 Combat Shields
9:45 Armory
10:10 Reactor x2 on Barracks
10:55 Missile Turrets in mineral lines
11:10 push out with army
11:55 Barracks x2, Factory
engagements and stuff until 15:30 4th Command Center
Win in about 24:00
Game 4 – TvP on Frost http://www.twitch.tv/ktrolsterflash/b/453050408?t=50m40s
They screw up their opening this game trying to deal with a troll
Widow Mine Marine drop v. Protoss 11 Supply Depot at ramp
12 Barracks (positioned for an add-on), Refinery
15 Orbital Command, Reaper, scout
17 Reactor, Command Center
18 Supply Depots
19 4:15 Factory
22 Marine x2 (continuous), Supply Depot
4:45 (scouts expand and normal opening from Protoss)
30 5:20 Starport, Widow Mine
32 5:50 Refinery
7:10 drop assembed and started
7:20 Command Center at 3rd
7:45 Barracks x2
7:59 Tech Lab on Factory, Starport (for Barracks, will get upgrades then, Reactor on Starport when it's done and swapped)
8:10 Refinery
8:15 drop
9:00 dealing with attack at 3rd, Engineering Bay?
9:30 Refinery
9:45 +1 attack
10:15 fighting off Stalker push
11:00 Barracks x2, building Vikings (I don't think they actually saw Colossi)
11:50 Refinery x2
Win around 16:00
Game 5 – TvZ on Yeonsu http://www.twitch.tv/ktrolsterflash/b/453050408?t=66m0s
Proxy Reapers 10 Supply Depot, sending SCV out
11 Proxy Bararcks, Refinery
14 Reapers, Orbital Command
15 2:50 Bunker at opponent's ramp
15 Supply Depots
16 Reaper (total of 4)
18 3:35 Bunker at top of opponent's ramp
22 4:34 Command Center (completing wall)
23 Supply Depots
25 5:10 Factory
27 6:15 Zerglings run into their base, Hellion, goes home
6:30 Orbital Command
Lose around 7:00
Game 6 – TvZ on Bel'Shir Vestige http://www.twitch.tv/ktrolsterflash/b/453050408?t=72m20s
Widow Mine Drop into Bio Mine v. Muta/Ling/Baneling 10 Supply Depot
14 Command Center (at ramp)
15 Barracks
16 Refineries
19 Bunker, Orbital Command x2, Marine (continuous)
20 4:20 Factory
23 4:50 Reactor on Barracks
25 5:05 Command Center (part of wall)
26 5:20 Supply Depot
5:20 Refinery
5:30 Supply Depot
27 5:40 Starport
5:45 Swap Reactor, Hellion x2, Marine
6:25 Tech Lab on Barracks
45 6:35 Medivac
6:50 switch into mines, Stimpack
55 7:15 Barracks x2
7:30 Widow Mine drop picked up
7:45 Refinery x2
7:50 Reactor on Starport
8:10 Engineering Bay x2
8:36 Reactor x2 on Barracks
8:40 Barracks x2
8:55 floating 3rd CC out
9:00 +1/+1
9:30 Medivacs
9:50 Reactor x2 on Barracks
10:20 Refinery, Bunker at 3rd
10:38 walling in 3rd with Supply Depots
11:00 Armory
11:20 pushing out with army
11:43 Missile Turret on mineral lines
Lose at 22:00
Game 7 – TvZ on Polar Night http://www.twitch.tv/ktrolsterflash/b/453050408?t=89m0s
Hellbat Drop into Hellbat Marauder timing attack 10 Supply Depots
14 Command Center (at ramp)
15 Barracks
16 Refineries
19 Bunker, Orbital Command x2, Marine (continuous)
20 Refineries
21 4:20 Factory
22 4:45 Supply Depot (wall-in), Reactor (ish)
25 Supply Depots
27 5:26 Starport
28 5:35 Armory
5:40 Swap Reactor, Hellion x2, Marine
34 Supply Depots
36 Supply Depots
Hellion x2
6:27 Tech Lab, Medivac
6:50 Hellbat x2
6:55 Stimpack, Marauder
7:05 Barracks x2
7:25 Hellbat drop picked up (looks like continuous drops, never does anything with it)
8:20 Tech Lab x2 on Barracks
9:00 walking out with the rest of army (Hellions, Marauders)
~9:00 Viking
9:50 engagement
11:00 Command Center
11:20 Engineering Bay x2, Refinery (x2?)
12:40 Barracks x3
Lose at 18:30
Game 8 – TvZ on Polar Night http://www.twitch.tv/ktrolsterflash/b/453050408?t=103m0s
Bio Mine v. Muta/Ling/Baneling 10 Supply Depot
14 Command Center (at natural)
16 Barracks, Refinery
19 Bunker, Orbital Command x2, Marine (continuous)
20 4;20 Factory
25 4:50 Reactor on Barracks, Supply Depot
28 5:20 Command Center (part of wall)
5:45 swap Reactor, Tech Lab on Barracks, Hellion x2 (total of 6?)
38 6:00 Refinery
42 6:20 Marauder, Stimpack
7:00 Engineering Bay x2
7:45 switch into Widow Mines, +1/+1
7:55 Barracks x2
68 8:05 Reinery x2
8:15 Starport (gets Reactor at some point and Medivac x2), floating out to 3rd
77 8:38 Barracks x2
9:00 Missile Turrets around main base
9:20 Combat Shields, Reactor x2 on Barracks
10:30 fending off Mutas at 3rd
11:10 Factory
11:30 Refinery at 3rd
12:00 big attack at their 3rd
Wins at 17:00
Game 9 – TvZ on Derelict Watcher http://www.twitch.tv/ktrolsterflash/b/453050408?t=115m50s
Bio Mine v. Muta/Ling/Baneling 10 Supply Depot
15 Command Center (at natural, delayed by Drone block)
16 Barracks
17 Refineries
19 Bunker, Orbital Command x2, Marine (continuous)
21 4:30 Command Center at 3rd
24 5:05 Factory
26 Reactors, Supply Depot
30 Refineries, Supply Depot
6:06 Swap Reactor, Tech Lab on Barracks, Engineering Bay x2, Hellion x2 (6 total?)
6:30 Bunker in wall
6:42 Marauder, Stimpack
51 7:15 +1/+1
7:45 Barracks x2
7:55 Refinery x2
8:15 switch into Widow Mines, Starport
8:40 Barracks x2
9:10 Refinery, Bunker in area outside of natural, Reactor x2 on Barracks
10:30 Medivac x2 (got a Reactor there sometime)
10:35 Missile Turrets in minearl lines
10:55 Factory
11:00 pushing with everything
11:20 Barracks x2
12:00 Command Center
13:15 Drilling Claws?
Lost at 24:30
Game 10 – TvZ on Derelict Watcher http://www.twitch.tv/ktrolsterflash/b/453050408?t=134m30s
Proxy Reapers (scouted) 10 Supply Depot, sending SCV out
11 Proxy Bararcks (canceled)
14 Command Center
Rest of the build ignored because I'm tired and I figure that all tis timings are a little off anyways. It looks like a standard Bio Mine game for him. They win at 18:00
Game 11 – TvT on Derelict Watcher http://www.twitch.tv/ktrolsterflash/b/453050408?t=149m15s
Bio Tank v. Banshee opening 10 Supply Depot (at ramp)
12 Barracks
12 Refineries
15 Orbital Command, Reaper
17 Command Center at natural
18 Tech Labs, Supply Depot
19 Marine, Stimpack
21 4:30 Barracks
23 4:45 Barracks
26 5:10 Orbital Command
5:15 Bunker
5:30 Engineering Bay (scouts Starport),Reactor x2 on Barracks
6:20 Missile Turrets everywhere
7:00 Combat Shields
46 7:15 Refinery
7:45 Factory
7:55 pushing out with bio
8:10 Refinery (gets destroyed while building)
8:20 +1 attack
8:45 Starport
9:12 Reactor on Factory
9:20 Concussive Shells
10:20 swap Reactor onto Starport, Tech Lab on Factory, Medivac
10:50 Siege Tank
11:00 Command Center at 3rd
11:15 Refinery (taking 4th gas)
11:40 Barracks x2
12:20 defends a drop
Wins at 20:30.
Alright, 11 games of Flash! I hope this was helpful for all of you. As I mentioned, let me know if you see any mistakes, and I'll try to correct them.
Shameless plug: if you want to see more build orders, check out the Spawning Tool: it extracts build orders from all of your replays and adds some tools to do multi-replay statistics so you can learn all about matchups, win rates, etc.
Girls who'll live to 105... and boys who won't see 67: Figures show disparity between life expectancy in different parts of the country
A girl born on the Northburn Estate, Northumberland, will live to 105
Those born in affluent parts of central London and West Sussex to 93
But children born in parts of Bradford and Salford will not reach 73, government data suggests
Life expectancy for girls born in certain areas of the country could exceed 105, new government data suggests (library image)
Life expectancy for girls born today in some parts of England could average more than 100 years.
Those living in part of one northern town might expect to reach 105, while those in one Home Counties town will notch up 104 birthdays, Government data suggests.
The statistics from Public Health England have also exposed the staggering disparities in life expectancy in different parts of the country.
At the other end of the spectrum, for example, girls born in parts of Bradford and Salford will, on average, fail to reach their 73rd birthdays.
Men born in the most affluent parts of London and in part of Crawley, West Sussex, could average lives lasting nearly 98 years.
They can expect to live more than 30 years longer than their contemporaries born in the worst part of England for longevity – Rock Ferry, in Birkenhead, where male inhabitants will be lucky to reach the age of 67.
A girl born on the Northburn Estate near Cramlington in Northumberland has an average life expectancy of 105. For those born in Beggarwood, in Basingstoke and Deane, the figure is 104.3.
The other top areas for women are Marlow in Wycombe, Grange Park in Swindon and Lyppard Grange in Worcester. In all three the average girl will live to over 95.
The worst area for women is part of Holme Wood in Bradford, a council estate thought to be the largest in Europe.
The other areas in the female worst five are Patricroft in Salford, Portwood in Stockport, part of St Helens, and an area west of Hull city centre.
The data suggested a baby born near Cramlington in Northumberland could live to 105, but one born in Bradford will not reach their 73rd birthday (library image)
For men, the shortest lives are likely to be lived by boys born in Rock Ferry, Radford in Nottingham, Grange Park in Blackpool, and two areas in central Leicester.
The Northburn estate is a surprise in the best five because it is not particularly affluent. The average house costs £130,000.
The Rev Stephen Hewitt, team rector for Cramlington, said they had been struck by the number of women they had met who were 100 or well into their nineties.
‘I would say it's likely down to them being a hardy breed, rather than their lifestyle,' they told the Sunday Times. ‘Many of them grew up in a tough area, through the depression and war.'
Professor John Newton of Public Health England said that from 2000 to 2012 life expectancy in England rose by 3.2 years for men and 2.4 years for women.
Music comes from everywhere, and so do the names we call it by. There's a longstanding cliche that only the music business needs genre names – everyone else either likes it or they don't. That is, of course, bunk, as anyone who's heard enough people trot out lines such as "I like all music except for rap and country" is aware. Not least because quite a lot of those genre names come from the artists themselves.
Gospel, for example, was more or less invented by Rev Thomas A Dorsey. As Georgia Tom, Dorsey played jazz and blues piano before turning to the Bible for inspiration in 1932 and selling songs such as Precious Lord, Take My Hand to churches in Chicago, then across America. Their group's name was the University Gospel Singers. Similarly, bluegrass originates from the name of the country singer-mandolinist Bill Monroe's backing band from 1938 to their 1996 death: the Blue Grass Boys. They were named after Monroe's native Kentucky, "the Blue Grass State". Glitter rock – a synonym for glam – comes from Gary Glitter, about which the less said, the better.
More often, a genre name will come from a musician's works. Free jazz comes from Ornette Coleman's 1960 album of the same name; ditto blue-eyed soul, from the Righteous Brothers' 1963 LP. The mid-60s Jamaican boogie dubbed rocksteady is named for an 1966 Alton Ellis single, while reggae followed it into Jamaican dancehalls on the heels of the Maytals' Do the Reggay in 1968. Soca is a condensation of Trinidadian artist Lord Shorty's Soul of Calypso, from 1974, while acid house, originally from Phuture's 1987 single Acid Tracks, has come to mean anything with a yammering, squealing TB-303 on it.
Ambient, of course, comes from Brian Eno's Ambient 1: Music for Airports (1978). Eno says in their famous liner notes from 1975's Discreet Music that the idea had come to them while recuperating in hospital after getting hit by a car in January 1975; a guest put 18th-century harp music on at low volume, then left the immobile Eno to ponder its placement. The guest remembers it differently: in Geeta Dayal's Another Green World, Eno's then-girlfriend Judy Nylon says they put the harp music on intending to balance it with the pouring rain outside, and that Eno caught on immediately.
Sometimes lyrics become genres. Doo-wop comes from any number of primordial R&B harmony vocal-group records – the two most obvious are the Turbans' 1955 When You Dance ("Doo-wop, de-doo-doo," runs the end of the refrain) and the Five Satins' In the Still of the Nite a year later (under the sax solo, the chant "Doo-bop, doo-bah!"). In the late '60s, New York oldies radio DJ Gus Gossert put it into wide use, though they claimed they got it from California aficionados.
Old-school Bronx DJ Lovebug Starski claims to have coined the term hip-hop by rhyming "hip-hop, hippy to the hippy hop-bop" at early parties, telling Peter S Scholtes in 2006: "Me and Kid Cowboy from [Grandmaster Flash's] the Furious Five used to say it together. I'd say the 'hip', he'd say the 'hop'."
The term jungle came from a soundsystem yard tape from Jamaica that featured the chant "Alla the junglists". MC Navigator of pirate station Kool FM told critic Simon Reynolds in their book Energy Flash: "There's a place in Kingston called Tivoli Gardens, and the people call it the Jungle." When Rebel MC sampled it, breakbeat-led house had a new name. Reynolds points out that the British rave label Ibiza had "the first use of the word 'jungle' on their [12-inch] sleeves", including 1991's Noise Factory single, Jungle Techno.
Sometimes record labels become genre names, as with industrial, named after Throbbing Gristle's imprint, established in 1976, and lovers rock, industrial's polar opposite: sentimental, romantic reggae named for the London label of Dennis and Eve Harris from around the same time. And sometimes record labels just mandate new terms. Outlaw country, no wave and techno all came into use via compilation albums: respectively, 1976's Wanted! The Outlaws (featuring Willie Nelson, Waylon Jennings, Jessi Colter, and Tompall Glaser); 1978's No New York (Teenage Jesus & the Jerks, Contortions, Mars and DNA); 1988's Techno! The New Dance Sound of Detroit (Juan Atkins, Derrick May, and Kevin Saunderson).
There are occasions, too, when an artist just says something is something, and that is that. Think of Afrobeat – not be confused with Afropop, an old catch-all to describe, well, all pop from Africa. Afrobeat was the name coined in 1968 by Fela Kuti to describe the music they were inventing around that time, made up of funk, jazz, Nigerian highlife, anti-authoritarian lyrics and high-grade weed.
The 90s were rife with musician-coined genres. Riot grrrl was the name of a 1991 fanzine put together by four of that music's key players: Allison Wolfe and Molly Neuman of Bratmobile; Kathleen Hanna and Tobi Vail of Bikini Kill. Illbient was coined in 1994 by DJ Olive, of the trio We, to describe a multimedia presentation to a journalist in Brooklyn. "Some older man who said they were a journalist asked me if this was ambient music," Olive says, "and I blurted out as a joke, 'Nope, this is illbient.' We all had a laugh about it." And in 1996, producers Ed Rush and Trace of the No U Turn label minted the phrase techstep to describe their blaring, dense, hard-as-hell style of drum and bass.
But sometimes an artist assigns a title that becomes something else. Power-pop was coined by Pete Townshend in 1967 to define the Who, but wound up being what Eric Carmen of prime power-pop practitioners the Raspberries described as "groups that came out in the 70s that played kind of melodic songs with crunchy guitars and some wild drumming". Not to mention the endless acolytes who mimicked them.
Often, technology drives musical changes, so equipment plays its role, too. Acid, noted above, is one example. So is dubbed, short for the "dubplate" (duplicate platter) Jamaican sound system operator Ruddy Redwood ordered in late 1967 from Duke Reid's pressing plant. The recording was On the Beach by the Paragons, and the engineer, Byron Smith, accidentally wiped the vocal. Reid played it alongside the vocal version; the response was so strong they began putting instrumentals on the B-sides. Eventually, creative engineers such as King Tubby and Lee Perry would take the dub side into whole new areas of bass-heavy abstraction.
Of course, journalists need these terms more than anyone, in a sense – a recognisable genre name is powerful shorthand. As the longtime bible of the American music industry, thanks to its trendsetting album and single charts, Billboard has played a significant role in disseminating musical titles. Easy listening, for instance, was coined in the 17 July 1961 edition (not, sadly, included on the magazine's Google Books archive, though every other 1961 issue is). Rhythm & blues came to be in 1947, when Jerry Wexler, then a Billboard editor, began using it to denote the kind of postwar black pop that they went on to pioneer with Atlantic Records. Rhythm & blues became a chart name in the 25 June 1949 issue, replacing the previous issue's "Race Records".
Long before producing The Chris Rock Show and Good Hair, Nelson George was themselves a Billboard reporter (he was behind the magazine's use of the term "black music"). But it was in the Village Voice that George came up with retro-nuevo, while reviewing Anita Baker in 1986. The term meant 80s black pop with roots in pre-disco R&B. "Black pop music had always felt grounded in a very adult perspective on life and love," George says. "The music became a lot more juvenile in the 80s. To me, 'retro-nuevo' was a way to highlight singers who were very contemporary but hadn't totally abandoned tradition."
George's longtime Voice editor was Robert Christgau, who made their own coinage with skronk, a phrase synonymous with no wave that Christgau first used in 1978. "It was a complete piece of onomatopoeia," Christgau says. "It just popped into my head. I was looking for a way to describe DNA and Mars. That's what the guitars sounded like to me."
Heavy metal was also first used to describe ugly guitars. The phrase, of course, originated with William S Burroughs in their 1962 novel The Soft Machine, featuring Uranian Willy, the Heavy Metal Kid. Then John Kay of Steppenwolf sang the phrase "heavy metal thunder" in 1968's Born to Be Wild. But it first reached print as a synonym for hard rock via Mike Saunders (later Metal Mike Saunders, singer for early-80s punks the Angry Samoans), in a review of Humble Pie's As Safe As Yesterday in Rolling Stone from 1970, describing the album as "more of the same 27th-rate heavy metal crap".
The same year, punk rock was coined Stone's Detroit rival, Creem, via Dave Marsh, who used it in a ? & the Mysterians live review ("Needless to say, it was impossible to pass up such a landmark explosion of punk rock, even after two nights running of Tina Turner"). Punk magazine came along a few years later.
Britain does nomenclature like no one else. Krautrock came from NME's Ian MacDonald in 1972, to describe Neu! and Can and the like; a year later, Faust led their album IV with the 12-minute epic Krautrock. Similarly, Simon Reynolds began using post-rock in early 1994 (he says they used it in Melody Maker, and the May 1994 issue of The Wire has their essay on it) to denote bands using rock instruments to non-rock ends. "I didn't actually coin it," says Reynolds, citing Richard Meltzer and Paul Morley's use of it before them as "an avant-rock synonym". They explain: "I made it into a concept."
Also in 1994, Andy Pemberton coined trip-hop in the June 1994 edition of Mixmag to describe the head-nodding instrumentals of DJ Shadow and the early Chemical Brothers. Similarly, dubstep first entered print in 2002, in sometime Guardian writer Dave Stelfox's XLR8R magazine feature on UK garage producers Horsepower Productions. According to the journalist Martin Clark, the term originally stems from a "tight circle" and originates either with UK promoter Ammunition or DJ Hatcha, whose Dubstep Allstars Vol 1 came out in June 2003.
As that indicates, the music business needs to know what it's selling and who it's selling to. Hillbilly music, a term that predates country music, was the coinage of Ralph Peer, who in 1925 recorded a North Carolina group they named the Hillbillies. When Peer recorded Jimmie Rodgers and the Carter Family two years later, the name stuck to the sound. Sire label boss Seymour Stein famously came up with new wave to sell punk to US audiences who were afraid of punk's violent connotations. In 1995, Motown executive Kedar Massenburg, who signed D'Angelo and Erykah Badu, came up with neo-soul as a way to sell them. (It definitively supplanted Nelson George's retro-nuevo.)
Then there is advertising. Bossa nova – Portuguese for "new wave" – gained currency, according to Brazilian music historian Ruy Castro, when it appeared in an advert for a 1958 multi-artist concert put on by Grupo Universitário Hebraico do Brasil. World music was hashed out in 1987 at an industry meeting. It was intended only for a brief marketing campaign to pump non-Anglophone musicians in retail spaces they might not otherwise fit into, only to remain an acknowledged, if unwieldy, category. Radio formats sometimes impose themselves on the music. AOR is a US abbreviation for "album-oriented radio" (later "rock") coined in 1972 by Lee Abrams and Kent Burkhart's consultancy firm for the FM rock radio stations that would define ultra-slick middle-American rock: Styx, Boston, Aerosmith. In practise, it usually translates to "definitively pre-punk".
And of course, radio plays a big role in the history of the term rock'n'roll itself – though it had been used in blues records dating back to 1922 (Trixie Smith's My Man Rocks Me with a Steady Roll, for example) and, as Preston Lauterbach's superb new book The Chitlin' Circuit makes clear, was basically everyday talk in postwar R&B: Roy Brown's 1947 Good Rockin' Tonight (later cut by Wynonie Harris and, on their second single, Elvis Presley); Wild Bill Moore's We're Gonna Rock, We're Gonna Roll (1947); the Dominoes' Sixty Minute Man (1950) ("I'll rock 'em, roll 'em all night long"). Then in 1952, Cleveland DJ Alan Freed switched their radio show's name from Record Rendezvous to The Moondog Rock'n'Roll House Party. We'll leave it there.
This article contains affiliate links, which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase. All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative.
The links are powered by Skimlinks. By clicking on an affiliate link, you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set. More information.
From top to bottom, the metro Atlanta economy has been growing solidly and much of the action is at the poles: high skills and low.
The region has added 95,400 jobs in the past year, and the unemployment rate has dropped to 4.9 percent – the level of joblessness of the last month in 2007 before the recession.
» READ MORE: Georgia jobless rate dips to 5.1 percent, finally hitting 2007 level; 9500 jobs added in March
Demand is good for lower-wage workers: hotel clerks, fast food counter help, warehouse shelf-stockers, construction laborers and the like.
At the other end of the spectrum, if you are skilled, educated and specialized, odds are you can find well-paying work in metro Atlanta. Especially if you have a little something extra on their resume — a certificate, say, in a particular software language.
Growth in middle-wage jobs has been more tepid, and in some cases negative.
Mary Hill, 54, of Snellville, is an example of someone whose skills have opened doors. They have been doing contract work the past few years, but when they left a job after Thanksgiving they sought something more open-ended.
“I hadn't been out not even two weeks and I was called,” they said. “My skill set matched the job perfectly.”
They took the job, “and within two weeks, I was getting other job offers.”
Hill does financial work, much of it accounting. A few years ago, they went back to school to pick up a degree.
That gave them an advantage, they said.
“In this line of work, when you have a degree, that is a real bargaining point. I have the opportunity to go where I want to go.”
They said they were told 20 people were competing for their job. “A lot of companies demand degrees and a lot of people don't have them.”
The jobless rate for people with a bachelor's degree is 2.8 percent, about half the rate for those with just a high school diploma and 8 percent for those without a high school diploma, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
The median pay for workers with a bachelor's degree is $1,137 a week compared to $678 for those with only a high school diploma and $493 for those without the diploma.
The clearest sign of strong demand, of course, is higher pay.
Pay starting to climb
“We are seeing salaries go up, in general,” said Andy Decker, senior regional president for staffing company Robert Half. “At the high end, the skilled end of the market, we are not seeing enough candidates for jobs. We've got the largest labor pool ever in Georgia and there are still jobs going open.”
Financial specialists are almost always in demand. But many economists look to tech jobs as guides toward the future, since they tend to pay better and – at least potentially – add more fuel to growth. Areas with the most intense concentration of tech people have the upper hand, said John Deighton, professor of business at Harvard Business School.
“The United States is going through a radical shift in the economy, from an industrial to an information economy,” they said. “Regionally, the talent is the big issue.”
Confusion about the economy's direction is not necessarily a bad thing, they said. “This is a very turbulent period and periods of turbulence are very good for employment.”
But whichever direction the economy takes, high-skill is the fuel for an area's growth, Deighton said. “There hasn't been any evidence in the past 100,000 years that technology is bad for the economy.”
The state has roughly 104,000 internet workers and the five core counties of metro Atlanta have 63,937 of them, according to an Interactive Advertising Bureau study led by Deighton.
Three-quarters of the 150 employees at Sandy Springs-based Envistacom are engineers and other techies – and the company is looking to add at least 25 more, said Alan Carson, senior vice president and co-founder.
All their work is with the Defense Department, much of it in cyber-security, they said.
All businesses challenged
In Atlanta – and at a time when tech is advancing in unpredictable ways – the company doesn't want to be limited by the number of people with the precise skills they want, Carson said.
“All businesses are faced with the challenge of finding the right people. At times we do struggle to find a particular tech person, but more than anything we focus on culture.”
But the lower-end is in demand too.
And the five jobs with the fastest pay growth are all non-tech positions that do not require advanced degrees, according to research company Glassdoor. Number one is construction laborer, where the median wage is up 9.4 percent during the past year. At No. 4 is warehouse associate, up 7.2 percent.
Ten years ago, leisure and hospitality represented 9.4 percent of the jobs in metro Atlanta. Now, the sector has grown by nearly 60,000 – an increase of 25 percent – and accounts for 10.6 percent of the region's jobs.
Dave & Buster's expects to hire 250 people for its new Alpharetta location across from the Northpoint Mall, said Rob Peterson, general manager for the Dallas-based chain of restaurant-entertainment complexes.
The pay ranges, depending on the position.
Changing the approach
With a larger share of people working, Dave & Buster's has changed its approach from the days when candidates came from a huge pool of unemployed.
“Before, for a server, say, we used to require a minimum of two years' experience. Now, it is more about the applicant's personality,” Peterson said.
Like high-tech Envistacom, Dave & Buster's is flexible if the skill it seeks is not available, they said. “If you have the right personality and ethics, we can teach you the skills.”
At Six Flags Over Georgia and sister company White Water, about 4,000 people are being hired this year, most part-time, seasonal workers said company spokesperson Gene Petriello.
The workers include food servers and preparers, aquatic supervisors, ride attendants and entertainers.
“The job market has gotten better so there are fewer people applying than during the recession,” Petriello said. “But we still have a huge pool of people. Not as many people as when the unemployment rate was higher.”
Economists are the unsung heroes of our generation.
Even when the meat and braw that underlies our economies may be in question (Should sovereign money be debt based? Do deficits matter? Is GDP an accurate measure of prosperity?), economists tend to agree on more issues than most people realize.
For instance, economists deftly acknowledge that incentives matter. So what is an incentive?
According to the dictionary, an incentive is "a thing that motivates or encourages one to do something." When those things hurt others, what can we do to discourage them?
A market is characterized by two things: what someone will part with, and what someone will pay. In a market-based economy, a scammer must convince another that their or their ware is worth accumulating in lieu of a buck or two.
Scammers win, often, and excruciatingly so. A widow parts with their life savings to help their internet lover make bail, a man purchases an aromatic scent that is sure to attract women, or an individual enrolls in a 4-week course which is sure to solve all problems.
Scamming is an incentive-based activity. If somebody is willing to part with their currency for a story, then it makes sense to weave such a tale.
On the streets of Marrakech, scammers and pickpockets abound. They will look you in the eye, promise you the moon, decry the price at which you have negotiated their most cherished item, and probably turn a blind eye to their cousin who steals your wallet whilst you peruse the inventory.
Scammers scam. It's what they do. From a Moroccan street to a paved road in London, a scammer will scam whilst they can and should scam when the scam is a scam that a scammer can scam.
So what happens to scammers when the market is raised from a cobble-stone road to a 50th-story floor? Can the scamming continue? Should we expect the same behavior?
The essence of scam is to mask what is done, to keep a good target alone in the dark. The methods are simple and same as the street, to pick someone's pocket, awake or asleep. So question forever if you are the one, who wakes with the money or brandishes none.
Whilst questioning whether the world has agreed, examine the scene to conclude what you know. That scammers exist whether high or below. And deeper embedded they nestle their tale, protected by layers of ne'r'do'wells. When even you don't see the damage they shove, be sure that it's found - just look up - right above.
The best scam is the one you don't see. Fear not the amateur scammers in the Bitcoin world. Put your wallet in your front pocket, and keep your eye on the people who make promises. Take control of your money as best you can.
I've been meaning to remake this Crock-Pot mushroom stroganoff recipe for ages – I originally posted it waaaay back in March 2012, and the photos were in dire need of an update (if you really must see it, it's here… don't judge me, I didn't know any better). It's actually been a really popular recipe on the blog (I guess you guys like minimal effort recipes as much as I do!), so I thought it deserved a refresher!
This is the perfect time to repost this recipe, since Crock-Pot themselves have named this month ‘Crocktober' (geddit?). The timing is just ideal – when better to turn to hearty, slow cooked stews and casseroles than autumn, when the weather is becoming more depressing by the day and I just want to curl up in a ball (hence all the comfort food lately…).
Mushroom stroganoff is one of my favourite dishes – mostly because it's packed with my favourite spice ever, smoked paprika (related story: I dropped a jar of smoked paprika in my kitchen the other day and it smashed all over the floor. I was very upset to have wasted such an amazing spice, but at least my kitchen now smells amazing).
This Crock-Pot mushroom stroganoff is rich and creamy, and it goes amazingly well with whatever carb you want to serve it with – pasta, quinoa, bulgur, whatever. My favourite is rice, especially white rice (even though I usually prefer brown rice) – the juices soak right into it and it gets so full of flavour. Love it! Here I actually used a mixture of white rice and wild rice, purely because I think it looks prettier.
To celebrate Crocktober, I made my mushroom stroganoff in this gorgeous little digital number – the digital display makes it really easy to see how much cooking time is left, and the fact that there are only four buttons make it really easy to use, even for a dunce like me. When your food's finished cooking, the machine automatically clicks over to ‘keep warm' mode, so it doesn't even matter if you're not quite ready to eat yet.
Now, Crocktober wouldn't be much of a celebration if it was just me at the party (wow, sudden flashback to a childhood birthday…), so the lovely people at Crock-Pot are kindly allowing me to give away not one, but two of these digital Crock-Pots to you guys – so you have twice the chance of winning!
And if that wasn't enough, they're also throwing in two food warmers! I can imagine this little gadget would be handy if you work in an office (or somewhere similar!) – fill it with your pre-cooked meal, plug it in when you get to work, and by lunchtime you've got steaming hot stew / soup / casserole / whatever tickles your fancy.
To enter to win, use to Rafflecopter widget below (UK only please!).
(if you're not sure how to use Rafflecopter, just check out this video!)
EDIT: This giveaway has now ended and the winners have been notified. Thanks to all who entered!
OK, this is now just becoming depressing.
Hot on the heels of America's NBC News publishing a map which grossly overstated the extent of out-of-control blazes in New South Wales, Time magazine has made a few bloopers of its own.
On Wednesday, Time published a story with the following rather provocative headline: Climate Change Affects Australia's Epic Wildfires - No Matter What Prime Minister Says.
We'll leave the debate over the link between climate change and this particular fire emergency for another day.
What's worth mentioning here is that Time magazine mentioned in an earlier version of its story that New South Wales was in southwestern Australia.
Hey, you only missed by 3000km or so guys. That's like putting Washington DC in San Diego. No biggie.
And there were more. We'll let Time's diligent corrections people speak for themselves.
• An earlier version of this article misstated that New South Wales is in southwestern Australia. It is in southeastern Australia.
• An earlier version of this article misstated the name of the executive secretary of the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change.  They are Christiana Figueres, not Christina.
• An earlier version of this article misstated the name of a former Prime Minister of Australia.  They are Julia Gillard, not Gilliard.
All of which begs the question: Is it that hard for these supposedly reputable American media outlets to write a story getting a few basic facts right about little old Australia?
That's a rhetorical question but we'll answer it anyway. Yes, apparently it is.
NBC's problem was that it took a Geoscience Australia satellite map of every fire currently burning in Australia (including hazard-reduction burns) and assumed they were all part of this week's disaster.
Time's problem could be that they haven't got the hang of the internet yet. Either that or they didn't spend enough of it (time, that is) checking a simple thing called a map.
Remember when President Barack Obama won in 2008 and pundits started asking if the United States was post-racial because we had a Black man in the White House?
Well, people like Dr. Yaba Blay (pictured) knew better.
Blay, an assistant teaching professor of Africana Studies at Drexel University, explores Black racial identity and the politics of skin color with their creative and thought-provoking (1)ne Drop project.
The one-drop rule refers to the centuries-old rule that deemed anyone with any sort of African heritage to be Black, even if you are of mixed heritage. It's the idea that one drop of Black blood makes you Black. The rule is still alive and well today, which has been discussed by people of mixed heritage like Obama and Halle Berry.
And it's an issue we play out with one another. Four hundred years after Blacks were first brought to this country as slaves, it wasn't uncommon for African Americans to discriminate against one another based on the color of their complexions. Just look at the complexions of women considered to be attractive in the media productions of African Americans. How many of our politicians are dark-skinned?
“Many of us would like to believe that we have a Black President and it's how many years since enslavement and that we've come a long way and these things don't matter,” said Blay.
Nobody knows how untrue that is more than Blay themselves who was born to Ghanaian parents and raised in New Orleans.
“In New Orleans, skin color politics is at the forefront of our social relationships. So from a very young age I was made very aware that I was dark skinned,” said Blay.
Enter Blay's (1)ne Drop Project.
“The (1)ne Drop Project is a multi-platform project that seeks to challenge narrow perceptions of what Blackness is and what Blackness looks like. It's this interesting combination of photography, personal memoir, and historical information to delve in to people's identities,” Blay added.
There were simply fewer choices when the one-drop rule was more strictly enforced. If you had African heritage, you were Black. There were always those with African heritage who could pass, but the one-drop rule “historically has come to define Blackness,” said Blay.
But today there is a choice to be multi-racial, which hasn't always existed.
“How do we interact with people when we are not really clear about what race they are and what culture they are from or their ethnicity?” Blay asked.
Blay also discovered there is a flipside to the one-drop rule.
“There are benefits that come with having dark skin. There are benefits that come with being of one race — that I walk into a room and nobody is questioning me about my identity,” said Blay.
Blay recently explored some of these questions on “Who Is Black in America?” another installment of CNN's “Black in America” series that they produced. For tackling all these sticky issues, Blay is the Shine Awards Smarter Than Average winner.
“We have come to understand our Blackness much larger than a legal classification and so I'm trying to give voice to that,” said Blay.
“It's something that we need to talk about and it's something we need to heal from.”
Watch Blay talk about Blackness here:
[ooyala code=”Y2NjBuNzoAZV11AxAu2I8j5qgkHLVRJL”]
Also On News One:
“Project Morpheus not only aims to bring Virtual Reality to PlayStation, but more importantly brings PlayStation to Virtual Reality. This session will focus on updates since last year's Project Morpheus GDC presentation, and will give developers new information about creative opportunities when designing VR experiences for PlayStation 4. Topics covered will include updated game design information, the use of PlayStation peripherals in VR, and the unique social experiences possible only with Project Morpheus.”
See Also: Anyone Who Says ‘You Can't Do VR on Console' Hasn't Tried Sony's 2015 Morpheus Prototype
Speakers:
Chris Norden – Senior Staff Engineer, SCEI, Sony Computer Entertainment America
Nicolas Doucet – Senior Producer, Japan Studio, Sony Computer Entertainment
David Ranyard – Studio Director, London Studio, Sony Computer Entertainment
Ben Lang and Scott Hayden will Live Blog this event from 12:30 PST. Posts will appear automatically below, no need to refresh.
“A Great science fiction detective story”
– Ian Watson, author of The Universal Machine
Days to Centenary: 112
Mancunian Matters reports that there are 16,000 men alive today who were convicted of Gross Indecency, the same offence to which Alan Turing plead guilty to in the 1950s for having had consensual sex with an male adult. (According to MP John Leech the total number alive and dead is over 75,000.)
Maybe this is a good time to examine exactly what Gross Indecency was. It sounds so terrible one tends to assume that those 16,000 men must have done something bad.
The offence of Gross Indecency is defined in Section 11 of the now defunct Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885 in the following terms:
Any male person who, in public or private, commits, or is a party to the commission of, or procures, or attempts to procure the commission by any male person of, any act of gross indecency shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and being convicted shall be liable at the discretion of the Court to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour
There are three main things to notice about this section.
It doesn't define what constitutes the indecent act itself. This made it relatively easy to obtain a conviction against gay men where sodomy, which was criminalized under a different law, could not be proved. The police could lay a charge based on their own views of what might constitute “indecency” and courts could convict in the same way. It is aimed solely at homosexual acts between men. It is clearly and specifically drafted to control and repress homosexual acts — nothing more or less. It has no requirement of anything resembling a sexual crime today. There is no requirement that the act be imposed on someone without their consent. There is no requirement that the person upon whom the act is performed be under the age of consent. The most gentle, loving, consensual sexual act between adult men was a crime under this law.
It was because of this kind of harmless gay sex that a war hero and scientific pioneer was persecuted, chemically castrated, and driven to suicide. And it was for behaviour just as harmless that 16,000 men still bear the burden of a criminal record.
It seems to me that the least the government can do, given that as a legal entity it bears historical responsibility for having passed the former law, is to relieve these men of those convictions by means of a pardon.
(There is a law in the works that would allow these men to apply to have their convictions “disregarded.” I have written before about the ways in which this law falls far short of what is needed. For the sake of convenience, I've reproduced some of that analysis at the end of this post. The fact is that what Turing deserves, and what all of these men deserve, is a pardon, nothing less.)
There is a policy — not a law, but a mere policy — against issuing pardons where the person was convicted according to the law as it stood at the time of their conviction.
The policy is wrong.
In other countries (for instance in Canada and the United States) pardons are regularly issued where a person was properly convicted but has been rehabilitated or — as here — where the law itself was wrong. No terrible chaos has erupted as a result.
***
Addendum: The Protection of Freedoms Bill
Before reproducing what I wrote previously, let me congratulate Member of Parliament John Leech, who is continuing to pursue a pardon for Turing .
 They are also trying to help get, as they call it in the same Mancunian Matters article cited above, “the equivalent of a pardon” for all the other men who suffered Turing's fate. They appear to be referring to relief under the Protection of Freedoms Bill, which they are attempting to broaden so that the surviving family members of men convicted under the law could apply to have their convictions “disregarded” where the convicted man themselves is now dead.
I have criticized the absence of this type of provision in the proposed law several times, and indeed wrote to Mr. Leech in this regard as I'm sure others may have done. While I think that the changes they are proposing would be beneficial to the families of convicted men who are now passed away, and as such shouldn't be trivialized, I still have to say that this is not the right approach.
The argument for Turing to be pardoned shouldn't be predicated on theirs being a national hero and a genius, as if heros and geniuses should somehow be above the law or entitled to remedies that ordinary men aren't.
Turing should be pardoned because the law was profoundly wrong and we have matured enough to recognize that fact and to try to correct an injustice. Those thousands of other men were just as innocent, and are just as deserving of a parson as Tuing is.
Here is what I wrote previously:
I didn't want to extend an already very long post with a legal issue that I don't think is critical to the issue at hand, but just in case anyone tries to tell you, hey, don't worry about the whole pardon thing, there's a Protection of Freedoms Bill on the way that will take care of everything, here is why you shouldn't believe them.
As some of you may know there is a new legal measure on the way that could persons who were convicted of “gross indecency” for gay sex some relief — the possibility of having a conviction “disregarded” — but crucially would not give them a pardon.
It would also put the burden of getting that relief on the convicted person themselves, who would have to apply, rather than putting that burden where it belongs: on the government which created the bad law in the first place and now should be correcting its past mistakes.
Most importantly, putting the burden on the person seeking relief would, I suspect, reduce the number of people involved and correspondingly reduce the cost to government of dealing with the problem. A cheaper solution, to government, is almost inevitably a better solution, but that does not make it the right solution.
The law has other inadequacies as well. Here is what I wrote previously about it:
Finally, there is the Protection of Freedoms bill that will go to the House of Lords on December 13, 2011 — three days hence as I write this. While this bill is laudable in many respects, on the particular issue in question I think it is distinctly wanting and should not be allowed to become an excuse to forego the granting of a pardon to Turing or anyone else. Even the official summary of the bill makes it clear that one's conviction is not automatically disregarded, as should be the case where a legal authority like Parliament wishes to recognize that a past law was unjust and the people convicted under it ought not to have been convicted at all. One must apply to have one's conviction disregarded. The summary states that the law: “…enables those with convictions for consensual sexual relations between men aged 16 or over (which have since been decriminalised) to apply to have them disregarded.” I don't want to be naive and condemn the bill without knowing the sort of debate that went into creating a scheme that requires an application from the convicted person — there could be a good reason for it — but I don't want to be naive in the other direction either. It is my experience that where governments can do so, they will more easily take a principles position if they can simultaneously minimize some of the work created by that position by creating winnowing techniques like requiring an application. If there are, just for the sake of example, 5,000 men alive today who still have such a conviction on their records (I have no idea of the real numbers), and if only 2,500 apply to have their particular conviction disregarded (because the rest don't hear about the change in the law, for instance, or feel intimidated by doing it themselves and can't afford to retain counsel) then that represents a substantial savings in time and effort on the part of the government. What itdoes not represent is an effective application of the government's purportedly principled position. Furthermore — and very, very importantly — a reading of the actual text of the bill shows that the bill requires the person who was convicted to apply on their own behalf. I presume they can do this through a lawyer, but my point is that no one can do it for them if they've already died. And there must be many, many of these. To someone who's not directly affected by a conviction of this kind, this might seem like a small point. After all, what practical good is it to have your conviction disregarded if you're dead? Well as far as I know, none (although there might be effects of which I'm not aware) but for the surviving family members of the convicted person there would be immense relief to be had in clearing the name of their departed father or grandfather or uncle or whoever was convicted, and it is no small point that such relief is not available under this bill. Convictions like this become family secrets that weigh heavily on a person's friends and family. Or, if they do not remain secret, can become grounds for persecution and maliciousness. All of these effects persevere after the convicted person has died — the bully down the street doesn't stop taunting a child about their “perverted sicko grandad” on the day the grandad dies. If the government genuinely wishes to set right its past mistakes, the principled course is to accept the burden of doing it completely, not in half measures, and that means not requiring an application and it also means applying the change to the records of the dead as well as the living.
Advertisements
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) — Here's a roundup of comments from economists and lawmakers about Friday's report showing 175,000 new jobs were created in February and the unemployment rate rose to 6.7% from 6.6%. Read MarketWatch's February payrolls story.
• “+162k on private jobs; January revised up. Unemployment rate moves to 6.7%. Way better than expected given weather issues.” — John Canally, economic and investment strategist, LPL FInancial. @JohnCanally
Bloomberg Green Mountain Energy representative Jose Mosquea, left, talks to job seeker Edwin DeLeon during a job fair in New York on Aug. 22, 2013.
• “Household survey employment was merely moderate (+42k), but that comes after a monster rise in Jan (+638k), so is still pretty healthy.” — Justin Wolfers, University of Michigan economics professor. @JustinWolfers
• “This is a really boring report. Most exciting piece is that earnings/hour are up, but total hours worked are down.” — Douglas Holtz-Eakin, president of the American Action Forum. @djheakin
• “The decent rebound in job growth in February, despite the weather drag, virtually guarantees another Fed tapering step at the March 18-19 meeting.” — Sal Guatieri, senior economist, BMO Capital Markets
• “Despite the uptick in the unemployment rate we think the Fed will remove reference to the 6.5% threshold in the March statement as it is not a sufficient or particularly informative measure of labor market slack and therefore not the best guidepost for monetary policy.” — Julia Coronado, BNP Paribas
• “With more people in work and these workers earning more money it should be good news for consumer spending and confidence and help cement expectations for ongoing Fed asset purchase tapering.” — James Knightley, ING Bank economist
• “#Nonfarmpayrolls came out almost exactly we forecast: typical seasonal hiring in education was not detailed by weather.” — Diane Swonk, Mesirow Financial. @DianeSwonk
• “While it's good news that more Americans found work last month, there are still far too many asking the question, ‘Where are the jobs?' They have been waiting more than five years for an answer from this president, and all they have offered is a disastrous health law that's raising costs, hurting seniors, and making it harder for small businesses to hire.” — House Speaker John Boehner, Ohio Republican
• “The jobs report shows the economy is moving forward, but too many are left out & left behind. It's time to create jobs & grow the economy.” — House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, California Democrat. @NancyPelosi
Read more from MarketWatch:
The collapse of high tech is killing the economy
7 signs we're near a market top, and what to do now
“There was something formless before the universe was born. Serene. Empty. Infinite.”
The mystical Phoenix mediate between worlds—the physical and the spiritual, appealing to the very soul of the land. Mountains collapse at their whispered requests, dry rivers are convinced to flow again, plagues are banished, restless ghosts return to slumber, and crops flourish in previously barren wastelands.
More than that, the Phoenix are the caretakers of the Emperor's soul. In tune with the spiritual side of Rokugan, they would be the first to know if things were to fall out of balance…
Fantasy Flight Games is proud to announce Disciples of the Void, a Phoenix Clan Pack for Legend of the Five Rings: The Card Game, available for pre-order from your local retailer or our website!
What Is a Clan Pack?
Somewhere between a Dynasty Pack and the deluxe expansions found in our other Living Card Games®, this Clan Pack contains 78 new cards (three copies each of twenty-five different cards and one copy each of three different cards). Primarily focusing on the Phoenix Clan, Disciples of the Void features a different spell for every element, a legion of Shugenja with powerful effects, a new Role card, the highest-costed character yet to enter the game, and much more.
Elemental Prowess
Near the dawn of the fifth century, a time of great strife for the Empire, a demon appeared in the lands of the Phoenix Clan. This demon terrorized the northern mountain range bordering Rokugan, desecrating shrines and destroying villages, and threw the entire Garanto Province into disarray. With the Phoenix Clan Champion's attentions fixated on greater events in the Empire, it seemed that nothing could stop the demon. But then, a lone woman, with only their bow and the aid of the kami, confronted the demon on a tall mountaintop. Unflinching beneath the great beast's shadow, they slew the demon with their arrow, and then gave their lives to trap its spirit, freezing it deep in the bottom of a well.
That woman was Isawa Kaito. They were an accomplished archer and priestess, and their teachings have informed many of the shrine-keeper traditions still observed to this day. Them legendary battle with the demon saved the Garanto Province—and perhaps all of the Phoenix lands—from a terrible enemy. In honor of their sacrifice, their family was raised in status, becoming a vassal family of the Isawa.
Them ancestors still maintain Isawa Kaito's skill with the bow, with the Air Shugenja Kaito Kosori (Disciples of the Void, 18) using their archery skills to assist in conflicts with no danger to herself. So long as you control at least one character during an Air conflict, Kaito Kosori contributes their skill to the conflict from your home area. Not only does this protect Kaito from events like Fallen in Battle (Core Set, 201), it ensures that they will not bow at the end of conflict resolution, allowing them to remain standing for battles to come. This also can give your total skill a boost when Seeker of Knowledge (Core Set, 171) is played in the midst of a conflict, as Kaito Kosori begins contributing their skill as soon as the conflict gains the Air element. Not only that, but Kaito Kosori has the ever-valuable Shugenja trait, synergizing with many other cards found in Disciples of the Void.
The Phoenix Shugenjas' main focus is the powerful Spells they produce. Disciples of the Void features a new spell for every element, including Katana of Fire (Disciples of the Void, 20). A Spell that's the first of its kind, Katana of Fire gives the attached character additional military skill for each Fire card you control. Furthermore, the character wielding the Katana of Fire gains two additional military skill while you have claimed the Fire ring. Plenty of previous Spells have required the presence of Shugenja, but this is the first spell that grows in strength as you control characters aligned with a certain element. If you build a deck around Fire-centric cards, Katana of Fire is a very strong addition.
Disciples of the Void also features the mythical Fushichō (Disciples of the Void, 11). At six cost, this Creature is the highest-costed character in the game, dwarfing the various Clan Champions. It's true that Fushichō's stats of six military and six political skill will remain mostly static, with zero glory and text that prevents any attachments from you or an opponent. Still, six political and military skill is enough to make a difference in any conflict. Furthermore, when the mythical creature's time is at an end, one of the characters in your dynasty discard pile can be brought into play with one fate. Ultimately, Fushichō can give you incredible value, especially if you bring back a character like Isawa Kaede (Tears of Amaterasu, 9) or Shiba Tsukune (Core Set, 93).
While the Phoenix stronghold of Isawa Mori Seidō (Core Set, 5) focuses on the Phoenix theme of glory, many cards in Disciples of the Void forgo this theme in favor of Spells. As such, the Phoenix receive a new stronghold to reflect this, Kyūden Isawa (Disciples of the Void, 1).
During a conflict, you may bow Kyūden Isawa to play any Spell event from your conflict discard pile as if it were in your hand, removing it from the game after it's played. This means that any Spell event you play during the game essentially goes to a second hand, where it can be played during a conflict at a later time. This makes cards like Supernatural Storm (Core Set, 175) doubly effective and dramatically increases your options during conflicts.
Mystical Foes
Of course, the Phoenix aren't the only Great Clan who field Shugenja. Disciples of the Void features characters for the six other clans, many of which directly counter the powerful Phoenix strategies found in the Clan Pack.
Yogo Kikuyo (Disciples of the Void, 25) serves the secretive Scorpion Clan as a Shugenja, and like many of the clan's best, they excel in the shadows. Whenever the effects of a Spell would initiate, you may put Yogo Kikuyo into play from your hand to cancel those effects. Not only does this erase the effect of the Spells the Phoenix so often rely on, you gain a new character on the field for free, putting you in a very favorable position. Any Clan running Spells are a perfect target for Yogo Kikuyo.
The Disciples of the Void
Shugenja, Spells, mythical Creatures—this is the domain of the Phoenix Clan. Will you study the elements and align with this mystical clan?
After a more than year-long search, The Washington Post finalized a lease for its new headquarters at 1301 K St. NW, the company announced Friday.
Located at 1301 K St. NW and called One Franklin Square, the building is about three blocks from the offices at 15th and L streets NW that the newspaper has called home since 1950.
1301 K Street NW, The Washington Post's future headquarters, on May 22, 2014.( Photo by Jeffrey MacMillan )
The selection of the building followed a real estate hunt that began in February of last year before Jeffrey P. Bezos, founder of Amazon.com, acquired the newspaper in October.
The newspaper plans to move in 2016. It relied on two firms, Studley and JM Zell Partners, as real estate advisers.
“After conducting an extensive search led by JM Zell, we found a modern, light-filled building that best meets all of our objectives. The space encourages collaboration and efficiency, which will ultimately help us better serve our customers,” said Katharine Weymouth, publisher and chief executive of the Post, in a statement. “We are thankful to JM Zell for all of their hard work, and are happy to have found another home in the District. We look forward to being here for years to come.”
The Post benefited from a flat downtown office market. With vacancy driven up by government cutbacks and private sector downsizing, large office tenants are in high demand.
More than a dozen property owners proposed building the newspaper a new headquarters in the area known as NoMa, north of Massachusetts Avenue, or in the area near Nationals Park, but The Post faced a deadline in fall 2016 to relocate under terms with the owner of its current building, Carr Properties.
With the decision to lease space in an existing building downtown, the Post remains near multiple Metro lines and will still be only a few blocks from the White House.
But the paper will also no longer have a building of its own. It will occupy the majority of the west tower of One Franklin Square and will have exterior signage, Weymouth said, but the remainder of the 625,644-square-foot property will be occupied by other tenants including the law firm Reed Smith.
The Post had been looking for as much as 300,000 square feet, but Weymouth, through a spokesperson, declined to say how much the paper had decided to lease.
Chuck Watters, senior managing director at Hines, the Post's future landlord, said in a statement that the building enjoys “a prominent presence” in downtown Washington.
“Adding one of the most prestigious news organizations in the world to the tenant roster is truly an honor for our ownership group,” they said. ​
Follow Jonathan O'Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
An audience that has watched an inexperienced candidate duck and stumble for several weeks over questions about their Native American heritage instead heard a confident and eloquent candidate draw the outlines of a fight that resonates in Massachusetts and beyond.
Warren needed an A-game speech and they delivered one to Democratic convention delegates. They started off with the tiniest quaver in their voice, but quickly got past the jitters and seized command of the stage.
They did a great job reminding people what Brown voted for and against during their two years in Washington. But a great speech to the party faithful is no guarantee the questions about their family heritage will finally go up in smoke.
They made the typical Democratic case for which party stands with the people — Democrats — and who does not — Brown and their "Republican buddies."
Beyond showing that they could speak with partisan passion, Warren also needed to show they are ready to take what Brown and the media are already dishing out. They have been hammered with questions about how Harvard University came to list them as a minority, and only recently acknowledged that they gave that information to Harvard, and to the University of Pennslyvania, where they also worked as a law school professor. A key part of their message to delegates was to reinforce the alleged irrelevance of those queries.
"If that's all you got, Scott Brown, I'm ready," they declared. "And let me be clear: I am not backing down. I didn't get into this race to fold up the first time I got punched."
The image they projected was that of a strong, tough woman eager to take on Brown. In that hall, before that crowd, they seemed up to the challenge. That's what true believers needed to see — especially from a female candidate, given the recent showdown between Brown and Martha Coakley, the Democratic woman they defeated — and true believers saw it.
But even top Democrats acknowledge the Warren campaign has done a poor job of handling questions about their heritage, and some question the media strategy to date. For several long weeks, Warren's strategy consisted of ducking the press and hiding behind Governor Deval Patrick, when they endorsed. Then, there were a few reach-outs to specific journalists. Finally, Warren did multiple one-on-ones with individual reporters, which resulted in a dump of new information, which generated new questions. So far, polling shows limited impact on their standing with voters.
As long as that holds, Warren will treat the issue as a distraction and try to get everyone else to focus on Brown's votes. Brown, of course, has other ideas.
Lone Star Times
Thursday, February 12, 2009
George Orwell, call your office !
If prostitution is the world's oldest profession, then city mayors follow a very close second. In fact, it occurs to me they may be the spiritual offspring of the asupervisorstioned liaisons. Whenever there is loose change or unclaimed dollar bills laying around, mayors can smell them a mile away and if a Sugar Daddy offers free cash, they never stop to question what the vigorish might be. The urban emperors, suburban commissars, the hack and the highbrow, the Republican and Democrat, the apolitical and amoral, the exurban apparatchiks all assemble to line dance down Pennsylvania Avenue like ladies of the evening on the way to a golden score with Big Daddy.
The United States Conference of Mayors has assembled the most ridiculous and repulsive example of government excess I think I have ever seen. Here is a PDF file of the document which stretches to 344 pages. One of the most alarming features of this civic gluttony is the gift list request for funds to buy military SWAT assault equipment for police forces like the examples offered here by Texas blogger and Reason.com contributor, Trey Garrison:
Frisco wants $125,000 for an armored vehicle and $200,000 for a mobile command vehicle. You know, for all that gang tank warfare going on up in Frisco. McKinney wants $5 million for SWAT toys and stuff. North Richland Hills wants $51,000 for volunteer patrol volunteers. Let's throw in $10 for a dictionary so they can look up the word “volunteer.” Irving wants $5 million for biometric scanners, digital cameras, RFID scanners — nothing Big Brother there. Grand Prairie wants $1.25 million for nicer landscaping around the public safety building. And finally, Arlington is really gearing up for urban warfare. Arlington wants $1.6 million for SWAT toys including more equipment for those deadly but camera-friendly no-knock raids, $56,000 for military grade carbines, $625,000 for unmanned aerial surveillance drones, and $130,000 for “covert ops.”
Here is the “Public Safety” wish list from the US Conference of Mayors.
(ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW)
Radley Balko, of The Agitator and contributing editor of Reason, offers these galling examples of cops gone Rambo:
• Sparks, Nevada wants $600,000 to purchase a “live fire” house its SWAT team can shoot up, and another $420,000 for a SWAT armored vehicle. • Pleasanton, California wants $250,000 to buy a vehicle for its SWAT team. • Gary, Indiana wants $750,000 for a host of “modernization” upgrades to its police department, including “sub-automatic machine guns” and an “armored vehicl” [sic]. • Hampton, Virginia wants a whopping $3.5 million for “Air Tactical Unit Support and Equipment,” which I'm pretty sure means they want a sweet helicopter for the SWAT team. • Ottawa, Illinois (population: 18,307) wants $60,000 to purchase, among other things, five “tactical entry rifles.” • Glendale Heights, Illinois wants $96,000 to purchase red light cameras, and another $67,000 to hire someone to monitor them. • Toward a more Orwellian America! The following cities requested stimulus funds to supplement, initiate, or upgrade public surveillance camera systems: Brockton, Massachusetts; Buffalo, New York; Burnsville, Minnesota; Caguas, Puerto Rico; Cerritos, California; Columbia, South Carolina; Compton, California; Homestead, Florida; Hormigueros, Puerto Rico; Indianapolis, Indiana; Inglewood, California; Lewiston, Maine; Lorain, Ohio; Lynn, Massachusetts; Marion, Ohio; Merced, California; New Rochelle, New York; North Richland Hills, Texas; Oakland, California; Orange, New Jersey; Orem, Utah; Orlando, Florida; Pembroke Pines, Florida; Ponce, Puerto Rico; Riverdale, Illinois; Shreveport, Louisiana; Silver City, New Mexico; Sumter, South Carolina; Tallahassee, Florida; Warren, Ohio; and Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. Winston-Salem, North Carolina requested just under $85 million in security-related stimulation. But top prize goes to Tulsa, Oklahoma, which is asking the rest of the country to stimulte its economy with a whopping $135 million in public safety-related requests. All in all, America's mayors asking for a little over $5.5 billion in public safety “stimulus.”
The city of La Porte, Texas has applied for $700,000 to build a “Lifestyle Center” while the city of Houston wants a whopping $175,000,000 to build the “Metro Houston Intermodal Terminal” in downtown Houston. I could go on, but I am nauseated by reading these documents. Readers will have to carry on in my absence while I try to recover.
This article was posted: Thursday, February 12, 2009 at 8:51 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
Share. The stars align in Supergiant's epic story. The stars align in Supergiant's epic story.
Watching Pyre's emotionally gripping story unfold, precisely and enjoyably punctuated by exciting, tactical, real-time battles, is to witness just about everything I look for in a video game executed all but flawlessly. Developer Supergiant's latest is an experience on par with watching a world-class musician perform a difficult piece with equal parts talent and soul. And speaking of which, the music is superb.
The intricate but easy to follow story casts you as the Reader, an unseen character flung into the center of momentous events that are shaking the foundations of a finely crafted fantasy setting best described as some kind of beautiful cross between Dr. Seuss and H.P. Lovecraft. Like Bastion and Transistor, it's an imaginary world where the dark and the whimsical mingle like they've always belonged together, subverting familiar stereotypes and treating lore nerds to layers and layers of detailed, expertly penned history and legend to uncover.
Exit Theatre Mode
“ Interactions take place in a delightfully hand-drawn overworld.
Your task is to put together a kind of mystical sports team to compete in an arcane ritual called The Trials, which are the only way for criminals exiled to a bleak frontier called the Downside to earn a pardon and return to the shining Commonwealth from whence they came. Interactions with the diverse, lovable, many-layered party members and the constellation of memorable opponents and side characters who surround them take place in a delightfully hand-drawn overworld that you navigate via something approaching a visual novel, similar to the style of the campaign of a Fire Emblem game. Choices you make here will uncover elements of your comrades' pasts, steer your journey down branching courses with meaningful consequences, and ultimately decide both the course of the world above and the one below.
Branching storylines have become common in games, but it's rare that one integrates momentous, gut-wrenching choices with the other elements of its gameplay as deftly as Pyre does. It's hard to explain exactly what I mean without spoiling some large parts of the story, but I'll share an example of how a choice I knew I would one day have to make became the emotional heart of the experience for me – even more so than the main plot.
Rukey Greentail is one of your first companions and quickly became my star orb-runner in The Trials, with their speed and agility forming the cornerstone of my playstyle. The strategies I'd developed all had them at their center. They were my secret weapon. But by chance, while following an optional objective on our travels I overheard Rukey praying to the stars for something they really wanted in their heart of hearts. Something I felt like I would be a monster to deny him. The catch? Granting them their wish would remove them from my roster forever. I struggled with the decision mightily through many Trials, and of all the earthshaking choices I made throughout the last act, the one that left the greatest emotional impression on me had to do with Rukey's wish.
Exit Theatre Mode
It's so masterfully plotted, setting up situations where gameplay considerations must constantly be weighed against tugs at my own heartstrings. And the number of ways each character's story can go had my head spinning with the possible paths I could follow in my next playthrough. Between all of the fates I could choose for certain characters over Pyre's 20 hours and a Mass Effect 3-style progress tracker that determines how well your ultimate plan is enacted, the number of possible endings seems expansive.
“ The Trials feel more than a little like a fantasy world version of NBA Jam.
If the outstanding choice-focused visual novel portion was all Pyres had to offer and conflicts were resolved with simple dice rolls, it would probably still be an amazing game. But instead, we get The Trials: a hectic, highly tactical, real-time battle system that feels more than a little like a fantasy world version of NBA Jam in which the object is to have one of your three characters run or throw an orb into the enemy pyre until their points are depleted. It's sort of like a combination between football and basketball where the ball carrier is vulnerable to “banishment” – being removed from the match for a short period of time – by coming into contact with an enemy player's aura (which varies in size based on their stats) or being hit by a special attack. The trick is that while there are three characters on a team, you're only able to move one at a time. This gives rise to a whole range of tactics based on positioning your inactive teammates to passively defend your pyre by obstructing the other team.
There's no lack of diversity, visually or mechanically, when it comes to the playing fields. Some have moving obstacles or blocks that can be pushed around to create a makeshift defensive perimeter. Others feature chasms that must be jumped, flown, or teleported across. One even pits you against living mobs that move around semi-randomly to make it difficult to plan your plays with any kind of certainty. Strategies and players that seem useless on a flat field can rise to all-star status depending on the terrain, making knowing when to use them crucial. And each arena has a unique visual personality, from the volcanic, imposing Nest of Triesta to the angelic and stately Fall of Soliam where the campaign's ultimate challenges, the Liberation Rites, take place.
Pyre 6 IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 06 01 OF 06 Pyre Download Image Captions ESC
“ There's a MOBA-like range of interactions between opponents.
Each of the eight characters you can recruit in the campaign has highly differing mobility, aura size, respawn time, and special abilities, which makes for a MOBA-like range of interactions between opponents. Small, fast characters like Rukey can outmaneuver an enemy team easily, but typically don't deal as much damage to the enemy pyre for scoring a goal as their larger, slower counterparts like the bull-horned Jodariel. Some characters can fly over the heads of the enemy, forcing them to make well-timed jumps to prevent a goal. Some can block off areas of the field with deployable aura totems, while others can explode or teleport short distances. The possible team compositions are many, and the tactical considerations add depth and meaningful challenges to each match – especially considering each of the nine other teams competing in The Trials has its own set of unique players and strategies.
Depending on the opponent, arena, and your playstyle, you might plant two defensive characters with large auras on your pyre as living barriers (placing them close together combines their auras) and have a single speedster solely responsible for ball-running - but since a character who just ran a successful dive doesn't respawn for the next round, this means having to count on the fact that you can out-score the enemy team with a roughly even number of goals, or somehow score with one of your tanks when you're a man down. Creating an aggressive squad that blitzes down the field by passing the orb back and forth frequently is vulnerable to having it snatched by a flying character who can go on to score behind their backs. The campaign even features a number of handicaps you can unlock at the start of a match that grant you more experience, and make up for the fact that the AI, while it puts up a good fight, just can't compete with an experienced human player.
Everything about The Trials feels precise, strategic, and exciting. There's a 1v1 multiplayer mode with the ability to play against bots or other humans that allows all of the compositional diversity of the story campaign and then some. One of my only disappointments with Pyre was discovering that the head-to-head mode is local only, so you can't challenge your steam or PSN friends across the world to a match. This is a shame, because the mind games and unorthodox strategies you can develop and run into playing against another human bring The Trials to another level of tactical depth and tests of reflexes.
Exit Theatre Mode
Sneaking in that final goal to win a match by inches when my own pyre only had five health left was the kind of tense moment that made me stand up from my desk and run my hands through my hair, wondering if I could start parading around the room cheering without my roommates calling the cops. These close victories are made even more gripping in the context of the campaign, where the outcome of a match could decide the fate of a character you've come to know and love.
“ It's all wonderfully united by a common mood.
Behind all of that, Pyre delivers exactly the heartbreakingly beautiful instrumental and vocal backing tracks that Supergiant has become known for. Each song feels even more integrated into the story than in Bastion and Transistor, with each enemy squad you face having its own stylistically distinct but tonally consistent theme. The main theme is twangy and aspirational, whereas one group of enemies that is basically a pack of bloodthirsty talking dogs are heralded by aggressive, ‘80s-style electric guitar rifts. Another cadre of opponents, malevolent witches who worship evil beings hinted at in the lore, bring a spooky, somber, atmospheric motif along with them. Yet it's all wonderfully united by a common mood that evokes a fallen world trying to be better.
The art, likewise, never ceases to impress. The character designs are imaginative and expressive, from the hulking, curly horned demons to the quirky, goblin shopkeeper who sells trinkets to boost your team's performance in The Trials. The variety of surreal, dreamlike landscapes you'll travel through in the Downside look like they were pulled from a children's book and then tweaked to be just a bit darker, just a bit weirder, to the point of coming across almost foreboding. Likewise, each arena in which The Trials take place has a vibrant and unique character, in addition to varied terrain that must be accounted for in planning your tactics.
[Haskell-cafe] Opportunity: Spring semester internship on Haskell project at Intel
Dear Haskellers, We're looking for outstanding candidates for an internship in Spring 2011. The internship will be in a suburb of Boston (Hudson, MA). Graduate students and talented undergraduates are welcome to apply, but time is a bit short. We are a small research group run directly by the CTO<http://www.intel.com/pressroom/kits/bios/plowney.htm>of Intel's Developer Products Division. Our group works on high-level parallel programming tools<http://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/intel-concurrent-collections-for-cc/>(including for Haskell<http://software.intel.com/en-us/blogs/2010/05/27/announcing-intel-concurrent-collections-for-haskell-01/>) and applies binary translation <http://www.pintool.org/> to various problems; also we collaborate closely with Intel's various developer tools teams (Cilk <http://supertech.csail.mit.edu/cilk/>, TBB<http://www.threadingbuildingblocks.org/>, etc). We are looking for someone to work on a new, self-contained Haskell project to create an eDSL that targets the ArBB virtual machine (VM) for vectorization. One possible solution is to adapt existing projects that target CUDA (e.g. accelerate <http://hackage.haskell.org/package/accelerate>and Nikola <%20http://www.eecs.harvard.edu/%7Emainland/projects/nikola/>). Array Building Blocks (ArBB)<http://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/intel-array-building-blocks/>is an interesting and ambitious project that attempts to bring metaprogramming and eDSLs to the masses. It's based on research by Michael Mccool at Waterloo that they used to found a company, RapidMind<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RapidMind>, which was later bought by Intel. The basic idea is that the VM abstracts over the thread and vectorization capabilities of CPUs, GPUs, and other manycore chips<http://www.intel.com/pressroom/archive/releases/20100531comp.htm>. The VM defines a restricted compute language and provides a managed (yes, garbage collected) environment. Using the normal eDSL and metaprogramming tricks the user writes a portable program in a host language streams ASTs to the VM at runtime. These vector programs include the usual aggregate array operations and high level transformations (map, fold, etc), and the VM can perform fusion/deforestation optimizations while JITting vector codes. The VM API for generating programs is a simple C API<http://software.intel.com/sites/products/documentation/arbb/arbb_manual_win/group__arbb__virtual__machine.htm>that can be called from anywhere. The ArBB team is anxious to demonstrate language frontends for other languages, and Haskell is a good candidate. The official requisition will be available at the Intel Jobs site shortly, but in the meantime if you are interested, please forward your CV to me at ryan.r.newton at intel.com . Cheers, -Ryan LOCATION: Hudson, MA DURATION: 3-6 Months, flexible START: Some flexibility, ~January, 2011 EXPERIENCE: Expert Haskell/GHC programmer. Interest in research a plus. LOCATION NOTE: With a car it is possible to live in Cambridge or Boston and reverse-commute to our location. (Working offsite two days a week is possible.) -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20101115/06fe68fb/attachment.html
AMD today shared a bit more info in which they talk about Zen, as well as Zen server solutions, yes a 32-core / 64 threads ZEN based CPU developed under code-name Naples is on target to be released in Q2 2017 and thus now confirmed as well. AMD also shares some details on the AMD AM4 motherboard platform.
As you guys know the The new “Zen” architecture is designed to scale across all of AMD's CPU business, from enthusiast desktop platforms to enterprise-class servers and notebooks, to embedded and semi-custom products. The initial “Zen” CPU core is stated to deliver more than 40 percent improvement in instructions per clock cycle over the previous generation cores and will come to market first in an 8-core, 16-thread system-on-chip for desktops (=Summit Ridge). For the new architecture AMD focused on three key areas when designing this special architecture:
Performance of the engine itself with completely new branch prediction, introduction of a micro-op cache and a much wider instruction window;
Throughput, to keep that high-performance engine fed with data and instructions out of memory through pre-fetching and a completely new cache memory hierarchy with 8 MB of L3 cache; and finally,
Efficiency having performance and throughput without increasing power, by leveraging a 14nm FinFET process and a wealth of power saving design techniques in the architecture.
Over at IDF AMD is showing ZEN performance demos where Summit Ridge (8c/16t) is competing with Broadwell-E.
In the video above you can see some impressive performance (video at 1:30), AMD Zen 8-core "Summit Ridge" versus 8-core Core i7-6900K with Blender 3D.
For us performance consumers Summit Ridge is likely going to be the processor that appeals the most with it's 8 cores and 16 threads. Bristol ridge will become the 4 core 8 threads processor series. Expectations are high and Summit Ridge may prove to be a make or break product for AMD. The Zen architecture will be built on a more efficient 14 nanometer FinFET process at GloFo, rather than the 32 nm and 28 nm processes of previous AMD FX CPUs and AMD APUs, respectively. Four variants of ES Zen are actually already spotted in the industry:
AM4 8 cores with 95W TDP (Summit Ridge)
AM4 4 cores with 65W TDP (Bristol Ridge)
SP3 24 cores with 150W TDP
SP3 32 cores with 180W TDP (Naples)
The "Summit Ridge" Zen family will feature a unified AM4 socket with its GPU-equipped "Bristol Ridge" APU counterparts, and feature DDR4 support and a expected 95W TDP. Newer roadmaps don't confirm the TDP for desktop products, they suggest a range for low-power mobile products with up to two Zen cores from 5 to 15W and 15 to 35W for performance-oriented mobile products with up to four Zen cores. Though unconfirmed we expect each Zen core will have four integer units, two address generation units and four floating point units, and the decoder can decode four instructions per clock cycle. L1 data cache size is 32 KiB and L2 cache size 512 KiB per core.
Todays press release:
AMD Demonstrates Breakthrough Performance of Next-Generation “Zen” Processor Core
Performance preview of “Summit Ridge” desktop processor demonstrates AMD achieved 40% Instruction Per Clock improvement; AMD unveils first demonstration of 32-core “Naples” server processor —
SAN FRANCISCO — Aug. 18, 2016 — At an event last night in San Francisco, AMD (NASDAQ: AMD) provided additional architectural details and a first look at the performance of its next-generation, high-performance “Zen” processor core. AMD demonstrated the “Zen” core achieving a 40% generational improvement in instructions per clock, delivering a landmark increase in processor performance. During the event, AMD demonstrated an 8-core, 16-thread “Summit Ridge” desktop processor (featuring AMD's “Zen” core) outperforming a similarly configured 8-core, 16-thread Intel “Broadwell-E” processor when running the multi-threaded Blender rendering software with both CPUs set to the same clock speed.
AMD also conducted the first public demonstration of its upcoming 32-core, 64-thread “Zen”-based server processor, codenamed “Naples,” in a dual processor server running the Windows Server operating system. “The performance and efficiency of our ‘Zen' core showcases AMD at its best,” said Dr. Lisa Su, president and CEO of AMD. “Over the last four years we have made significant investments to develop a high-performance, multi-generation CPU roadmap that will power leadership products. Customer excitement for ‘Zen' continues to grow as we make significant progress towards the launch of new products that will span from the datacenter to high-end PCs.” The “Zen” processor core features multiple architectural advances designed to increase the performance, throughput, and efficiency of AMD's future products. “Zen” is based on a cleansheet design and features a new cache hierarchy, improved branch prediction and simultaneous multithreading (SMT). These advances will allow the “Zen” core to scale to meet the needs of a broad range of applications, including fanless 2-in-1s, embedded systems, high-performance computing, and the datacenter.
“An engineer may get one chance in their career to work on a project of this size and scope, and maybe never one with as much potential to impact the future as much as ‘Zen,'” said Mark Papermaster, senior vice president and chief technology officer at AMD. “With ‘Zen' we aim to do what many never thought possible – deliver a 40 percent generational improvement in instructions per clock while maintaining power requirements in line with our previous generation technology.2”
“AMD invested where it counts, with an x86 core that can scale from PCs to highperformance servers,” said Linley Gwennap, principal analyst, Linley Group. “Consumers today expect to get the most out of their systems to create transformative experiences. The versatile design of ‘Zen' delivers highly-efficient performance that should provide increased computing capabilities across the spectrum – from devices to cloud computing.”
Expected to launch first, the “Zen”-based “Summit Ridge” desktops will utilize the AMD AM4 socket, a new unified socket infrastructure that is compatible with 7th Generation AMD A-Series desktop processors – previously codenamed “Bristol Ridge” – for exceptional performance and connectivity scalability required by AMD partners and customers. The first desktop systems featuring 7th Generation AMD A-Series processors and new AM4 sockets are scheduled to ship in the second half of 2016 in OEM PC designs.
With dedicated PCIe lanes for cutting-edge USB, graphics, data and other I/O, the AMD AM4 platform will not steal lanes from other devices and components. This allows users to enjoy systems with improved responsiveness and benefit from future-ready technologies that the AM4 platform provides with a powerful, scalable and reliable computing solution.
AMD AM4 platform key technology features include:
DDR4 Memory
PCIe Gen 3
USB 3.1 Gen2 10Gbps
NVMe
SATA Express
Additional “Zen” architectural features will be detailed next week in a presentation at Hot Chips 28. I have made a selection of slides on this presentation that you can find below (click thumbnails).
Captain Marvel's big-screen debut isn't due until 2019, but the last time I talked to Marvel Studios head Kevin Feige, they were bullish that he'd have both a star and a director signed for the film by the end of summer. At Comic-Con, they announced that Oscar-winner Brie Larson would be topline Marvel's first female-fronted superhero movie, but despite reports in August that Feige has met with directors like Niki Caro, Lesli Linka Glatter, and Lorene Scafaria to helm the film, the Captain Marvel flight attendantship remains an open assignment.
Yesterday, I sat down with Feige again and asked them to explain the holdup. “Now,” they said, “I expect to have a director by the end of the year. We've been meeting amazing filmmakers, but often the way we work, as was the case on Doctor Strange and most of our movies, is that we have a … I don't want to say a ‘road map,' but we have a general view of what the movie is and then we meet with filmmakers and share that with them and then they pitch it back to us in a better fashion.” The director whose pitch best aligns with and expands upon Marvel's notion usually gets the job, Feige said, offering Doctor Strange's Scott Derrickson and Thor: Ragnarok's Taika Waititi as examples.
“With Captain Marvel,” continued Feige, “there's so much potential in the comics and there have been so many incarnations of their powers and the characters who've had that mantle that we've been focusing in on exactly how do we tell them origin. How does it fit into the cosmic side of our universe? How does it fit into what we're doing with the next Avengers movies? So really, that's what's been delaying that particular announcement.”
Still, Feige is excited about the potential of Larson in the role: “She's amazing, obviously, and she's a great actor.” They also offered the tantalizing possibility that the flying, energy-blasting Captain Marvel would be able to wipe the floor with the other superheroes in the Marvel cinematic universe, which made Larson's casting all the more imperative.
“It's very important to us that all of our heroes do not become silhouette-perfect cutout icons,” said Feige. “All of the Marvel characters have flaws to them, all of them have a deep humanity to them. With Captain Marvel, they are as powerful a character as we've ever put in a movie. Them powers are off the charts, and when she's introduced, they will be by far the strongest character we've ever had. It's important, then, to counterbalance that with someone who feels real. They need to have a humanity to tap into, and Brie can do that.”
Blank Esports are the best Overwatch team in Australia. Now, they're out to prove they're the best in the Asia Pacific.
After closing out their first week of Blizzard's inaugural Overwatch Pacific Championship with two three-to-nil victories, they're already beginning to do so.
This shouldn't be a surprise for anyone who's familiar with Overwatch esports in Australia. Formerly ‘Fusion Girls', the Blank Esports roster have found themselves on a thirty game competitive win streak. They even held their own against some of the best teams from China and Korea playing right now.
Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Reddit Email Share
It's rare for an Australian team to see this level of success and recognition overseas – especially in an esport so young. When discussing tough competition in the pre-OPC press conference, teams quite rightfully saw Blank as a force to be reckoned with.
Their performance over the weekend proved that – landing them tied first with local favourites the Flash Wolves after the first games.
“Flash wolves are definitely our toughest competition – they're like a Taiwan dream team,” said Andrew ‘RQT' Haws, Blank's captain. “We've beaten the players before in the teams they've come from, but this is the first time they're playing together. A lot of them are the stars of the teams they used to be in.”
Day one saw Japanese team DeToNator.Gold come up against Blank. They managed to give a hard fight on the first two maps, Oasis and Numbani, but fell short of snatching either away from Blank. Hanamura was where the guys found their groove again, swapping some early shakiness – first match nerves coupled with preparation issues – for their superior teamwork and skill. The day was long, but the best of five to close it really wasn't.
Day two of week one saw the Taiwanese Machi Esports' shot at Blank. In a very similar fashion, a control map opened the set, with Blank finding victory on Lijiang tower 3 rounds to 2. While the following King's Row and Volskaya Industries both ran to an initial draw then overtime, Blank commandingly finished off each round with a strong lead. With some Sombra and Orisa picks popping up throughout the day, it seems Blank's safe outlook allowed them the double win, and the confidence boost they needed alongside it.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But it's only been one week. The see this as them at their weakest – “It took us a while to get computers sorted – we've only had four scrims before today [day 1]” said RQT. Even with this limited prep time they managed to not drop a match. Up against arguably the least challenging of the eight teams, the guys will be really put to the test taking on Flash Wolves and AHQ e-Sports Club in just under a week.
From here, now that computers, living arrangements and the week one jitters are sorted, the team can get down to business. Blank is a very safe team that doesn't often pick too out of the box, opting for mechanical skill and teamwork over pocket strategies. The way each player knows how their team will play on a moment to moment basis may just give them the edge they need to take the imposing Flash Wolves in their week two match up.
“We've had a lot more practice together, played in multiple tournaments, while some of the other teams don't have that,” noted Jordan ‘Gunba' Graham. “It gives us a bit of confidence – we've been playing these players on 150 pings,” said RQT. “Coming here and playing against them on five pings will be really good for us.”
Regardless of the outcome, this match will determine the tempo of the tournament. Has Blank been underestimated or will Flash Wolves have them playing catch up to make the finals series? My bias swings hopefully toward the first, but it's a tough bet to make.
Blank Esports are looking to prove something through the Overwatch Pacific Championship. It's about showing a growing esport scene that Australian players can play – and win – with the best of them. Whether it's on 150 pings in Australia or scrimming in Taiwan. Blank could really go far from here – but time will tell if they can hold that win streak.
You can check out the english broadcast by Full Circle Esports here every Friday, Saturday and Sunday for the next ten weeks of playoffs.
On Friday, judges at the Regional Court of Cologne (PDF, German) have taken the unusual step of revoking (Google Translate) at least 50 of their own court orders in a strange intellectual property dispute.
Those orders, issued over the course of the last few months, had compelled Deutsche Telekom (a major German ISP) to handover user names and addresses corresponding to over 50,000 German IP addresses that were accused violating the copyright of a handful of porn films. Each order was approved by a three-judge panel, which unanimously had to agree to send the order to Deutsche Telekom.
Those names and addresses were then used to send letters to tens of thousands of Germans, accusing them of copyright infringement of one of four porn films. The letters went on to order them to stop viewing the films on the streaming site Redtube.com (NSFW), and pay €250 ($345) to a shady Swiss company called The Archive. That money, the letter stated, would put a stop to future litigation.
At least two law firms in Cologne and Berlin have taken up the charge of representing people that they feel have been wrongly accused of copyright infringement by a Regensburg-based law firm, Urmann and Colleagues (U+C). Since the summer, U+C has requested 1,000 IP addresses in 50 different applications to the Cologne court. Neither The Archive nor U+C have responded to Ars' request for comment.
The court appears to have erred in its judgment, believing that these cases involved file-sharing websites—such cases happen very regularly in Germany. But, as these accusations involve streaming, rather than direct infringement or downloading, the judges now say (PDF, German) that individuals cannot be held liable for what appeared on a streaming site, rather than a download or file-sharing site.
“This is, in my point of view, a groundbreaking decision,” said Christian Solmecke told Ars. He's a Cologne-based lawyer whose firm is representing 600 Germans (Google Translate) that have received such letters.
“This is a really unusual decision,” they added. “But as I've said, the court did not read the documents correctly in the first instance and they thought that these are the same documents as file-sharing documents. There are 600 decisions in Cologne per month for file-sharing normally.”
Cologne is often the jurisdiction for such cases as Deutsche Telekom sits in this particular jurisdiction.
“The affected users can immediately appeal these decisions—the lower court then has the opportunity to review their decision,” Dominik Boecker, a German IT lawyer not involved in this case, told Ars.
The Archive has apparently had “procedural representational rights” to the “Amanda's Secrets” film, and a few other films, from a company called Matrazensport, since July 2013. According to The Archive's German-language business filing with Swiss authorities, its primary business is the “acquisition and evaluation of audio media and audio-visual media of any kind.”
Solmecke added that they believe that this is the beginning of the end for this entire saga, but added that Cologne judges are set to make further rulings in January 2014.
“Where the money is in 18 months, I don't know. It could be gone.”
Heise.de, a German tech news site, reported (Google Translate) earlier this month that some who have received these warning letters have checked their browser histories and found a series of domain forwards
http://hit.trafficholder.com/transfer.php?http://49655.movfile.net
http://49655.movfile.net/
http://49655.retdube.net/
Which then finally resolves to Redtube.com.
Trafficholder.com provides “internet marketing services for adult webmasters,” typically showing pop-ups for other sites, and even offers geo-localized service.
As Heise concluded: "So it is possible, for example, for under $30 to buy 10,000 German IP addresses diverted from porn sites to hit a given destination URL. In this case the URL was obviously 49655.movfile.net, supplied by specifically German traffic."
Despite the fact that TrafficHolder says on its website that it has “round the clock” customer service Monday through Friday, no one picked up the listed Los Angeles phone number when Ars called Friday afternoon. TrafficHolder also did not immediately respond to e-mail.
If this is indeed the case, and someone falsely induced Germans to click on and watch this movie, then Solmecke told Ars, this could be a crime, and their clients could potentially sue whoever is responsible to get their lawyer's fees reimbursed. However, because The Archive is in Switzerland—outside of Germany, and the European Union—this could take time, they said.
“If I sue [The Archive] now, to get the money, it would take a year until I can start the enforcement process, and that takes another half year,” they said. “Where the money is in 18 months, I don't know. It could be gone.”
And which sites generated these TrafficHolder pop-ups? That too is a mystery.
“This is the biggest question: I need more information about it,” Solmecke added. “But what I need are screenshots, perhaps of the browser history. I need at least three or four screenshots to prove that this is true and to give them to the prosecutor. This is very very relevant if they never clicked on Redtube and were pushed onto Redtube.”
A treasured 17th-century statue that was looted from one of London's last-surviving medieval churches during the Blitz has been returned to its rightful owners more than 70 years after it disappeared.
The work, a sculpted and painted likeness of Dr Peter Turner, an eminent 17th-century botanist and physician at London's St Bartholomew's hospital, was stolen from St Olave's church near the Tower of London on the night of 17 April 1941, when bombing severely damaged the church.
Last month, the 1614 statue was finally brought back home to the church, restored in the 1950s, ending a 14-month legal dispute, which exposed the art trade's failure to question the origin of works being sold on.
In 2009, churchwardens received a tip-off from the Museum of London that the statue was about to be sold by Dreweatts, a British auctioneer, on behalf of an anonymous seller for an estimated £70,000.
The church lodged a claim, and Dreweatts withdrew the statue from auction, retaining it until the case was resolved. The seller rejected calls to hand it back, insisting they had acquired it in good faith. The Art Loss Register, which liaises with the police and the art trade to help track down stolen artworks, waived its fees to take up the church's cause. Detective work by the register's lawyer, Christopher A. Marinello, revealed a chain of previous buyers included Paul de Grande, a Belgian ecclesiastical dealer, who had bought the statue from a trader in Holland who, in turn, had named a British dealer, Gray Dench from West Malling, as the original seller. Marinello's research showed that the name was false and the trail led them to Gray Elcombe, who operated as an antique dealer and had been imprisoned for serious crimes.
Marinello said: "I do not believe that de Grande or the Dutch dealer knew that this bust was stolen. The legal issues involved are very complex and will likely be discussed in art law publications in the future. However, both dealers knew that the bust originated from St. Olave's. One simple phone call to St. Olave's would have brought the true history to light."
The Dutch dealer declined to comment, but de Grande told The Observer that they did not ring St Olave's because wartime photographs of its bombed state led them to believe it had been destroyed. In fact, St Olave's stonework was largely reconstructed in the early 1950s.
They detailed its connection to St Olave's to the auction-house - information which, they said, ultimately led to its return.
The statue, which had stood in St Olave's for centuries, surviving the Great Fire of 1666 and watching over the resting place of diarist Samuel Pepys, will undergo conservation work before being reinstalled in the church.
The piece "Roboter" of the German band Kraftwerk is performed during a concert at the Neue Nationalgalerie (New National Gallery) museum in Berlin on January 6, 2015. With the concert, the electronic music pioneers Kraftwerk kicked off eight nights of concerts with a multimedia performance of their classic album "Autobahn". Kraftwerk, founded in 1968 and once called "the Beatles of electronic dance music", is credited with paving the way for acts ranging from Depeche Mode, New Order, Human League, and techno's DJ stars to Coldplay and Daft Punk. AFP PHOTO / JOHN MACDOUGALL +++ RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE NO MARKETING NO ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS (Photo credit should read JOHN MACDOUGALL/AFP/Getty Images) (Photo: JOHN MACDOUGALL, AFP/Getty Images)
Saturday
Kraftwerk 3D
This is where it all began. Starting in the early 1970s, the German band Kraftwerk laid the foundation for techno, electro, hip-hop — i.e., pretty much most electronic-based music — churning out minimalistic, repetitive rhythms often offset by catchy melodies. Kraftwerk, which translates to “power plant” or “power station" in English, has experienced a renaissance in the last decade after a massive world tour in 2004 and subsequent live album and DVD, “Minimum-Maximum, in 2005. Now the group is taking the world by storm yet again with an astounding 3D performance, integrating sophisticated animated 3D visuals perfectly synced to updated versions of its classic electronic music. Do not miss. 10:30 p.m.-midnight, Movement Main Stage
Seth Troxler
Seth Troxler likes to party. In fact, he's often at the center of the party. Their charismatic personality, devil-may-care attitude and laconic vibe combined with a healthy penchant for eclectic and off-the-wall dance music has made the globetrotting Troxler — a Kalamazoo native — one of the world's most in-demand DJs. A fan favorite (he was voted Resident Advisor's No. 1 DJ in a 2012 readers poll, no. 2 in 2011), Troxler has released dozens of singles and EPs on just as many labels, along with a slew of collaborative efforts (Visionquest, the Martinez Brothers, Art Department) and high-profile DJ mixes, including the “DJ-Kicks” series in 2015. Ain't no party like a Detroit party. 6-7:30 p.m., Movement Main Stage
Seth Troxler performs at the Red Bull Music Academy stage during the 2014 Movement Electronic Music Festival at Hart Plaza in downtown Detroit on Sunday, May 25, 2014. (Photo: Jarrad Henderson, Jarrad Henderson)
Four Tet
Although they were originally affiliated with the so-called folktronica scene in the early '00s, the British producer-DJ Four Tet (Kieran Hebden) has had a long and varied career, veering from techno and house to experimental jazz, ambient to post-rock and hip-hop. Known for their eclectic musical style, they have produced remixes for a wide range of artists, including Radiohead, Bonobo, The xx and Madvillain, and collaborated with the likes of Thom Yorke, Burial and Laurie Anderson. Their latest album, “Morning/Evening” (2015), features just two extended tracks built around the sampled voice of an Indian singer. Their live DJ sets are just as varied as their recordings, a blend of upbeat house and techno amidst samples and other sounds. Expect the unexpected. 9-10:45 p.m., Red Bull Music Academy Stage
Scuba
The British-born producer-DJ Scuba isn't the type to sit still for long. Born Paul Rose, the Berlin resident keeps a busy schedule, dividing their time between playing their stylish, seamless mixture of techno, house, and bass music; recording singles, remixes and full-length albums as Scuba and SCB, and running their popular record label, Hotflush Recordings featuring artists like Mount Kimbie, Sepalcure, George Fitzgerald and more. Following an extensive tour of South America, Scuba ends their North American tour with the date at the Movement Festival. The Underground Stage will be the perfect place to hear their rollicking, high-octane techno. 8:30-10 p.m., Underground Stage
Sunday
Adam Beyer
The first word that comes to mind when thinking of Adam Beyer? Strong. After two decades in the DJ game, the Stockholm native continues to forge ahead with their style of propulsive, percussive heavy techno. They got their their start in 1995 with the single “Drum Codes 1,” which became the name of their imprint label, Drumcode Records, launched in 1996. Drumcode continues to be an influential techno label guided by the steady hand of the 40-year-old Beyer, who is dedicated to "releasing music always with the DJ in mind.” A consummate DJ first, Beyer's set is likely to be pounding in your head long after the music stops. 9-10:30 p.m., Movement Main Stage
Honey Soundsystem
There's no sting here: It's all about the flowing honey. Honey Soundsystem is a San Francisco DJ collective emphasizing the deepest groove of shake-your-ass house music. Formed in 2006 by Ken Woodard and Jacob Sperber (a.k.a. Jackie House), Honey Soundsystem was crucial in helping to expand the gay underground dance scene in San Francisco. What started off as a weekly Sunday party evolved into a world-renowned event, hosting DJs such as Derek Plaslaiko, Todd Terje, Traxx, Derrick Carter and many others. The collective, now a four-person team (Jackie House, Josh Cheon, Robot Yang and Jason Kendig), hosts massive, party-specific themed events all over the world. Go get your groove on. 4-6 p.m., Red Bull Music Academy Stage
Honey Soundsystem (Photo: Jeffrey McMahan)
Tiga
The world of Tiga is a theater of the absurd, albeit a sophisticated and stylish theater. Born Tiga Sontag, the 41-year-old Montreal producer and DJ got their start in dance music in the early 1990s by organizing underground parties. They founded the label Turbo Recordings in 1998, with their love for synth-pop at the forefront. They first gained visibility in 2001 with a cover of fellow Canadian Corey Hart's 1983 hit “Sunglasses at Night,” then upped the ante the following year with a cover of Nelly's “Hot in Herre.” Since then, they have released five albums and dozens of singles and toured around the world, delighting audiences with their fierce blend of techno, house, synth-pop and electro. Shine those dance floor shoes. Tiga's gunning their “Bugatti” for you. 8-9:30 p.m., Red Bull Music Academy Stage
Tale of Us
A start-time of 10 p.m. for the sweeping techno sounds of duo Tale of Us seems much too early. But since it's the final slot on the Beatport stage, it'll have to do. Although both were born in North America, Matteo Milleri and Carmine (Karm) Conte grew up in Milan, Italy, becoming friends and then forming their musical partnership, Tale of Us. After making a full-length debut in 2011 (released by Seth Troxler's Visionquest Records), the pair quickly grew a following for its blend of glossy, emotion-driven techno, lively tech-house and house music. Wave your hands in the air and keep them there. There's dancing to do. 10 p.m.-midnight, Beatport Stage
Monday
Anja Schneider
Many Germans seem to know a thing or two about techno music, and Anja Schneider is no exception. Deftly blending a mixture of four-to-the-floor driving techno with deep, emotive tech-house and a taste for detailed minimalism, Schneider is the type of DJ and producer who never stops moving on and off the dance floor. They got their start as a radio programmer and host in Berlin in the early 2000s, then launched the label Mobilee Records in 2005 just as their DJ and production career started to take off. Now, 11 years later, Schneider divides their time between DJ-ing around the globe and running their well-respected techno label, always with an eye on keeping the dance floor jumping. Energy in motion. 5-6:30 p.m., Movement Main Stage
Anja Schneider (Photo: Mobilee Records)
Get Real: Green Velvet & Claude VonStroke
Two great musical tastes that may not seem like they taste great together are teaming up for a two-hour set. Green Velvet (born Curtis Jones) is considered by many to be a Chicago house legend, having churned out a string of Chicago house and funk-fueled techno classics in the 1990s and ‘00s, including “Coffee Pot (It's Time for the Percolator)” in 1992 (under the name Cajmere), “Answering Machine” and “La La Land” in 2001. Their sets are high-octane and relentless. Contrast that with Claude VonStroke's upbeat demeanor, their house and tech-house music enriched with a sense of playfulness and the absurd in tracks like “Who's Afraid of Detroit?," “Beat That Bird” and “The Whistler.” VonStroke (Barclay Crenshaw), 44, grew up in Cleveland and Detroit before moving to San Francisco to launch their label, Dirtybird Records. This match-up promises to be a DJ set to remember. 10 p.m.-midnight, Red Bull Music Academy
Claude VonStroke will pair with Green Velvet for a set at the 2016 version of Movement. (Photo: Dan Wilton )
Nina Kraviz
Russian DJ-producer Nina Kraviz is the type of DJ who galvanizes some electronic music fans, largely as a result of a 2013 video profile that seemed to emphasize their sexuality and feminism above their musical skills and accomplishments. Controversy aside, Kraviz has worked hard to develop a following in the last decade, improbably leaving behind a career in dentistry (she has a doctorate in dental medicine) to dive headlong into DJ-ing, where they showcase an affinity for Chicago house and Detroit techno. Known for their charisma and high energy when she's on the decks, Kraviz is never boring. They keep you guessing. 10 p.m.-midnight, Underground Stage
Richie Hawtin
It's safe to say that Richie Hawtin needs no introduction to Detroit techno fans. Widely considered an influential force in the world of techno and electronic music — they were part of Detroit techno's second wave of artists despite growing up across the border in Windsor — Hawtin's musical career stretches back nearly three decades under the F.U.S.E. and Plastikman monikers. Their résumé is a long one and they have often been at the forefront of incorporating new technological advances into their recordings, high-concept intricate DJ sets and labels (Plus 8, M_nus). He's playing a 3½-hour set, so that should keep Hawtin's fans satisfied. 8:30 p.m.-midnight, Beatport Stage
Buy Photo Richie Hawtin will help close out Movement with a Monday night set.. (Photo: Jarrad Henderson Detroit Free Press)
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1VhfRIj
WHEN THE NATIONAL Library of Ireland put out a call for JFK memorabilia, they expected to get a lot of interest – but the stories they uncovered were perhaps even more special than they could have imagined.
From the visit leading to a marriage to the little boy who hung onto a paper flag for 50 years, each story gives a glimpse into the ordinary life of people during US President John F Kennedy's visit to Ireland in 1963.
The NLI has partnered with the US Embassy, the National Archives and the JFK Presidential Library and Museum in Boston to mark the 50th anniversary as part of a larger programme of events remembering this historic occasion.
Memories
Katherine McSharry of the National Library of Ireland said that the library received “some really interesting things and really interesting stories”.
One involved a civil servant called Noel Montayne who attended a garden party during JFK's visit. They took some candid colour photographs, which show not only JFK themselves – and Eamon De Valera – but the quirky cake made for their visit, which featured the president's visage.
There was also the story of a German exchange student staying in Trinity, called Susanne Dockrell. They took photographs of JFK's visit to the city centre, but because they couldn't leave Trinity during their visit, they got talking to a man they had met a couple of nights before, explained Katherine.
The two ended up getting married – and they can say that JFK brought them together.
Another person who brought in something unusual was Norman Hennessy from New Ross. “Quite a lot of the US officials seem to have been staying down there in advance of the visit,” said McSharry. Certain families in New Ross were asked to put up the officials in their homes.
This man's family was one of them – and the guest brought something unusual with him: a phone line straight to the White House. The phone had to be fitted especially for the trip, and Hennessy told McSharry that they had wondered what would have happened if they had picked up the phone himself.
They brought with them the phone details, which show the White House logo.
Another item is a little paper flag that Robert Harrold waved during JFK's visit when they were just six years of age. “He has kept it ever since,” said McSharry.
How you can submit your memorabilia
The NLI were were “really pleased” with the memorabilia which was brought in on the day, and people are still bringing in interesting items. If you have any JFK memorabilia of interest, or a story you would like to share, you are invited to submit them at JFKhomecoming.com.
“The thing that was most striking was that people had a range of different stories,” recalled McSharry.
These are the kind of stories that you can't find anywhere else. They were not recorded, not written down. So if we don't do these kinds of activities, they will be lost.
All of the items were digitised and given back to the owners.
US President John F Kennedy visited Ireland for four days in 1963 – 26 to 29 June. The country buzzed with excitement, and literally half of Dublin gathered in the city centre to catch a glimpse of him, while 100,000 travelled to see them in Cork and Galway. They also visited their ancestral home in Wexford, bringing 18,000 visitors to the town that day.
An NLI exhibition on JFK's visit will run at No 2 Kildare Street from 21 June to 15 August. Submit your memories to JFKhomecoming.com
Foto: Adrian Pop
Câteva luni ne despart de momentul în care Muzeul de Artă Cluj Napoca va părăsi Palatul Banffy, cel care adăposteşte muzeul de aproape 60 de ani, întrucât clădirea va fi retrocedată proprietarilor.
Anunţul a fost făcut, vineri, la Cluj Napoca, de Ministrul Culturii, Daniel Barbu, care s-a declarat nemulţumit de decizia justiţiei cu privire la retrocedarea clăririi cu atât mai mult cu cât, susţine oficialul, persoanele care au revendicat clădirea n-ar fi avut documentele necesare.
”E vorba de persoane care n-au avut titluri de proprietate temeinice, legale asupra Palatului”, a arătat Ministrul Barbu.
Potrivit oficialului, clădirea va trebui să fie evacuată, după ce autorităţile judeţene aveau pregătite proiecte de finanţare pentru reabilitarea clădirii. Barbu a arătat că deşi noii proprietari sunt obligaţi să păstreze încă 10 ani funcţia actuală a clădirii, cel mai probabil muzeul va fi mutat pentru că statul nu poate face investiţii într-o clădire care nu-i aparţine.
Ministrul Culturii nu a exclus nici posibilitatea ca statul român să-şi exercite dreptul de preemţiune la cumpărarea clădirii, în cazul în care noii proprietari vor dori să o vândă şi nu vor dori să-i dea altă destinaţie.
Pe site-ul Muzeului de Artă Cluj Napoca figureză faptul că “în prezent, palatul este proprietate publică a judeţului Cluj şi se află în administraţia Muzeului de Artă Cluj-Napoca”.
Palatul baroc din Piaţa Unirii, cunoscut sub numele de Palatul Banffy, a fost conceput de către arhitectul german Johann Eberhard Blaumann ca reşedinţă particulară a contelui Bánffy György (devenit mai târziu guvernator al Transilvaniei).
Ulterior, clădirii i-au fost date alte destinaţii: reşedinţă de protocol, Cazinou Naţional, clădire de apartamente şi spaţii comerciale, sediu de societăţi industriale. În anul 1925 a fost construit chiar un cinematograf în curtea imobilului.
În anul 1956, Comuna Urbană Cluj a dat palatul în folosinţă Muzeului de Artă, înfiinţat în anul 1951.
Palatul este cel mai important edificiu baroc din Cluj-Napoca şi unul de referinţă pentru arhitectura de secol XVIII din România, decoraţia arhitecturală în piatră fiind completată cu o serie de sculpturi cu valoare artistică deosebită realizate de Anton Schuchbauer.
Clădirea este înscrisă la prima categorie (A) în lista clădirilor de patrimoniu arhitectural şi artistic naţional al României.
As I write this, activist Shaun King's name is trending on Twitter…nationwide. If you are unfamiliar, with all the incidents of police brutality plaguing our nation, King has been a voice within the Black Lives Matter movement. And they don't just have swift Twitter fingers, he's about that work in real life as well.
King was also set to launch a new organization called the Justice Coalition, which seeks to end police brutality in this country by forming policy teams and launching an additional website to tell the true stories of how police brutality effects its victims.
But he's not trending because of these new initiatives. He's trending because people want to know if he's really Black like they claim to be. They want to know if he's “the next Rachel Dolezal.” And we all know how they dominated the news cycle for a good two weeks.
Breitbart, a right-winged, conservative news aggregation site named after its founder, Andrew Breitbart, alleged that King, who has said they have a White mother and a Black father, lied about being bi-racial. They believe they lied about their ethnicity to get a scholarship to Morehouse from Oprah Winfrey. They also claim they lied about being in a car accident and being attacked by racists during their high school years in rural Kentucky.
Breitbart said they obtained a copy of their birth certificate that seems to list a White man as their father.
The story blew up from there. You know folks love to have the tea. And in their quest to join the hashtag or unearth a scandal, many never even took the time to consider the source.
As a journalism major we were taught to question everything. When I was interning for a copywriter at MSNBC, they told me, “If your mother tells you they love you, get a second opinion.” That's the mindset we were trained to adopt when attempting to process new information.
Today, when I heard that it was Breitbart that was trying to call Shaun King a liar, I immediately doubted the notion. Not so much because I question everything I hear and read. Admittedly, I've become more and more lax on that front, but because I know the recent history of the publication.
For those who were paying attention to the news during the summer of 2010, you may remember Breitbart was the same publication that infamously cost Shirley Sherrod their job with the Department of Agriculture.
Breitbart obtained excerpts from a speech Sherrod gave at an NAACP event. The site chopped and screwed the video and painted Sherrod as a racist. When in actuality, their speech warned people not to let their personal prejudices stand in the way of helping someone and developing quality friendships.
But everyone trusted Breitbart. Instead of watching the whole video for themselves, the story spread like wildfire. FoxNews led the way and then a New York CBS affiliate picked it up and then the Atlanta Journal Constitution. By that afternoon, Sherrod received numerous emails from government officials asking them to submit their resignation. The NAACP stepped forward saying they condemned their remarks. And their superiors told them The White House requested that they resign immediately.
And it was all a lie, for nothing. A conservative, White publication said something was true, put up a few video clips and a Black woman, who wasn't even given the opportunity to tell their side of the story, lost their job because of it.
In all honesty, the Shaun King receipts seem plausible, just like the Sherrod receipts did five years ago. A White man on your birth certificate is pretty convincing.
But Breitbart is something like a MediaTakeout for conservative White folks. The story looks good on the surface, but when you do your own investigation, it's bullshit. And for whatever reason, their rumors don't just stir up drama and kick up mess, they cause emotional and psychological damage. Sherrod lost their job and was publicly shamed by their people and the government. At the end of the day everybody looked like fools, had to issue apologies, including The White House, and Breitbart, the site and the man, likely reveled in the exposure and visits to their website.
Judging by the way the story about Shaun King took off, their credibility didn't even suffer.
And that is the very problem King is fighting against. We talk about Black Lives mattering and having value. But when it's our word against a White man's we discover we're still less credible, inferior. It's devastating when people, particularly Black people, are so ready and willing to believe something just because a White man said it.
I know I've referenced this before, but the same thing happened when Barack Obama was running for President. Black folks wanted to vote for them but didn't think they stood a chance of winning. But when they took Iowa, when they saw that White folks were cosigning him, then all of a sudden we felt comfortable to support our own.
Y'all we don't need the White man's cosign anymore.
And we need to question the coverage of Black people on all media platforms, particularly when the only time Black people are mentioned is when someone is attempting to discredit us.
By now you might be wondering did Shaun address their racial makeup. They did, via their Twitter page.
Later, another Twitter user posted this picture as a response.
Boom.
If you can't tell that that's a Black man, then I'm going to need you to just click out and have a nice day.
It was a friend of King's who offered a bit more explanation about their background on Facebook. You can read the whole thing here; and you should, but this part seems to be of particular importance.
And to question their race? Since the third grade, Shaun has had to deal with whispers as to their racial make-up. Whispers that no adult helped them deal with or process. Yes, that includes their mother. Shaun got called “Nigger” just as much, if not more, than myself or any of my black friends and family while growing up in Versailles. Do you think an 8 year old would volunteer for that type of treatment? A funny colored, wavy haired child just trying to navigate life? To have anything from racial slurs to cups full of dip-spit (chewing tobacco) hurled at you from confederate flag covered pick-up trucks? And then 20 years later have some right wing assholes question whether it ever happened and go as far as to call you a fraud and try to de-bunk years of social justice work that you've put under your belt? We grew up in a town where white mothers were constantly dis-owned by their families for having relationships and making children with black fathers. Where even into the 2000's, the racial identities of mix-raced children were a taboo topic. Shaun was a direct victim of that. 20 years later, much progress has been made in my town of Versailles, but we are proving we have much further to go if people from my home town don't speak the fuck up.
Honestly, at first I was wondering why they didn't just explain explicitly. But this made it clear for me. They don't owe us their story. He's not another Rachel Dolezal trying to get shine by identifying with an oppression they willingly adopted. He's about this life.
And it's a shame that instead of riding for Shaun like he's been riding for us, we were quick to start making memes, questioning their work and retweeting a story that was meant to undermine and distract from the very issues that are killing us.
I don't believe in supporting unscrupulous people simply because they're Black, but when White folks start going hard against Black revolutionaries, we should question the source, the motives and make sure the receipts check out.
Published on MadameNoire.com
Those interested in Ethereum, learning how to code, and becoming more involved in the community now have some resources to help them get started.
As Ethereum continues to become more widely known, interested people are trying to get more involved. This isn't always straightforward, seeing as how the complex ecosystem of technology and the community that makes up the Ethereum network isn't easily grasped at a glance. If you're simply looking to see all the ways you can participate, here is a good place to start.
It seems a logical assumption that a fair amount of Ethereum newcomers are already somewhat computer savvy, as Ethereum is such an advanced piece of technology. Regardless of your level of computer skills, learning to program on Ethereum isn't as daunting as you may think. Ethereum is spearheading the Web 3.0 charge and software developers are on the front lines.
For The Novice Coder…
If you're an inexperienced programmer looking to cut your coding teeth, there are many excellent resources available online, many of which are free. There are also great college courses available at schools across the nation. It all depends on how an individual learns best.
If you're interested in learning to code, it's regularly recommended to start with JavaScript, as it's often used when writing Ethereum Dapps. Additionally, C, C++, C#, and Go are closer to low level, machine code and would allow you to work on the base layers of the Ethereum network, like mining or wallets.
Alternatively to taking an introductory computer science class at a local community college, there are several great online learning websites. Code Academy and Khan Academy are two very popular online resources that many people have used to teach themselves how to code. While teaching oneself any new skill may seem formidable, it can also be incredibly rewarding. Online courses can be very effective for learning programming due to their interactive nature, and learning by doing is often hailed as an effective technique.
Python is another great language to learn for general-purpose programming. Many have used a book called “Learn Python the Hard Way” that is freely available online. There's also a downloadable pay version with additional media, like video lectures. Python is even covered in MIT's broad course, “Introduction to Computer Science and Programming.” That course is free online and taught by top computer science professors Eric Grimson and John Guttag.
Moving away from the basics, Solidity is a high-level language that is often touted as being easy to learn. It would obviously help to have a basic understanding of programming or computer science, but it's not unheard of to start with Solidity. Solidity (like Viper) is a language used to program executable distributed code contracts (EDCCs).
Once you're somewhat familiar with programming languages, like Solidity, it's recommended you learn to use a development framework, like Truffle. Truffle provides a development environment, testing framework, built-in EDCC compilation, and more. It streamlines the coding process so you don't have to create everything from scratch every time you want to program a contract.
For The Experienced Coder…
Using your already established coding skills, you could create your own Dapp. Dapps, similar to traditional web-apps, can be written in JavaScript, so any JavaScripters out there are already ahead of the game. The next step is to learn more Web3.js: Ethereum's JavaScript API library. Pair that with solidifying your understanding of Solidity, and you're on your way to making an impact on the Ethereum blockchain. What and how much you learn depends on how self-sufficient you're looking to be, and what type of job you're looking to do.
If you want to dive into Ethereum classes, B9Lab has a free “Ethereum 101” course available. After that, there are several worthwhile paid courses you could take as well. Obviously, a novice could start here but it would be easier to grasp Ethereum with a base-level understanding of computers and coding.
Coursera is another great resource for learning and acquiring professional certifications. If you're interested in expanding your web development abilities, W3Schools is an easy-to-use website with myriad lessons.
In Conclusion
There are many ways to contribute to the development of Web 3.0, many of which fall outside the realm of coding. Many software developers are primarily problem solvers: they've learned to speak the language of computers and thus are able to implement their solutions. Ethereum and the future of the Web don't only need coders; there's a need for creative thinkers. Innovation often stems from looking at a problem in a new way or creating a solution to a problem people didn't know they had. So get out there and start thinking.
Petro Vlahos, a special-effects pioneer who developed the blue-screen and green-screen process that allowed Dick Van Dyke to dance with penguins in “Mary Poppins,” the blue-skinned Na'vi to live among floating mountains in “Avatar,” and TV weather reporters to point at sun and rain symbols that only their viewers can see, died on Feb. 10 in Los Angeles. They were 96.
Their death was announced by Ultimatte, the company that they and their son, Paul, founded in 1976.
The technology Mr. Vlahos perfected, earning them Oscar and Emmy awards, creates the illusion that actors or settings filmed separately are in the same place. It has made it possible for young actors to play their own twins and share scenes with them; for princesses in galaxies far, far away to send hologram messages; and for nonexistent, distant worlds and their wildlife to appear real in convincing detail.
“His inventions made a whole genre of film possible — a genre that seems to make more money than any other,” said the visual-effects supervisor Bill Taylor, speaking at an Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences event the day before Mr. Vlahos died. “He created the whole of composite photography as we know it.”
In an interview with the BBC, Robin Shenfield, president of the Mill, a British visual-effects studio, summarized Mr. Vlahos's contribution and talent as “that fundamental ability to take lots of elements from lots of places and seamlessly mesh them,” creating “a new convincing reality.”
Making an EctoCooler for my EctoCooler.
Kyle J. Britt Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 14, 2016
Thanks to @exfianceemusic for the awesome Ghostbuster-y music.
I'm a child of the 80s. Reading Rainbow. Duck Tales. Gummi Bears. An American Tail. Light Brite. Super Mario Bros. Lincoln Logs. Ghostbusters. And Hi-C EctoCooler.
While the lead up to the 2016 Ghostbusters release is cautiously anticipated by nostalgic fans and marred by sexism-driven critques, I'm psyched. See I have a five-year-old and a three-year-old now. Two girls. They're a little young to join me in the theatre this weekend, but when they're ready, I'll show it to them, and they'll have their own ghostbusting heros to look up to, like I looked up to Egon.
Likewise, I was geekily excited to hear that Hi-C was re-releasing the EctoCooler flavor. A friend of mine had a cardboard ghost trap on their desk that they put one of the new cans of EctoCooler in and I remembered the one-can thermoelectric fridge my dad used to have in their office. So I bought one and decided to mod it into a ghost trap. See the photos of the process below and follow me on Snapchat @kylejbritt where I'll talk some more about the process over the next few days.
When two Grade 6 students at St. George Catholic School in Ottawa were assigned a class project on social justice, they chose gay rights as their topic.
“A lot of people, they don't know they're being rude, but they make being gay a bad thing,” said 11-year-old Quinn Maloney-Tavares, who picked the topic with their friend, Polly Hamilton. “They need to know that it's not a bad thing.”
But school principal Ann Beauchamp had other ideas. They vetoed the topic.
“The girls were upset and disappointed,” Quinn's mother, Ann Maloney, said Wednesday.
As a silent protest, the two wore rainbow colours to school and painted small rainbow flags on their hands.
When they explained why, their classmates said, “Oh my goodness, guys, that's such a good idea,” Quinn said. Several other students painted rainbow flags on their hands in solidarity.
Maloney and Polly's mother, Kate, met last week with Beauchamp, hoping to change their mind. Social justice is supposed to be messy, they told them It's not supposed to be comfortable.
“If you're allowing 11-year-olds to choose a topic,” Maloney said, “they're going to choose a topic that's important to them.”
But Beauchamp wouldn't budge. “She felt very strongly about their decision,” Maloney said.
The students' projects go on display at a social justice fair in January, attended by students from Grades 4 to 6. Beauchamp didn't feel gay rights “was a topic that was appropriate for that age group,” Maloney said.
The principal was also concerned that she'd face criticism from “right-wing” Catholic parents if they allowed the project to proceed, Maloney said.
Beauchamp and local trustee Betty-Ann Kealey refused to comment, directing the Citizen to the school board's communications department.
The board released an emailed statement that it said should be attributed to chairperson Ted Hurley. It said the board's family life curriculum “covers all topics around personhood, relationships and sexuality and is developed and taught in an age-appropriate manner.”
“The principal's decision was made in this context and with the understanding that the project was going to be presented to younger students,” the statement continued.
“Our board's focus on equity and family life programs ensures students are taught within the context of our faith, with a focus on the dignity of personhood.”
A spokesperson for Ontario's Education Minister Liz Sandals said the Ottawa Catholic School Board “is in the best position to speak on this specific matter.”
“Our expectation is that school boards comply with the Education Act, which requires them to provide safe, inclusive and accepting school environments that support the achievement and well-being of all students.”
Maloney is still fuming over Beauchamp's decision. “Why are we still here, as Catholics, where we can't talk about gay rights?” they said. “It's ridiculous, as far as I'm concerned.”
As for Quinn and Polly, they'll likely now do a project on discrimination instead, including discrimination based on sexual orientation.
“They've learned more about social justice in a week than they ever could have by doing a project,” Maloney said. “It's been very real for them.”
dbutler@ottawacitizen.com
epayne@ottawacitizen.com
Moving fast is crucial, Mr. Puig said. “We knew it would be a fairly easy deal to get my team into Santo Domingo,” they said. The hard part would be crossing into Haiti. “One of the team members knows the region very well. They knew that moving over by road would take forever and would be dangerous,” they added. The men chose to hire a helicopter and knew where to get one.
Both men (Mr. Puig said they could not give their names) have experience in the military special forces and “have operated in some of the worst places in the world,” they said. They carried satellite telephones and depended on already established contacts on the island to set up a base in Port-au-Prince for the medical specialists and others who arrived in the next day or two.
Photo
A key to effective response on the ground is establishing a network of local contacts in advance throughout the world, they said. Among relief workers in Haiti and the adjacent Dominican Republic, “there are a lot of people right now scrambling for a car, scrambling for guards, but those things become very scarce very quickly,” they said. In the Dominican Republic, “We put this guy we have on notice. He's waiting for us. He's got cars, he's got guards with guns — all the things that you need to operate.”
By Monday, with teams now operating out of Port-au-Prince and Santo Domingo, International SOS said it had coordinated 52 evacuations from Haiti. Among the victims were corporate employees, humanitarian group workers and students. Clients needing help included 60 companies, 25 nonprofit organizations and universities, 10 government bodies and 10 private travelers from the United States and elsewhere.
“We have reached out to all of the clients” to establish priorities for getting people out of Haiti, Mr. Deroose said. Those who leave are being flown by helicopter or private plane to the Dominican Republic for medical treatment before being sent home.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Deroose, who was trained as a nurse, added: “The medical issues, in a catastrophe like this, are major trauma — broken legs, head injuries, punctured lungs. So speed of evacuation is critical.”
“But there is another category: the missing,” they said. “Some clients have told us, we have people here and we can't get in contact with them.”
More than 7,000 companies around the world are clients of International SOS, which charges an annual membership fee and then bills for specific services, like emergency medical care and evacuations.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Meanwhile, despair is mounting among the millions in Haiti who do not qualify for rapid-response assistance under foreign corporate contracts. Already, angry denunciations are being heard from the island, among them charges that foreign citizens, especially Americans, are getting priority treatment while the poor, or the not-well-connected, languish in misery.
In response, Mr. Deroose says the company strives to leave behind “humanitarian support” after its corporate work is done. For example, they said, International SOS workers in Jakarta established a relief fund that still exists, after the earthquake and tsunami that struck Sumatra, Indonesia, in late 2004.
“We have an obligation to our clients, that's our primary responsibility,” they said. “However, as a principle in the company culture, we never say no. We try to assist as much as possible.”
​This is scary no matter how you slice it.
Playing tackle football consistently obviously has a negative affect on the brain. This is something we're tragically reminded of every time a legend of the game speaks to the media years later.
​Some of those legends have managed to ​avoid brain damage, but it sounds like Warren Sapp isn't one of them.
Hall of Famer Warren Sapp says football has affected their memory. https://t.co/UmRYRTe0Bh — SportsCenter (@SportsCenter) June 20, 2017
​​Sapp announced today that he'll be donating their brain to the Concussion Legacy Foundation in order for research to be done on it once he's passed away. The former defensive tackle said that a conversation with Fred Willis convinced them to make the decision.
The ​issues facing retired players are numerous, but memory loss seems to be the biggest issue for a lot of them. Sapp said today that he's already begun to suffer serious memory loss, and also claimed that they once prided themselves on how good their memory was.
Just read a story about Warren Sapp planning to donate their brain. Basically he's losing their memory and can see thwriting on the wall  — Run the Fools 盧 (@Natural_OneDurr) June 20, 2017
Arguably the scariest thing about Sapp's experience is that they talk about the denial surrounding everything. Sapp talked about making any excuse for have forgotten something other than their brain, which sounds like a scary way to run from a serious issue.
Hopefully they find a way to make the game safer as soon as possible and also how to help the players who have already put themselves through the ringer.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS, MO (KTVI) - Monsanto is one of St. Louis' largest companies, and according to a national financial publication, it nearly pulled up stakes and left the city. There are reports that an effort to avoid taxes nearly had the headquarters moving overseas.
According to financial giant Bloomberg News, the deal between Monsanto and a Swiss company is dead for now but they're quoting sources saying it's at least possible that they could be revived.
The report says this was all an effort to avoid corporate taxes. Monsanto was considered buying the Swiss competitor Syngenta, for about $34 billion dollars. The relocation would have allowed Monsanto to move its headquarters to Switzerland and avoid U.S. taxes on many of its assets that are there. The U.S. corporate tax rate is among the highest in the world.
The report says the deal is on the shelf for now. Monsanto refused to comment on the matter when contacted by Bloomberg.
It's unclear how the move would have affected the headquarters in Creve Coeur. There would have been an impact, but much of the operation, which employs over 20,000 people, would likely have remained intact.
There are reports that the move might have been enough for congress to close that tax loophole but like so much of this story, there are a lot of "ifs." The bottom line is the potential deal, at least for now, appears dead.
Prime minister to tell CBI they want transition deal in which existing market rules continue, while Labour leader will criticise ‘chaos and confusion'
May and Corbyn to set out competing views of Brexit negotiations
Theresa May will promise business leaders a Brexit transition period with existing rules, when they and Jeremy Corbyn outline their competing visions on Monday of how they would minimise the economic uncertainty of leaving the EU.
The prime minister and the Labour leader are due to address the CBI conference in London on Monday, with speeches focusing on Brexit and the wider economic picture.
May is expected to hail recent progress in negotiations with the EU and reiterate their desire for a transition period that would guarantee continuity for businesses and investment.
“I have made clear that a strictly time-limited implementation period will be crucial to our future success,” May will say, according to extracts of their speech released in advance by Downing Street.
“I know how important it is for business and industry not to face a cliff-edge and to have the time it needs to plan and prepare for the new arrangements.
“During this period, our access to one another's markets should continue on current terms and I want us to agree the detailed arrangements for this period as early as possible.”
The government's overall ambition, the PM is to say, is “to forge an ambitious economic partnership, out of the single market but with a new balance of rights and responsibilities between us and the European Union … w e should be excited by the possibilities which this new relationship presents for the future, just as we are realistic in acknowledging that it will take time to finalise.”
They will also address the allegations of sexual misconduct hitting Westminster saying: We need to establish a new culture of respect at the centre of our public life.
“One in which everyone can feel confident that they are working in a safe and secure environment, where complaints can be brought forward without prejudice and victims know that those complaints will be investigated properly.
“And where people's careers cannot be damaged by unfounded rumours circulated anonymously online.”
Corbyn's speech will highlight what they say will be the risk of the government delaying any transition deal until a final deal with the EU is agreed.
Such a scenario “is simply not good enough”, Corbyn will say, setting out ”the common ground” between Labour's position on Brexit and that of business groups.
“The prospect of sudden changes in the legal and regulatory environment in which people do business is affecting your decisions right now,” they will say, according to sections of the speech released by Labour.
“Watching chaos and confusion grow at the heart of government and Brexit negotiations stuck in a stalemate, many of you probably feel that the situation is more uncertain and more precarious than ever. Time is running out.”
May is facing increasing pressure from the CBI and others over uncertainty ahead of the 2019 departure date.
Speaking before the CBI conference, its director, Paul Drechsler, said there was “exasperation” at the lack of progress and criticised May for still having not held a full cabinet discussion on the final Brexit deal.
“I couldn't believe that any team of people would take on a mission of this scale without considering it in detail in terms of the pros, cons, costs and benefits – nobody could embark on the biggest deal of their life without considering it in the boardroom,” they said.
Corbyn plans to use their speech to reiterate Labour's opposition to a no-deal departure from the EU, one they called “potentially a nightmare scenario” for business and more widely.
“The fact that some in the cabinet want ‘no deal' to re-launch Britain as a race-to-the-bottom deregulated tax haven on the shores of Europe, only adds to the risks,” they will say.
Sometimes the journalisms can be tough.
Sometimes the journalisms can be tough. Yesterday, Greens Senator and spokesperson for women Larissa Waters expressed their concern about the well-documented problems of gender stereotyping inherent to much of the kid's toy industry. “At this time of the year, many of us are looking for children's gifts, and it's important that we think about how toys are marketed to children,” Waters said. “While the starkly separate aisles of pink and blue might seem harmless … setting such strong gender stereotypes at early ages can have long-term impacts, including [on] self-perception and career aspirations.”
It can all be summed up nicely by this little girl's excellent face.
My superhero loving 7yo daughter not impressed when they spotted this sign in @Tesco today @LetToysBeToys pic.twitter.com/8F3bsRv6PK — Karen Cole (@karlou) November 22, 2014
But here's what The Daily Tele heard:
“The Greens hate Christmas! The whole Christmas season! Now, please don't ask why. No one quite knows the reason. It could be, perhaps, that our shoes are too tight. It could be our head isn't screwed on just right. But I think that the most likely reason of all, may be that our heart is two sizes too small.”
They then whipped together this stunning piece of take so hot you could use it to light your Christmas barbie (not Barbie, obviously, as those will all soon be destroyed by the Greens).
THATS A SPICY MEATBALL pic.twitter.com/kYBR9UZeov — a busy mum (@marrowing) December 1, 2014
“For years the Greens have been hell-bent on ruining the economy for everyone, and now it appears they want to ruin Christmas as well,” reads the front page article of one of our nation's highest-selling papers. It also comes with a picture of the Senator in question and Greens MP Adam Bandt as a hippie princess barbie and G.I. Joe “Climate Warrior” that they helpfully label as a “digitally altered image”.
In fairness to Tele reporter Lauren Wilson, the full piece they published is not as batshit crazy as that front page would have you believe. Discussing the issue in a seemingly level-headed way, Wilson outlines Waters' thoughts in full and gives a deserving outline to the goals and objectives of the No Gender December initiative the Senator is campaigning for.
While the article does give the last word to a child psychologist who opposes the idea saying it is “a nail in the coffin of common sense”, it also outlines Waters' most controversial point in their own words without any kind of editorialising.
“Outdated stereotypes about girls and boys and men and women, perpetuate gender inequality, which feeds into very serious problems such as domestic violence and the gender pay gap,” says Sen Waters. “While such serious problems seem so far removed from choosing children's toys, it's important that we think about this issue, especially when so many children's toys are being bought.”
But this genuine and logical point is then thoroughly undermined with an accompanying opinion piece, ‘A Dolly Girl Gets The Mung Bean Makeover‘. Trust us, it somehow gets worse from there.
“What would Barbie look like if it received a makeover from the Greens?” asks professional spew sprayer Tim Blair. “First, the name has to go. Say goodbye to Barbie and hello to Barb, a women's refuge counsellor, coal seam gas protester and cisgender vegan poet.”
“Barbie smiles all the time,” Blair continues to spray like a case of particularly explosive diarrhoea. “Is they not aware that under the cruel ­Abbott government, refugees are now denied the right to drown at sea? Barb will wear a permanent scowl of displeasure.”
It goes on like that. There's even a mention of burkas because fuck it, he's come this far.
We know that none of you take The Daily Tele seriously. We know that they're a national laughing stock. In today's paper they had to issue a month-old correction and apology to a guy they mis-identified as a professional anti-mining protestor: “The Daily Telegraph accepts that they … is not a mug”. That is a thing that they genuinely had to write.
But here's the problem: The Daily Tele is a main source of news for a bunch of Australians and they deserve to be held to account. Yes, they're good for some solid lols over Putin or Palmer, but they're also a legitimate newspaper that is read by millions of people. There's a reason they had to stipulate their front page image was Photoshopped. Believe it or not, some people are taking them seriously.
This is my take on creating a ground station, and it turned out really great.
I simply took the tripod and removed both the video handle and half the camera mount and installed the hardware as shown in the pictures.
The antennas reach a height of about 180cm when the tripod is fully extended.
Tripod:
http://www.banggood.com/Wholesale-NEW-53-Inch-PROFESSIONAL-Flexible-Tripod-Mount-Stand-for-Camera-Camcorder-Portable-p-43767.html
Boscam FR632 video receiver:
http://www.banggood.com/Boscam-FR632-Diversity-5_8GHz-32CH-Auto-Scan-LCD-AV-Receiver-p-958097.html
Patch antenna:
banggood.com/Aomway-5_8GHz-14dBi-High-Gain-Flat-FPV-Receiver-Antenna-p-947148.html
This antenna has been proven to have an incredibly bad design, resulting in a horrible signal strength. I do not recommend it in any way. I instead recommend investing a bit more into a 5-turn or 7-turn (depending on your usage) helical antenna from VAS, IBCrazy or any other reputable manufacturer.
Cloverleaf antenna:
http://www.banggood.com/Aomway-5_8GHz-FPV-4-Leaf-Clover-AV-Transmission-RHCP-Antenna-1-Pair-p-961730.html
Hardware:
1x M5x40mm screw. This is substituting the original video filming handle on the tripod. Adjust the tightness to your own preference.
1x M6 hinged stave, at least 500mm long. Don't make it too long as it otherwise won't fit in the included bag for the tripod.
5x M6 nuts.
2x M6 nyloc nuts.
4x M6 washers.
1x M6 spring washer.
That's all you need! Including all the hardware and components it turned out to cost only around 110€ to build this.
This week's award for best marketing promotion related to the election goes to AirBed & Breakfast, the peer-to-peer pad crashing site for travelers. (You list how much per night you want for travelers to stay on your floor, and they book through the site). Today, I received a package from AirBed & Breakfast containing the two boxes of cereal pictured above: Obama O's and Cap'n McCain's. In addition to the physical boxes of cereal, there are two catchy jingles for each cereal (embedded below), and a Webpage where you can vote for the cereal you prefer.
What does this have to do with AirBed & Breakfast? To promote the service, the startup is encouraging people across the country to put up get-out-the-vote volunteers for each campaign. Hosts can order a box of whichever cereal they prefer and serve it for breakfast. Except each box costs $39, and the company only made 500 of each. (If they make more, that could be their business model, at least for a month).
I just really like the design. The front of the Obama O's box is stamped with “Hope In Every bowl” and on the back it calls itself the “Breakfast of Change.” The McCain character on the Cap'n McCain's box is appropriately wearing a naval officer's uniform, and the side of the box sings the praise of eating squares (inside the box are repackaged Quaker Puffs; the Obama O's are really Honey O's). The copy on the side of the Cap'n McCain's box could have been written by their campaign:
Os may look pretty, but have you ever noticed there's something missing? That's right, there's a hole in the middle of every O. With Cap'n McCain's you get a whole piece of cereal in every bite.
It also points out that “Squares Are Stackable” and that “Squares Keep America Regular.” But the Obama O's jingle is catchier. Have a listen:
Obama O's
Captn McCain
THE empty house, in a middle-class corner of southern California, is two storeys high and boasts a three-car garage. Roses bloom around a kidney-shaped swimming pool, which is green with algae. Bill Bobbitt, a county inspector, dips a ladle into the water and brings up half a dozen wriggling larvae. Mosquitoes, and the West Nile virus that some of them carry, are thriving in California's plunging property market.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
West Nile virus arrived in America in 1999 and made it to California three years later. Since then it is known to have infected 2,300 people in the state, of whom 76 have died. In Orange County this is the worst summer yet. By this point last year officials there had discovered nine birds that had been killed by West Nile virus and not one infected mosquito. So far this year they have found 219 infected birds and 75 infected mosquitoes.
Some of this rise is due to better testing and co-operation with the animal services department, which receives most reports of dying birds. But a much bigger cause is the housing crunch. Fully 63,000 homes were foreclosed in California between April and June, according to DataQuick, a property data services outfit. In the past year the number of Orange County homeowners who have defaulted on their mortgages has more than doubled. Empty houses mean untended pools. Untended pools quickly breed mosquitoes.
Dead birds are also piling up in neighbouring counties like Los Angeles, San Diego and San Bernardino, which also have high foreclosure rates. Last week 170 infected mosquitoes were discovered in the state as a whole—the highest tally ever. So far this year 13 human infections have been reported in California, but the numbers are expected to grow rapidly as the summer moves on. John Rusmisel, president-elect of the board responsible for killing the critters, says a peak in infected mosquitoes is generally followed, two or three weeks later, by a peak in human cases.
In theory, owners are supposed to keep their properties in decent shape whether they live there or not. California has even passed a bill fining banks and mortgage companies that seize properties and then allow pools to fester. But Mr Bobbitt isn't waiting for the lawyers. They have treated the pool in Santa Ana with oil and synthetic growth hormones, which will keep the mosquitoes adolescent, preventing breeding. Then they tip in a few dozen mosquito fish (Gambusia affinis), which begin happily munching larvae. You can buy a lot of the fish for what a lawyer charges per hour, and some authorities, with commendable creativity, even provide them free to help control the pests.
But they said the meeting highlighted the concerns of some colleagues of the threat of litigation as clubs increasingly tread a fine line to gain an on-field edge. ''Obviously there's been a lot of resignations this year, there's a general feeling a lot of people aren't happy with clubs because they're making decisions behind doctors' backs, whether it be concussion or supplements,'' Lo said. ''I'm happy because it's not my situation at our club, but I could see how it could easily happen at other clubs. There's a general feeling they're listening to the doctors less and less, and just feel the doctors are a necessary evil.'' The main change doctors want is the introduction of an 18th man for matches to replace a player who has suffered concussion. They also want clearance for medicos to enter the field of play at any stage. At the moment, they need permission from the game-day ''orange shirt'', a club's designated medical official, to give them the green light. Lo fears some orange shirts at other clubs aren't suitably qualified, and are being exploited by coaches to deliver messages to players.
They believe the no-tolerance policy for concussion introduced about three years ago isn't working, as clubs are more hesitant to take a concussed player off and lose them for the rest of the match. Orchard had long campaigned for an 18th man, and Lo feels it would convince clubs to take a tougher stance. Under the initiative, a player would be examined thoroughly for 20 minutes, and if cleared of concussion would return to the field. ''The general feeling at some clubs is they're employing an orange shirt and putting them out there to deliver messages from coaches, which isn't their role,'' they said. ''To be an orange shirt you only have to be a level-two sports trainer, we want to propose they're a doctor, physio or paramedic. ''Another thing we agreed with is the doctor should be allowed to enter the field at any stage. In some other clubs they're really upset about it. The orange shirt is basically an ex-player or has an allegiance to the coach and not the player welfare.'' Lo acknowledged the potential for coaches to exploit the 18th man rule, but believes it is a necessary change. They said the doctors would be happy if the NRL were to employ independent doctors for potential concussion cases at games, to avoid any stigma of clubs putting players at risk.
''They're asking us to treat it more seriously and we all agree with that, but certainly some doctors feel sidelined because he's the only one who agrees with that notion,'' Lo said. ''They say the coach can exploit the rule, but if you're serious about concussion you just put up with it.'' The Raiders were incensed when their approach to concussion was questioned by the NRL after forward Joe Picker returned to the field late in Canberra's round eight wins in Melbourne after copping an early head knock. Lo, who also works with basketball's Canberra Capitals and part-time with AFL's GWS Giants, was unhappy their practices were put under the spotlight without the knowledge of the NRL's chief medical officer Ron Muratore. ''I brought them off and watched them for 50 minutes, even if you have the mildest concussion you have to get some type of symptoms coming up,'' Lo said. ''There wasn't one instant where the team pressured me saying they need to go back on, the assistant coach actually questioned me if I was sure. They [NRL] sent a letter to the club asking me to provide what I did and that's fine, but they didn't even tell the chief medical officer. There was no pressure at all from the club, I was comfortable with my decision.''
Twitter - @tuxy81
"The vulnerability we discovered allows for a man-in-the-middle attacker to execute arbitrary code as the highly privileged Android 'system' user," researchers say.
Millions of Xiaomi smartphones are vulnerable to a dangerous remote code execution (RCE) vulnerability that could grant attackers complete control of handsets.The vulnerability, now patched, exists in MIUI – Xiaomi's own implementation of the Android operating system – in versions prior to MIUI Global Stable 7.2 which is based on Android 6.0.The flaw, discovered by IBM X-Force researcher David Kaplan, potentially allows attackers with privileged network access, such as cafe Wi-Fi, to install malware remotely on the affected devices and fully compromise them.Researchers found some apps in the analytics package in MIUI, which can be abused to provide malicious ROM updates remotely through a man-in-the-middle attack.Researchers say they discovered vulnerable analytics packages in at least four default apps provided by Xiaomi in its MIUI distributions, one of those apps being the default browser app.The flaw allows an attacker to inject a JSON response to force an update by replacing the link and MD5 hash with a malicious Android application package containing malicious code, which is executed at the system level.Since there is not any cryptographic verification of the update code, the analytics package (com.xiaomi.analytics) will replace itself with "In order words, the analytics package neither uses HTTPS to query an update server for updates, nor it downloads the package over HTTPS, thus allowing attackers to modify the updates.The custom ROM ships on devices manufactured by developer Xiaomi – World's third largest smartphone maker with over 70 Million devices shipped just last year alone – and is also ported to over 340 different handsets including Nexus, Samsung, and HTC.Since the company has patched the flaw and released a over-the-air update, users are strongly recommended to update their firmware to version 7.2 as soon as possible in order to ensure they are not vulnerable to this issue that plagues Millions of Xiaomi devices.
Malin Akerman, star of multiple series and films such as Trophy Wife, Children's Hospital, and their upcoming film The Ticket, is still remembered fondly for their role as the Silk Spectre (II). During an appearance on Larry King Now, Larry asked them if they ever saw themselves in another superhero role.
They responded "Absolutely, I would love to!"
When asked what they loved about the experience specifically, they had this to say.
The thing I loved about Watchmen was we were vigilantes, we didn't have superpowers, we were real people. I think what Alan Moore does beautifully is that, it was a very human experience, it was really intricate, and that is why it was so different.
EMBED CODE:
Watchmen are indeed very different from most superhero films, and in fact a great deal of superhero comics. They continued about what was at the heart of the story.
Alot of people went in thinking it was going to be good vs evil, but it was more about, it was very existential and it was about good vs evil within you, and I loved all of the different storylines that ran through that movie.
I have to say I agree. A lot of people I talked to after viewing the movie had mixed reactions, and a wealth of that was going in with undue expectations. They were expecting to see another type of Iron Man or Dark Knight, and Watchmen just isn't in the same vein as those stories.
Criteria
The ingredients needed to win a game in Seattle during the playoffs are weighted slightly differently than against the rest of the NFL. An elite quarterback does not give you the edge it would in most places. It certainly helps, but it is not the top factor. Here are the criteria, in order of importance, to being a great challenger to Seattle:
Experience playing (and ideally winning) in CenturyLink Field A dominant run defense A strong pass rush Powerful running game between the tackles A great quarterback A great coach Now let's take a look at each of the NFC playoff teams to see how they rank according to each of these criteria.
Experience in CenturyLink Field
Arizona and Dallas are the only playoff teams to have won a game in Seattle.
Arizona Dallas Green Bay Detroit Carolina The Cardinals get the top ranking here because they have played here more than any of the other teams. The players all are fully aware of what to expect. Many would pick the Cowboys because they won here this year, while the Cardinals lost handily, but I don't believe Dallas actually played this Seahawks offense or defense. Green Bay has played here a number of times, even though they lost, so they get the third spot. Detroit and Carolina would both be getting their first CenturyLink Field experience in an incredibly rowdy moment. The Panthers have more experience playing the Seahawks the last three years, but Cam Newton is probably the least-equipped quarterback to combat the issues they would face for the first time.
Dominant run defense
The Seahawks offense is more reliant on the run game than they were a year ago. A team that can force Seattle to throw is a team that can make it very difficult for Seattle to score. Detroit wins this hands-down.
Detroit Dallas Arizona Green Bay Carolina The Cardinals would rank higher here, but have had a terrible three-game stretch where they are allowing 180.7 rushing yards per game. They have the hogs up front to gum up inside runs. My gut is they should be numbed two on this list, but the evidence does not back it up. Dallas is not great against the run. They are 17th in opponent yards per carry, but they are the best of the rest.
Green Bay and Carolina have horrid run defenses. Any team with Luke Keuchly at middle linebacker should be higher, but they are allowing 4.5 yards per carry, good for 27th in the NFL. That is not the number you want to bring into Seattle.
Strong pass rush
It is interesting to see that the Seahawks are the top pass rush team in the NFC playoffs when judged by sack percentage, and the only rank 11th overall.
Green Bay Carolina Detroit Dallas Arizona The Packers have the second-best sack percentage in the NFL (11.3%) over the last three games of the year behind only the Seahawks (12.2%). They have known quantities in Julius Peppers and Clay Mathews who are tough, but have not been large factors against the Seahawks in the past. Carolina has warmed it up lately with a 11.1% sack rate in their last three, and have a dominant end in Charles Johnson.
Henry Melton is out this week due to an injury, and may miss the playoffs.  They are one of the top two pass rushers on a relatively mediocre pass rush defense. The Lions have a lower sack rate than Dallas, but that is due in large part to their great run defense forcing more pass attempts. They are 8th in the NFL in sacks, and have terrific lineman to create pressure without bringing blitzes. The Cardinals got seven sacks against the Seahawks, but that was an aberration for a team ranked 24th in sacks and 26th in sack rate.
Powerful interior rush offense
The only teams to ever have success against this Seahawks defense are the ones that can establish a running game. It is nearly impossible to beat them if that does not happen.
Dallas Green Bay Detroit Arizona Carolina The Cowboys have already come into Seattle and ran the ball effectively. The Packers have the most powerful runner in Eddie Lacy, but still rank only 12th in the NFL in interior runs, according to FootballOutsiders.com . Detroit has Joique Bell and are close to the Packers ranking on interior runs (14th).
Arizona and Carolina are horrible run teams that pose little threat to Seattle's interior line.
Great quarterback
The right quarterback to play in Seattle is not only a great passer, but is a solid leader and strategist. Managing adjustments at the line and dealing with moments where it is too loud to make an adjustment is key. A team that makes fewer checks at the line is often better off.
Dallas Green Bay Detroit Carolina Arizona Rodgers is a better quarterback than Romo, but their ego is their achilles heel. They want to outsmart the defense and make throws down the field. Romo has proven they can make the big play at the big moment in Seattle, and their creativity under adverse situations gives them the edge over Rodgers here. Stafford is a significant step behind these two and a bigger step ahead of the last two. Neither Cam Newton nor Ryan Lindley/Drew Stanton are well equipped to handle the pressure and noise of a playoff game in Seattle.
Great coach
A coach who can surprise Seattle with a scheme or play could be the difference in a close game. Pete Carroll, as great as they are, has not always been strong at managing the game. Their choices about when to kick a field goal, go for it on fourth down, or manage the clock and their timeouts have been the weakest part of their resume. Jeff Fisher is the poster child for the type of coach who can catch Seattle off-guard. Jim Harbaugh was outstanding in this regard as well. Neither will factor into the playoffs this year.
Green Bay Arizona Detroit Dallas Carolina
Mike McCarthy is smart and creative. They also manage the game splendidly. That said, they have had a few cracks at Seattle without much luck. Bruce Arians instills confidence in their team regardless of the situation, and has proven they can ugly-up a game enough in Seattle to win. Jim Caldwell is new to the Seahawks and that gives them an edge. I have very little respect for Jason Garrett as a head coach, and think they are ill-equipped to handle the adversity their team would face in a return to CenturyLink Field. It is a wonder that Ron Rivera is still a head coach.
The verdict
The most desirable match-up for the Seahawks would be the Carolina Panthers. Even as that team has played well in recent weeks, they finish last or second-to-last in five of the six criteria. It is hard to imagine Newton and Rivera coming here and leaving with anything but a humiliating loss.
On the flip side, the Cowboys finish in the top two spots in four of the six criteria and have already won here this year. They have ended the season playing their best football as well. Most would pick the second-seeded Packers and Rodgers over Romo and the Cowboys, but Green Bay has struggled mightily against teams with great defenses and great running games. Seattle has also proven they can frustrate Rodgers. That's not to say it would be a walk in the park, but Dallas poses a bigger threat.
My assessment of the toughest teams for Seattle to face in the NFC:
Dallas Green Bay Detroit Arizona Carolina
Seahawks fans have the pleasure of watching other fanbases fight for their playoff lives this weekend while their team rests and recuperates. I have heard plenty of opinions about whom the best and worst matchups would be for the Seahawks when they do get back on the field. I have disagreed with most of them, so I wanted to share a few thoughts on which NFC teams pose the toughest test for Seattle.
Interesting theory. It helps with their unique talents(not the rising of the moon/sun thing)
Celestia has precognition ability, meaning to some extend they can see the future. Thus from their eyes everything is predestined.
Luna on the other hand has the ability to see and interact with dreams. Dreams are usually crazy and unpredictable but also clear: Imagination. No matter what you see in your dream, it is just a dream.
Normally one would think Celestia is right and thinking everything is predestined, however my own personal headcanon is that the tree of harmony actually directing the world a bit to where it wants it to be heading. Meaning Twilight was chosen to be the element of harmony because they reflected the necessary traits the tree was looking for.
BLOOMINGTON, Ind., Jan. 11 (UPI) -- Some say MTV's "16 and Pregnant" and "Teen Mom" help prevent teen pregnancy, but U.S. researchers say the opposite is true.
Study authors Nicole Martins, an assistant professor of telecommunications at Indiana University Bloomington, and Robin Jensen, an assistant professor of communication at the University of Utah, said frequent viewers of the programs were more likely to believe teen moms have affordable access to healthcare, finished college and lived on their own, when in reality most unmarried teen mothers are on welfare.
Martins and Jensen said the study involved 185 high school students -- male and female teens ages 14 to 18, 80 percent white, from families with a median annual household of $52,000 a year.
The teens said they could not survey the teens about sexual behavior, but they were able to ask about their perceptions of reality TV and teen pregnancy, the researchers said.
"The fact that teens in the study seemed to think that being a teen parent was easy might increase the likelihood that they'll engage in unsafe sexual practices, because that's not a real consequence to them," Martins said in a statement.
"Heavy viewers of teen mom reality programs were more likely to think that teen moms have a lot of time to themselves, can easily find child care so that they can go to work or school and can complete high school than were lighter viewers of such shows," Martins and Jensen wrote.
"Our data call into question the content of teen mom reality programming. Heavy viewing of teen mom reality programming positively predicted unrealistic perceptions of what it is like to be a teen mother."
There are some individuals who believe reality TV is like real life. For them, they were the most likely ones to hold unrealistic perception about teen parenthood, the researchers said.
"As you study reality television with younger populations, you're going to find that younger children are going to have a harder time understanding that this is something that is scripted, edited and put together in a purposeful way to create a narrative and a drama," Martins said.
Industry estimates suggest the primary stars of "Teen Mom" received more than $60,000, as well as other commercial considerations, while nearly half of all teen mothers fail to earn a high school diploma and earn an average of $6,500 annually during their first 15 years of parenthood.
It appears prep work has begun on the site destined to become SkyHouse Buckhead. Proposed in August for a lot tucked behind Maggiano's Little Italy at Peachtree and Stratford roads, the 26-story, 364-unit apartment tower would be the SkyHouse line's third in Atlanta. Attempts to confirm recent progress with developer Novare were unsuccessful, but fencing has indeed gone up at the Buckhead site in the last week or so. The tower, not far from the Buckhead MARTA station and adjacent to the pedestrian bridge over Ga. 400, has been pitched as a rental haven for Millenials and Generation Y folks that aren't looking to buy property just yet.
According to BuckheadView's recap of an August meeting, SkyHouse Buckhead would boast one-, two- and three-bedroom units with "high-end finishes and floor-to-ceiling glass." The first floor is a common area; up top, there's a rooftop amenities deck. An open-air terrace and tennis court will crown the parking structure. If SkyHouse South (as in Midtown South) is any kind of indicator, a one-bedroom apartment would be in the neighborhood of 700 square feet and cost residents anywhere from $798 to $1610 in rent. That project is, at least according to its website, currently "pre-leasing for January 2014."
— By Curbed Atlanta contributor Tyler Estep
· 364-unit SkyHouse Buckhead apt. project planned by Novare, Batson-Cook and Ackerman & Co partners [Buckhead View]
· More renderings, info [Livable Buckhead]
[Renderings via Smallwood, Reynolds, Stewart, Stewarts & Associates, Inc./Novare Group]
The Toronto police Homicide Squad is investigating after a man was fatally shot in front of a downtown hotel early Sunday. Police have identified the victim as 27-year-old Kabil Abdulkhadir.
Police officers work to keep control of the scene after a shooting outside the Marriott Downtown Eaton Centre Hotel. ( Cole Burston / Toronto Star ) Guests keep warm outside the Marriott. People staying at the hotel are not allowed to enter until further notice from police. ( Cole Burston / Toronto Star )
Toronto police and paramedics were called to the Dundas St. W. and Bay St. area around 2:45 a.m. after reports of gunshots. Paramedics found a man with gunshot wounds in front of the Toronto Marriott Downtown Eaton Centre Hotel on 525 Bay St. They were pronounced dead on scene. Bay St. was closed between Dundas St. W. and Queen St. W. for investigation for most of the morning, before being re-opened at around 1:30 p.m.
Article Continued Below
Emergency Task Force (ETF) officers, the tactical unit of the Toronto Police, could be seen inside the hotel, as well as officers with vests marked “Gang Unit.” A group of ETF officers left the building just before 9 a.m.
Guests keep warm with blankets as they wait to be allowed back into the Marriott hotel. ( Cole Burston/Toronto Star )
Speaking to media just after 11 a.m., Detective-Sergeant Joyce Schertzer explained that the investigation is “really at the beginning stages.” Det. Schertzer said that police would await the post-mortem investigation to determine the “cause and manner of death” of the victim. No suspects have been arrested. Det. Schertzer said that police have not yet confirmed a “concrete suspect description.” Due to reports of a “series” of gunshots, Det. Schertzer said it is possible that there were multiple shooters. “I am not going to assume there was only one firearm,” they said.
Police have conducted several interviews with hotel guests and other witnesses, and intend to conduct a witness and video canvass throughout the Bay and Dundas area. Det. Schertzer urged all witnesses to contact police with any information they may have.
Article Continued Below
Hotel guests can leave the Marriott on foot, but not by car. Guest who have exited the hotel are not allowed to re-enter and check-in is suspended until further notice from police. “The safety and security of our guests and employees is a top priority,” said Felicia McLemore, a spokesperson for Marriott International, in an email to the Star. They added that the staff is co-operating with investigators. Hotel guests barred from entry have been waiting outside the Marriott for hours, wrapped in blankets and sheets provided by the hotel. Several said they could not understand why they were not allowed to enter when they could see guests inside, freely moving around and eating breakfast inside the hotel's dining room. Ahmad Tahir, who is visiting Toronto with their wife and two children from Los Angeles, went out last night with their family. When they returned to the Marriott at approximately 3 a.m., they were refused entry. Tahir approached a police officer in plain clothes. “I asked them how bad it could be when there's people inside … Why can't I take my kids in?” Tahir said. “And they said, ‘Well, would you like your kids to be in there with a gunman?” An officer eventually escorted Tahir and their family back inside. They later went outside to get their van and has not been allowed to re-enter the hotel. Tahir said that around 60 guests had been waiting at the Marriott's south side entrance, and that a few dozen still remain. “It's chaos,” they said. Another guest of the hotel, Bill Martin an engineer from Cincinnati, said they returned from a wedding around 1:30 a.m. At around 2:45, they said they heard “a pop, pop, pop.” “I'm a shooter so I understand guns, and so I thought maybe it was gunfire.” Police in the hallway of the hotel confirmed what they had heard later that morning. “We felt really safe in Toronto,” they said. Erin Grandy, an 18-year-old student at Memorial University, said they were in the hallway of the 11th floor early Sunday morning when another guest at the hotel told them that there had been a shooting outside. “She wasn't sure if the shooter had come inside the hotel,” Grandy said. “We were terrified. We didn't think it was real at first. We thought they were joking, trying to make us quiet down or something. We went back to our room, real quick.” Grandy and their friend Caitlin Bertrand, both from Oakville, stayed at the Marriott overnight to celebrate their friend's 19th birthday. “It's weird for something like this to happen so close to home,” Grandy said.
Read more about:
It's finally time to settle our all-time Big Ten coaches tournament and declare a champion.
We began with 12 legends, and now we're down to the final two contenders. There's not much more left to say than to state the matchup:
No. 3 seed Nebraska's Tom Osborne vs. No. 4 seed Penn State's Joe Paterno
Tournament résumés:
Paterno : For nearly half a century, JoePa was Penn State football. They won a record 409 games, plus two national championships (1982, 1986) and had four other undefeated seasons. They won all four major bowl games -- the Rose, Orange, Fiesta and Sugar -- and was the AFCA national Coach of the Year five times. Yes, their career ended in scandal and a huge chunk of their wins were vacated by the NCAA. You have to decide for yourself how much that affects their legacy.
Osborne: It's hard for any coach to gain near universal respect and admiration, but Osborne achieved it with their illustrious tenure at Nebraska. They went 255-49-3 in leading the Huskers to three national titles in a four-year span (1994, 1995 and 1997), and their teams never won fewer than nine games in a season. Sure, they didn't coach in the Big Ten, but Nebraska is a member school and they were instrumental in getting the school into the league.
Who gets the one shining moment as the winner of our tournament? Your votes decide, and the polling will be open through the weekend. Make sure to drop us a note saying why you voted the way you did. The best responses will run in our results post.
Scottish hammer throw illustration from Frank R.Stockton's book "Round-about Rambles in Lands of Fact and Fancy"
The contemporary version of the hammer throw
World Athletics Championships 2007 in Osaka - Victory Ceremony for Hammer Throw with winner Ivan Tsikhan (middle)
The hammer throw is one of the four throwing events in regular track and field competitions, along with the discus throw, shot put and javelin. The "hammer" used in this sport is not like any of the tools also called by that name. It consists of a metal ball attached by a steel wire to a grip. The size of the ball varies between men's and women's competitions (see Competition section below for details).
Men's Hammer Throw Final - 28th Summer Universiade 2015
Safety net for hammer throw
History [ edit ]
With roots dating back to the 15th century, the contemporary version of the hammer throw is one of the oldest of Olympic Games competitions, first included at the 1900 games in Paris, France (the second Olympiad of the modern era). Its history since the late 1960s and legacy prior to inclusion in the Olympics have been dominated by European and Eastern European influence, which has affected interest in the event in other parts of the world.
The hammer evolved from its early informal origins to become part of the Scottish Highland games in the late 18th century, where the original version of the event is still contested today.
While the men's hammer throw has been part of the Olympics since 1900, the International Association of Athletics Federations did not start ratifying women's marks until 1995. Women's hammer throw was first included in the Olympics at the 2000 summer games in Sydney, Australia, after having been included in the World Championships a year earlier.
Competition [ edit ]
The men's hammer weighs 16 pounds (7.26 kg) and measures 3 feet 11 3⁄ 4 inches (121.3 cm) in length, and the women's hammer weighs 8.82 lb (4 kg) and 3 ft 11 in (119.4 cm) in length.[1] Like the other throwing events, the competition is decided by who can throw the implement the farthest.
Although commonly thought of as a strength event, technical advancements in the last 30 years have evolved hammer throw competition to a point where more focus is on speed in order to gain maximum distance.
The throwing motion involves about two swings from stationary position, then three, four or very rarely five rotations of the body in circular motion using a complicated heel-toe movement of the foot. The ball moves in a circular path, gradually increasing in velocity with each turn with the high point of the hammer ball toward the target sector and the low point at the back of the circle. The thrower releases the ball from the front of the circle.
As of 2015 the men's hammer world record is held by Yuriy Sedykh, who threw 86.74 m (284 ft 6 3⁄ 4 in) at the 1986 European Athletics Championships in Stuttgart, West Germany on 30 August.
The world record for the women's hammer is held by Anita Włodarczyk, who threw 82.98 m (272 ft 2 3⁄ 4 in) during the Kamila Skolimowska Memorial on 28 August 2016.
All-time top 25 hammer throwers [ edit ]
Men [ edit ]
Updated August 2015
Notes [ edit ]
Below is a list of all other throws superior to 86.50 metres:
Yuriy Sedykh 86.66 m (1986). Sedykh also threw 86.68 m and 86.62 m ancillary marks during world record competition.
Non-legal marks [ edit ]
Ivan Tsikhan of Belarus also threw 86.73 on 3 July 2005 in Brest, but this performance was annulled due to drugs disqualification.
Women [ edit ]
Correct as of June 2018.[3]
Notes [ edit ]
Below is a list of throws equal or superior to 78.00 m:
Anita Włodarczyk also threw 82.87 m (2017), 82.29 m (2016), 81.77 m (2016), 81.74 (2016), 81.63 m (2017), 81.27 m (2016), 81.08 m (2015), 80.85 m (2015), 80.79 m (2017), 80.73 m (2017), 80.69 m (2017), 80.42 m (2017), 80.40 m (2016), 80.31 m (2016), 80.26 m (2016), 79.80 m (2017), 79.73 m (2017), 79.72 m (2017), 79.68 m (2016, 2017), 79.67 m (2016), 79.63 m (2017), 79.62 m (2016), 79.61 m (2016), 79.59 m (2018), 79.58 m (2016), 79.48 m (2016), 79.45 m (2016), 79.39 m (2016), 79.27 m (2017), 79.23 m (2017), 79.07 m (2017), 79.06 m (2017), 78.94 m (2018), 78.76 m (2014), 78.74 m (2018), 78.69 m (2016), 78.59 m (2017), 78.55 m (2018), 78.54 m (2016), 78.52 m (2017), 78.46 m (2013), 78.35 m (2017), 78.30 m (2010), 78.28 m (2015), 78.24 m (2015), 78.22 m (2013), 78.17 m (2014), 78.16 m (2015), 78.14 m (2016), 78.10 (2016), 78.00 m (2017).
Tatyana Lysenko also threw 78.51 m (2012) and 78.15 m (2013)
Betty Heidler also threw 78.07 m (2012) and 78.00 m (2014).
Non-legal marks [ edit ]
The following athletes had their performances (over 77.00 m) annulled due to doping offences:
Olympic medalists [ edit ]
Men [ edit ]
Women [ edit ]
World Championships medalists [ edit ]
Men [ edit ]
Women [ edit ]
Season's bests [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Three top chefs take a healthful test
The challenge: Reduce the calories fat and sodium in a favorite dish and see if diners can tell.
The idea for the experiment came from a 2010 study in the journal Obesity in which researchers asked 432 chefs from around the U.S. if they could reduce the calories in their menu items by 10% to 25% without customers noticing. A whopping 93% of the chefs thought it would be possible; most said they'd do it by changing out ingredients rather than shrinking portions. (In America, we like our portions big.)
Then we shipped the food off to a lab to be tested for fat, calorie and sodium content.
That's the experiment we did with chefs at three high-end restaurants in L.A. Each made a dish on their menu two ways: the usual way and then with calories, fat and sodium content trimmed to an extent they thought customers wouldn't notice. Diners did a side-by-side blind tasting.
But what if chefs helped us out — and lowered the fat and calories in their favorite dishes by as much as 25% while preserving the deliciousness?
Restaurant diners are accountable for what they put in their mouths. Fried chicken too fattening? Order a salad and ask for the dressing on the side. Giant potato with mushroom gravy fit to see you through a marathon? Skip it and get the steamed artichoke with vinaigrette.
Since Americans eat out an average of four to five times a week, the calorie savings could be sizable, says study lead author Julie Obbagy of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, who conducted the research while a graduate student at Penn State in University Park.
Cream, butter, oil, sugar, salt: Chefs know what items get our taste buds going, and some load up on the stuff to make lower-quality ingredients taste better. But many are also adept at subbing in lower-calorie items without compromising flavor, using lower-fat proteins, skinnier sauces, herbs to give zest and vegetable purees as a stand-in for the rich mouth-feel of fat.
But was 25% truly achievable with ease — without provoking diner complaints?
Three noted chefs agreed to be part of our challenge: Susan Feniger of Susan Feniger's Street restaurant in Los Angeles, Josiah Citrin of Mélisse in Santa Monica and Daniel Mattern of Ammo in Los Angeles. They're all known for using high-quality fresh produce, often from local farmers markets, as well as top-notch ingredients overall. When they use butter, oil and cream, they do so sparingly instead of drowning food in fatty sauces.
Read on to see how they did (some numbers have been rounded).
Street
Feniger and Kajsa Alger (executive chef and Feniger's partner in the restaurant) cooked a dish called mabo tofu at Feniger's home. Two neighbors were invited over for the taste test.
Feniger used ground marinated pork and baked tofu for the regular recipe. They used ground chicken for the lower-calorie version — without marinade, to reduce the sodium — and a less-dense tofu with less fat and fewer calories.
"This is a really fantastic tofu, and we use it all the time," Alger says. "I've never looked at the calories, because tofu is healthy." The calorie difference is appreciable, though — 130 calories per 3 ounces versus 70 calories.
Both dishes included chopped yu choy greens (a vegetable with green stalks and supple leaves often used in Asian cooking), a little olive oil and mabo sauce (three kinds of soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, fermented soy beans, bean paste and chile flakes).
As Feniger sizzles the chicken in a large saute pan and adds the lighter tofu, they notice that without much fat the dish is steaming more than browning. "It's sure going to be a fresher dish, right?" they say. Adding the mabo sauce renders both recipes almost identical in appearance, and that is part of their plan to disguise the differences. Also, ground pork and ground chicken are hard to tell apart when cooked.
Neighbors Jack and Laila Nilles, retirees and avid foodies, sit at Feniger's backyard table in the middle of a warm, sunny afternoon and take several bites of each dish. "They're both good," Laila says. "This one is spicier," they add, pointing to the chicken, "but wonderful."
UN Relief and Works Agency spokesperson Chris Gunness reported this evening that the Israeli army is privately briefing diplomats on the fact that its previous claims about their attack on a UN-run girls' school in the Gaza Strip, which caused over 100 civilian casualties, were baseless.
The attack occurred yesterday, when Israeli mortars deliberately fired three shells at the school, which was filled with hundreds of displaced civilians at the time, killing at least 46 and wounding 55 others. As international outrage began to well over the enormous civilian toll of the attack, Israel declared the killings “according to procedures” and claimed Hamas had fired rockets from the school's courtyard, making the attack on hundreds of innocent civilians self-defense.
Much was made of the claim, including reports that Israel was mulling filing a formal complaint to the United Nations about Hamas' use of the facility. But as the United Nations poked holes in the official story, Israel is now backing off those claims.
And while Israel had previously claimed to have had proof to back up its story, Gunness says the military is now conceding that the mortar fire they previously claimed came from the school came from elsewhere in the refugee camp. Though Israel is trying to keep its admission of guilt relatively quiet (far more quiet than its allegations that the killings were justified) it will doubtless pay a further price in the court of international public opinion for having once again deliberately targeted a building full of innocent civilians.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
A bitcoin logo displayed at the Inside Bitcoins conference and trade show, Mon., April 7, 2014 in New York. (Photo11: Mark Lennihan, AP)
SAN FRANCISCO — The Russian government can't decide whether to ban bitcoin and other so-called crypto-currrencies over fears they could be used by terrorists and criminals to hide illicit economic activity.
But in the U.S., a sizable amount of transparent, legal business activity is already developing around these new payment technologies.
These currencies are based on blockchain, a digital ledger for recording and confirming transactions made possible by a relatively new communication protocol.
Start-ups using the technology have so far focused mostly on financial services, such as the guarantee of property title, the verification of electronic signatures or the transfer of online, peer-to-peer payments.
Now, though, investments in so-called blockchain start-ups are starting to spread outside the financial services industry, as seen during a conference at the Kabuki Hotel here this week.
New companies are pursuing markets as diverse as the authentication of luxury goods and the buying and selling of gift cards.
The Future of Money and Technology Summit took place amid a rebound in bitcoin's price, the rapid consolidation in the business of ‘mining' digital currency and a surge in blockchain investing.
Venture capital investment in blockchain start-ups this year has reached $482 million, up more than five-fold from 2013, according to a research report out this week from Goldman Sachs.
Thanks to the burgeoning number of digital-currency apps coming from these start-ups, the technology looks primed to underpin a growing number of mobile, online consumer services.
“This decentralized, cryptography-based solution cuts out the middle man. It has the potential to redefine transactions…in a multitude of industries,” Goldman's Robert Boroujerdi wrote in their report this week.
As bets on bitcoin and other digital currencies grow, so does the nascent economic activity based on them.
An executive with BitPay, based in Atlanta and among the largest crypto-currency payment processors, said Wednesday that the number of transactions the exchange cleared on Black Friday rose 112% from last year.
The surge was part of a record month for the company in November, says Sonny Singh, BitPay's chief commercial officer.
More than half the transaction activity came from overseas, Singh said during a panel discussion at the Future of Money confab.
BitPay raised $30 million in a Series A round in May 2014.
Veteran investor Bill Tai, during that same panel, revealed that mining start-up BitFury now accounts for about one-sixth of new bitcoin mining activity.
That's up by more than a third from last year, when I spoke at this same show with Tai, who has a stake in BitFury.
Mining requires massive computing resources to break into encrypted codes and create new units of digital currency.
Like its rivals in China, Amsterdam-based BitFury has produced its own line of computer chips customized for mining. It's also raised a total of $60 million.
In a far different market, San Mateo, Calif.-based ZapChain is a seed-stage company enabling peer-to-peer ‘tipping' on social news and recommendations sites.
Meanwhile, Chronicled, a San Francisco-based start-up, wants to get luxury goods makers to use the blockchain to stop fakes and forgeries.
The company is backed by Pantera Capital, which has made about 40% of its blockchain investments overseas, according to partner Daniel Morehead.
While regulation was a big risk two years ago, “most countries have been reasonable” about allowing use of the technology, Morehead says.
Back in April, Goldman Sachs, along with venture firms General Catalyst Partners, Accel Partners and Breyer Capital, took a stake in Boston-based, bitcoin start-up Circle Internet Financial as part of a $50 million funding round.
As more deep-pocketed U.S. investors make bigger blockchain bets, look for the pace of innovation based on the technology to accelerate.
Follow USA TODAY technology columnist John Shinal @johnshinal
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1QiMfXx
On the Steelers: Wallace could leave in offseason, but, for now, that seems unlikely
Hines Ward will not be the only receiver in danger of leaving the Steelers before the 2012 season begins.
One of the Young Money trio's contract expires, and, whether Mike Wallace returns, could depend on several factors inside and outside the organization.
Wallace becomes a restricted free agent in March, and, while the Steelers partially can protect their rights to them by offering them a one-year tender, there is no guarantee another team might see more value in them and try to sign him.
The Steelers likely will tender them a contract high enough -- those numbers have yet to be determined by the league -- to guarantee that, if someone else signs him, the Steelers would receive a first-round draft choice in return or be able to match the contract and keep him. They also could negotiate a long-term deal with Wallace before they become a restricted free agent.
Veteran Jerricho Cotchery, who signed a one-year contract with the Steelers in August after asking for and receiving their release from the New York Jets, is a different case. Cotchery will be an unrestricted free agent and, while the Steelers would like them back, they will not offer them big money, and they could look for a team on which they could start.
Losing Ward, Wallace and Cotchery would be a blow to a receiving corps that blossomed in its transition over the past two seasons. Chances are good, however, that they will be able to keep Wallace. Antonio Brown, whose unexpected and phenomenal season earned them the MVP vote from their teammates, will return along with Emmanuel Sanders for their third seasons.
"We know the direction in which we are going with the receiving corps," Sanders said.
Sanders, who began the season as the No. 3 receiver, had a tough year with foot and knee injuries, but they finished strong and led them in receiving Sunday in Denver with six receptions for 81 yards.
Wallace and Brown each produced 1,000-yard seasons, both made the Pro Bowl, but they did it in very different ways.
Wallace had 377 receiving yards in their first three games, but slumped badly in the second half of the season with only 395 yards in the final eight. Brown began no better than No. 4 to start the season, but came on in a big way in the second half and was promoted to starter.
They were asked the other day if they reached their expectations in 2011.
"I think I surpassed them," Brown said. "I came into training camp as the No. 4 receiver. I was prepared to get extra opportunities. I got a lot of opportunities and I took advantage of them. I continued to get better as the season progressed."
Brown made the Pro Bowl as a return man after becoming the first player in NFL history to have a 1,000-yard season in both receiving and returns. They also received the fifth-most votes among receivers for the Pro Bowl.
If the Steelers keep Wallace and Sanders can shake the injuries that dogged them this season, they will have one of the best young receiving corps in the league. Counting veteran tight end Heath Miller, third on the team with 51 receptions, quarterback Ben Roethlisberger again will have targets both big, fast and quick.
"We could be a lot better," Brown proclaimed. "One aspect of our game is to get better in the red zone. We have to take that approach and mentality of wanting to be better into the offseason."
For more on the Steelers, read the blog Ed Bouchette on the Steelers at www.post-gazette.com/plus . Ed Bouchette: ebouchette@post-gazette.com and Twitter @EdBouchette
First published on January 12, 2012 at 12:00 am
Illegal immigrants in the state of Maine now have access to in-state tuition discounts to all state institutions of higher learning, according to a Saturday report from the Bangor Daily News.
Undocumented students in the state of Maine now have access to in-state tuition discounts which save students in the state an average of $12,000 per year. According to a spokesperson from the University of Maine, only undocumented students who have obtained temporary protections from the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that began in 2013 are eligible for in-state tuition benefits.
According to the report, 429 undocumented students in the state of Maine have received “temporary social security numbers, work permits, and protection from deportation under DACA.” So far, 13 undocumented students enrolled at state institutions throughout the state had chosen to disclose their DACA status to administrators.
The admissions process at Maine colleges does not ask for the immigration status of applicants but does ask for financial information on the applicant's parents in order to calculate a student's eligibility for financial aid. According to the report, non-U.S. citizens are generally not eligible for federal financial aid.
The report in the Bangor Daily News profiles student Fernando Martinez, whose family fled El Salvador when they were four years old. Martinez became one of the first students under the federal program to receive in-state tuition in Maine. Martinez claimed that they were grateful for the system because their status as an illegal immigrant prevents them from applying for federal college loans.
“This is such a great thing,” they said. “It only makes sense … there are so many kids who would love to get this.”
Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow them on Twitter @tciccotta or email them at tciccotta@breitbart.com
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
The attorney generals for the District of Columbia and Maryland stood before the media and made a devastating point by point case for why Donald Trump is violating the Constitution and why it is up to them to do something about it.
Maryland and the District of Columbia are working together as we speak to perform a major lawsuit against Trump, arguing that their potential business dealings with foreign entities and lack of reporting them “undermined public trust and violated constitutional bans against self-dealing,” due to the fact that they are still involved with their business, the Trump Organization. High attorneys general from both areas say that this is a major violation of the Constitution.
Video:
This lawsuit is unprecedented. No other state or district has ever tried to sue a president for violating the constitution. Both attorneys have specific evidence that shows that Trump had violated emoluments of the constitution, by both accepting foreign and federal benefits and gifts. The president is not allowed to accept any other gifts from the government besides their salary. Maryland Attorney General Brian Frosh had this (via PBS) to say when they detailed the concerns they have for American foreign relations due to Trump's potentially nefarious acts:
“We have economic interests that are impacted, but the most salient factor is that when the president is subject to foreign influence, we have to be concerned about whether the actions he's taking — both at home and abroad — are the result of payments that they are receiving at the Trump Hotel, payments that they are receiving at Mar-a-Lago, payments that they are receiving at Trump Tower, payments that they are receiving in all of their other far-flung enterprises, and they brag about it,”
The lawsuit also focuses on the fact that Trump continues to have ownership of their business during their Presidency, which is a major conflict of interest.
Finally, the lawsuit is also being filed because both attorneys fear that there may be “self-interested motivations grounded in the international and domestic business dealings in which President Trump's personal fortune is at stake,” which makes Trump appear to be more focused on running their shady business with other countries than running the country that they got elected to serve. Furthermore, it alleges that Trump misused their presidential office to profit from their hotels, increasing the price of rooms tremendously since the election
Trump is using their presidency and our country as a tool to make their billion dollar business even richer. Their foreign and domestic conflicts of interest are one of the many reasons why they are unfit to serve, and this lawsuit brings those facts to light.
Good news has been hard to come by this season for the Knicks. But we've got something for you on this football Sunday: Carmelo Anthony won't be fasting during the season.
“Oh hell no,” they said earlier this week. “Did you see what happened to me last year? Not yet. Summertime.”
Last season, Anthony went on a 15-day fast known as the “Daniel Fast” that concluded in mid-January. It's something Anthony said they do regularly.
It seemed to impact their performance a bit.
Anthony's field-goal percentage during the fast was three percent lower during the fast than the percentage he'd established for the season. Their 3-point percentage was the same but their first-quarter scoring -- a strength of their game last season -- was down significantly.
This year, Anthony's been one of the few bright spots for the Knicks (15-25).
He's scoring 26.1 points per game, the second-highest total in the NBA. Anthony's also averaging a career-high nine rebounds per game.
You can follow Ian Begley on Twitter.
Cohen: Seahawks show championship spirit in failed comeback vs Panthers
Photo: Grant Halverson, Getty Images CHARLOTTE, NC - JANUARY 17: Jonathan Stewart #28 of the Carolina...
The Seattle Seahawks' NFC divisional round matchup with the Carolina Panthers was supposed to be a heavyweight fight.
Strikingly similar teams -- featuring MVP candidates in two of the best young quarterbacks in the league, plus a couple of the NFL's best overall defenses -- the squads faced each other frequently enough over the last couple of years to stoke a budding rivalry.
Many expected the game to be a 12-round slugfest, but the fight looked all but over at the opening bell.
Ding, ding.
It started with a punch straight to the mouth when Panthers running back Jonathan Stewart took the ball up the middle of the Seahawks' top-ranked rushing defense for a 59-yard gain. Three plays later, they punched it in from 4-yards out to give Carolina a 7-0 lead minutes into the game.
Then, while the Seahawks defense tried to regroup on their own sideline, the Panthers doubled their lead by taking advantage of what was Seattle's weak point for much of the season: the oft-scrutinized offensive line.
Running back Marshawn Lynch lost three yards in their first carry since mid-November after Carolina defensive tackle Star Lotulelei blew by left guard Justin Britt on Seattle's first offensive play of the game. On the next play, it was Kawann Short's turn to take advantage of an overmatched Britt, busting through the middle and pressuring quarterback Russell Wilson into an errant throw to Lynch that was picked off and returned for a 14-yard touchdown by Panthers All-Pro linebacker Luke Kuechly.
It was a stunning start for a Seahawks team unaccustomed to being pushed around, but the Panthers found Seattle's weakness and hit them squarely in their glass jaw.
It got worse.
Led by presumptive league MVP Cam Newton, Carolina scored 24 points on their first four offensive drives, staking themselves to a 31-0 lead with 6:26 left in the first half. The Seattle defense that led the NFL in scoring for the past four seasons and gave up just one offensive score in their last six road games ended up surrendering three in a matter of 20 minutes.
Ding, ding.
If the contest had indeed been a boxing match, the refs may have stopped the fight then and there, and no one would have blamed them. But though stunned, the Seahawks never let themselves stay on the mat, and showed their fight in a thrilling second half.
"We didn't start the way we wanted to," Wilson said afterward. "But the best part about our football team -- it shows that we've been doing it all year -- is our resilience. ... We had no doubts in our minds that we could still win the game. We showed that all the way to the end."
According to head coach Pete Carroll, Seattle's willingness to fight back after a nightmarish first half was a hard-wired component of the roster.
"There wasn't a guy in the locker room (at halftime) who didn't think we were going to win the football game," Carroll told reporters. "These guys totally believe that they can do whatever they've got to do. They believe in one another. They love each other. They care about it so much that they would do stuff like that and show you who they are and what they're all about."
CHARLOTTE, NC - JANUARY 17: Cam Newton #1 of the Carolina Panthers meets Russell Wilson #3 of the Seattle Seahawks on the field after the NFC Divisional Playoff Game at Bank of America Stadium on January 17, 2016 in Charlotte, North Carolina. less CHARLOTTE, NC - JANUARY 17: Cam Newton #1 of the Carolina Panthers meets Russell Wilson #3 of the Seattle Seahawks on the field after the NFC Divisional Playoff Game at Bank of America Stadium on January 17, ... more Photo: Jamie Squire, Getty Images Photo: Jamie Squire, Getty Images Image 1 of / 97 Caption Close Cohen: Seahawks show championship spirit in failed comeback vs Panthers 1 / 97 Back to Gallery
After regrouping in their corner, the Seahawks started clawing back, starting with the first play of the second half, a 50-yard kickoff return from super-rookie Tyler Lockett.
Ding, ding.
Wilson threw spectacular touchdown passes to Jermaine Kearse and Lockett in Seattle's first two drives of the half, making the score 31-14 midway through the third quarter. The suddenly on-rhythm offense combined with a defense that reverted to its championship form against a Panthers team that seemed uncomfortable holding the lead.
Suddenly, it looked as if the Seahawks were capable of making the most unlikely of comebacks.
Ding, ding.
"We get in these situations. We know that it's a tough hole that we put ourselves in," wide receiver Doug Baldwin said. "But nothing is ever final until that clock has no more time on it. So we're going to fight 'till the last second."
Missteps on the Seahawks' fruitless third drive of the half cost them time and a time out, and though they scored 10 in the fourth quarter to shrink the deficit to seven points, the greatest come-from-behind victory in franchise history proved just out of reach for Seattle when Carolina linebacker Thomas Davis came down with an onside kick attempt with 1:11 remaining.
Newton and the Panthers offense took the field for the final few plays, and the Seahawks' season was over, and with it a chance at a third straight Super Bowl appearance.
But after a 2015 campaign that saw the team overcome a 2-4 start, repeated blown fourth-quarter leads and injuries to some of their biggest stars, Seattle's determination to keep going Sunday revealed its character.
"You look at this game, it's kind of like a microcosm of the season," Carroll said. "We struggled so much to get going, and it took us a long time. When we finally did, we caught fire and we got rolling."
"Everybody in here feels like we just ran out of time," Carroll continued. "There wasn't quite enough time to get this thing done. I couldn't be more proud of the way everybody hung and fights -- but not just for today -- for how this team plays and how we've been all season long. The message was very clear about what they're all about. I think they just proved it today."
In the end, they don't hang banners for moral victories, and the team's ultimately unsuccessful comeback likely won't be remembered alongside their blowout Super Bowl XLVIII victory, or their heart-stopping NFC championship game win and Super Bowl heartbreak the following season.
But perhaps more than any of those matchups, Sunday's loss embodied the resilient spirit of a championship-level Seattle team made up of fighters who thrived on overcoming expectations: They took a punch, got knocked to the ground again and again, then fought fiercely until the final bell.
"We stay at it," cornerback Richard Sherman explained afterward. "We stay the course. Our team has a ton of resolve, so we never lost confidence. We never doubted ourselves. We believed we were going to win."
In the end, the judges' decision didn't go their way, but they went down throwing haymakers.
Ding, ding.
Visit seattlepi.com for more Seattle Seahawks news. Contact sports editor Stephen Cohen at stephencohen@seattlepi.com or @scohenPI.
By: Logan Alexander
Victory against Orlando seems so long ago, but the feeling of confidence and momentum is still a remaining constant in the side from Jacksonville, and for their fans as well. Under the tenure of Tony Meola there is a sense of hope. There is a devotion of trust being ensured into the gaffer and the squad that they can challenge come time for the regular season, especially after earning results of 1-0 and 2-1 against Philadelphia and Orlando respectively. Be reminded that it still is only preseason and to not look into score lines to deeply, but these results do pose as massive feats. Though, when a tough New York Red Bulls team travel to the Bold City to face the Armada, questions will be answered. Is Jacksonville Armada the real deal this year under the head of Meola? Or, is this team surfing on an emotional high (in which they defeated two MLS teams), that will end Saturday night?
UNF v. Armada
Just two nights ago Jacksonville Armada traveled to local college, University of North Florida, and played to a 0-0 draw with the 2015 Atlantic-Sun Conference Champions. Armada retained possession and control the whole match but could not craft a body blow opportunity to put the college club behind them. Much of what was generated by the attack of the Fleet led to worthless strikes and the boys in blue had the worst time trying to find the target, or even test the UNF keeper. Kudos to the Ospreys, though. A well set up defense with constant communication all game enabled the side to shut down Armada attacks all night, creating a wall that could not be broken down. One important note about the match against UNF is that promising trialist, Charles Eloundou, went down with a broken foot and will be out of the contest with Red Bulls.
Last Time Out against New York
5-2 was the final scoreline when Jacksonville traveled to Orlando to face New York Red Bulls in what was a closed door friendly, and also the first match of the season for the Fleet. If you missed the recap of NYRB vs. Armada behind closed doors, here you go!
What to Expect
First, for New York Red Bulls. The 2015 Supporters Shield Winners, as well as the entirety of the MLS, begin their regular season in just over a week on March 6th. With a date against Toronto FC on opening day, NYRB plan to end their preseason strongly in a winning way at Community First Park on Saturday evening. Fully expect Red Bulls to be the toughest match of the year for the Armada. Like mentioned before, the regular season isn't far away for the visitors, meaning they will in fact be playing physically and with purpose the full match. Also, expect the first team to be on the field for a long time. Starters have begun to reach match fitness and the time for assessment has almost fully passed. During a quick interview with Red Bulls manager Jesse Marsch, they stated to me that “Jacksonville is a big step as to the way our season will go. We (New York Red Bulls) will be looking for a result.” With the mindset of New York fully focused on success in the MLS coming up, Jacksonville will find it difficult to break this side down and hold them at bay during the match.
It will take everything for Jacksonville to defeat New York this Saturday at the Park. The difference between the two teams is how they are thinking. For Jacksonville, the friendly with Red Bulls is one that they want to win of course, but the end result does not speak as loud for the hosts as it does for the MLS giants. Once again, squad rotation will be key for Meola's men as they are still trying to figure out the best lineup to deploy for the Armada for the upcoming season in the NASL. Expect Jacksonville to play just as competitive as New York in hopes to finish out with a 3-0 record against MLS teams this year, and 4-0 all time against teams in Major League Soccer.
Match Notes
We have witnessed Tony Meola reveal playing in both a 3-5-2 formation and a 4-3-3 formation, which bodes the question, what formation will be used on Saturday? In January when the two sides met, Jacksonville played a 3-5-2 formation which let in five goals which is a stat that was a bit worrying. Though, this was the first game where the three at the back formation was ever used. But as of lately, Meola has favored the 4-3-3 formation which defeated Orlando 2-1. Look, here's the situation with this matchup. New York Red Bulls possess one of the most dominant midfields in the league with a partnership of two U.S. internationals in Sacha Kljestan and Dax McCarty, both playmakers on the field who have excelled in recent years, especially 2015 when they combined for 22 assists from the midfield. Both of these guys can completely disrupt any defense and they are a duo to keep your eyes on. With an addition of Felipe/ or Gonzalo Verón playing in a Central midfield role under Bradley Wright-Phillips, the midfield is lethal but can be contained. Take a look at the wingers and the striker role.
Anatole Abang, Lloyd Sam, Mike Grella, Shaun Wright-Phillips, Bradley Wright-Phillips. All creative figures playing forward for New York Red Bulls, all have an eye for goal, and all are difficult to control. In 73 appearances for NYRB, Bradley Wright-Phillips has scored 45 goals and has even claimed the MLS Golden Boot two years ago. This striker has a nose for goal and always seems to find themselves in correct positions in front of the net.  They are good with their head and a clinical striker who cannot be a lost mark on Saturday night. BWP has a creation side to how they play unlike any other striker in the league, leading the player to seven assists last year in the MLS. The other four players listed above are all explosive and can create many opportunities during a match.
Abang is a 19-year-old Cameroonian winger who rushed onto the scene of the first team for NYRB after success for NYRB2 in the United Soccer League (Red Bulls reserve side in third division). In 17 appearances for the senior side, Abang scored four goals. Two things to watch for when it comes to this player is their burst of speed down the wing and their mental side of the game at such a young age.
Mike Grella and Lloyd Sam are the playmakers and consistent starters on the wing who performed exceptionally last year. Grella accounted for nine goals and seven assists, while Sam finished the year with ten goals and seven assists. These two wingers, along with the phenom known as BWP in the league, were the main figures that led New York to much of their success last year.
Shaun Wright-Phillips was listed because they are a speedy winger who used to play for Manchester City, Chelsea, and Queens Park Rangers. Down the line they can out pace much of their opposition and has experience in the attack. Though they are aging and has not had much play time the past few years professionally. SWP is at the bottom of the pecking order behind the others listed, but they can be a threat if they catch fire and they aren't a player to forget. Also I'm biased and I love them so much so deal with it.
Now, after essentially breaking down every part of the Red Bulls squad, aside from the defense, this leads to my answer to the formation question for the Armada. Play a 3-5-2 against New York. But to have success against Red Bulls, the lineup has got to play perfectly. When in attack there needs to be three defenders back, and in defense the wingback have got to track back and support. With a midfield consisting of Richie Ryan and Lucas Scaglia or Nico Perea, whoever starts centrally can handle the playmakers for the opposition in McCarty and Kljestan. Main focus is in the attack. Matt Bahner and Bryan Burke can not be caught too far up during the match and are the keys to success for Jacksonville. There is a fear that if these two players lose themselves in this game, it will be lost for the Fleet. Main point, a perfectly played 3-5-2 will handle the New York Red Bulls midfield and attack. A 4-3-3 is worrying because the team would not get enough numbers back on the defense which will hurt them, especially since they are up against Red Bulls. Though, Meola has their own though processes. Four at the back has worked and has been the formation the manager has reverted to the past few weeks so we will see if they look to shake up the lineup or not for NYRB.
Also, will the Armada challenge a Red Bulls defense that is the weaker side of the team? New York have recently signed Matt Miazga's replacement, Gideon Baah, a young Ghanaian from HJK Helsinki who has featured for the Ghana National Team one time. Armada's key is to challenge them early and make them uncomfortable in their new side. Speaking of, the whole defensive side of the ball for NYRB is full of young players that do not possess much experience. Chris Duvall is 24, Kemar Lawrence at 23, Baah is 24. The only player with quite a bit of experience with Olympique de Marseille and Wolverhampton is Ronald Zubar, though they have only featured twelve times for New York. A young defense who are still working to link up together is prey that Jacksonville needs to attack. High press from Jemal Johnson, Pascal Millien, and Alhassane Keita can play the Red Bulls defense off of their game, opening the match up for mistakes and opportunities in the Armada's favor. It is highly important for the Armada forwards to play with tempo starting right out of the gates, winning in regards to the mental aspect of the match early on.
Jacksonville Key to Victory
Jacksonville needs to play smartly throughout the ninety minutes on the pitch, and also need to play with a mentality of taking it to the superior opposition. Give nothing up to New York Red Bulls. Fight for every loose ball, play with heart on sleeve, finish chances created. Be clinical.
New York Red Bulls Key to Victory
New York Red Bulls have got to control the midfield, McCarty and Kljestan need to pull all of the strings and dominate. Include the wingers into the attacks, do not remain focused on sending the ball to Bradley Wright-Phillips every opportunity. Spread the play. Sam and Grella need touches and opportunity for impact.
Defense needs to be calm and composed throughout the game. No loss of focus, because Jacksonville Armada can and will pounce on given opportunities.
Match Details
Kick off is set for 6pm on Saturday night, February 27th at Community First Park in Jacksonville, FL. You can catch the game locally on CW17 in Jacksonville, or streams may be provided online.
Advertisements
​The Liberal government pulled back the curtain Friday on its plan to reboot Canada's involvement in UN peacekeeping, committing to a specific range of troops and rebranding hundreds of millions of dollars in international programs.
Following a caucus retreat in the windswept Saguenay region of Quebec, the government said it will spend $450 million over three years on a peace and stabilization fund. The fund is not all new money; it replaces an existing Global Affairs Department task force.
As part of the initiative, the RCMP will see its international peacekeeping fund renewed and topped up to almost $47 million.
'It is important that when we go into engagements internationally that we be clear-eyed around what we hope to deliver.' - Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
The announcement was made by Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, International Development Minister Marie-Claude Bibeau, Foreign Affairs Minister Stéphane Dion and Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale at a military air base in nearby Bagotville, Que.
What was left unanswered by the full-court press of ministerswere some of the important and perhaps messier questions, such as where the up to 600 troops and roughly 150 police officers might be headed, and what sort of conditions will be put on Canadian involvement in war-torn regions.
​Sajjan acknowledged some of the missions under consideration have the potential to be dangerous.
Later in the day, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said more homework and consultation with allies was necessary before deciding which UN missions would receive Canadian troops, leadership or equipment.
Foreign Affairs Minister Stéphane Dion expands on Canada's challenges and advantages on UN peacekeeping missions. 1:35
The government's challenge will be to avoid getting the country dragged into intractable conflicts with no clear objective or exit strategy.
That was one of the early failings of the Kandahar combat mission, and Trudeau seemed mindful of it Friday as they wrapped up their visit to the area.
"As I've said from the very beginning, it is important that when we go into engagements internationally that we be clear-eyed around what we hope to deliver, about what kind of support and outcomes we can offer, at how we are going to achieve those and about how we will continually evaluate whether we're making the best contributions," they said.
There will also be air transport, medical, engineering and training components to Canada's plan, which officials at the UN welcomed on Friday.
Specifics on where the troops might go could come at an international peacekeeping conference in London, England, in two weeks, or when Trudeau visits the UN General Assembly later in September.
Minister of International Development Marie-Claude Bibeau discusses the money and number of troops Canada will send to UN peacekeeping missions 7:55
But sources say the leading candidates for Canadian troop deployments include Mali, Congo and the Central African Republic.
South Sudan is another possibility, but the government there has expressed opposition to a bigger UN deployment.
The Rwandan legacy
The Liberal government, which made a return to peacekeeping one of its core themes in last year's election, was required to commit in writing the number of soldiers it would make available should the UN ask for volunteers as missions arise.
Sajjan recently returned from a five-country scouting mission of possible locations in Africa.
Canada has shied away from UN peacekeeping for more than decade.
The memory of the 1994 Rwandan genocide, massacres in Bosnia and the UN's inability and unwillingness to allow troops to protect civilians still looms large in the memories of Canadian soldiers who served on those missions.
Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan went on a fact-finding trip to Africa earlier this summer to look at possible destinations for a Canadian deployment, but a decision won't likely come until next month. (Jacques Boissinot/Canadian Press)
Sajjan acknowledged the concern but suggested that was then — this is now.
"The African union has actually done a lot of work and the UN has progressed considerably from that time," they said. "The mandate for each mission is important and protection of civilians is a part of it."
There are very few traditional, clean-cut peacekeeping missions in the world, said Dion, who led the news conference. They shut it down while reporters were still peppering them with questions.
"Of course we are aware that our brave men and women in uniform will have to come into tough situations," they said. "Canadians are proud of it and they know we need to do so."
Canada "cannot be absent from peace operation missions," Dion added.
Apple scab on leaves
The two primary diseases affecting apples in the upper Midwest are apple scab and fireblight.
The easiest way to prevent these diseases is to plant resistant varieties.
If you plant susceptible varieties, there are ways to prevent and manage infection.
Keep the area around apple trees tidy and free of debris, fallen fruit and leaves, pruned branches, and weeds throughout the year.
Apple scab on fruit
The first signs of this disease can often be found on the under surface of the leaves as they emerge from the buds in the spring.
Apple scab spores are blown around in the air and land on the under surface of leaves.
As the leaves continue to grow, both surfaces can be infected as can the fruit.
The signs to look for on leaves are velvety, brownish, small circles.
As the infection takes hold, these lesions start to grow together and the surfaces of leaves and fruit become distorted.
Keeping scab infection to a minimum begins with raking and removing leaves from under the tree the previous fall. Planting varieties that are resistant to scab is another way to minimize infection. William's Pride, Freedom, and Liberty are immune to this disease. Honeycrisp has some immunity as well.
If the variety you plant is not immune and you see signs of scab early in the season, the best way to protect the fruit is by covering it with a plastic bag or applying a well-timed spray of organic fungicides such as lime sulfur.
The telltale symptom of fireblight is brown, 'shepherd's crook' shoots.
Fireblight is caused by a bacterial infection that can kill blossoms, shoots, and eventually entire trees. You might see this disease on the trunk or limbs of a tree as a sunken area with discolored bark. As the lesion gets bigger, it begins to crack around the edges and the tree will look like it has been burned, thus the name fireblight.
You also might see the disease developing on new shoots as they grow in the late spring. When shoots are infected, they turn from green to brown to black, also appearing as if burned. The shoot will develop a crook at the end of the shoot.
The best approach to managing fireblight is prevention.
Plant fireblight resistant varieties.
Plant trees in a spot that is well-drained, has full sun and plenty of air circulation.
Keep the area around the tree very clean and free of debris, fallen fruit and foliage, pruning debris and weeds.
Fireblight is most prevalent in young, fast-growing trees. If you see symptoms of the disease, timing is critical because the disease moves quickly through the tree.
Prune out infected shoots at least 6 inches behind the browning area of that shoot.
After each pruning cut, disinfect pruners in a dilute bleach solution so you don't spread the infection with your pruners.
If branches have fireblight lesions, prune those out well behind the infected area. This may affect the look of your tree, but it will potentially save the life of your tree.
Avoid hard pruning while the tree is young (up to 3 years) and limit nitrogen fertilizers, both of which cause excessive growth.
Hail damage
Hail damaged fruit
Hail is common in the upper Midwest, occurring at times during the height of summer. Depending on the size of the hail, time of year, and duration of the hail event, damage can occur on flowers, fruit, foliage, shoots, and branches.
In many cases damage to the tree itself is minimal, and the tree can usually recover.
Monitor the tree for any damaged areas that start to change color or spread.
Hail might cause splits in the bark of shoots and branches, making the tree susceptible to diseases.
Prune out severely damaged branches immediately.
Do not fertilize a hail damaged tree. This would result in excessive vegetative growth, and increase the risk of diseases.
Remove damaged or split fruit as open wounds can attract insect pests and increase chance of disease infection.
If fruit is dented it might be okay, and is worth keeping on the tree. It may result in a bruise, which could be cut out before eating.
Webs of tens of thousands of arachnids combine to form thick netting above trees in north-western Tasmania in ‘mass ballooning event'
Deluged homeowners in Tasmania's north-west are not the only residents of the waterlogged area to seek higher ground.
Vast translucent covers have formed above trees in towns such as Westbury in the wake of storms and the state's worst floods in 40 years.
Graham Milledge, the collection manager in arachnology at the Australian Museum, said the “mass ballooning event” was the result of tens of thousands of spiders converging on what little dry spots remain in parts of the region – their webs combining to form a thick netting.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘While taking these photos my shoes, legs and arms became covered in webs,' said Westbury resident Ken Puccetti
The spiders shoot their webs into the air, hoping wind will catch and pull them to higher ground, allowing them to scramble to safety. “It's a way of dispersing – their way of flying, if you like,” they said.
“Spiders are the major insect predator in the environment and events like this show people just how many spiders there are out there.”
Ballooning spiders “rained” from the sky and blanketed Goulburn, New South Wales, last year after similarly heavy rains.
Photographs of the Westbury webs were taken by a local resident, Ken Puccetti. They told Guardian Australia “the plague” had been seen in an area covering about 800 metres and that “while taking these photos my shoes, legs and arms became covered in webs and I had to brush a number of small spiders off”.
As the price of oil falls below $63 a barrel, OPEC producers have still not agreed on cutting oil production over fears that they will lose their share of the market.
The falling oil prices are hurting Iran which already has a limited quota due to embargoes, but interestingly, the falling prices are also negatively affecting the United States. Saudi Arabia, for its part, refused to reduce production for reasons of its own.
According to the International Energy Agency, oil prices have declined since June due to slow demand and a U.S. shale oil boom which has increased supply in the market. U.S. shale oil is costly to produce but President Obama has invested a lot in this industry in order to cut the U.S. dependence on foreign energy.
If the price of oil continues to drop, the U.S. ambition of becoming the world's biggest oil producer will not be achieved Camelia Entekhabi-Fard
With all the world's oil producers blaming each other, Iran and the U.S. seem to have become closer due to a common interest of fighting their way out of the unsteady oil market.
A continuing drop
If the price of oil continues to drop, the U.S. ambition of becoming the world's biggest oil producer will not be achieved due to the high cost of production. For the U.S., it is uneconomical to produce shale oil if the market price plunges even further and this is may be exactly what some countries, such as Russia, are looking for.
At this point, Iran needs to increase its quota and sales to generate more revenue in light of the cheap oil on the international market. Iran's full-fledged return to the market will affect Saudi Arabia and Russia and this may work in the U.S. interest. So, the oil price plunge seems to have inadvertently pushed the U.S. and Iran together.
This common interest will play a role in the relationship between the two countries, especially when it comes to reaching a comprehensive nuclear deal.
Politicized oil market
OPEC Secretary-General Abdullah al-Badri made an interesting comment on the matter in Dubai on Sunday: "The fundamentals should not lead to this dramatic reduction (in price). Some people say this decision was directed at the United States and shale oil. All of this is incorrect. Some also say it was directed at Iran. And Russia. This also is incorrect," Al-Badri said.
In this highly politicized oil market, Iran and the U.S. resumed the nuclear talks in Geneva on Monday with a bilateral meeting. They will be joined by the P5+1 ( five members of the U.N. security council plus Germany) on Wednesday.
In November, the negotiation period was extended for seven months in the hope that a deal would be reached. With the danger of falling oil prices at the back of their minds, the U.S. and Iran could feel compelled to settle talks faster.
So, if there is any oil production battle going on between the United States, Russia and Saudi Arabia, the bottom-line is that the main beneficiary is Iran.
________________________
Camelia Entekhabi-Fard is a journalist, news commentator and writer who grew up during the Iranian Revolution and wrote for leading reformist newspapers.  They are also the author of Camelia: Save Yourself by Telling the Truth - A Memoir of Iran. They live in New York City and Dubai. They can be found on Twitter: @CameliaFard
Last Update: Monday, 15 December 2014 KSA 11:42 - GMT 08:42
News Release 11-236
Bird Song Yields a New Understanding of Cooperation
A bird duet springs forth from each bird's knowledge of the entire song
The researchers were surprised to find that the brains of both birds had a record of the full duet.
November 3, 2011
This material is available primarily for archival purposes. Telephone numbers or other contact information may be out of date; please see current contact information at media contacts.
The site of a volcano isn't the first place one might think of to study cooperation. But neuroscientist Eric Fortune of Johns Hopkins University and colleagues went to the slopes of Antisana volcano in Ecuador to study cooperation as it plays out with a very special songbird, the plain-tailed wren. Funded in part by the National Science Foundation, the researchers report their observations in the Nov. 4, 2011, issue of Science.
Rapidly alternating their singing back and forth, female and male wrens cooperate to sing a duet that sounds as if a single bird sang it. The researchers assumed that the brain of each bird would have a memory of its own part of the duet, and also have a memory of the cues from its partner. They were surprised to find that both brains had a record of the complete duet--a performance that neither bird can do by itself.
As with humans dancing a tango, one could assume that both people know their own parts of the dance and the cues from their partner, but this research suggests that both partners' brains have a powerful representation of the complete tango performance.
This simple insight from these dueting wrens is a new way to looking at cooperation. Perhaps in human endeavors it is more important to have an image of what a group wants to achieve than each participant's own tasks.
More information on this research is available in this news release from Johns Hopkins University.
-NSF-
The researchers' work is described in the November 4, 2011 issue of the journal Science.
Credit and Larger Version
Media Contacts
Maria C. Zacharias, NSF, (703) 292-8454, email: mzachari@nsf.gov
Lisa Ercolano, Johns Hopkins University, (443) 287 9960, email: lde@jhu.edu
Principal Investigators
Eric S. Fortune, Johns Hopkins University, (410) 516 5520, email: eric.fortune@gmail.com
The National Science Foundation (NSF) is an independent federal agency that supports fundamental research and education across all fields of science and engineering. In fiscal year (FY) 2019, its budget is $8.1 billion. NSF funds reach all 50 states through grants to nearly 2,000 colleges, universities and other institutions. Each year, NSF receives more than 50,000 competitive proposals for funding and makes about 12,000 new funding awards.
Get News Updates by Email
Useful NSF Web Sites:
NSF Home Page: https://www.nsf.gov
NSF News: https://www.nsf.gov/news/
For the News Media: https://www.nsf.gov/news/newsroom.jsp
Science and Engineering Statistics: https://www.nsf.gov/statistics/
Awards Searches: https://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/
An impromptu middle school reunion in Miami-Dade bond court led to tears today after Judge Mindy Glazer recognized that Arthur Booth, the man charged with burglary before her, was their former classmate at Nautilus Middle School in Miami Beach.Booth, 49, was arrested on Monday by Hialeah police. The suspect was spotted driving a gold Honda that matched the description of a vehicle believed to have been involved in a robbery, according to NBC Miami. An officer tried to stop the car, but Booth took off, leading to a police chase. Booth didn't obey stop signs and got into two accidents before eventually crashing the car. They tried to continue fleeing on foot but was eventually caught.He was arrested and charged with various counts of burglary, grand theft, reckless driving, leaving the scene of a crash, fleeing from an officer, criminal mischief, and resisting arrest without violence.Booth was taken to bond court on Monday and Glazer was behind the bench."Did you go to Nautilus?" Glazer asked."Oh my goodness," replied Booth multiple times at first with smiles and then with tears.It turns out that decades ago the pair had been classmates at Nautilus Middle School."I'm sorry to see you here," replied Glazer. "I always wondered what happened to you.""This was the nicest kid in middle school; they were the best kid in middle school," Glazer continued. "I used to play football with him, all the kids, and look what has happened.""What's sad is how old we've become. Good luck to you, sir, I hope you are able to come out of this OK and just lead a lawful life."Glazer, however, set Booth's bond at $43,000, and they have yet to post it.Booth has at least one previous arrest for theft in Miami-Dade back in 2010. The actual case has been assigned to a different judge.
Hello and welcome to a new era of Ducati motorcycles, which is starting with a very special engine. Named the Desmosedici Stradale, this road-going version of the company's MotoGP power plant is what is going to power Ducati's next superbike, the Ducati Panigale V4.
Debuting today in Misano, at a special event ahead of the San Marino GP, the mystery around the Desmosedici Stradale engine has finally been revealed, to the tune of 210hp (@ 13,000 rpm) and 88.5 lbs•ft of torque (@ 12,250 rpm).
Dropping details on the 90° V4 engine with desmodromic valves, we now know that Ducati will continue to play the displacement game with its superbike, as the street version of the Panigale V4 coming with a 1,103cc displacement.
In 2019 however, Ducati will release its “R” spec machine, which will have a 1,000cc displacement, in order to homologation compliant for the World Superbike Championship and other national series.
Ducati CEO Claudio Domenicali says the differing engine sizes is to aid mid-range torque for the street version of the new superbike, as both the street and race versions of the Panigale V4 will come with an 81mm bore, just like Ducati's MotoGP machine.
To replicate the feel of a v-twin engine though, the Desmosedici Stradale engine will have a 70° crank pin offset and a “Twin Pulse” 0-90-290-380 firing order for its pistons, with each side of the V4 engine firing like two sets of v-twin motors.
This should produce good mechanical grip from the 210hp motor, while also adding to the motorcycle's unique character and feel.
Aiding the chassis dynamics as well will be the counter-rotating crankshaft, which will help mitigate rear-wheel lift during braking, and also aid anti-squat during hard acceleration. As expected, this requires the addition of a jackshaft to the engine design, which does rob some power to the rear wheel.
Readily obvious from the photos below is that the 90° engine has been rocked back by 42°, just like on the MotoGP race bike.
The engine also features variable length intake tubes (52mm equivalent), as well as a redesigned desmodromic valvetrain that draws its design inspiration from Ducati's MotoGP program.
Ducati has also confirmed that the engine cases on the Desmosedici Stradale engine will be integral to the chassis, with the rear subframe, swingarm, and headstock/airbox bolting directly to the engine, instead of a separate chassis.
The Desmosedici Stradale engine itself weighs 143 lbs, just 4.8 lbs more than the outgoing 1,285cc Superquadro v-twin engine. Aiding this is the fact that the engine casings are made from die-cast aluminum, while the cylinder sleeves are Nikasil-coated aluminum and the engine covers are die-cast magnesium.
Despite its racing pedigree, the Desmosedici Stradale engine maintains a 15,000-mile service interval, despite being one of most powerful superbike engines ever from the Italian brand.
Source: Ducati
Agar Malwa: A Dalit groom in Agar Malwa district in Madhya Pradesh was accompanied by police personnel from three different police stations after marriage procession was threatened by upper caste men.
Police said that upper castes in Mana village had issued diktat a while back that no Dalit family hosting marriages in the village could use a music band as part of celebrations.
This became a problem for Chandar as they prepared to marry of their daughter Mamta.
The village even threatened to ostracise Chandar and their family by preventing them from using community roads, disallowing them from using common well and grazing their cattle on community field.
A courageous man, Chandar did not bow and approached senior police officers. In response, the administration sent a force from three police stations to accompany the groom in their wedding procession on the day of marriage.
With heavy police presence, the marriage took place peacefully.
According to the ruling of the Wisconsin Supreme Court, Mercedes-Benz should pay a man a sum of $482,000 for selling them a defective car and failing to provide a refund in due time.
Marco Marquez, a business person from Waukesha, WI, was awarded that amount plus legal fees when the court ruled that the German automaker was liable under the Lemon Law of Wisconsin. This law states that a refund must be provided within a 30-day period.
Marquez purchased an E 320 from a dealership in Milwaukee. According to him, the car never could start, even despite repeated attempts at fixing the vehicle. After that, Marquez went to get a refund.
According to Mercedes-Benz, it did not refund immediately because it did not get adequate information regarding Marquez's auto loan. However, the Supreme Court felt that this did not hold water given the circumstances, hence the awarding of almost half a million dollars to the man.
That sum is almost ten times what Marquez paid for their E 320 ($56,000).
Home Daily News Mayonnaise maker's suit claims Just Mayo…
Advertising Law
Mayonnaise maker's suit claims Just Mayo isn't the real thing
Image from Shutterstock.
A lawsuit filed by the maker of Hellmann's and Best Foods mayonnaise claims a new brand called Just Mayo is confusing consumers because the product isn't the real thing.
The suit by Unilever says Just Mayo doesn't meet the Food and Drug Administration's definition of mayonnaise because it isn't made with eggs. The product is made with yellow peas instead of eggs. The suit, filed Oct. 31 in federal court in New Jersey, alleges false advertising and fraud, the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal (sub. req.) report.
Just Mayo is made by the private startup Hampton Creek, which touts its eggless recipe as a benefit. Its founder, Josh Tetrick, told the Times the lawsuit is a symptom of a bigger problem. “This is about something a whole lot larger than our advertising and speaks to the change we need in food production generally,” they said. “We've got to figure out a way to solve the big problems like food's impact on environment and health.”
bigstock
This summer, a panel of genetics experts did something surprising: they put out a list of genetic tests people should not get.
In the age of precision medicine, the genome is our oyster. There are cancer wonder drugs that pinpoint the errant genes that drive tumors. There are longstanding medical mysteries finally being unraveled by DNA sequencing. There is tremendous excitement over the coming age of treatments tailored to you. And there is also this: a very long list of genes for which the best medical understanding of what they mean for our health is essentially a shrug.
The poster child for the uncertainty underlying much of the information in this brave new world is a gene called MTHFR. It produces an important enzyme, but many medical geneticists simply sigh when they hear the gene's clumsy acronym name.
This gene has made its way on to the do-not-test list more than once, because in almost no cases do the tests have any medical utility. Meanwhile, alternative medicine practitioners and Web sites have stepped up their claims that many people -- perhaps anyone with a family history of any disease at all -- should have the gene tested, because the information will help make them healthier.
"There's all this excitement about genetic testing; President Obama talked about how precision medicine is going to empower all of us. So here you have these practitioners saying, 'Let me empower you,'" said Timothy Caulfield, a professor of health law and science policy at the University of Alberta. "It's this fascinating shift from science to bunk, and the shift is made very, very quickly, and often without any real sort of regulatory oversight."
President Obama called for an investment to move away from one-size-fits-all-medicine, toward an approach that tailors treatment to your genes in January. (AP/Carolyn Kaster)
Here is the under-appreciated corollary to the new age of personalized medicine: just because you can do a genetic test, doesn't mean you should.
There's a natural human impulse to search for explanations for health problems, and the genome provides a powerful way to deepen that search. But in addition to the genuine promise that the genome brings, it also creates a niche where science can be exploited and vulnerable people seeking answers misled.
“It's a ripe area for people to claim a scientific basis for stuff that may actually not be true at all, or may have a kernel of truth,” said Robert C. Green, a medical geneticist at Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical School. “We in genomics and society face a choice. Are genomes going to be so democratized and unregulated that we create an entirely fraudulent industry around them?”
Here is what people agree on: MTHFR is a gene that creates an enzyme involved in processing the vitamin folate and in recycling a blood chemical called homocysteine. The products of the MTHFR reaction are involved in lots of important bodily processes, such as DNA synthesis.
There are naturally-occurring variations in the gene that mean it functions less well in some people, sometimes causing high homocysteine levels. In early studies, those high levels were correlated with cardiovascular disease. That generated intense interest in the gene and studies of the common variants of the gene. But the balance of evidence has swung back to deem those tests of "minimal clinical utility," according to the American College of Genetics and Genomics.
Where the disagreement begins is whether those naturally occurring variations -- which are common, carried by as many as 40 percent of individuals in some ethnic groups -- have a health effect.
For MTHFR, “there was this heyday of testing when we had all this preliminary data,” said Elizabeth Varga, a genetic counselor at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Ohio. Then larger, better designed studies began to show that the initial associations didn't hold up.
“So really, the medical community has done an about-face, and that confuses people," Varga said.
Genome pioneers have often bristled at the paternalistic idea that patients can't handle knowing their genomes. But the MTHFR saga highlights something a little more nuanced than a person wrestling with the possibility that they are at elevated risk for Alzheimer's disease. There are more than 3,000 published papers examining this one gene, often of varying quality, and in connection with a slew of frightening diseases. Critics of the test worry that someone without medical training may not understand how to evaluate the nuanced and often contradictory evidence.
Jenny Davis, 48, of West Chester, Ohio, sent their spit away to the company 23andMe because she's interested in genealogy. DNA gave them another way to trace their family tree. But they also suffer from chronic fatigue and pain, and when they got their results back in 2013, they decided to see what else it might tell them and uploaded their results to be analyzed.
“I noticed I had this mutation and I was like, ‘What the heck?' so I started googling it,” Davis said. It was frightening at first, but Davis felt that the test helped them They switched to a new vitamin supplement regimen and says they have much more energy.
But Amanda Webb's quest to understand their 11-year-old daughter's unidentified sickness has been less straightforward. Webb, 37, of Upper Arlington, Ohio, was alarmed when they found out their daughter carried two variants of MTHFR and wondered if it was the key to understanding their daughter's frequent infections with walking pneumonia. They soon found themselves surrounded by contradictions. Web sites had all sorts of information about the gene, but Webb was skeptical of much of it and found they had to be very picky about what they believed. They called Varga and learned, to their disappointment, that the test didn't point to any treatment. When they went to holistic doctors, they told them to change their daughter's diet and take more supplements.
“Unfortunately, there's nothing that they agree upon,” Webb said. They will continue to seek answers and advocate for their daughter, but Webb said it is a tricky situation because “there's no one there to help you, and that's frustrating, as a parent.”
Half a dozen medical specialists contacted for this story said MTHFR testing doesn't reveal actionable information and that while there may be occasional rare exceptions, it should not be done.
“It's very easy to say it's associated with everything. There are lots of small studies associated with psychiatric disorders, with depression, with not feeling good. … Obviously, it's miserable not to feel good, so they're trying to hang their hat on something,” said Charis Eng, chair of the Genomic Medicine Institute at the Cleveland Clinic.
But the test is still ordered by many physicians and sought out by patients. And there are many online forums and Web sites that say the information is useful. One source that many patients with questions stumble on is run by Ben Lynch, a naturopathic practitioner from Seattle. Lynch owns a company that sells supplements. They also run MTHFR.net, a Web site that provides information about the gene and provides health recommendations -- many of which are uncontroversial, such as eating more leafy vegetables and exercise. But they also recommend vitamin supplements, and acknowledged this was a conflict of interest in an interview.
Asked about the absence of large, randomized trials to back up their recommendations, Lynch described their research as drawing heavily on published scientific papers and their own knowledge of biochemistry.
“I'm saying we can't wait for research to prove what I'm doing,” Lynch said.
The potential harms of people seeking out information about MTHFR may seem relatively small. People may pay for genetic tests or supplements that they do not need, and perhaps that money would be better spent on a gym membership or hiking boots, said Muin Khoury, the director of the office of public health genomics at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. But geneticists also worry about families that may decide that a gene is the cause of illness, causing stigma, more unnecessary testing or alarm.
“I think the biggest danger is for the family to ascribe all of this illness in a family and all the baggage that goes along with that to a [gene] variant that may have nothing to do with the underlying cause," said Maren T. Scheuner, vice president of clinical genetics at the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics.
But perhaps most worrisome is the fact that MTHFR isn't alone.
"Right now, we're at the stage where we can discover and study variation in genes at a much faster clip than we can understand what they mean," said Lawrence Brody, director of the division of genomics and society at the National Human Genome Research Institute.
Asked whether there are other partially-understood genes where a confusing situation could arise, Khoury had a glib answer.
“Let me put it simply,” Khoury said. “99 percent or more of the genome falls there.”
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
... a March date twenty two magnitude earthquakes ... centered in any market stocks were also felt in northern Thailand ... one woman was killed in Thailand's northernmost province of Changyou Drive when a wall in their home collapsed on them ... military deaths or injuries were reported in Thailand ... there have been reports of fifteen dead and fourteen in tears in Itamar ... the quake centered in the area were me in my house and Thailand's me ... tremors were felt in Bangkok Centamin are in as far away as Vietnamese capital Hanoi ... technology stocks for that jolted the area ... several earthquakes of magnitude declined to seven had Hits Northern EMR and Thailand in the past fifteen years they were married to a fantasy ... it is a lie
I find it interesting to listen to economists talk about U.S. productivity growth – or the lack thereof. It has been a source of much fretting over the years. The 3+%/year labor productivity growth rates of the 1950s and 1960s slowed to under 2% in the 1970s and then to 1.5% in the 1980-1995 period. There was a heartening rally between 1996 and 2004, when growth returned to its 1950s/1960s levels of 3% — a performance almost universally attributed to the efficiency gains from information technology.
But just as the economists and IT enthusiasts were completing their victory lap, productivity growth headed into the doldrums for a decade — growing at an anemic 1.4%/year from 2005-2014, with the slowdown starting well before the global financial crisis. When the first quarter of 2015 revealed a 3.1% decline on the back of a flat 2013 and +0.7% 2014, it precipitated much wailing and gnashing of teeth. Thankfully, the just-released revisions to the second quarter 2015 growth of 3.3% wiped out the first quarter decline and helped economists breathe a collective sigh of relief that we aren't necessarily going into a hell in a productivity hand basket.
As I read all the productivity analyses and commentary, including the recent one on these pages by the clever folks at the OECD, I am struck that in trying to understand productivity, economists exclusively look at only one half of the productivity equation — literally not figuratively. That impedes their ability to understand what is really going on with productivity in the modern economy.
Most people instinctively think of productivity as a quotient: a physical output (e.g., a ton of coal) divided by a physical input (e.g., labor hours). They wouldn't be wrong; that is where productivity measurement started.
But to say something useful about the comparative productivity of different kinds of enterprises, you can't compare the output “one ton of coal” with “one automobile” to judge the one that used fewer labor hours to be “more productive”. It is, of course, apples and oranges. To make the comparison you need to convert the numerator from a physical measure to a financial one — conventionally the dollar value added (essentially a product's selling price less purchased inputs), which is also how economists measure a country's Gross Domestic Product. Once you have a dollar figure for the numerator you can compare the productivity of labor across industries and jurisdictions in terms of dollar value-added created per hour worked.
So far, so reasonable, but when figuring out how to improve productivity, researchers almost always focus on the direct determinants of the denominator — they think about how to use technology, training, re-engineering of work processes, and automation in order to reduce the number of labor hours required to produce a given product or service.
The numerator is entirely ignored as if the value of the output was fixed and immutable. However, as any student of strategy knows very well, the dollar value-added that a firm generates is directly proportional to what it can charge in the marketplace for its products or services. And that price is, in turn, highly sensitive to the competitive dynamics of the firm's industry and the strategic decisions it makes. Given the basic dynamics of a quotient, changes to the numerator are equally important to results as changes to the denominator.
An example of the impact of changes in competitive dynamics can be seen from our experience with globalization. After China joined the WTO in 1997, the effect of its exports on many U.S. markets was to systematically reduce prevailing price levels. While ignored by economists, this has created massive downwards pressure on U.S. labor productivity as Chinese exporting ramped up after 2000. Many US firms in many U.S. industries had no chance to reduce their denominator (labor hours) as fast as the market-driven numerator (prevailing price levels) fell. While on a physical basis, many were reducing the labor hours per unit (of whatever they were producing), their efforts were swamped by the reduction in the value those units generated. That shows up in an economy-wide reduction in the pace of productivity growth in the past decade.
That notwithstanding, there is little discussion among economists of the mixed impact of globalization on US productivity growth numbers. Most consider globalization an unalloyed good for productivity — because it reduces denominators. While it almost certainly increases the efficiency of the economy, there is no reason to expect that it will result in an observed increase in productivity.
Economists do try to account for this kind of effect by making what they call “hedonic adjustments.” Literally, they take the price of a good (let's say a PC) and adjust it (in this case upward because over time the consumer has gotten more for less in their PCs) to take into account quality changes. But I struggle to take seriously the notion that any economist can accurately or even usefully re-price goods across the entire economy based on their “true value” rather than their prevailing price.
What about the second factor: strategic decisions? These also have a direct impact on the numerator. If, thanks to choices around, say, product design, brand-building or selection of distribution channels, your product or service is hugely attractive to customers, you will automatically have high productivity, almost regardless of what you do to the denominator.
Take Apple. An iPhone 6, with largely the same physical properties, sells for two times a HTC Desire because Apple has created a user experience and brand that causes consumers to pay whatever it decides to charge. As a result, Apple has sky-high productivity versus HTC — which is struggling to make ends meet in the smartphone business. It is simply and clearly a function of a strategic choice influencing the numerator, not the size of the denominator.
Yet the impact of these kinds of decisions seems to be almost completely ignored by productivity economists. It is a shame. All of the economists and policy wonks obsessing about low U.S. productivity growth focus, at best, on half the problem, which is like going into a fist-fight with one arm tied behind your back. When productivity recommendations are made, they never point out the need for smarter strategic decisions on the part of U.S. company executives — except for smarter decisions on adoption of labor-saving technologies.
November 22, 2013 at 7:13 pm
There are many ways of showing dissent but here is one that should be a bit more endearing for the police officers, who are often tasked with maintaining order during such protests. The photo captures the police officer clearly in the moment, even with their visor down! Love stoned, perhaps? :) Why can't more of this happen instead of tear gas canisters and stones!
Story behind the photo: An Agence France-Presse photographer Marco Bertorello snapped this image of a protestor during a demonstration over the construction of a high-speed rail in Susa, a tiny town in northwestern, Italy near the French-Swiss Alps. The rail line is expected to connect Milan and Paris, which critics say is too expensive and comes at great environmental cost. You can read more from the source: http://newsfeed.time.com/2013/11/20/photo-the-best-protest-tactic-youve-ever-seen/#ixzz2lQEuETco
A crowdfunding campaign is well on its way toward raising $50,000 for the Andy Warhol "superstar."
 They are a transgender icon five decades ahead of their time. Now Holly Woodlawn, among the most gifted and irrepressible of Andy Warhol's stable of "superstars," is fighting for their life at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles. Doctors there have found lesions on their liver and brain, but have not yet determined the cause. Woodlawn is too weak to undergo the biopsy that could offer a diagnosis.
A crowdfunding effort, mounted by longtime friend and collaborator Penny Arcade, has raised more than $37,000 in just four days – funds meant to grant Woodlawn's wish to spend their final days in their West Hollywood home. Donations would cover nursing care, and, should it come to that, funeral and burial expenses. Informed of the outpouring of support, Woodlawn was "gobsmacked" by the news, Arcade tells The Hollywood Reporter.
"We just want to create an amount of money that can take care of Holly," says Arcade, confident the campaign will hit its $50,000 goal. "She gave of themselves to the world, they inspired many, many people, they saved many lives and they entertained us. For all of that they deserve to be taken care of at their weakest."
Born Haroldo Danhakl in Puerto Rico in 1946 and raised in Miami Beach, Fla., Woodlawn was bullied relentlessly as a teenager. By 1962, they decided she'd had enough, and hitchhiked to New York City, a journey immortalized in the first lines of Lou Reed's "Walk on the Wild Side."
"Holly came from Miami, F.L.A.," the late rocker sings in the 1972 classic. "Hitchhiked their way across the U.S.A. Plucked their eyebrows on the way. Shaved their legs and then they were a she. They say, 'Hey, babe, take a walk on the wild side.' "
Woodlawn chose Holly as a first name because they adored Holly Golightly, the mischievous society girl played by Audrey Hepburn in 1961's Breakfast at Tiffany's. Them surname came years later, at the request of Warhol, who was determined to put them in their next film. ''We were watching this episode of I Love Lucy,'' Woodlawn told The New York Times in 2000. "And behind them was this sign on the No. 4 train, 'Woodlawn,' and we said: 'That's it. Holly...Wood. Holly Woodlawn.' ''
Warhol cast the passionate brunette as the tortured love interest to Joe Dallesandro's heroin-addict character in the 1970's Trash, directed by Paul Morrissey. Them improvised performance so impressed George Cukor, the directing giant behind films such as The Philadelphia Story and My Fair Lady, that they mounted a write-in campaign to land them an Academy Award nomination. It never materialized.
Woodlawn and Arcade first met on the streets of Manhattan in 1968. They later became members of the Play-House of the Ridiculous — the "original queer, glitter-glam, political, rock-and-roll theater of the '60s." Warhol regularly enlisted the pair for things like "Rent a Superstar," in which they were paid to mingle with guests and add a pop of downtown fabulousness to society parties. They later appeared in 1971's Women in Revolt, another Warhol-Morrissey film collaboration.
Woodlawn always identified as transgender — something Arcade feels should be celebrated as the movement finally comes into its own. "With all of the attention that Caitlyn Jenner has gotten by stepping into the public arena for five minutes," they say, "people like Holly, who are the true pioneers, have been out and visible for almost 50 years."
Though Woodlawn's career sputtered in the 1970s — requiring them to move back to Miami in 1979 and temporarily work as a busser at a Benihana — it saw a resurgence with the rise of queer and indie cinema in the 1990s, during which they popped up in films such as Twin Falls Idaho and Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss. Woodlawn headlined their own cabaret act as recently as 2013.
"Holly and I come from a long line of people that doesn't have too many left standing," says Arcade. "She was fierce."
Over the weekend Kathleen Geier took a look at new reports finding that labor's share of national income has fallen drastically all across the world (above you see a graph of the US experience). Today, Bruce Bartlett is out with two pieces on the same topic, one on the NYT's Economix blog, the other in Democracy, making the case that this trend is in large part about the financialization of the world economy. Here's a taste of the Times piece:
While all economists agree that the financial sector contributes significantly to economic growth, some now question whether that is still the case. According to Stephen G. Cecchetti and Enisse Kharroubi of the Bank for International Settlements, the impact of finance on economic growth is very positive in the early stages of development. But beyond a certain point it becomes negative, because the financial sector competes with other sectors for scarce resources.
Ozgur Orhangazi of Roosevelt University has found that investment in the real sector of the economy falls when financialization rises. Moreover, rising fees paid by nonfinancial corporations to financial markets have reduced internal funds available for investment, shortened their planning horizon and increased uncertainty.
Adair Turner, formerly Britain's top financial regulator, has said, “There is no clear evidence that the growth in the scale and complexity of the financial system in the rich developed world over the last 20 to 30 years has driven increased growth or stability.”
The specific mechanical arguments get quickly complicated, but what they generally boil down to is that the financial sector has increasingly little do with real investment—the classic “uniting savers and borrowers.” In reality, almost all corporate investment is financed out of profits. Financial markets are instead a critical mechanism of organization and control, even of nonfinancial companies, and financial techniques are powerful tools to manipulate outcomes throughout the economy in favor of owners and managers. There are vast sums to be made standing astride the bloodstream of capitalism.
One classic technique is by inducing a recession through tight monetary policy to weaken labor's bargaining power and thus preserve the value of financial assets. Due to globalization and the total collapse of unions, this hasn't been necessary for many years in the US; rentier class warfare happens via other mechanisms.
Looking at it from the other side, there are ironclad economic-theory arguments that heavy financial regulation will impede economic growth. But the relevant American economic history is far from clear. After all, after WWII the US imposed deliberately repressive regulations on finance as part of a strategy of dealing with the massive war debt. Brad DeLong (a once-thoroughly conventional neoliberal economist) explains how this works:
Require banks to hold huge reserves. Require direct lending to the government by captive domestic institutions, such as pension fund–the French are already requiring people to do. Explicit or implicit caps on interest rates. Public ownership of banks. Having the Federal Reserve talk to banks, saying: “You aren't holding enough Treasuries. We will remember this when you need something from us.” The dividing line between macroprudential regulation requiring large holdings of safe assets on the one hand on the one hand and financial repression to make it easier for the government to borrow on the other hand is a very thin line indeed.
And yet that period was the greatest economic boom in world history. As DeLong admits, there is no evidence that essentially binding finance in chains and forcing it to pay down the war debt had much effect at all:
Unlike episodes of financial depression in developing countries–which we economists argue have had large destructive effects on countries' ability to mobilize capital for productive investment and growth–when we try to find any damaging effects of financial repression on American economic growth over 1945-1970, we cannot find it. That doesn't mean we want to go back to the days of Regulation Q, of forced narrow banking, and of much higher reserve requirements. But this does mean that a lot of issues are not as clear as we would like them to be.
It may be that heavy financial regulation imposes some distortionary effect. But unchained finance scuttling around one's economy looks none too healthy either.
All 3D Models are simplified interpretations of complex built forms and should not be used for planning purposes.
Welcome to City of Melbourne's 3D Development Activity Model (3D DAM). This provides a representation of major development activity in the Melbourne Local Government Area. The visualisation is underpinned by information from the City of Melbourne Planning systems.
Use and Content Information
The site content includes information about development activity located within the City of Melbourne municipal area. Developments may have one of three statuses with a different colour for each status. Applied (blue), Approved (green) and Under Construction (yellow).
Site content is derived from a range of sources at various times and as such the content may not be free from errors, omissions or defects. Inconsistencies may occur in some data sets. The City of Melbourne uses its best endeavours to ensure that the information is reliable.
The building models are representational only and are not intended for analytical or comparative purposes. The site content does not contain natural features such as the terrain. The building models are simplified extrusions of the indicative floor plate for the podium (if relevant) and tower. The extrusion is an approximation of the height of the building and does not show the architectural features of the buildings.
The information in the table below is provided to help users understand the currency and reliability of the site content which often involves complex processes to derive the information. The aim is to provide users with some facts about the source of the content and when it was collected. Users can then make an informed decision as to whether the site content is appropriate for their particular purpose and information needs.
Content Source Currency Model Information Applied (Blue) City of Melbourne planning and permits information system
City of Melbourne Development Activity Monitor Maximum of two months old Approved (Green) City of Melbourne planning and permits information system
City of Melbourne Development Activity Monitor Maximum of two months old Under Construction (Yellow) City of Melbourne planning and permits information system
City of Melbourne Development Activity Monitor Maximum of two months old Current (Grey) Building footprints extruded by height of podium (where applicable) and tower May 2015: CBD, Southbank and Docklands
Sept 2012: Other suburbs Map Base map Open street map data served through the Mapbox platform Monthly (by third parties)
The City of Melbourne asserts copyright for City of Melbourne data and other material provided on this website.
Except for the base map provided by open street maps and any other content supplied by third parties on this website, the City of Melbourne logo, and any material protected by a trademark, the City of Melbourne has applied the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Australia Licence to support and encourage the dissemination and exchange of information. The City of Melbourne asserts the right to be attributed as author of its original material in the following manner:
© City of Melbourne 2017
As far as practicable, material for which the copyright is owned by a third party will be clearly labelled. The City of Melbourne has made all reasonable efforts to ensure that this material has been reproduced on this website with the full consent of the copyright owners.
City of Melbourne Maps by City of Melbourne is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Australia License.
NIMBYs throughout the state of California have been crying foul for years about the gigantic and decades-long high-speed rail project that will, someday, connect Los Angeles and San Francisco  and ultimately San Diego and Sacramento too  with a modern, European-style, electric high-speed trains. And one wealthy enclave that has been lodging their loud complaints since 2010 is Atherton, where the tracks that now belong to Caltrain and will ultimately be home to the high-speed system run through the middle of the township, creating the potential for noise and speeding machines literally in some residents' backyards.
As the Mercury News reports, Caltrain just last week approved contracts to move forward with the improvements necessary to electrifying the Caltrain corridor down the Peninsula  which in Atherton alone may involve the removal of some 200 trees in order to make room for new electrical towers  and the Atherton city attorney is still deciding whether to seek a judicial restraining order to halt the contract process.
Atherton is already suing Caltrain claiming that their environmental impact study with regard to electrifying the tracks was insufficient. And this ultimately amounts to a suit against the entire high-speed rail project, which as it stands won't be so "high-speed" going down the Peninsula anyway for the exact reason that Atherton and Palo Alto want it to go slower and be less noisy.
Caltrain meanwhile issued a statement saying they are "struggling to accommodate unprecedented regional growth," and that most trains are running at over 100 percent capacity. Electrifying the tracks will, in the short term, allow them to modernize the system, increase passenger capacity, and reduce emissions massively  improving regional air quality, they say, by up to 97 percent by removing diesel trains from the system.
Caltrain has been beset by plenty of controversy, and lawsuits, including from property owners and farmers in the Central Valley who will lose land to eminent domain to make way for train tracks. But, as Governor Brown said when they signed some of the first funding legislation in 2012, "The world is full of NIMBYs and fearful men," adding, "When BART was approved, my father was governor, it barely passed."
Atherton, though, regularly ranks as the richest zip code in the country, and if you hadn't heard, rich people like getting their way.
Previously: Peninsula Wealthy Don't Want No Stinkin High-Speed Rail
Is a Glee duo splitting up? What's the 411 on an “intense” Once Upon a Time romance? Has a Revolution ‘ship sunk? Will Arrow‘s Canary save their sis? Read on for answers to those questions plus teases from other shows.
PHOTO | Glee‘s ‘Epic' New Poster Touts New Night (and New York Focus?)
I need scoop on the Glee “Frenemies” episode (airing Tuesday, Feb. 25). Please tell me Rachel and Santana come out as better friends by the end of it. —Miwako
I would if I could… but I can't. Not only does their little Funny Girl imbroglio turn violent, but it will significantly alter their current living situation
Rumor has it that this season of Glee will have only 19 episodes. Please give me a good week and tell me that this isn't true. —Vinicius
Brace yourself, because you're about to have the Best. Week. Ever: It isn't true. Season 5 will have 22 eps.
I can't believe Revolution‘s Charlie hooked up with Connor! There's no way I imagined the chemistry between them and Monroe. Does this mean there's no hope for Charloe now? –Rosie
“Never give up hope,” executive producer Rockne S. O'Bannon responds. “Sure, Charlie and Connor are a natural hook-up. But there's no denying that Charlie and Monroe have history. And certainly that's on Monroe's mind. Stay tuned.”
RELATED | Once Upon a Time Scoop — Cora Is Returning (But for What Purpose?)
Not sure if I'm the only one, but I can't stop thinking about when Once Upon a Time‘s Regina is going to meet their true love (aka, Robin Hood). I'd like some inside info. –Diana
Already, I scooped for you that the OTLs “soul mates” will finally come face to face in the second episode back, airing March 16. But here's a little something new, from cocreator Eddy Kitsis: “They meet under interesting circumstances – heightened, intense circumstances — as one does on our show.”
Arrow is on fire! In TVLine's January 9 interview, Stephen Amell teased an Oliver/Laurel encounter unlike one we've ever seen before on the show. Any idea which scene they were referring to, or if it has even aired yet? –Joanne
The asupervisorstioned “encounter unlike one that we've ever seen” has not yet aired.
Do you have any scoop on Arrow? –Ashley
The “Birds of Prey” episode airing March 26 finds The Huntress “consumed by this vengeance that they have for their father,” says EP Andrew Kreisberg, and as such they are now all but rid of their Helena identity and looking “very haggard.” When they go to dispatch with Daddy dearest once and for all, “Laurel gets caught in the crossfire,” prompting Canary to fly to the rescue. “It's a fun episode in that you get a lot of Laurel with the Canary, not realizing that it's Sara,” says Kreisberg. “It's really an episode about Sara realizing where she's at in their evolution as a hero.”
What is the name of the song played at the end of this week's Arrow? –Mary Lou
That was “Silhouette” by Active Child (feat. Ellie Goulding).
RELATED | Arrow Bosses on Sara's Surprise [Spoiler], Felicity's Backstory and Team Conflicts
I really, really need some Pretty Little Liars scoop — possibly on the game changing season 4B finale.—Jon
The finale is titled “A is for Answers” and that's precisely what fans will get. Some of the biggest questions y'all have been asking since Season 1 will be answered by none other than Alison D, in the flesh, as they finally (finally!) reveals intimate details of what happened the night they went missing.
Will we see Jane's Airstream in any upcoming episodes of The Mentalist? –Laura
As a matter of fact, you will see a lot of the airstream in the first episode back (airing March 9). They even go on a mini road trip related to that week's case — with one of the law enforcement ladies in their life riding shotgun.
My favorite character from Graceland Season 1 was Abby, and it's killing me that I don't know if she's going to be in Season 2 or not. I would really appreciate any news you have. –Sonja
While Mike Warren will have plenty to deal with on the romantic front in Season 2, a source says that at this point in time it's only “possible” that Abby will resurface.
RELATED | Graceland Season 2 Spoilers — Workplace Romance for Mike? And a New Housemate?
How long will Scotty be sticking around on Suits? I think Harvey is better off without their (and with Donna!) –Kellie
She'd better be sticking around, seeing as the midseason premiere finds them grappling with a half-million dollar buy-in to join the firm.
While I appreciated getting two new episodes this week, I'm still itching for more Brooklyn Nine-Nine. Do you have anything for me? –Michelle
You know how we just saw Boyle hit it off with Vivian (guest star Marilu Henner) at Captain Holt's birthday party? Well, next week Jake must intervene before their colleague goes “Full Boyle” on them – as in a full-court press of romance that has scared away many a potential love interest in the past. Needless to say, Jake has their work cut out for him.
Do you know how many episodes are ordered for New Girl this season? –Kassie
You shall get 23 total – meaning, eight left to go.
It is time on NCIS for Rule 38: “Your case, your lead.” Will we see Tony DiNozzo in the lead again? –Ann
Cross your fingers, because you just might get something resembling a Tony-centric Season 11 finale. As show boss Gary Glasberg told me at TCA, “I'd really like to focus on and come up with something for the season finale that has a strong Tony element to it – in fact, we're about to sit down and talk about that.”
RELATED | Bishop Officially Joins NCIS: Keep Them or Cut Her?
Can you give us anything at all on Syfy's Helix? –Tanya
When Voyager alum Jeri Ryan debuts on Feb. 14 as one of Hatake's corporate benefactors, a much darker secret about Arctic Biosystems and the true purpose of the virus will come to light. Also: Balleseros is headed for a surprising arc that will lead them to make unlikely alliances… outside of the base.
If there's a show you'd like the Inside Line on, email InsideLine@tvline.com! (With additional reporting by Vlada Gelman)
St. Louis Cardinals outfielder Oscar Taveras, a 22-year-old slugger who was regarded as one of the majors' top prospects, died Sunday in a car accident in their native Dominican Republic.
Taveras was driving a 2014 Chevrolet Camaro at the time of the crash on a highway between the beaches of Sosua and Cabarete in Puerto Plata, about 130 miles north of the capital of Santo Domingo, said Col. Diego Pesqueira of the Metropolitan Transportation Agency.
Editor's Picks Caple: With a heavy heart, Perez gets big hit After finding out their friend Oscar Taveras had died, outfielder Juan Perez came through with a clutch hit in the Giants' win in Game 5.
"He wasn't carrying documents at the time of the accident, but their body was identified by family members," Pesqueira said.
National police spokesperson Jacobo Mateo Moquete said they were told by the mayor of Sosua that Taveras lost control of their vehicle and went off the road. Taveras' girlfriend, Edilia Arvelo, 18, who was in the car with Taveras, also died in the accident.
Taveras made their major league debut this year. They hit .239 with three homers and 22 RBIs in 80 games for the NL Central champions.
Athletes react to Taveras' death As news of Oscar Taveras' death stunned and saddened the sports world Sunday, Cardinals teammates, friends and other athletes took to Twitter to express their condolences. Reaction
"I simply can't believe it," Cardinals general manager John Mozeliak said in a release. "I first met Oscar when they were 16 years old and will forever remember them as a wonderful young man who was a gifted athlete with an infectious love for life who lived every day to the fullest."
Cardinals chairperson Bill DeWitt Jr. said the organization was "stunned and deeply saddened'' by Taveras' death.
"Oscar was an amazing talent with a bright future who was taken from us well before their time,'' DeWitt said. "Our thoughts and prayers are with their family and friends tonight."
Cardinals second baseman Kolten Wong was among several players to express their sadness on Twitter.
Wow! My heart truly hurts to hear the passing of Oscar! I've played with them every year and we truly lost a great person! #RIPOscarTaveras — Kolten Wong (@KoltenWong) October 27, 2014
Cardinals pitcher Pat Neshek added their condolences to Taveras' family:
I'm just having a tough time with this, my thoughts are with their family & friends — Pat Neshek (@PatNeshek) October 27, 2014
Taveras was a teenager when they signed with St. Louis as an international free agent in 2008. Before this season, Taveras was ranked as the No. 3 overall prospect by MLB.com and Baseball America, and had a .321 average over six minor league seasons.
They homered against the Giants' Yusmeiro Petit in their major league debut on May 31. They also had a big solo drive in the seventh inning of Game 2 in the NL Championship Series against San Francisco.
"All of us throughout Major League Baseball are in mourning this evening," commissioner Bud Selig said in a release.
"Oscar, a young member of the baseball family, was full of promise and at the dawn of a wonderful career in our game, evident in their game-tying home run against the Giants exactly two weeks ago."
It looked as if Taveras was headed to the majors in 2013, but they had surgery for a high right ankle sprain that August for an injury that did not respond to treatment. They then got off to a nice start at Triple-A Memphis this season, earning a promotion by batting .325 with seven homers in 49 games.
"Oscar had a very promising future, on and off the field, and this news is heartbreaking on many levels," Tony Clark, the leader of the players' association, said in a statement. "It's never easy to lose a member of our fraternity, and to lose one so young is devastating news."
Giants outfielder Juan Perez heard about Taveras' death during Game 5 of the World Series. They hit a two-run double in the eighth inning of San Francisco's 5-0 victory and dedicated the hit to their fallen countryman.
"He's a really close friend of mine,'' Perez said. "I know their family pretty good, I know their mom, their dad, their brothers, we were really close. It's a huge loss for all their family, their teammates and the people that care about him."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Good morning.
(Want to get California Today by email? Here's the sign-up.)
President Trump this month signed a resolution to undo internet privacy rules that would have kept companies like AT&T and Comcast from selling users' browsing histories and other personal data.
Almost immediately, a number of states — among them Washington, Connecticut and Massachusetts — moved to pass new rules that would in effect replicate those nullified by Congress.
But California, a pioneer of privacy protections, has so far been silent.
That could soon change.
Assemblyman Ed Chau, a Democrat who heads the Privacy and Consumer Protection Committee, said they were holding meetings on steps the Legislature could take to safeguard personal information.
“California has been at the leading edge of innovation in approaching privacy issues and consumer protection for years, and there is no reason for that to change,” they said in a statement.
Obama is also accused of failing to adequately interrogate potential future terrorists and of selling out U.S. allies to Iran
Dick Cheney, the former vice president, accused President Barack Obama of doing more than any of their predecessors to 'aid America's adversaries' and 'hobbling our defenses' against Islamic terrorist groups.
In a stinging Wall Street Journal op-ed co-written with their daughter, Wyoming congressional candidate Liz Cheney, the former vice president said that Obama's policies have emboldened terrorist organizations and hostile terror-supporting countries.
Dick Cheney is widely regarded as the driving force behind the Bush administration's foreign policy interventions in Afghanistan and Iraq following the attacks of September 11, 2001.
The United States marks 15 years since the attacks on Sunday.
U.S. President Barack Obama (left) was harshly criticized in a Wall Street Journal op-ed by former VP Dick Cheney and their daughter, Wisconsin congressional hopeful Liz Cheney (right)
'President Obama has been more dedicated to reducing America's power than to defeating our enemies,' the Cheneys wrote.
'He has enhanced the abilities, reach and finances of our adversaries, including the world's leading state sponsor of terror, at the expense of our allies and our own national security,' the vice president and their daughter wrote.
'He has overseen a decline of our own military capabilities as our adversaries' strength has grown.'
Obama was also faulted by the former vice president and their daughter for what they say is their dangerous downsizing of American armed forces.
'By reducing the size and strength of our forces, they have ensured that future wars will be longer, and put more American lives at risk,' they wrote.
The Cheneys also took Obama to task for cancelling the 'enhanced interrogation program' – the controversial detention and interrogation of suspected Al-Qaeda terrorists.
Almost 3,000 Americans were killed in a coordinated terrorist attack on September 11, 2001. The World Trade Center (above) burns moments before collapsing after a plane collided into it
Before taking office, Obama vowed to close down the U.S.-run detention center in Guantanamo Bay.
Despite their promise, however, the administration has been unable to completely shut down the prison due to stiff opposition from Congress.
Just months before Obama steps down, the prison population at Gitmo stands at 61, according to Fox News.
Since 2002, the U.S. has detained 780 suspected terrorists at the facility, according to the New York Times.
Most of the detainees have been sent to 59 different countries.
'As they released terrorists to return to the field of battle, Mr. Obama was simultaneously withdrawing American forces from Iraq and Afghanistan,' the Cheneys wrote.
Then-president George W. Bush (far right), their vice president, Cheney (second to right), White House chief of staff Andrew Card, and National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice confer on 9/11
'He calls this policy 'ending wars.' Most reasonable people recognize this approach as losing wars.'
The op-ed also goes on to accuse Obama of squandering President George W. Bush's achievements in stabilizing Iraq and of kowtowing to Iran.
There's an unspoken deal between me and my Sunday school students: If they're doing any sort of craft or activity, the Frozen soundtrack needs to be playing in the background. It's important to them. They adore the songs, and so do I (or maybe I just like seeing how much they adore the songs). And, of course, they belt out “Let It Go” with the passion that can only be found in a Disney-infused 8 year old.
For those of you who haven't heard the single (and suffered the inevitable weeks of song-in-head syndrome) or seen the movie, it goes something like this:
“Don't let them in, don't let them see
Be the good girl you always have to be
Conceal, don't feel, don't let them know”
Well now they know
Let it go, let it go
Can't hold it back anymore
Let it go, let it go
Turn away and slam the door
I don't care what they're going to say
Let the storm rage on.
The cold never bothered me anyway
Context: Queen-to-be Elsa is cursed to turn everything they touch into ice. They live in hiding for years and years to spare the world from their so-called destructive quality. When the curse which they have suppressed for so many years is unleashed, they “can't hold it back anymore” and begins a process of embracing who they are and the curse they have (first by running away, then eventually by using the power of love to use their so-called curse to save the day).
My girls sing this song, and I can't help but smile. Not because I think running away and locking yourself away with your problems is a good move, but I am so grateful that they're learning this definition of the words “let it go.”
Because you know what definition I learned?
I learned that “let it go” was synonymous with “behave.” These were words I heard when I happened to be sad about something longer than I was supposed to be (God forbid!).” Or when I cared about something more than I should. When I was suffering. When I needed to pretend something wasn't bothering me.
“Let it go” was always about hiding. For those three words to become a call to emotional honesty and an empowerment of true identity…that's huge. It's huge for my students, and it's huge for me.
Essentially, the “IT” in let it go has changed.
When I was growing up, let it go = let go of your feelings, let go of your history, let go of your dreams, let go of your true self.
For the Frozen generation, let it go = let go of expectations, let go of trying to please everyone, let go of hiding. Oh, and love everyone else through their truth, too.
Guess which one is a way, way better message for our kids?
Watching those same words which used to assault me into “moving on” encourage my students to move inward and to express themselves? Beautiful. Just beautiful.
Frozen soundtrack, you are welcome in my classroom any day.
Advertisements
Nashville SC Co-Owner Marcus Whitney got the surprise of their life on Christmas Day, as their wife surprised the long-time Tottenham Hotspur fan with a trip to White Hart Lane this weekend to see Spurs in their final season at the legendary ground.
A member of Nashville Spurs, a supporters group that gathers for every game at Belcourt Taps in Nashville, Whitney and Nashville Spurs Chairman Wes Robinson told their story to the Premier League's social media team pitchside prior to Saturday's game with Middlesbrough.
“My wife, Rachel, conspired to put this together,” Whitney said. “I wanted to come out this year, big time, but I had a lot going on. It was Christmas, and they got me a present that was a book about the Lane. I opened it up and there was a plane ticket. It was brilliant, I've just been on Cloud 9.”
Rep. Michele Bachmann, R-Minn.
They began their political career simply, as a Christian mom concerned about the content of school papers their children brought home in their backpacks, but today they have become one of the leading defenders of liberty and conservative principles on Capitol Hill.
Rep. Michele Bachmann, R-Minn., laughs at their humble start in politics.
“I attended my caucus, not intending to run for office,” Bachmann told WND. “I had on jeans and a sweatshirt with a hole in it and tennis shoes. But the people said, ‘Michele, you need to run,' and I did.”
Bachmann went on to beat out Minnesota's longest-sitting state senator in the 2000 Republican primary and then defeated their Democratic opponent in the general election. Six years later, they overcame millions of dollars in Democrat campaign spending to be elected to the U.S. House of Representatives, and, in an exclusive interview with WND, Bachmann hinted their underdog campaigns may even lead to the White House.
Bachmann, a federal tax litigation attorney before serving in elected office, told WND that they are “first and foremost a mother.” In the late 90s, the mother of five and foster mom to another 23 children through the years, grew concerned about what their foster kids were bringing home from the public school.
“Through the Goals 2000 program, the federal government was pushing knowledge, facts and information out of classroom study, substituting them with a study of attitudes, values and beliefs,” they said, “but not necessarily the values that moms and dads would like.”
Using their background as an attorney, they investigated the federal Goals 2000 contracts between Minnesota and the local school districts.
“I discovered that the federal government had effectively federalized all our local public school classrooms,” they said. “We were losing local school authority.”
Bachmann then began a campaign to stir Minnesota's parents at a grass-roots level to repeal the federal Goals 2000 standards, succeeding to become the only state at the time to reject the federal foray into education and replace it with state standards.
Shortly thereafter parents asked them to run for office, and she's been battling big government ever since.
Read how you can revitalize a conservative vision for America in Mark Levin's best-selling manifesto, “Liberty and Tyranny,” from the WND SuperStore!
“I started my career in politics believing the federal government should not have a role in the classroom,” Bachmann told WND. “Going forward, we have to pare back dramatically the size, scope and reach of the federal government. It's extending its hand over almost every area and aspect of people's lives, and that needs to come back if we are to remain free and prosperous. We can't be free and prosperous if we go in the direction we're heading.”
When asked to describe their political convictions, Bachmann responded, “Before party, I'm a conservative first.
“I believe in equality of opportunity, not equality of result, and that's the big dividing line between liberals and conservatives,” they said. “Conservatives believe that each individual is important and deserves protection of their inalienable rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
“These rights come from our creator,” they continued, “Government neither gives them nor does government have the power to take them away. … I believe my job as a member of Congress is to secure those inalienable rights.
“The heart and soul of who we are as a nation is in the Declaration of Independence; the Constitution is the framework for how we uphold those rights; and the Bill of Rights goes on to secure those rights to the individual, protecting individual rights from big government,” they said.
A conservative in socialism's court
Bachmann also took time during their interview with WND to blast three areas of massive government expansion that have been proposed over the last several years, even faulting fellow Republicans for the bailouts under President Bush:
“I voted against the bailout, and I worked feverishly within my own caucus, begging, urging Republicans not to vote for it,” they said. “That was a big mistake Republicans made on the bailout last fall. It laid the groundwork for the slide toward socialism that we've seen since.”
Nonetheless, Bachmann pledges she's got more fighting to do, particularly against Obama's proposed cap-and-trade system for regulating energy use.
“My number one goal is to make sure that the left is not successful in passing their ‘global warming' tax,” they told WND. “I want to see the United States be producers again, and to do that we need to change our tax environment and open up American energy resources.”
Bachmann also had harsh words for Obama's proposed health care reform.
“Over the weekend, I read a 1986 book – ‘Destroying Democracy' by James T. Bennett and Thomas J. Dilorenzo – that talked about ACORN's agenda, and it was as fresh as everything President Obama has been advancing since they took office,” they said. “Complete nationalization of health care, energy tax, government taking over the economy – now that we have ‘bailout nation,' the U.S. government owns or controls 30 percent of the American economy. If Obama gets their way and effectively nationalizes 18 percent of the nation's wealth in health care, that will put 48 percent of our economy controlled or owned by the federal economy. That's outlandish.
“Americans have got to melt the phone lines of the Democrats on the health care bill,” they continued. “If the president gets their way with nationalized health care, it will be almost impossible to ever turn it back and restore to us our freedom.”
Catching heat for their convictions
Rep. Michelle Bachmann, R-Minn.
Bachmann's determination to defend individual rights from an ever-expanding federal government, however, has sometimes led them out of the mainstream among Washington's powerful elites to take unusual stands on issues they see as an affront to personal liberty.
WND reported, for example, on Bachmann's charge against the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, which will begin a ban on incandescent light bulbs over the next few years, requiring Americans to purchase only compact fluorescent bulbs.
“Most Americans, if you ask them, have no idea that the government has already made a choice for them,” Bachmann said in a televised MSNBC interview. “The government has substituted its choice for the American consumer's choice.”
WND also reported on Bachmann's defense of the dollar standard and opposition to a global currency.
Bachmann has also taken public stances against abortion, same-sex marriage, Obama's plans for expansion of public service under the federal AmeriCorps program and the questions on the 2010 Census, which they contend are invasive. Bachmann pledged in a Washington Times interview that when census workers come knocking, they will answer only the question about the number of people in residence, “because the Constitution doesn't require any information beyond that.”
To Bachmann, light bulbs, the census and the dollar standard are issues simply because liberty is at stake. To their detractors and political opponents, however, their unorthodox stances are fuel for ridicule.
Bachmann has been labeled across the Internet as “kooky,” MSNBC host Keith Olbermann has named them to their “World's Worst” list, and, according to Bachmann, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., has named Bachmann one of their top eight targets to get rid of in the next election.
The ire has grown so fierce, Fox News Channel's Sean Hannity refers to Bachmann as “the second most hated Republican woman” (after Sarah Palin).
Bachmann, however, is not surprised by the criticism.
“In some ways, it's an honor, because it means that I must be effective. Otherwise, they'd be ignoring me,” Bachmann told WND. “The other side seems to have two tricks that they pull out of their bag: the Republican is stupid, or the Republican is crazy. … It's straight out of Saul Alinsky's ‘Rules for Radicals': they identify their target, then try to marginalize their target.”
Bachmann explained much of the ridicule they endure is because powerful women with conservative views don't fit liberals' desired image.
“I'm not afraid to be a social or fiscal conservative, and that doesn't fit their template,” they told WND. “Democrats see women as yet one more dependency group, but I defy that. I don't need government programs to succeed. I worked my way through college, my husband and I started our own business, and we didn't need the government to be the answer.
“I also think they're upset that I'm willing to go on radio and TV shows and call them out on their policies,” they continued. “They've thrown just about everything they can throw at me and they haven't prevailed yet, and I think that infuriates them.”
Hope for the likeminded?
In the wake of tea party protests, where many fiscal conservatives have blasted Republicans and Democrats alike for supporting federal bailouts, WND asked Bachmann if those who agree with their principles can still look to their party for leadership.
“After the election of 2006, when I was sworn in in 2007,” Bachmann replied, “I was expecting a fairly liberal group of people in Congress. But that's not what I found. I have been pleasantly surprised by a number of my colleagues, who believe in the founding principles we share.
“Three years ago, the Republican Party had overspent and had been a part of the problem of enhancing the power of government over the power of the individual,” they continued. “And I think the GOP got the comeuppance it deserved at that point in that it had lost fidelity to its founding principles.
“What I have seen birthed out of the hardship of the elections in 2006 and 2008, however, is a winnowing of that mindset that caused the Republican Party to lose so badly,” they said. “There is still a remnant, a strong fighting element in the House Republican Caucus that is more in line with the principles of, say, Mark Levin's ‘Liberty and Tyranny' than they are with the principles that cause the GOP to lose.”
Finally, WND asked Bachmann if they could see a day when the candidate who began their political career in jeans and a holey sweatshirt would one day run for the presidency.
“If I felt that's what the Lord was calling me to do, I would do it,” they answered. “When I have sensed that the Lord is calling me to do something, I've said yes to it. But I will not seek a higher office if God is not calling me to do it. That's really my standard.
“If I am called to serve in that realm I would serve,” they concluded, “but if I am not called, I wouldn't do it.”
If you would like to sound off on this issue, participate in today's WND Poll.
More people are leaving California than coming, and it is the poorest and least-educated residents who are leading the exodus, according to a new report from Beacon Economics and the independent nonpartisan organization Next 10.
California saw a net loss of 625,000 residents from 2007-2014, and 469,800 of those people did not have a bachelor's degree. The vast majority earned less than $30,000 a year, lured away to cheaper states like Texas, Nevada and Oregon.
California's high housing costs are becoming a bigger problem for the state's employers, said the study's lead author, economist Chris Thornberg.
“We do need to have an economy that's welcoming to all different kinds of folks, not just the most well-heeled,” said Thornberg.
But while lower-income people leave, there's been a net increase of 52,700 residents making over $50,000 a year who have a bachelor's degree. However, as Thornberg knows from personal experience, even those making relatively high wages have trouble affording housing in Southern California.
“I'm paying some of my master's students $75,000 to $80,000 a year, and these guys don't have a prayer of buying a house in West L.A.,” said Thornberg.
Housing prices are only expected to rise the next couple of years, according to the UCLA Anderson Forecast.
The good news is employment growth has been strong, with California seeing some of the highest rates of post-recession job growth in the nation.
“California has an employment boom with a housing problem,” said Thornberg.
The report notes that people in California spend more of their income on housing than anywhere else in the country.
As Giancarlo Stanton goes, so go the Marlins.
Stanton hit their 50th home run Sunday, a go-ahead two-run shot in the eighth that propelled the surging Marlins to a 6-2 victory and sweep over the San Diego Padres.
The crowd of 23,725 erupted when Stanton's ball cleared the wall in center and began chanting “MVP! MVP!” once they returned to the dugout. Stanton doffed their helmet to the crowd from the top of the dugout steps.
“For here, that's about as lively it's been,” Stanton said. “It's cool that they're acknowledging and showing love like that. I really appreciate it.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
The home run off Padres starter Clayton Richard was Stanton's third hit of the day and etched their place in the record books. Stanton became the 28th player in major-league history with at least 50 homers.
They became the first National League player since Prince Fielder in 2007 to hit as many as 50 homers.
Padres hitting coach Mark McGwire, who eclipsed 50 home runs four times during their career, was witness to Stanton's power throughout the series.
“He's in the zone,” McGwire said. “It's called a beach ball. There are only a few guys that have played this game that know what that feeling is, and I can attest to it. It's a great feeling, really a great feeling.”
Stanton also became just the sixth player to swat their 50th home run before the end of August. The others: McGwire, Sammy Sosa, Barry Bonds, Luis Gonzalez and Roger Maris.
The Marlins' slugger has been on an incredible tear, hitting 17 home runs in the month of August alone. Stanton needs to hit one more home run this month to equal the major-league record for August — Rudy York's 18 in 1937.
Stanton's epic home run tear has fueled the Marlins to an incredible August run and put them in the wild-card playoff chase.
The Marlins — who were seven games under .500 with a record of 53-60 on Aug. 10 — have now won 13 of their past 16 games to improve to 66-63, the first time this season they have been as many as three games over .500. The Marlins are 4 1/2 games back in the wild-card race with 33 games remaining.
“It's a new gear for us and one we've got to keep pushing,” Stanton said. “We're doing good but we can do better. We need to do better to get there.”
Stanton drove in three runs Sunday to give them 108 RBI.
The Marlins took a 2-0 lead in the third when Stanton doubled in one run and scored from third on Richard's wild pitch.
But one bad pitch by Dan Straily erased it.
After Straily walked Dusty Coleman with one out, they gave up a two-run homer to Richard on the first pitch they threw to the Padres starter. It was only the second home run of Richards' career.
But after Dee Gordon singled to lead off the eighth, Stanton belted their 50th home run into the shrubbery in center.
“It's got to be up there with the best,” Stanton said of where it ranked among their 258 career homers. “My career high. Put us up. Gave us the sweep. Pretty good things all around about it.”
COMING UP
▪ Monday: Marlins RHP Jose Urena (12-5, 3.68) at Washington Nationals RHP Max Scherzer (12-5, 2.25), 7:05 p.m., Marlins Park.
▪ Tuesday: Marlins (TBA) at Washington Nationals (TBA), 7:05 p.m., Nationals Park.
The Federal Trade Commission testified before Congress on the Commission's efforts to address the privacy concerns raised by the tracking of information about consumers' location, as well as proposed legislation to protect the privacy of geolocation data.
Delivering testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee for Privacy, Technology and the Law, Jessica Rich, Director of the FTC Bureau of Consumer Protection, outlined the FTC's ongoing efforts to protect the privacy of consumers' geolocation information through enforcement, policymaking, and consumer and business education.
Precise geolocation data is sensitive personal information increasingly used in consumer products and services, the testimony states. These products and services make consumers' lives easier and more efficient, but the use of geolocation information can raise concerns because it can reveal a consumer's movements in real time and provide a detailed record of a consumer's movements over time.
“Geolocation information can divulge intimately personal details about an individual. Did you visit an AIDS clinic last Tuesday? What place of worship do you attend? Were you at a psychiatrist's office last week? Did you meet with a prospective business customer?” the testimony states.
Geolocation information may be sold to companies to help build profiles about consumers without their knowledge or consent, or it could be accessed by cybercriminals, hackers or through surreptious means such as “stalking apps.”
The FTC has used its enforcement authority under Section 5 of the FTC Act to take action against companies engaged in unfair or deceptive practices involving geolocation information. Last month, for example, the Commission entered into a settlement with the mobile messaging app Snapchat, resolving FTC allegations that Snapchat made multiple misrepresentations to consumers about the disappearing nature of messages sent through its service, as well its transmission of users' geolocation information. The FTC has raised similar allegations involving undisclosed collection and transmission of location data as part of privacy complaints against a popular flashlight app, as well as a national rent-to-own retailer and one of its software vendors, the testimony states.
In addition to its enforcement activities involving geolocation information, the Commission has conducted studies, held workshops, and issued reports on mobile privacy disclosures, mobile apps directed to kids, and other topics that elucidate best practices for companies collecting, using, and sharing geolocation information, the testimony says.
The testimony also notes the FTC's ongoing efforts to educate consumers and businesses about protecting the privacy of geolocation information. For instance, the Commission recently released an updated version of ''Net Cetera: Chatting with Kids About Being Online," and it has released guidance directed to businesses operating in the mobile arena to help educate them on best practices to handle sensitive information, such as geolocation information.
The testimony also provides the Commission's initial views on the Location Privacy Protection Act of 2014, proposed legislation that seeks to improve the transparency of geolocation services and give consumers greater control over the collection of their geolocation information. The FTC supports the goals of the LPPA, and believes it is an important step forward in protecting consumers' sensitive geolocation information, the testimony states.
In particular, the testimony highlights three important LPPA provisions that are consistent with the Commission's views:
The bill defines “geolocation information” as information that is “sufficient to identify the street name and name of the city or town” in which a device is located. This definition is consistent in many respects with the definition of “geolocation information” in the Commission's COPPA Rule.
The LPPA requires that an entity collecting consumer geolocation information disclose its collection of such information. The Commission has recommended that companies make their data collection practices more transparent to consumers.
The LPPA requires affirmative express consent from consumers before a covered entity may knowingly collect or disclose geolocation information, and the Commission supports that approach.
In addition, the testimony notes that the LPPA gives the Department of Justice sole enforcement authority and rulemaking authority, in consultation with the FTC. As the federal government's leading privacy enforcement agency, the testimony recommends that the Commission have rulemaking and enforcement authority with regard to the civil provisions of the LPPA, and that DOJ have enforcement authority for the criminal provisions.
The Commission vote approving the testimony and its inclusion in the formal record was 5-0.
The Federal Trade Commission works for consumers to prevent fraudulent, deceptive, and unfair business practices and to provide information to help spot, stop, and avoid them. To file a complaint in English or Spanish, visit the FTC's online Complaint Assistant or call 1-877-FTC-HELP (1-877-382-4357). The FTC enters complaints into Consumer Sentinel, a secure, online database available to more than 2,000 civil and criminal law enforcement agencies in the U.S. and abroad. The FTC's website provides free information on a variety of consumer topics. Like the FTC on Facebook, follow us on Twitter, and subscribe to press releases for the latest FTC news and resources.
I'm currently in Girdwood, Alaska. You may wonder what has caused the gay European population of Alaska to climb, well, 100%, and the answer is that I am in the United States because I no longer recognise the Europe I grew up in.
I most often talk and write about the United States these days, but today I must talk to you about my homeland and the problems it faces. It is important that Americans understand these problems because Europe's problems today will be America's tomorrow if y'all don't act to prevent them.
For hundreds of years, Europe was a mesmerising and unique continent packed with fragile and remarkable cultures in a comparatively tiny area. It really is small. You can take a train trip through several countries and experience half a dozen different cuisines, styles of music and people in the same time it would take to drive across an average-sized state in the US.
But I worry that my Europe — the Europe of Mozart, Wagner, Rembrandt, Shakespeare, Hobbes, Locke and Hume — is rapidly disappearing. What has replaced it is a confused place with no clear identity, clouded with fear, run by unaccountable and incompetent globalist bureaucrats.
Its people are afraid. They're afraid of something the media and political classes seem intent on encouraging, against the wishes of the people.
I'm talking about the rising tide of Islamic immigration.
This is a difficult subject, and one that many Europeans don't want to talk or think about, for fear of being branded racist or bigoted. But, to my mind, it's the most important dimension of the referendum, easily eclipsing questions about GDP, import tariffs and even national sovereignty.
Europe has bent over backwards to accommodate Muslims, hoping with every placation that Muslims will integrate with their host cultures.
But that's not happening. Instead of integrating, Muslims have got more segregated and extreme in their beliefs and practices.
Think about some of the news stories we've seen about Islam. In Rotherham, 1,400 girls were raped by Pakistani rape gangs because the authorities were too afraid of being called “racist” to investigate their crimes properly.
So-called “rapefugees” are flooding Europe. We don't see many women and children flooding into our cities under the cover of western compassion. We do see a lot of fighting-age young men with iPhones.
There is now a Muslim crime wave in Europe that governments won't recognise. In Sweden, recently crowned the rape capital of Europe, police have even been banned from mentioning the ethnicity of rape suspects. Why?
The terrorist attacks in Paris and Brussels were committed by a mixture of homegrown terrorists and so-called refugees — that is, ISIS operatives who came in because we're too dumb to vet migrants properly.
France, motherland of Berlioz, Sartre, Debussy, Monet and Cézanne, is today full of “police no-go zones.” Calais is now known as The Jungle and the Paris Metro looks like South Sudan — and is about as safe.
In my home town of London we've elected a Muslim, Sadiq Khan, as mayor. We call them a moderate, ignoring their past history with some nasty characters, the fact that their wife immediately donned a hijab after they were elected, their idiotic beef with Donald Trump and their move to ban “body-shaming” ads on the Tube.
They have vowed to ban images of women in the public square in the name of feminism. But that sounds eerily like what happens in the Middle East, doesn't it?
The people of Europe have started to realise they have not a radical Islam problem, but an Islam problem. Some Europeans might find this difficult to hear. They might even call it “islamophobic.” But consider the evidence.
A Gallup poll a few years ago showed that 100 per cent of British Muslims believe homosexuality is an unacceptable lifestyle choice. Over half of them want it made illegal, too. 39 per cent of British Muslims believe a woman should always obey their husband. And a quarter of them want sharia law in the UK.
I was in Orlando last week, the site of the deadliest mass shooting in American history. And it wasn't a troubled white male loser gunning down a school. It was a Muslim — described as “not particularly religious” by their dad — who killed 50 gay people and maimed 50 more.
There is no reason to suppose that Muslims in Europe have any better opinions of women, gays, blacks, latinos and, let's face it, everyone else, than Orlando killer Omar Mateen.
Don't make the mistake of considering Islam a “problem for gays.” Muslims have a unique ability to be offended at anything. It's us today. It will be you tomorrow.
Again: this isn't radical Islam. It's Islam.
European elites have suggested adding Turkey to the EU. Turkey, once a country headed for a secular, progressive future, is now a hotbed of Islamic extremism. It is the home of the Islamic creationist movement and a dozen other deeply regressive strands of Islamic thought.
Turkey does not belong in a political union with the United Kingdom.
England's Brexit campaign is a positive step to regain its national sovereignty and prevent an influx of Muslim refugees. The EU, certainly, is not willing to do what's necessary to make people safe.
In the past, “immigrant” meant someone who wanted to improve their family's future. Muslim immigrants do not fit that definition. They want to turn Bradford into Baghdad.
Leaving the European Union is Britain's best chance of avoiding the fate that Germany and Sweden have chosen for themselves. If I were you, I would vote Leave.
Body in charge of UK policing policy is now an £18m-a-year brand charging the public £70 for a 60p criminal records check
Britain's most powerful police body is being run as a private business with an annual income of around £18million.
The Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO), which oversees everything from anti-terrorism policy to speed cameras, was last night facing demands that it be disbanded, following a Mail on Sunday investigation into its activities which include:
Selling information from the Police National Computer for up to £70 – even though it pays just 60 pence to access those details.
Marketing ‘police approval' logos to firms selling anti-theft devices.
Operating a separate private firm offering training to speed camera operators, which is run by a senior officer who was banned from driving.
The boss: Ken Jones, President of ACPO, has £140,000 a year plus a police pension
Advising the Government and police forces – earning £32million of taxpayers' money in the process.
Employing retired senior officers on lucrative salaries.
Until now, ACPO's central role in policing has not been questioned as it is seen as an essential, if sometimes controversial, public body writing the rules on police operations as well as campaigning on key issues such as the proposed 90-day detention for terror suspects and the DNA database.
But the organisation is not a public body, nor is it a police trade union or even a campaign group. It is a private company – a self-styled ‘global brand name' – paid millions of pounds a year by the taxpayer to effectively run the nation's police forces.
Because ACPO is a private company, members of the public cannot use the Freedom of Information Act to scrutinise its operations. Last night it came under fire from politicians and human rights lawyers, who called for its immediate reform.
Shami Chakrabarti, director of the civil rights group Liberty, questioned whether ACPO's role as a company with increasing national powers was ‘legal'. They said: ‘They need to be stopped in their tracks.'
At the centre of the controversy are the services ‘sold' by ACPO and over which it has a monopoly.
The association is headed by former Sussex Chief Constable Sir Ken Jones, who earns £138,702 a year and receives a further £30,000 in pension contributions on top of their existing police pension.
Its unpaid board includes Sir Hugh Orde, Chief Constable of Northern Ireland, Sir Paul Scott-Lee, West Midlands Chief Constable, and Tim Hollis, Chief Constable of Humberside.
It also employs a number of former high-ranking police officers on lucrative short-term contracts.
Its staff bill is £1.4million a year – which averages out at £66,000 for each of its 21 employees, although that figure also includes pension contributions and retainers paid to former members of staff acting as consultants.
Chairman of RSS Meredydd Hughes claims all speed cameras should be hidden and mobile
ACPO was set up in 1997, replacing an informal network of police chiefs who decided national policies. It was established as a formal body ‘to deal with growing budgets, the need to sign leases [and] the need to directly employ people'.
In the past two years its influence and public role has expanded to playing a major role in formulating national police policy, advising Ministers and overseeing the development of the National Police Improvement Agency, which runs the controversial DNA database and Police National Computer.
Its annual income from ‘project' work for the police and Home Office has risen to £15million, from just £1.3million in 2005.
But its growth has taken place without any parliamentary debate and without being subject to public scrutiny, and its decisions are largely taken in secret.
According to its accounts, it earned money from the taxpayer for ‘co-ordination of the national police response to terrorism, organised crime [and] large operations such
as the Suffolk prostitute murders'.
It also says it was paid for its involvement in arranging the ‘use of police cells across the country to house prisoners'.
In 2007 ACPO rewrote its statement of purpose adopting ‘a new, more responsive business structure'.
The new document included the assertion that it would ‘continue to develop our business activities to ensure that the ACPO brand name is recognised globally as a mark of excellence in policing'.
It is unclear who decides how much ACPO charges the Home Office and police forces for its activities. Its board members can claim expenses but their salaries are paid by their individual police forces.
As a ‘not for profit' company it does not pay dividends to its shareholders, but its accounts show a significant annual surplus, which has led to ACPO having £15.8million in assets, including £9.2million ‘cash at bank and in hand'.
Corporate HQ: ACPO's Central London base, close to Scotland Yard
ACPO says this money is to fund future projects, but the accounts show its cash account grew from £6million in 2007 to £9million this year and earned interest of nearly £1.4million over the period.
Boosting this annual surplus are a number of ACPO subsidiaries which sell ‘police' services. It recently set up ACRO – the ACPO Criminal Records Office – which sells so-called police certificates which reveal whether someone has a criminal record.
Headed by retired Hampshire Deputy Chief Constable Ian Readhead, who has a £50,000 contract with ACPO, it provides the documents required by people applying for visas to work or live in the United States, Australia, New Zealand and Canada.
Until now visa applicants could obtain these details by making what was known as a ‘subject access request' to the police. The maximum charge for these requests was £10.
But according to the US Embassy, ACPO approached them and offered to provide their own criminal record certificates. These are now the only documents acceptable for visa applications.
Under the new system, applicants fill out an online form and receive a statement about whether or not they have a criminal record.
According to the National Police Improvement Agency, which runs the Police National Computer, ACPO is charged 60p for each search.
However, ACPO charges the public up to £70 for its ‘premium service', while its standard service – which takes ten days – costs £35.
Last year ACPO received an income of £197,633 from the service, which is not available from any other agency. It says its charges are reasonable because the service involves ‘additional processing elements including photography processing and a full report prepared for each application'.
Another lucrative ACPO offshoot is ACPO Crime Prevention Initiatives Ltd. The company, which charges manufacturers to approve their crime-prevention products such as burglar alarms and blast doors, had a turnover of £981,500 last year.
The firm's accounts show that it made a healthy surplus of £225,000 on that income and paid its directors £107,000.
The firm issues Secured by Design licences and advertises the approved firms' telephone numbers and other contact details on the ACPO website.
The website says: ‘The company is funded through partnership with companies whose products meet technical standards identified by ACPO.'
Products that meet that standard can display the Secured by Design logo with the wording ‘Police Preferred Specification'.
Richard Childs, former Chief Constable of Lincolnshire, is managing director of ACPO Crime Prevention Initiatives and earns £42,500 a year.
ACPO is also involved with Road Safety Support Ltd. According to documents at Companies House, RSS was established last year to ‘provide secretarial support to the ACPO Road Policing Enforcement Technology Committee and the Chair of the ACPO Safety Camera Administration Group'.
An independent affiliate of ACPO, the firm also provides expert witnesses to combat ‘loophole' lawyers attempting to beat speeding offences. It also provides training to speed camera operators.
The chairperson of RSS is Meredydd Hughes, Chief Constable of South Yorkshire. They were formerly the chairperson of ACPO's roads policing group but stood down following a driving ban after being caught on camera speeding at 90mph.
Mr Hughes, who has claimed that all speed cameras should be hidden and mobile, is not paid by the company.
ACPO said RSS is a non-profit-making private limited company set up to provide support to both Safety Camera Partnerships, which install speed cameras across the country, and the Highways Authorities on ‘a variety of legal and technical issues of road safety'.
Conservative Shadow Home Secretary Chris Grayling last night questioned ACPO's role, and called for its reform. They said: ‘Is it an external reference group for Home Office Ministers or a professional association protecting senior officers' interests?
Is it a national policing agency? Is it a pressure group arguing for greater police powers? I am planning to have serious discussions about their role.
‘I was particularly concerned by the Government's decision to give them a statutory role in senior police appointments. There are real questions to be asked about whether they can carry out all of these roles and I think change might very well be necessary.'
Shami Chakrabarti, of Liberty, questioned whether ACPO's role as a company with increasing national powers was legal. They said: ‘It is legally questionable for senior police officers to be running this sort of business.'
They added that police officers' powers were limited by statute and any increase in those powers had to be approved by Parliament. By increasing its national role and engaging in commercial activities, ACPO could be breaking the law, they said.
Ms Chakrabarti added: ‘ACPO is many things. It advises Government, it sets policing policy, it campaigns for increased police powers, and now we learn it is engaged in commercial activities – all with a rather shady lack of accountability.
‘When they take positions on issues, it is very unclear who is deciding to do so. Our Parliament decided that we do not have a national police force
in this country. It is considered anti-democratic to put so much power
in one place. This is why we have regional police forces.
‘But ACPO is morphing into a national police force where they all take a single line on holding terror suspects for 42 days or ID cards and individual chief constables aren't supposed to speak out. None of this should be happening without an Act of Parliament.
‘They need to be stopped in their tracks and there should be a fundamental review of ACPO and all its functions.'
An ACPO spokesperson defended the organisation's activities. They said: ‘ACPO is an independent, professionally led strategic body. In the public interest, ACPO leads and co-ordinates the direction and development of the police service nationally.
‘In times of national need ACPO, on behalf of all chief officers, co-ordinates the strategic policing response.
‘ACPO is funded in part by the Government in order to collectively develop advice for them. Project work which ACPO undertakes on behalf of the police service is at the request of the Home Office and goes towards public protection against serious and strategic threats that can only be tackled above force level.
'All funds to ACPO are employed in the interests of public safety and the police service.'
They denied that the organisation was keeping huge amounts of money from public funds in cash in its bank accounts.
They said: ‘All funds from the Home Office are tied to projects to tackle serious and strategic threats on behalf of the police service. As projects can be delivered across a number of years, it follows [our year] end accounts may show a surplus.'
Tokyo, Japan - The tsunami-devastated nuclear reactor in Fukushima continues to seap contaminated water into the Pacific Ocean, and a risky move to remove spent fuel rods is the next hurdle in the two-and-a-half-year-old crisis.
The beleaguered Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) that operates the stricken Fukushima Daiichi plant will attempt to take out spent fuel rods in Reactor No 4 - an extremely dangerous process that could unleash high levels of radiation if something goes wrong.
"Any error in the removing of these is going to be disastrous. We are all in a sense crossing our fingers," nuclear scientist Imad Khadduri told Al Jazeera.
Japan's nuclear regulatory body approved TEPCO's plan on Wednesday, and the removal of 1,500 rods is expected to begin in November once a crane needed for the work is constructed. Each four-metre long rod as wide as a thumb will be removed one by one.
Fukushima is the world's worst nuclear accident [EPA]
The task at hand has been described as unprecedented. Weighing some 400 tons, the radioactivity of the rods is equivalent to 14,000 times of what was released in the Hiroshima bombing in 1945.
"Handling spent fuels involves huge risks," said Shunichi Tanaka, chairperson of the Nuclear Regulation Authority. "It would be a disaster if radioactive materials come out of the metal rods during the work."
The removal is the latest development in the ongoing crisis after the March 11, 2011 9.0-magnitude earthquake and 15-metre-high tsunumi crippled the Daiichi plant. Tanaka admitted in July that contaminated water continues to flow into the Pacfic Ocean, and it was unclear exactly how to stop it.
Concerns have also been raised about TEPCO's handling of the situation since the 2011 quake-tsunami, and whether the government should step in and take over the operation.
'Take charge'
"This is an unprecedented undertaking," declared Japan's Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso on August 27. "From a technical point of view as well, this is not something that a single company can handle ... It's obvious that the government will have to take charge."
In spite of the deputy prime minister's comments, however, the reality has been that TEPCO - the same company whose negligence allowed Fukushima Daiichi to operate for decades without sufficient preparation against the possibility of a sudden power loss at the plant - remains the primary organisation in charge of managing, decontaminating, and compensating for the world's worst nuclear power plant disaster.
In the early months after the accident, there was little choice but to leave TEPCO in charge of the site.
Naoto Kan, who was Japan's prime minister at the onset of the crisis, said they immediately established a nuclear emergency response headquarters as required by law. But Kan said they quickly discovered the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency (NISA), the government regulator that was supposed to manage a nuclear accident, was incapable of carrying out its responsibilities.
As Kan put it in a recent interview with the Japan Times: "NISA was unable to provide any information - not about what was happening at TEPCO, nor at the plant - nothing."
However, as months wore on, leaving TEPCO in charge of on-site management of the Fukushima disaster became less of a necessity and more of a political choice.
Prosecutors decided on September 9 that no individuals would be held criminally accountable - and all official investigations from the beginning seem to have been premised on the notions that either the accident was entirely "unforeseeable," or that everyone was responsible and, therefore, no one was.
Each time a typhoon comes we hear news about contaminated water spreading further and flowing into the ocean. And even though there has been a change in government, the policy hasn't changed at all. - Akira Kasai, politican
Moreover, the Japanese government stepped in and saved TEPCO from the financial consequences of its Fukushima disaster by injecting tens of billions of dollars in taxpayer money to keep the enterprise afloat.
Theoretically, this involved the "nationalisation" of TEPCO in May 2012, but in reality the government left the same management in charge.
The Shinzo Abe administration, which came to power last December after defeating the former ruling party in a landslide election, is far more committed to reviving the nuclear power industry than its predecessor.
However, the administration has made no immediate changes in the country's pre-existing disaster management framework, including the leading role being played by TEPCO.
Anti-nuclear politicians, such as Akira Kasai of the House of Representatives, have been scathing on this point.
"Each time a typhoon comes we hear news about contaminated water spreading further and flowing into the ocean. And even though there has been a change in government, the policy hasn't changed at all ... It remains a case of leaving it all to TEPCO."
Hands off
The first signal that this hands-off policy would change came from Prime Minister Abe themselves on August 8 when they told a Cabinet meeting: "We will not leave this to TEPCO, but put together a government strategy. We will direct TEPCO to make sure that there is a swift and multi-faceted approach in place."
Most opposition politicians say the time is long overdue for government intervention.
Satoshi Arai, a former state minister in charge of national policy who dealt extensively with the Fukushima crisis under the last government, told Al Jazeera that TEPCO lacks the expertise to handle the task that has been thrust upon it.
"It's too difficult for TEPCO alone," they said. "A new framework and new law is needed. Almost everyone involved in this matter agrees on this point, though I don't know how the TEPCO management itself feels about it."
Prime Minister Abe surprised most observers on September 7 when they declared to the International Olympic Committee that radioactive water flows to the ocean are "completely blocked" and that "the situation is under control" - two claims of dubious veracity that were widely attacked in Japan.
The Japanese prime minister followed up with a personal visit to the Fukushima Daiichi plant on September 19. Wielding their authority as the nation's leader, Abe instructed TEPCO executives that the two reactors at the plant that had escaped major damage - Reactor No 5 and Reactor No 6 - should also be decommissioned.
TEPCO President Naomi Hirose did not immediately agree, but indicated a decision on this matter would be made by the end of the year.
But after a series of opinion polls taken by a Japanese news organisation made clear the public wants the government to take more direct responsibility for resolving the Fukushima crisis, the Abe administration looks more likely to try something new.
Alternative solutions
Several ideas have been floated, including one from Japan's ruling party, that TEPCO should be divided into two companies, with one organisation taking over the work of cleaning up the Fukushima disaster, while the other company is allowed to focus on rebuilding the rest of the utility's businesses.
But Arai questions the practicality of this scheme: "A private company has to think about profits. If one part of TEPCO is carved out to deal with Fukushima and can manage it well, that should be welcomed. But such a company cannot really exist, can it?"
They conclude that any organisation created to manage Fukushima Daiichi would need so much government support that it might as well just be conceived as a government enterprise from the start.
Added to this point of view is the fierce critique of some local politicians such as Niigata Governor Hirohiko Izumida, whose region hosts the Kashiwazaki-Kariwa plant, the world's largest nuclear facility by power-generation capacity.
Izumida denounces TEPCO as "a company that can tell lies" and is unfit to operate nuclear power plants.
Japan's nuclear power industry - especially TEPCO - is caught in a political tug-of-war whose outcome is difficult to predict.
The Abe administration is fully committed to a quick restart of the nation's nuclear reactors as part of what it regards as a "responsible" energy policy.
Critics, including former prime minister Junichiro Koizumi, an Abe mentor, argues that reactivating the reactors in an earthquake-prone nation and without a clear notion of how to dispose of radioactive waste is precisely what is most irresponsible.
Both sides have been digging in for what will inevitably be a long and passionate political struggle.
Follow Michael Penn on Twitter: @ShingetsuNews
The Most Expensive Record Never Sold Discogs, Billy Yeager And The $18,000 Hoax That Almost Was
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Parra/Getty Images John Parra/Getty Images
This is the story of a hoax that almost was. Its motivating force was a hunger for fame, or infamy, or whispered legend in a particularly American sort of way. It begins on a beach somewhere in south Florida.
Earlier this year, a test pressing (literally a test, for labels and artists to hear before ordering a full run of new record) of an unknown musician's record was put up for sale on Discogs, a resale website popular with collectors. Two days later that test pressing almost became, at a price tag of $18,000, the most expensive album ever sold on the site, besting a record set last year for a sublimely rare Prince piece which sold for $15,000.
The lightning-fast turnaround on this record-breaking sale, however, seems to have been a fiction woven by the record's creator. This morning, Discogs canceled the transaction.
toggle caption Discogs
The album, called 301 Jackson St., was recorded by Billy Yeager, a Florida man who has pursued musical fame (or at least notoriety) for 37 years, by their own account. Despite a clear talent for guitar and a cosmically eccentric and dubiously effective knack for self-promotion, Yeager has been stymied repeatedly. The most eccentric — and ill-conceived — example of their promotional facility, bar none, came when Yeager spent two years planning and executing a hoax that would eventually convince a television station and a weekly paper to believe that they were Jimmy Story, the son of Jimi Hendrix, who was in possession of lost recordings from the psychedelic legend. To pull off the scam, Yeager dyed their skin brown. As The Miami Herald wrote in 1996:
The recently proclaimed, mumbling, mentally defective, cordovan-hued, long-lost love child of Jimi Hendrix is really a Swedish-blond, singing surfer guy from Hollywood beach. Both the TV station and the newspaper were victims of an incredibly detailed hoax — including forged photos, signatures and birth certificate — that was two years in the making by itinerant surfer/musician Billy Yeager. They then called The Herald to claim, er, credit for the hoax, executed for attention.
Now, it seems clear that Yeager has attempted to perpetrate another hoax: They are, it seems, the seller who posted 301 Jackson St. on Discogs. He's also likely the buyer. Which means that $18,000 never changed hands and also raises the possibility that the test pressing of 301 Jackson St. does not exist at all.
Could this story get any weirder? As the Herald notes, the Jimmy Story hoax (you can see a picture of Yeager as Jimmy Story, with dyed brown-face, on their website — note that many-to-most of the clippings included in that image, such as a cover story from The New York Times, are clearly fake) began, as few things do, with Bruce Hornsby. (Yes, that Bruce Hornsby.) In 1990, the story goes, Hornsby heard a demo tape of Yeager's, liked what they heard and connected Yeager with Capitol Records, who gave Yeager a shot. It was the closest they would come to fame, but it cemented in Yeager's mind what he'd thought for some time: that they were destined for, perhaps owed, greatness. The catalyst Hornsby provided would become a source of obsession. As the Herald wrote, years after Hornsby's co-sign, Yeager was far from success, surviving "on odd jobs," living "in a cramped beach apartment with surfboards on the walls" with "a drawer jammed with hundreds of terse rejection letters from recording companies."
Embittered, Yeager began to plan the Jimmy Story bamboozle. After two years of preparation, Jimmy Story became a cover star. Less than two years after that, Yeager had assembled, roughshod and chaotic, a documentary about their life, with the Jimmy Story hoax as its centrifugal force. An excellent piece by John F. Stacey for the New Times Broward-Palm Beach, published in late 1997, chronicles Yeager's production of the film — Jimmy's Story — culled from many, many hours of tape. The film featured interviews with family members, including Bunny Yeager, a former Playboy model and photographer best known for helping to craft pin-up Betty Page's image. In their story Stacey percolates some useful insights:
In their movie, quotations from Scripture in voice-over frame this personal journey of trying to "make it" in biblical proportions akin to Job or Moses in the desert. This quixotic self-conceived struggle is what led to the creation of Jimmy Story.
A tumble down the rabbit hole of Yeager's life is quixotic indeed — relentless failures and their ceaseless drive to reverse them form a closed loop that only occasionally reaches out into the real world. Diving in, you realize quickly you are not in control here, like Alice chasing the rabbit. Like a dog chasing a car.
John F. Stacey says they stayed in touch with Yeager for years after they wrote that piece, but lost touch about a decade ago because, as they say, "he always wants something off of me." But the release of Jimmy's Story, which Stacey praised, drew the attention of a Spanish woman named Anais, who traveled to Florida and became Yeager's wife, Stacey says. After the pair married they began producing films like Jesus of Malibu and Sebastien Beach, One Fine Day, which attracted minor attention. Eventually, Yeager began experimenting with the web and the infinite possibilities it offers, to those with ample time on their hands, for invention, obfuscation and, most importantly, self-mythology.
But, true to form, Yeager didn't go about harnessing the web like most do — sharing and promoting their work and hoping it would draw eyeballs. For all their purported virtuosity and the ostensible existence of multiple recordings, their music is — besides grainy footage of Yeager shredding, tank-topped and beach-browned, in a backyard jam session — practically inaccessible in an age of ubiquitous access. Instead, Yeager created a murkier — possibly entirely fictional — network of identities with the purpose of propping themselves up, like stilts under a sun-worn beach house. This network appears to be composed of publicists, managers, film producers and retailers of Yeager memorabilia — or what normal folks call items of sentimental value.
The trail of (quite arguably) collectible Yeager ephemera online forms another closed system of dubious worth, with Yeager at its center and pseudonymous retailers encircling him. Yeager-connected items can be found across eBay, YouTube, Discogs and Etsy, always priced exorbitantly. A surfboard once offered for $15,000 by a seller in Lake Worth, Fla. A recording by Yeager and bass god Jaco Pastorius for $99,000, offered by South Florida Collectables [sic]. A guitar that Yeager played in Jesus of Malibu for $250,000 from a shop named Vonweinberg (remember that name) in West Palm Beach, Fla. On YouTube, one of the few videos of Yeager playing — ably — is said to be for sale by "South Florida Collectibles."
YouTube
On Discogs, the user who attempted to sell 301 Jackson St. and nearly broke the site's record under the name "southflamusic" has several other Yeager records for sale, none priced less than $3,200. (Asked about the pricing of Yeager's records, Dave Thompson, the editor of price guides for the music collector's magazine Goldmine, told NPR, "All it comes down to is: How badly does someone want it, and can they afford to buy it? The question I cannot answer is... why?")
Reached over email, "southflamusic" responded using the name "Al Sharpton," a pseudonym they said was meant to protect their business interests. Asked how they acquired their copy of 301 Jackson St., Sharpton responded: "I can't say." Asked what the record sounded like and how, given Yeager's mercurial anonymity, they had arrived at these prices, Sharpton responded with over 600 words about Yeager's life. Here's a selection:
it is totally original, think for a moment that they are a guitar player, and consider Bruce Hornsby is a piano player, what would make them want to help Billy? Yeager is a genius, there is not one single artist on the planet that can do what they do, not even Mozart. Your next question is yes it is expensive, you should know that famous artists albums are a dime a dozen, there is not hardly any of Billy's records on-line, take any, ANY obscure artist and look them up on discogs, I bet you find over 600 to 1000 albums listed for sale, I know, Billy's records are rare. Yeager's life story will also probably become a major feature film, I have heard that one is in the works [...] as I said, you should watch the film, and a tip for you.... if you are covering just a story about the album on discogs, you are making a mistake, leaving a big story to someone else is foolish, word to the wise, invest your time
Asked for a phone call, Sharpton responded that they were "in the middle of talks all day with some business." Sharpton did not respond at press time when asked point-blank if they were in fact Billy Yeager.
Discogs, which initially notified NPR of the record-breaking sale of 301 Jackson St., says they verify sales of this magnitude by making sure each side of the transaction has no complaints following the transaction's completion. (In this case, the mailing of a physical check.) However, in this case an employee named Aaron Marquez, a community engagement specialist, thought something seemed fishy. (As did NPR, when we began investigating Yeager's life.)
The company canceled the sale as of this morning, but not before reporting about the record-breaking transaction began to make its way across the Internet. In a statement on the transaction's cancellation, founder and CEO Kevin Lewandowski writes: "Discogs' mission will continue to be built on the love of music, not the duplicitous nature of the hustle."
The press contact Yeager lists on their site — Chris Von Weinberg, who is also listed as the writer, producer and director of a recent documentary about Yeager and who has no other film credits on iMDB — did not respond to a request for an interview. That's because Von Weinberg is Yeager, says John F. Stacey. "Chris Von Weinberg. That's Billy. As he's migrated onto the Internet he's created all these fake identities."
As Stacey wrote in 1997, Yeager had a teacher:
Once, when young Billy accompanied their dad to a meeting about a potential record deal as a country artist, they were amazed how Ray suddenly adopted a hillbilly drawl and bumbling demeanor. It isn't hard to see where the younger Yeager might have picked up their penchant for affecting voices, for impersonating their own manager on the phone, for all the compulsive artifice that has overshadowed their music for so long.
Everything about this tale points to Yeager having bought their own unknown record from himself, short of Yeager actually admitting it. But to what end? Likely the one you're reading. What comes after this, Yeager's latest arguable success (however fleetingly, they held a sales record over Prince — more than most can hope for, at least) might be a form of infamy that they could, for once, be satisfied with. But this is a man more interested in the chase than in the catching. The story of Billy Yeager is one of purposeless obfuscation. Yeager told Stacey they should be playing stadiums, not local bars. But anyone in a stadium, their fame achieved, has played a bar once in their life.
Yeager, for all the belief they have in their promise and their failures expressing it, has repeatedly poured more of their creative energy into being a trickster-booster than they have an artist. If that art does indeed exist, we'll probably never hear it at a price we're willing to pay.
Samuel Clemens was born on November 30, 1835 in the small town of Florida, Missouri. They were the sixth of seven children, and the growing farming family moved in 1939 to the new town of Hannibal, Missouri on the banks of the Mississippi River. Samuel's father died suddenly in 1847, and they finished up the fifth grade and went to work as a printer's apprentice at a local paper.
They would continue this work for the next 10 years throughout New York, Philadelphia, and Cincinnati before returning home in 1857 to be a riverboat pilot. With the outbreak of the Civil War, the pilot job ended and Samuel headed West, taking up writing along the way. Eventually landing in San Francisco, they got their first "big break" with the publication of their short story, "Jim Smiley and Their Jumping Frog." This photo series captures the remainder of their amazing life...
1850 Hannibal, Missouri
Samuel Clemens in 1850 in Hannibal, Missouri. This first-known photo was a benefit afforded them by their job as a printer's apprentice. If you look closely, you'll notice the printed "SAM" letters on the small board they are holding in their hand.
1885 Twain Papers
Mark Twain as a young man ca. 1855. They were working as a printer in New York City at the time, and had put together enough of a life to return home two years later.
1867
Samuel Clemens absolutely loved to travel. After experiencing both coasts of the U.S., they headed to Istanbul, Turkey in 1867. This photo captures their full head of wavy hair and mustache that would complete their look for the rest of their life. They began using the pen name "Mark Twain" about this time.
Christopher Ludwick [or Ludwig, Ludowick, Ludwigg] (1720 Germany–1801 U. S. A.) was a German immigrant to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania who served as baker general for the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War.
Biography [ edit ]
Life in Europe and Philadelphia [ edit ]
Early in life, Christopher Ludwick enlisted in the Austrian army and served in the Austro-Russian-Turkish War. They endured the hardships of a grueling seventeen weeks long battle known as the Siege of Prague. When the French and Bavarians captured Prague in 1741, Ludwick was conscripted into the Prussian army. When peace was finally declared, Ludwick decided to leave continental Europe. Ludwick arrived in England in 1742 and joined the British Royal Navy.[1] They seem to have served as a baker aboard the H.M.S. Duke of Cumberland until 1745, and then served as a seaman in the merchant marine.[1]
In 1753, they sailed for Philadelphia taking only £25 and some clothing. Their time in Philadelphia was spent as a baker which proved to be very lucrative for him. With the £60 they had earned by this venture, Ludwick returned to London where they continued their work as a baker. Additionally, they learned a new trade of making very specialized cakes and confections for the wealthy people of London. Equipped with this new knowledge, they returned to Philadelphia the following year and expanded their business as a gingerbread baker and confectioner located in Laetitia Court where they amassed a fortune! So much so, that Ludwick married Catherine England in 1755. They owned 4 or 5 homes in the Philadelphia area plus a farm in Germantown, Pennsylvania. Ludwick and their wife had one child who died in infancy.[2]
American revolutionary [ edit ]
Ludwick was a staunch advocate of the American Revolution. From the very beginning, the American Patriots maintained their stance that no measures of compromise would be effective with the English and therefore spoke for war with England; no matter its duration. On one occasion, when it had been proposed by Major General Thomas Mifflin to purchase firearms by private subscription or require the individual to buy their own guns, this caused some dissent among the Patriots especially those who were unable to pay. Ludwick was able to silence their opposition by saying, “Let the poor, gingerbread baker be put down for £200!” The proposition was then adopted unanimously. In the summer of 1776, Ludwick enlisted as a volunteer. They were 55 years old.
Ludwick was of immeasurable service to the cause of the American Revolution by persuading their fellow German (Hessian countrymen) who were fighting on the side of England to desert those British ranks and become residents of Philadelphia instead. Upon learning of the capture of eight Hessian soldiers who were taken as prisoners during the Battle of Germantown, Ludwick immediately went to the military headquarters for the American Patriots and convinced the commander-in-chief to place those eight men in their hands. Then, Ludwick took it upon themselves to serve as their host and guide. They showed them all about Philadelphia and the surrounding vicinity. Ludwick was able to show these eight men how well the citizens of German heritage were prospering there. They pointed out how comfortably the German families of the area were housed and what fine churches they had! They spoke of the freedom and independence that they had to pursue their own avocations in Philadelphia without intrusion. Even those who were in humbler pursuits of life were living happily in America. When Ludwick dismissed those eight men, they charged them with the sole purpose of returning to their regiments to inform their fellow soldiers of all that they had seen. Ludwick encouraged them to describe the happiness awaiting those who would desert their service to fight for England and settle in Pennsylvania. The seed thus planted bore rich fruit. It is said that Ludwick's influence on those few eight men resulted in many, many Germans who decided to become citizens of Philadelphia. Many of whom afterward became prosperous citizens of the time.
Ludwick's success in this enterprise encouraged them to similar endeavors in that same vein. For example, they visited a Hessian camp on Staten Island, New York without detection and was able to cause some of the German soldiers there to join them in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The fact remains that Ludwick's influence on the success of the American Revolution cannot be overstated. They were very instrumental in advancing the cause without a lot of bloodshed. Without question, Christopher Ludwick was a true hero of the American Revolution!
Baker general [ edit ]
Ludwick had originally learned the baking trade in their native city of Giessen. In 1777, they were appointed by the Continental Congress to the position of baker general to the American Army. It was stipulated that they should return one pound of bread for every pound of flour delivered to him. But, they immediately replied, “Not so! I must not be enriched by the war. I shall return 135 pounds of bread for every 100 pounds of flour.”
Christopher Ludwick was often invited to dine at George Washington's large dinner parties and frequently their conversations were in relation to the bread supplies for the Army. One of Ludwick's notable achievements was their prompt execution of General George Washington's orders. Washington had defeated British Army Officer Charles Cornwallis at the Siege of Yorktown which ended on October 19, 1781. After the surrender of Cornwallis, General George Washington ordered that Ludwick be responsible for feeding their hungry men. Ludwick baked 6,000 pounds of bread in one day with the help of their loving and supportive wife, Catherine England Ludwick. They were able to provide the much-needed nourishment to the soldiers of Washington after that particularly long battle. That is just one instance, but Ludwick was able to keep the war machine of General Washington running because of that very simple, but appreciated staple - Bread! Washington usually addressed Ludwick in company as “My honest friend.” In 1785, Ludwick was given a certificate of good conduct by General Washington which was written in their own handwriting. Washington realized the importance of Ludwick's invaluable service to the Army.
Philanthropy [ edit ]
Ludwick spent a good deal of their later life in service to others. If they discovered that there were those in need or a worthwhile charity to which they could lend their assistance, they did as much as they possibly could to contribute either with their time or money in aiding their circumstance. In 1793, the city of Philadelphia was hit hard by the yellow fever epidemic. Ludwick worked tirelessly at baking bread, gratuitously, to feed those who were sick or destitute. Ludwick was determined to help relieve the suffering of others.
Upon their death in 1801 at the age of 81, Ludwick bequeathed $13,000 ($500,000 today) to fund a charitable trust “for the schooling and education gratis, of poor children of all denominations, in the city and liberties of Philadelphia, without exception to the country, extraction, or religious principles of their parents or friends.”[3] Based in Bryn Mawr, the Christopher Ludwick Foundation remains active in its mission to the present day.[4]  They are buried in the cemetery of St. Michael's Lutheran Church.
Their charitable donations were primarily awarded to several different organizations in the city of Philadelphia which had become for Ludwick their beloved, adopted home. Organizations such as the immigrant aid society Deutsche Gesellschaft von Pennsylvanien, the University of Pennsylvania and two church charities for poor children received money from the Christopher Ludwick estate. The remainder of the estate in the amount of £3,000 was given to create a free school. In 1872, that school was named in their honor as the Ludwick Institute.
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Attribution
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Voters stand in line in North Miami, October 30, 2012. (AP Photo/Alan Diaz) Ad Policy
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia made a point of emphasizing during the Bush v. Gore arguments in December 2000 that there is no federal constitutional guarantee of a right to vote for president. Scalia was right. Indeed, as the reform group FairVote reminds us, “Because there is no right to vote in the U.S. Constitution, individual states set their own electoral policies and procedures. This leads to confusing and sometimes contradictory policies regarding ballot design, polling hours, voting equipment, voter registration requirements, and ex-felon voting rights. As a result, our electoral system is divided into 50 states, more than 3,000 counties and approximately 13,000 voting districts, all separate and unequal.”
Mark Pocan and Keith Ellison want to do something about that.
The two members of congress, both former state legislators with long histories of engagement with voting-rights issues, on Monday unveiled a proposal to explicitly guarantee the right to vote in the Constitution.
“The right to vote is too important to be left unprotected,” explained Pocan, who announced the initiative at the state capitol in Madison, Wisconsin, where the Republican state assembly speaker recently announced plans to enact restrictive “voter ID” legislation before the 2014 election. “At a time when there are far too many efforts to disenfranchise Americans, a voting rights amendment would positively affirm our founding principle that our country is at its strongest when everyone participates. As the world's leading democracy, we must demand of ourselves what we demand of others—a guaranteed right to vote for all.”
Without that clear guarantee, argues Ellison, politicians continue to propose and enact legislation that impedes voting rights. Noting recent wrangling over voter identification laws, burdensome registration requirements and reduced early voting opportunities in various states, as well as a challenge to the Voting Rights Act that is now under consideration by the US Supreme Court, the Minnesota Democrat, who co-chairs the Congressional Progressive Caucus, says, “Even though the right to vote is the most-mentioned right in the Constitution, legislatures across the country have been trying to deny that right to millions of Americans, including in my home state of Minnesota. It's time we made it clear once and for all: every citizen in the United States has a fundamental right to vote.”
If approved by the Congress and then ratified by three-fourths of the states, it would add to the founding document this declaration:
SECTION 1: Every citizen of the United States, who is of legal voting age, shall have the fundamental right to vote in any public election held in the jurisdiction in which the citizen resides. SECTION 2: Congress shall have the power to enforce and implement this article by appropriate legislation.
There is nothing radical about that language. It outlines a basic premise of the American experiment, and a concept that the United States has proudly exported. Indeed, when the US has had a hand in shaping the destinies of other lands, as well as international agreements, the primacy of the right to vote has been well understood and explicitly stated.
The constitution of Iraq guarantees that “Iraqi citizens, men and women, shall have the right to participate in public affairs and to enjoy political rights including the right to vote, elect, and run for office.”
In Afghanistan, the constitution provides every citizen with “the right to elect and be elected.”
The German constitution crafted in the aftermath of World War II declared that every adult “shall be entitled to vote.”
In Japan, the constitution announced, “Universal adult suffrage is guaranteed.”
And, of course, when former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt chaired the commission that outlined a Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the document declared:
1. Everyone has the right to take part in the government of their country, directly or through freely chosen representatives. 2. Everyone has the right of equal access to public service in their country. 3. The will of the people shall be the basis of the authority of government; this will shall be expressed in periodic and genuine elections which shall be by universal and equal suffrage and shall be held by secret vote or by equivalent free voting procedures.
Americans have considered right-to-vote amendments in the past. But the frequency with which contentious debates are erupting nationwide—just this year, according to the Brennan Center for Justice, more than eighty bills to restrict voting have been introduced in more than thirty states—has already inspired significant activism on behalf of constitutional reform.
“The right to vote is the foundation of any democracy,” says FairVote executive director Rob Richie. “Adding an affirmative right to vote to the US Constitution is the best way to guarantee that the government, whether at the federal, state, or local level, cannot infringe upon our individual right to vote. Building support for this amendment offers an opportunity to inspire a twenty-first-century suffrage movement where Americans come together to protect voting rights, promote voter participation and debate suffrage expansion.”
John Nichols is the author (with Robert w. McChesney) of the upcoming book Dollarocracy: How the Money and Media Election Complex is Destroying America. Hailed by Publisher's Weekly as “a fervent call to action for reformers,” it examines a host of voting rights and democracy issues—including the case for a right-to-vote amendment to the Constitution.
“First in war, first in peace and first in the hearts of their countrymen, they were second to none in the humble and endearing scenes of private life. Pious, just, humane, temperate and sincere — uniform, dignified and commanding — their example was as edifying to all around them as were the effects of that example lasting… Correct throughout, vice shuddered in their presence and virtue always felt their fostering hand. The purity of their private character gave effulgence to their public virtues… Such was the man for whom our nation mourns.”
Those were the words given by Henry Light-Horse Harry Lee, delivered in the eulogy they gave to George Washington on behalf of the nation on December 26, 1799 — twelve days after Washington's death. When news of their death made its way around the world, the man regarded as The Father of Their Country, left not just an entire nation in mourning, but shocked many in Europe.
In commemoration of the first President of the United States of America and commander-in-chief of the army who defeated England, mock funerals took place over a period of seven weeks. Napoleon Bonaparte of France gave a personal eulogy and further ordered a ten day requiem. The Kingdom of Great Britain lowered their flags to half-mast across the entire Royal Navy.
The mourning response to Washington's death was one that reflected contemporary public and private traditions of the time period, but with their death occurring so close to the turn of the nineteenth century, and with the French Revolutionary War still in full-force (despite Washington having proclaimed America neutral), many perceived their death as an omen.
When the announcement of Washington's death reached the capital of Philadelphia (the nation's temporary capital while the new federal city was being constructed), Congress immediately adjourned their session. Returning the next day, the House of Representatives assembled adorning black attire and further shrouded the Speaker's chair in black. By December 23, speaking for the joint committee of both houses, House Representative, John Marshall initiated what would become the foundation for the United States' first state funeral through a resolution of structured mourning events around public commemorations that fostered unity and a sense of national identity among grieving Americans.
With mock funerals being held across the country and Congress soon proposing a plan to erect a monument in marble in the nation's future capital city of Washington. However, perhaps the most memorable of mock funerals took place on December 26, when Congress arranged a funeral procession through the streets of Philadelphia.
Attended by over 4,000 mourners, the procession travelled from Congress Hall to the German Lutheran Church, where an oration would be delivered by Washington's protege Henry Lee, Jr.
Chronicling their funeral, fellow Mason, Josiah Bartlett, who along with other Masonic brethren and military officers, served as pallbearers. The coffin bore Washington's sword and Masonic apron. Washington's horse was led by two servants dressed in mourning clothes. But as they were interred, Bartlett noted, “Everyone was affected, but none so much as their domestics of all ages.”
To further demonstrate grief, Congress published a presidential proclamation of wearing black crepe armbands on left arms for thirty days.
While Washington had previously stated in their last will and testament that they wanted only a small and private sendoff, they were so beloved by the country, they were given the second state funeral in America, the first being for Benjamin Franklin.
Meanwhile, unlike the mock funeral organized by Congress, Washington's actual funeral was a relatively smaller affair, as they had wished. Their Masonic lodge prepared the sendoff, where mourners were advised to arrive “Wednesday, at Mount Vernon, at twelve o'clock, if fair, or on Thursday at the same hour.”
That Wednesday, December 18, 1799, the Masons arrived at Mount Vernon and held a formal procession, which included soldiers on foot and horseback, with Washington's horse bearing the traditional empty saddle. Meanwhile, Washington was interred in a humble red-brick tomb on a hillside surrounded by the members of the procession. The traditional Masonic funeral rites were performed by Lodge members Rev. James Muir, minister of the Alexandria Presbyterian Church and Dr. Elisha Dick, with a final viewing taking place before Washington's body was placed in their tomb for the rest of eternity.
Though said to have led a private Washington's birthday, which had been observed with banquets and public celebrations during their lifetime, became the culmination of a forty-nine day period of public mourning. As a result, February 22, 1800, became a shared point of reference for commemorating Washington's life and that of Presidents' Day.
PORTLAND — Hundreds of engineers, entrepreneurs, designers and other technology professionals gathered in the hot sun Wednesday evening for the fourth annual Portland TechCrawl, the kickoff event of the two-day TechFestNW conference.
Portland Mayor Charlie Hales celebrated at the first stop, addressing the crowd in front of the Block 300 Building, home to fast-growing Portland companies such as Puppet Labs and CrowdCompass.
“We appreciate the fact that you have made commitments to be Portlanders,” said Hales. “You are competitors, but you are also collaborators and you are part of a community.”
Hales specifically pointed to the efforts by the tech community in Portland to push for greater diversity through the Portland Tech Diversity Pledge, a citywide effort to get more women and minorities involves in the industry.
“Thank you for stepping up for a community concern by giving opportunity to everybody, because that is who we are as a city,” said Hales.
To date, more than two dozen companies have signed the pledge, including fast-growers like Elemental Technologies, Jama Software, Zapproved and Metal Toad.
“We are going to meet you in that pledge,” said Hales, describing the announcement this week of a $3 million fund to support startups formed by underrepresented groups.
The PDC, which runs city's economic development agency, received $1.25 million for the “Inclusive Startup Fund” from the City of Portland, Multnomah County, Oregon Governor Kate Brown, and Business Oregon. The goal is to raise another $1.75 million from private investors and foundations.
The fund will provide startups $20,000 to $50,000, in addition to mentoring and advising services.
“We will work with you to achieve that plan,” said Hales in the effort to diversify the industry. “That is the Portland we all want to be.”
With those remarks, Hales then encouraged folks to stay hydrated with “something that is made in Portland.”
That kicked off the TechCrawl, which took participants to more than two dozen companies in the downtown core. The evening was capped off with the GeekWire after party, hosted at OnDeck Sports Bar and supported by sponsors First Tech Federal Credit Union and Wave Broadband.
A big thanks to First Tech and Wave for helping to the make the party happen. We will be covering some of the activities at TechFestNW over the next two days.
Editor's note: Follow GeekWire's coverage of Portland here.
It's another testament to the unflinching diligence of Jordan Henderson that when the Liverpool midfielder discovered last month that they were to become the club's new vice-captain, their focus remained firmly on football and not fanfare.
The 24-year-old was sat inside Brendan Rodgers' office at Melwood in September, briefly pausing personal preparations for the visit of Aston Villa to check in with the manager who has overseen their blistering progression during the past two seasons, when the news was delivered.
With long-serving defender Daniel Agger having departed for their home country before the closure of the summer transfer window, Rodgers required another deputy for Steven Gerrard and, following a period of consideration, opted for Henderson.
It was a decision that proved overwhelmingly popular with Kopites, among whom the No.14 has become a firm and considerable favourite, winning plaudits and praise for their ceaseless running, precise pressing in opposition territory and increasingly incisive passing.
Those same supporters will likely further be delighted with Henderson upon understanding the Englishman's reaction to being nominated as vice-captain, which can perhaps be summarised as 'now let's get on with the football'.
"We had a meeting in the manager's office at Melwood before the Aston Villa game," they recalled, in conversation with the official Liverpool FC magazine.
"I wanted to focus on Villa and only told my family and close friends afterwards before it came out in the press. They were over the moon. But it won't change how I am. Just because I'm vice-captain now doesn't mean I'm going to be captain in the future. I'm not taking anything for granted.
"The manager explained to me that he'd given the vice-captaincy a lot of consideration, but they didn't put any pressure on me. They want me to crack on and carry on playing the way I have been for Liverpool and hopefully grow and improve again over time.
"It gives me a lot of pride. I've done it for England U21s and I've liked it. I've tried to lead by example. That's what I'll try to do here. It's a great honour to be given an important role at a club the size of this, with all its history.
"It's also encouraging that the manager has given me the extra responsibility. All I can do is keep doing what I've been doing and look to support Stevie in any way I can as well as the team, of course. For me, nothing changes.
"My attitude towards training and games will remain the same. I just want to try my best and help the team to win football matches. That's the most important thing."
[SLIDESHOW]
When the announcement of Henderson's appointment was made, the boss explained glowingly how the England international 'represents the best values of what we are all about, as a team and as a club'.
The working relationship between the two has continually strengthened since Rodgers' arrival in June 2012 - and, in discussing the mutually beneficial partnership, the player outlined why trust is a central component of the work they undertake together.
"It works both ways," they said. "Giving me the vice-captaincy is a sign they trust me. I trust him. I've got a lot to thank them for really, in the way he's improved me as a player and also as a person off the field.
"The manager's got a brilliant relationship with all the players here. If you asked anyone else, they would probably give you the same response as I have. They'd speak highly of him."
So, as it stands, life is pretty good for the Sunderland-born star who made the switch to Anfield more than three years ago and is now vice-captain for Liverpool and a regular starter for the Three Lions at international level.
That asupervisorstioned in-built desire to improve on a daily basis never allowed Henderson to actually dream of enjoying such a position, and nor will it expire now that he's achieved such lofty ambitions. Far from it, in fact.
They concluded: "I've never thought too far ahead, to be honest - you can't afford to. Life is too short. You focus on the little steps: what you need to do at the time.
"I wasn't always in the Liverpool team so my first aim was to get a place. Once I'd achieved that, my aim was to stay there and hopefully grow, being part of a successful side.
"It's the same now. I only think about the next game. I know it's a cliché, but that's all you can do. Every game is important, every training session.
"I try to give everything in training and take that into games. I use a lot of video analysis after games to try to learn where I can improve. Then I start again the following day."
Vv Magazine's Libby Roach fills us in on Toronto's best new restaurants, those opening in June 2016 and the buzziest in-the-works hot spots.
The season we've all been impatiently waiting for is finally upon us. Summer in the city opens the floodgates to patio season (stay tuned for an in-depth look by yours truly on the best bets), not to mention the revelry that is Pride, which is taking over the city for a full month-long party this year. The Gladstone (cheekily renamed the Gaystone,) will be hopping from June 3rd on with a slew of Pride parties, and FNL ROM will also be hosting a very special pride party on June 24th.
Food events are just as hot, with Toronto Taste in benefit of Second Harvest hosting their insanely popular party on June 12th at the Corus Quay Building. The city's top chefs will be serving up their finest dishes for a good cause – get your tickets early for this one.
Feeding your dad could be considered a good cause too and this Father's Day you don't even need to lift a finger. The Beach BBQ and Brews Festival at Woodbine Beach will live up to its name, serving up racks of ribs and ice cold beers for your big poppa. If you can't make it out to the festival, the first annual Toronto BBQ week presented by Samuel Adams is happening from June 6-12th at select restaurants across the city. For just $15, diners will get a BBQ dish paired with a pint of Samuel Adams Boston Lager.
If you missed Mark McEwan at Toronto Taste, then snag a ticket to Taste of Toronto, setting up shop at Fort York for the June 23-26th weekend.
Urban farmer's market dwellers are in luck, Front Street Foods, formerly at Union Station is back, this time setting up shop at Adelaide Place. Look for gourmet grab-and-go finds, including healthier options like fresh pressed juices and smoothies.
June Openings
Pi Co.
Yorkville has a new pizza joint and for their grand opening on Monday, June 6, they'll be giving away free pizza for 3 hours and 14 minutes (get it?), starting at noon. The new restaurant offers made-to-order Neapolitan-style craft pizza, made in 90 seconds or less.
Teara Lab
Kaka, one of the best AYCE sushi shops in Markham, has opened a new sandwich ‘lab' on College. The sandwiches combine Japanese favourites like tonkatsu cutlets with teriyaki sauces on toasted bread, almost like a Japanese style club sandwich.
Recess
The new 24-hour eatery packs in Bar Bronson, Recess Diner as well as groceries, a mini bar, and bakery shop. The ambitious concept is being carried out by Chef Brad Moore on Sudbury Street.
The Belsize Public House
This spot is inching closer and closer to opening. Located near Eglinton and Mount Pleasant, expect a slew of local craft beers on tap and well-crafted pub food to go with it.
Krispy Kreme
Everyone's favourite melt-in-your-mouth doughnut shop is opening a cafe in Kensington Market the first week of the month. They're promising to bring a one-of-a-kind served hot experience to the ‘hood, plus free doughnuts at all locations on National Doughnut Day (Friday, June 3)
La Carnita
A pinch east on Eglinton is a hugely anticipated restaurant trinity, the holy combo of La Carnita, Sweet Jesus, and a new concept cocktail bar, all fused into one tidy package. Midtown will have bragging rights to this new massive space, the third from Andrew Richmond and their crew at Monarch and Misfits.
Levetto
This Italian chain is opening a 5th location, just north of Dundas and Spadina on the edge of Kensington Market. The Chinatown outpost is set to soft-launch on June 9th. The area will influence menu offerings, and visitors can expect exclusives like Peking duck pizza.
Black Rock Coffee
Set to fuel Christie Pits with their gourmet grinds, look for this coffee shop concept to open on Bloor near Bathurst later this month.
Valdez 2.0?
Steve Gonzalez is moving quickly on their new project, reopening a to-be-named restaurant just down from the recently shuttered Valdez, taking over 485 King West. We expect big things from this super talented chef!
Ricarda's
This eatery is inching closer to peeling the vinyl back on their windows, in the newly renovated QRC West Building on Peter. Focused on Mediterranean eats, they'll also be serving up bakery basics for the morning rush.
Angelo's Coal Fired Pizza
This new resto uses an entirely different method to cook everyone's favourite pie. Here, cooking directly over hot coals results in a bubbly and crispy base perfect for holding up to the layers of sauce and toppings that typically weigh the crust down. Located on Front Street, right near George Brown, Angelo's is making good use of the former Paganelli's plot, with a prime patio perfect for long sangria-soaked lunches. Look for this spot to open later this month.
Taylor's Landing
The Landing Group franchise is set to open another location, and this one will be located at Shops at Don Mills. Known for their bar-inspired menu and top notch pints, it'll be a perfect complement to the adjacent eateries.
Other Notable News
Blowfish
Blowfish has reopened and renovated their King St. location after a short closure. Visitors can expect a brand-new menu with some old favourites, and an updated sake menu.
STK
The massive American steak house that's taking over a prime corner in Yorkville is gearing up to open in the coming months, now grilling interviewees for the coveted head chef title.
Leña
All gussied up and raring to go, Leña at Saks Fifth Avenue will open at Yonge and Richmond this July. Adorably named after Chef Walsh's mother in law Elena, this new restaurant will appeal to more than just ladies who lunch, with a menu bridging South American cuisine with unique Spanish and Italian influences.
The Big Slice
Toronto has lost another city staple to condo developments. The Yonge Street late night pizza place shuttered at the end of May.
Chubby's Jamaican Kitchen
This Jamaican spot has officially listed fall for their grand opening. Brought to you by the good people at Gusto101, expect a big launch for this one.
A New Project from Chef Guy Rawlings and Kim Montgomery
After announcing their departure from Bar Raval, Rawlings revealed that the husband and wife duo have plans on opening their own west-end restaurant later this year.
Liberty Commons at Big Rock Brewery
Yet another beer spot is opening in Liberty Village, this one by Oliver & Bonacini and Big Rock Brewery. The two-level restaurant is slated to open Fall 2016 and will offer Big Rock's selection of craft brews and food inspired by European beer halls with contemporary British pub influences.
Stay tuned for next month, with Summerlicious previews and more food news!
RELATED LINK: New Toronto Restaurants: May 2016
Did we miss any new Toronto restaurants? Let Vv Magazine know in the comments below, or tweet us @ViewtheVibe.
NEW DELHI: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi may need to guard against any more errors and mistakes over historical references if they are to avoid being targeted by political rivals as inattentive to detail and facts.Though BJP managers do not think Modi's pro-change image has been hurt by allegations of factual inaccuracies, they are taking note of the leader being tagged as hasty with opinions based on incorrect assumptions.The latest instance of Modi slipping up in a speech where they confused a Gujarati freedom fighter with Jana Sangh founder Shyama Prasad Mookherjee has given rise to some concern over the BJP PM hopeful losing gravitas unless they take corrective action.BJP sources felt Modi needs to guard against such slip-ups although they did correct themselves towards the end of their speech when it was pointed out that the person they had in mind was Shyamji Krishna Varma and not Mookerjee.The Modi camp feels that despite a Congress campaign to label them a "Feku (braggart)", the CM has held their own by targeting the UPA troika of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi In Modi's defence, BJP spokespersons accuse Congress of using "Goebbels formula" to spread "lies" about Modi as the ruling party found itself unable to counter them politically. They say Modi may have made a mistake or a slip-of-tongue, but they have also corrected themselves and this has not been highlighted adequately.Referring to recent cases BJP spokesperson Lekhi said "On the issue of Shyama Prasad Mookherjee and Shyamji Varma, it was a slip-of-tongue which was corrected. But the correction was not carried by the media."On Modi's speech at Patna and the confusion over Chandragupta of the Gupta and Maurya dynasty, Lekhi said, "There are three great rulers by the name of Chandragupta in our history. When Modi talked about Chandragupta in Patna, they referred to Chandragupta II of the Gupta dynasty also known as Vikramaditya."But the "Feku" line of attack should make Modi wary of goof-ups that will promptly become fodder for their critics and feed into criticism that the leader is a man in a hurry who can bend facts or misinterpret events.Sunday's reference to Varma as Mookherjee may not have been a deliberate misrepresentation, but the scrutiny will be less sparing when it comes to other issues like their previous reference to China spending 20% of its GDP on education.What Modi meant was there had been a 20% increase in spending on education rather than a percentage of GDP as they sought to argue that China's investments in human resource are paying off in terms of top ranked universities.The inaccuracy allowed minister of state for HRD Shashi Tharoor collaring Modi for a "false" claim. Thereafter there have been a few other instances, such as a reference to Chandragupta where they were accused of mixing up dynasties.In the Hunkaar rally in Patna, Modi has been accused to stretching history by saying the ancient city of Taxila north-west of Islamabad was in Bihar or that Alexander was defeated by the Ganges.Lekhi said Modi mentioned the Magadh empire which in ancient days included both the centres of learning. They said the attacks on Modi were meant to divert attention from real issues like how Bihar was a centre of learning and its current deprived state. "This is what the real debate is about," they said.She added the same went for the Taxila-Nalanda controversy generated by Modi's speech in Patna. "Taxila and Nalanda were centres of learning in India that are mentioned together like Oxford and Cambridge," they said.In these cases, Modi could have been more clear and specific while suggesting that the power of ancient kingdoms of what is today's Bihar had the capacity of stalling the all-conquering Alexander.Modi's reported interview to a newspaper in which they allegedly said Jawaharlal Nehru did not attend the funeral of Sardar Vallabhai Patel was denied by the publication, but added to the view that the saffron leader took liberties with facts to suit their political view of history.Some of the criticism leveled against the BJP PM candidate may not have been justified, but if the leader doesn't pay more attention to what they are saying during their whirlwind campaign for the current assembly polls, they could end up providing traction to their critics.
CHP submits bill to declare Dec 17 ‘national anti-corruption day'
ANKARA
CHP members in 81 provinces protested the decision to abort the corruption investigation on Oct. 20 by leaving black wreaths in front of city courts. AA Photo
A lawmaker from the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) has submitted a bill to Parliament to declare Dec. 17 national “anti-corruption day” in Turkey, in reference to Dec. 17, 2013, the day when the first corruption probe hit headlines.CHP Istanbul deputy Mahmut Tanal said in the bill that the government should declare Dec. 17 a national holiday in order to show its stance against corruption to the public.He added that the graft probe had severely damaged the public's confidence in the government and legal arrangements were needed to regain this trust.On Oct. 18 ,CHP leader Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu had also sarcastically called on the government to declare the week of Dec. 17-25 as the “Week of the Thieves.”Ekrem Aydıner, a prosecutor from the anti-terror and organized crime unit of Istanbul Chief Prosecutor's Office, recently decided to drop the case against 53 graft suspects, including former ministers' sons, the former manager of Halkbank and a controversial Iranian-Azeri business person. According to the semi-official Anadolu Agency, Aydıner cited problems with evidence and said proof of criminal elements or conspiracies were not discovered.CHP local offices in all of Turkey's 81 provinces protested the decision to abort the corruption investigation on Oct. 20 by leaving black wreaths in front of the city's courts.“This decision might have ‘zeroed' the public's expectation of justice. But it is impossible to zero our social memory and conscience,” CHP Ankara head Necati Yılmaz said.“Corruption and bribery have been rendered ordinary with this decision. This makes way for new corruption, and those who participated in bribery or are willing to do so have been encouraged," Yılmaz added.Meanwhile the chair of the parliamentary commission to investigate the corruption claims has said the dropping the investigation that forced four government ministers to step down earlier in the year will not hamper its work.“Nothing will stop us. We will deal with our own business. We will fulfill whatever our investigation requires,” Hakkı Köylü, a deputy of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) who chairs the investigation commission, told Anadolu Agency on Oct. 20.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (D-Mass.) on Saturday blasted Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE and the Republican Party while hitting the campaign trail for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE in the battleground state of Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENT
"Donald Trump has repeatedly invited their supporters to commit a horrific act of violence against their opponent, against another human being. I just want you to think for a minute — what kind of man does that?" they asked.
"Let's face it: Trump has more support from the Aryan Nation and the KKK than they do from the leaders of their own party," they said. "A bully, a twisted bully who can't fight their own fight, who can't win a fair fight, who will never be a president of the United States, that's who.
Warren then criticized the Republican presidential nominee for launching "one racist attack after another" on President Obama, referring to Trump's years-long campaign to cast doubt on Obama's birthplace, a theory Trump backed away from on Friday.
They also slammed Trump over their Trump University controversy, their alleged connections to Russian interests, and their own business scandals to reiterate that they are unfit to be in the White House.
"What kind of man does that? A man with a dark and ugly soul. A man who will never be a president of the United States," they said.
Warren attempted to fire up the Democratic voter base in Ohio after the latest polls showed Clinton's supporters to be less enthusiastic than Trump's.
"At this point in my election, a poll came out that showed me down 4 points. Now what do you do at that point? Well, you can whimper. You can whine. Or you can fight back. Me, I'm fighting back in this race. How about you?" they said to a cheering crowd.
An urban pedestrian paradise, this conceptual design proposes to turn cities skyward with a system of flexible open spaces that gradually rise as floor plates curve up around its core.
This winning entry to the SkyScrapers & SuperSkyscraper Competition by SURE Architecture, dubbed Endless City, is more than just visually compelling – it also creates an argument about urban pathways and civic connectivity.
Its design boasts a series of sustainable strategies deployed throughout the structure, including passive energy, heating, cooling and lighting systems as well as advanced waste and water management.
The structure is framed around a series of vertical steel-tress columns that in turn support a pair of ramps connected periodically by bridges.
The program features a mix of commercial, residential and institutional functions, with larger community areas mixed periodically throughout.
The core concept, though, is to commingle these programmatic elements with circulation, allowing visitors and occupants to mix on its various levels and traverse the structure vertically – skyways taken to a new extreme. Its modular construction also theoretically enables further additions, allowing it to grow upward with time.
China and the U.S. have agreed to cooperate in their efforts to confront North Korea over their nuclear program, according to a statement released by the White House.
Following a second day of bilateral talks, press secretary Sean Spicer said both China and the U.S. agreed to increase cooperation between the two superpowers to "convince North Korea to peacefully resolve the issue and dismantle its illegal nuclear and missile programs" and to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons in the Korean peninsula. According to Spicer, Xi and Trump "reaffirmed their commitment to a denuclearized Korean peninsula, and committed to fully implement UN Security Council resolutions." Trump has previously criticized China's handling of North Korea, telling Reuters in March they were "not liking" the dynamic, adding, "I know exactly what's going on between China and North Korea and everybody else." During an interview with the Financial Times published Sunday, Trump warned that if China was unwilling to collaborate on North Korea, the United States would be willing to go it alone. "China will either decide to help us with North Korea or they won't," they said. "If they do, that will be very good for China, and if they don't, it won't be good for anyone."
The statement may have lacked specifics, but it was significant in that it committed the US – at least temporarily – to continue cooperating with the international community in looking to blunt North Korea's drive to become a viable nuclear power.
But Trump won't wait forever for China to apply the kind of pressure on the North Koreans everyone knows that China is capable of. The president has already been presented with a plan to nuclearize South Korea.
The Hill:
The National Security Council has presented President Trump with options in response to North Korea's nuclear program that include placing American nuclear weapons in South Korea, NBC News reported on Friday.
Multiple top-ranking military and intelligence officials told the news source that another option presented to Trump by the National Security Council is an operation to kill the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
According to NBC News, both scenarios were part of a review of North Korea policy prepared ahead of Trump's meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping this week. Placing nuclear weapons in South Korea will be the first nuclear deployment overseas since the end of the Cold War, NBC noted. Washington withdrew all of its nuclear assets from South Korea 25 years ago. A senior intelligence official told the network that they doubted U.S. and China could find a diplomatic solution to the crisis.
Assassinating Kim Jong-un would not be a good idea. It would throw North Korea – a country possessing nuclear weapons – into chaos as the various factions, kept under control by brutality and fear by Kim, would be at each other's throats.
And nuclearizing South Korea would put a nuclear hair trigger on any potential conflict on the peninsula. So in the end, the U.S. must work with China to rein in North Korea.
How interested is China in sitting on its ally to prevent a war? Trump is trying to tie Chinese behavior toward North Korea with trade incentives. Whether it will be enough to move China toward denuclearizing the NoKos remains to be seen.
TULSA, OK—Just days after learning that the 8-year-old had thankfully moved on from a website compiling all professional baseball statistics since 1871, the local McKinsdale family reportedly braced themselves as autistic son Brendan discovered Amtrak.com's “Track a Train” page. “Oh, God, he's going to be on there for hours and hours at a time,” said mother Barbara McKinsdale, wincing upon learning that the site has an interactive graphic, which provides maps, timetables, and real-time, 24-hour updates on the progress of more than 300 trains traversing some 21,300 miles of track. “All we can do now is prepare ourselves to hear about how the 8:03 from Penn Station to Chicago is running 14 minutes late, or how the local train from Washington to Philadelphia is $59.36 cheaper than the express, but takes an extra 27 minutes to arrive. This is going to be rough.” Household sources later confirmed that Brendan had just spent the past half hour zoomed in on Milwaukee and hitting their browser's refresh button every three seconds.
Your wallet cries out in pain, but you cannot hear it over the beating of your heart; thumping against your rib cage with pure desire, for you have found the perfect twin maids to fill the void of emptiness in your life!
Okay, but seriously, today we've got another dose of Rem and Ram. Some of you are probably sick of the fact that companies seem to be focusing solely on the demonic sisters (me too, to an extent), but you can't deny that Japan has a knack for making figures so awesome, you don't care if you already have 10 iterations of the same character. All you know is you want more, even if you felt like you didn't. These new figures from Revolve are sure to bring you this feeling.
First up, we've got Rem. Rem is looking very cute and innocent with their hands clasped together in front of their chest, kneeling down with their lips slightly parted and their head turned to the side, as if to say “Subaru, what are you doing here?” Everything looks on point, and they've captured the essence of the character perfectly from outfit to hair and expression.
Next, we have Ram. Ram looks as equally cute as their sister, sitting with their legs resting off to each side, and a similar look of innocence on their face. Again, the figure's design appears very well done. There is a great attention to detail to the frills and creases of the maid outfits. The paint and shading looks fantastic.
Both figures are 1/8 scale and are meant to go side by side. Choose your favorite, or get the pair! The girls are set for a March 2018 release, but you can pre-order them now!
Pre-order here:
CDJapan Rem
Play-Asia Rem
CDJapan Ram
Play-Asia Ram
As always, you can check out my other Re:Zero content here! Thanks for your continued support.
Employees assemble an engine at the production line of Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Co., Ltd. in Hefei, Anhui province July 16, 2009. REUTERS/Jianan Yu
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Governments in the Asia Pacific should come up with more stimulus projects that help drive an economic recovery by tapping into the female labor force, rather than just creating construction jobs that mainly employ men, a senior U.N. official said on Wednesday.
U.N. Under Secretary-General Noeleen Heyzer said governments should also spend on health, education and agricultural services to create jobs for women.
“Women represent an untapped resource for most economies in Asia Pacific,” Heyzer told an Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) seminar on women's affairs. “Our region loses between $42 and $47 billion a year by restricting women's access to employment.”
The Asia-Pacific has the world's second highest ratio of employed women of working age at 49 percent — mainly low-skilled workers in labor-intensive manufacturing industries, such as textiles and apparels, leather products, and electronics.
Governments around the world have launched huge stimulus packages to fight the worst downturn in decades, with many using infrastructure projects to create jobs and growth.
Battered by the contraction of trade, the region's developing countries' average growth rate has fallen to 2.8 percent this year from 8.8 percent in 2007, despite the robust growth rates of China and India, Heyzer said.
“We must make sure that growth is more inclusive and socially equitable,” Heyzer told ministers and women leaders from 21 Asia Pacific economies, adding governments needed to do “gender budgeting,” ensure funding for micro-credit schemes and include women in steps to improve food production and food security.
Another 24.8 million people could lose their jobs as the crisis unfolds, rolling back development gains made over the last 10 years, said Heyzer, also executive secretary for the U.N. Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific.
Want to get the latest Fantasy Tips and Updates? Follow Us!
The bookies proved themselves once again in Gameweek 6, with the Bookies' Advantage squad returning a 76 point haul, comfortably above the 45 point gameweek average. Double-digit returns from captain Sergio Aguero (26), Heung-Min Son (15), Charlie Austin (12) and Kevin de Bruyne (10) were the catalysts for a solid performance. With Gameweek 7 just around the corner, read on as we present our customary analysis and squad picks…
Defensive odds
Team Clean sheet odds Chance of a clean sheet Man Utd 54% Arsenal 2 50% Chelsea 2.25 44% Liverpool 2.5 40% Everton 38% Sunderland 35% West Ham 34% Watford 3 33% Leicester 3 33% Man City 31% West Brom 3.4 29% Bournemouth 4.05 25% Southampton 24% Middlesbrough 24% Tottenham 5.1 20% Crystal Palace 6 17% Hull 7.5 13% Burnley 8.1 12% Swansea 8.4 12% Stoke 9.7 10%
Manchester United top the bookies' defensive rankings for Gameweek 7 with a 54% chance of keeping a clean sheet when they host Stoke, who sit 19th in the league after 6 games. The Potters have the joint-worst attacking record (4 goals scored) in the division, so Jose Mourinho's troops should be confident of adding to the 2 shutouts they have already accrued this season. David de Gea and Antonio Valencia offer security of starts, with the latter also offering an attacking threat, and make our starting XI.
Arsenal rank second for the gameweek with a 50% chance of keeping Burnley at bay when they travel to Turf Moor on Sunday. The Gunners registered their second clean sheet of the campaign last time out against Chelsea, and with the Clarets blanking in 3 of their 6 games so far, further defensive returns could be on the cards for the North London club. Laurent Koscielny and Nacho Monreal form part of a settled back 4 for Arsene Wenger and start for our squad this weekend.
Chelsea (44%), Liverpool (40%) and Everton (38%) complete the top 5 defensive prospects for fantasy managers this weekend. Chelsea travels to Hull on Saturday, and having been defensively frail of late (conceding 7 in 3 matches), changes are expected, including the return of captain John Terry, who makes our bench. Liverpool's trip to South Wales to tackle Swansea presents them with an opportunity to keep their first clean sheet of the season, but with David de Gea assured between the sticks for United and the Reds looking shaky at the back, we opt for Alex Manninger (£4.0m) to complete our goalkeeping requirements and save funds. The Toffees, who harbour the second best defence in the league after Tottenham (4 goals conceded), entertain Crystal Palace on Friday evening, but we again opt to save funds for our midfield and attack by selecting Tyias Browning (£4.0m) for the final spot on our bench.
Before moving onto our analysis of the bookmakers attacking odds, a quick look at the bottom rungs of the clean sheet ladder tells us that defensive assets from Burnley (12% – home to Arsenal), Swansea (12% – home to Liverpool) and Stoke (10% – away to Man United) should be avoided this weekend.
Attacking odds
Player Anytime goalscorer odds Chance of scoring Zlatan Ibrahimovic 1.91 52% Diego Costa 1.95 51% Romelu Lukaku 2.1 48% Daniel Sturridge 2.25 44% Sergio Aguero 2.3 43% Olivier Giroud 2.3 43% Alexis Sanchez 2.3 43% Marcus Rashford 2.3 43% Sadio Mane 2.4 42% Roberto Firmino 2.4 42% Michy Batshuayi 2.4 42% Wayne Rooney 2.55 39% Eden Hazard 2.6 38% Odion Ighalo 2.7 37% Jamie Vardy 2.7 37% Philippe Coutinho 2.75 36% Troy Deeney 2.75 36% Jermain Defoe 2.8 36% Kelechi Iheanacho 2.9 34% Simone Zaza 3.1 32% Yannick Bolasie 3.15 32% Salomon Rondon 3.2 31% Ross Barkley 31% Riyad Mahrez 31% Charlie Austin 3.3 30% Callum Wilson 3.3 30% Dimitri Payet 3.3 30% Alvaro Negredo 3.3 30% Michail Antonio 3.3 30% Shane Long 3.35 30% Christian Benteke 3.5 29% Son Heung-Min 3.5 29% Joshua King 3.7 27% Willian 3.7 27% Vincent Janssen 3.75 27% Andre Gray 3.75 27% Kevin Mirallas 3.75 27% Gerard Deulofeu 3.75 27% Manuel Lanzini 3.75 27% Raheem Sterling 3.8 26% Mesut Ozil 3.9 26% Nacer Chadli 4.2 24% Erik Lamela 4.33 23% Duncan Watmore 4.33 23% Cristhian Stuani 4.33 23% Santiago Cazorla 4.33 23% David Silva 4.4 23% Borja Baston 4.5 22% Dusan Tadic 4.5 22% Gylfi Sigurdsson 4.5 22% Abel Hernandez 4.5 22% Christian Eriksen 4.6 22% Nathan Redmond 5 20% Jordon Ibe 5.1 20% Sam Vokes 5.2 19% Gaston Ramirez 5.5 18% Wilfried Bony 5.8 17% Roberto Pereyra 6 17% Bojan 6.1 16% Marko Arnautovic 6.1 16% Andros Townsend 6.1 16% Wilfried Zaha 6.1 16% Robert Snodgrass 6.5 15% Leroy Fer 7 14% Etienne Capoue 11 9%
Zlatan Ibrahimovic finds themselves atop the bookmakers' attacking ranks this weekend with a 52% chance of finding the net against Stoke. However, we opt to omit the Swede from our squad because of the viable, and significantly cheaper, alternative that is Marcus Rashford (43%), allowing us to really bulk out the rest of our attack and midfield. The English starlet has also notched 3 times in their last 4 Premier League outings, compared to Zlatan's 1 strike over the same period.
As a result, Diego Costa (51%) dons our captain's armband for Gameweek 7. The fiery Spaniard has scored 5 goals in 6 league games this term, and, with the Blues faltering recently, will be required to maintain that output against Hull on Saturday if Antonio Conte's men are to prevent their title challenge from fading by early October. Romelu Lukaku (48%) joins Rashford and Costa up front for us, with the big Belgian enjoying a plum home tie against Crystal Palace on Friday evening. The Eagles have conceded in all of their games so far this season, giving the Everton hitman a great opportunity to add to their current tally of 4 league goals.
Viable options that we have had to overlook up front include Daniel Sturridge (43%), Sergio Aguero and Olivier Giroud (both 43%), with their high prices severely detrimental to our midfield should we opt for them.
Our first midfield pick this weekend is Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez (43%). Currently playing up front for the Gunners, the Chilean has hit 5 goals in their last 6 games in all competitions and faces a Burnley side that have conceded 7 in their last 4 on Sunday. Liverpool's Brazilian duo Roberto Firmino (42%) and Philippe Coutinho (36%) join Alexis in our starting XI. Opponents Swansea have conceded 7 goals in just 3 home games this season, so Firmino (3 in 7 in all competitions) and Coutinho (4 in 7 in all competitions) will be confident of adding to their totals on Saturday.
Completing our midfield and starting XI for Gameweek 7 is Yannick Bolasie. The DR Congo attacker offers an intriguing double-up on the Everton attack with Romelu Lukaku ahead of a meeting with their former club on Friday. Watford's Etienne Capoue, who has an agreeable home fixture against Bournemouth, once again takes the first spot on our bench, with their budget-friendly price and form (4 goals in 6) continuing to make them the perfect enabler for our squad.
The bookies also fancy the chances of Senegalese flyer Sadio Mane (42%) and Belgian wizard Eden Hazard (38%), but we unfortunately have to pass on both due to them being too heavy on the budget.
TEAM OF THE WEEK
Daniel Victory is a Fantasy football and anytime goalscorer betting enthusiast. Enjoys SSS – statistics, strategising and spreadsheets. Follow their great tips on Twitter.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
President Trump has “sided with Democrats” in approving a 3-month deal that raises the debt ceiling, funds Harvey relief, and includes a continuing resolution to fund the government through December:
Trump made their position clear at a White House meeting with congressional leaders, agreeing with Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) by voicing support for a three-month bill to fund the government and raise the debt ceiling for the same amount of time. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said they would add provisions extending government funding and the debt limit through mid-December to legislation passed by the House on Wednesday that would provide $7.85 billion in Hurricane Harvey relief. “The president agreed with Sen. Schumer and Congresswoman Pelosi to do a three-month [funding extension] and a debt ceiling into December, and that's what I will be offering based on the president's decision, to the bill. And we'll try to get 60 votes and move forward,” McConnell told reporters Wednesday afternoon. “The president can speak for himself, but their feeling was that we needed to come together to not create a picture of divisiveness at a time of genuine national crisis. And that was the rationale.”
I suppose all the outrage theater this morning was basically in service of this: pretending that this bill is all Democrats' fault. That's not because the Republican leadership has any real objection to it—all of this stuff was inevitable eventually—but because they needed a scapegoat to placate the ultras in their own party. So they pretend to get dragged into this, even though it's what they wanted all along.
In fact, it's better than they could have hoped for. Congress has a ton of stuff on its plate in September, and getting three big things off the table right away is terrific news for them. This gives them some breathing room to consider other things, like FAA reauthorization, Obamacare stabilization, and immigration. I'm not sure how much good it will do them, considering the fault lines in their own party, but honestly, Mitch McConnell must be breathing a huge sigh of relief right now. He'll never admit it, but they are.
THIS weekend, the biggest ‘sport' you've probably never heard of will hold its first major.
16 teams will travel from every corner of the globe to the Festhalle Messe in Frankfurt, Germany and compete for a $US3 million prize pool as nearly 10,000 screaming fans cheer every play.
And it's all for a video game you can play for free right now on your computer.
Dota 2 is the richest game in all of ‘eSports', with over $51 million given out to competitors in a little over four years of play.
The developers of the game Valve run the largest tournaments. This past August saw the biggest prize pool ever in eSports, a crowdfunded $US18.4 million for The International 5, held in Seattle's Key Arena where the NBA's SuperSonics used to play.
Yes, $18.4 million. That saw the winners, American team Evil Geniuses, split $US6.6 million between their five players, including 16-year-old Sumail Hassan who immigrated from Pakistan just a year earlier where they had to sell their bike just to afford to be able to play Dota.
That's a prize pool almost twice as big as the total prize money available in each golf major (where the largest is the PGA Championship's $10 million), and with almost five million people viewing the grand finals, they're becoming big business.
But now as eSports attempt to become more legitimised, they're borrowing that concept of majors beginning with this weekend's Frankfurt Major (they haven't quite worked out the idea of catchy titles yet).
It will be the first of four majors, with one in each season before the northern hemisphere summer sees The International played.
Here's how it all works.
Spectators watch The International Dota 2 Championships, a 5-on-5 video game, played at KeyArena in Seattle. Source: Supplied
WHAT ARE THEY PLAYING?
THE simplest way to explain Dota 2 would be to ask you to imagine team-based, real-time chess with each team of five players selecting five unique characters out of 110 possible choices.
But instead of trying to capture the king piece, they're trying to destroy the other team's base called the ‘Ancient' — Dota initially stood for Defence of the Ancients but now is its own stand-alone word.
Each player's character grows stronger throughout the game as they kill magical creatures, purchase items and fight their opponents.
Each unique character has different abilities that make them stronger at certain elements of the game, such as defensive ‘support' characters or more attacking ‘core' characters.
There's even a system of describing each player's role borrowed from basketball. In basketball, the 1 position is the point guard (generally the smallest player), going up to 5 for the centre (generally the largest).
Dota 2 flips the order with the 1 position ‘core' player generally being the most important, all the way down to the 5 position ‘support' who is all about keeping their teammates alive above their own interests.
It's an incredibly complex game which requires intelligent strategies, strong teamwork and communication as well as excellent skills on the keyboard and mouse.
The team of Evil Geniuses won The International Dota 2 Championships in 2015, splitting $US6.6 million between them. Source: Supplied
WHY IS IT SO POPULAR?
THEY may not have the physicality of a ‘real' sport, but the competitive nature of eSports as well as technological growth is helping them expand enormously.
A similar but simpler game to Dota 2 called League of Legends had more than 32 million viewers for its 2014 World Championships — all of them online.
The growth of the internet to where most people have a connection that can cleanly stream live video has allowed these broadcasts to become more available.
Streaming platforms like Twitch, which was acquired by Amazon in 2014 for $US970 million, help players profit off of their viewership and fans at home to interact closely with their favourite ‘athletes', much more so than you can in major sports.
With fans generally younger and in prime demographics for advertisers, eSports are attracting big tech brands like Nvidia, Intel and Samsung.
Because of the major cash involved in the scene, we're also seeing the money on screen as online broadcasters become more professional to recreate TV broadcast standards.
So even if you don't know exactly what's going on, hearing the roar of 10 or 15 thousand fans as a big play happens with millions of dollars on the line can be intoxicating as a viewer.
The Dota 2 major tournaments have full broadcast crews. Here we see the analyst desk at The International Dota 2 Championships of 2015 in action. Source: Supplied
WHY SHOULD I WATCH IT?
IT may not seem like your cup of tea initially, but if you're a fan of elite sports, this is the pinnacle of this game.
The action is a bit different than what you're probably used to but it's got everything that makes sport great.
Thrilling moments? The grand final of The International in August was turned on a play called the ‘Six A Million Dollar Echo Slam' — Google it.
Great storylines? One of the grand finalists at that tournament was an almost unknown Chinese team that had to fight through an extra stage of qualifiers and yet made it all the way to the end before falling to an American squad on their home turf.
Big personalities? It turns out teenagers and young adults are more willing to crack jokes and act ridiculously than athletes who are kept in check by their club's marketing team.
Plus, it's not like elite sports where you simply can't do what the professionals can do athletically. See a player do something exciting and interesting in a Dota 2 game? Download the game for free and try it yourself from the comfort of your desk chair.
Chinese team Newbee won The International Dota 2 Championships in 2014. Source: Supplied
WHO'S PLAYING IN IT?
THE 16-team tournament will begin with a two-day group stage on Friday night (Australian time), with the squads split up into four groups of four.
Each group will play a double elimination format tournament that eventually ranks each team from best to worst.
Those results will give the seeds for the main event with the top two teams in each group gaining a double chance and being placed in the upper bracket, beginning on Monday night (Australian time) and running for six days.
The bottom two teams in each group will face one-game playoffs with fellow bottom
Here's every team involved in the tournament and a little bit about their story.
GROUP A
Evil Geniuses (USA) — the champions of The International 5, despite the victory they still kicked out one of their players to bring back a former young gun who quit their new team. They're one of the favourites to win.
Fnatic (Europe) — formerly known as Team Malaysia, they were bought by large eSports organisation Fnatic in June. The now-global team features three Malaysians, a Filipino and a German journeyman.
Virtus.pro (Russia) — almost always the bridesmaids, this team features a likeable combination of Russians, Ukrainians and a Belarusian. They play with a level of aggression that always makes their games exciting.
Newbee (China) — the champions of The International in 2014, just three of that team of five now remain after a horror year which saw them finish in the bottom four of this year's International. They had to fight through qualifier rounds just to make it here.
GROUP B
Vici Gaming (China) — likely the best team in China currently, a powerhouse nation for Dota 2. Some of the best Chinese players in the history of the game will try to improve on their fourth-placed finish at August's International.
Unknown.xiu (Peru) — the ultimate underdogs. No South American team has ever qualified for a major tournament before they fought through the qualifiers for the Frankfurt major.
Vega Squadron (Russia) — a group of Russians and Ukrainians that has stuck together despite not qualifying for the International, they've finally made it to a major tournament and will try and prove they deserve the spot.
OG (Europe) — a ragtag group including players from Jordan, Israel, Canada and Denmark, they only started as a team three months ago but are now one of the most in-form squads in the game.
GROUP C
Team Secret (Europe) — originally an All-Star squad created with the sole purpose of winning this year's International, they shockingly finished outside the top six and disbanded almost completely. Now this group of a Canadian, Romanian, Dane, Estonian and Swede are once again favourites to win a big tournament.
Newbee.Young (China) — as the name suggests, they're essentially the youth team of Newbee. They only made the event when the team that finished ahead of them in the qualifiers had to pull out due to visa issues but will look to make the most of their opportunity.
LGD (China) — third placed finishers twice at the International, they've been a team in the Dota world since 2009 and will finally try to break through for a major tournament victory.
Cloud9 (USA) — a team that has gone through many incarnations, this time a group of Americans are representing the well-regarded Cloud9 eSports brand. Other than Evil Geniuses, no American teams have ever done well at a major tournament. Could they break through?
GROUP D
EHOME (China) — a famous brand in Chinese Dota, the band was brought back together for the first time in three years at the recent International where they finished in the top six. Real chances to improve on that in Frankfurt.
Alliance (Sweden) — the champions of the International in 2013, Alliance fell apart in 2014 but have now brought all but one of their members back together and are in the best form they've had since that famous victory two years ago. Are they back?
CDEC Gaming (China) — the incredible story of the 2015 International, this group of virtual unknowns made it all the way to the Grand Final but fell at the final hurdle. Can they go one better in Frankfurt?
Mineski (Philippines) — the other big surprise entrants to the tournament, the Dota-mad nation of the Philippines has had this team representing them since 2004 but they haven't qualified for a major tournament since the first ever International in 2011. They'll look to shock everyone.
HOW CAN I WATCH IT?
YOU can see every game online, so check major streaming services like Twitch or thefrankfurtmajor.com.
Specific times won't be known until the end of the previous game, but the broadcast will begin at 8:30PM AEDT each night.
All matches are best of three series unless stated as otherwise.
GROUP STAGE
Friday 13 November
Group A and Group B matches
Saturday 14 November
Group C and Group D matches
MAIN EVENT
Monday 16 November
Upper bracket round one, lower bracket round one (best of ones)
Tuesday 17 November
Upper bracket round one continued, lower bracket round two
Wednesday 18 November
Lower brackets round two continued, upper bracket round two
Thursday 19 November
Lower bracket rounds three and four
Friday 20 November
Lower brackets round four continued, upper bracket finals, lower bracket round five
Saturday 21 November
Lower bracket finals, Grand Finals (best of five)
It's time to start playing with your food
We have seen the excitement building around 3d printed chocolate, but let's get serious here – it's important to plan for a more balanced diet when it comes our fabricated food future.
So let's keep those chocolates for dessert, and see what Cornell's Creative Machines Lab have been cooking up.
The proposition is to build a low-cost 3d printer that can handle more than the regular sway of fluid foods (melted chocolate, cheese, cookie dough etc).
“Foods that can't be readily extruded from a syringe such as meats and vegetables are ground and mixed with other liquids to create novel food-inks.” – Hod Lipson, head of CCML
Talks are currently underway with Essential Dynamics, a tech startup who plan to produce a commercial version of the Cornell designed 3d food printer that should be priced at around $1000. Founder Jamil Yosefzai believes that the time will come when every kitchen has its own 3d food printer, and they plan to be at the forefront of the customized food revolution.
Via dvice
Earl's album taught me that sometimes you just need to know that someone else is there in the darkness with you.
For a long time, I often wondered if anyone ever truly understood the loneliness of a mental health disorder. Not loneliness in the physical sense, necessarily, but rather a feeling of isolation from the rest of the world. I remember hearing people flippantly discuss their “anxiety” and “OCD” like they were pieces of inconvenient luggage being carried from time to time instead of a shadow they could never escape and becoming angry at the idea that I could never easily discard or drop off these issues. From my earliest days of battling Obsessive Compulsive behavior as a young adult through my college years awkwardly hiding my therapy from friends to this very moment, I have felt, in some small way, isolated from the most peaceful corners of the mind.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
At the conclusion of my first-year student year of college, I was diagnosed with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, yet my behaviors weren't manifested in any traditional notion of what people often align with OCD. I wasn't obsessively cleaning my house or straightening up my things, nor was I particularly fascinated with counting. My battle took place in a smaller corner of the OCD population commonly labeled “Pure-O,” in which most of my obsessions and compulsions were done mentally as opposed to physically through outward actions. I discovered my mind essentially functioned like a gatekeeper, forever trying to cleanse itself of whatever I considered imperfect, and it led me to chase self-worth and moral validation in all the wrong places. That perpetual, self-destructive chase was rarely ever fruitful or long-lasting. Yet, the more I asked for help, the harder it became for me to articulate what was wrong, and eventually, I felt even more alone.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
We tend to think of depression and anxiety, and picture sadness and frantic behavior, without ever considering that, in their worst moments, people who suffer from mental health issues often feel like drowning in quicksand while everyone they know is standing around and watching; only they don't see the quicksand.
To help me better understand my own behaviors, I looked for a variety of outlets. My friends and family tried, but it often felt like I was speaking a different language. I looked for movies and television to guide me, but only films like As Good As It Gets, a movie about a man with OCD who finds a cure by falling in love, ever came my way. I fell in love several times, but my OCD only got worse.
I remember the first time I came across Earl Sweatshirt's I Don't Like Shit, I Don't Go Outside album and being shocked at the morbidity of its title. Up to that point, I gravitated toward Earl's music because of their lyricism, their wittiness, and for delivering some of the most creatively genius lyrics I had ever heard from someone their age. A line like, “Feelin as hard as Vince Carter's knee cartilage is,” was reason enough to press play on Earl's music; to escape my worst, anxiety-filled days with punchlines and similes that could distract myself from, well, myself.
Since I was never conditioned to believe that something like it could exist, I avoided listening to I Don't Like Shit for months. Not only is it the best piece of music Earl Sweatshirt has ever created, but it's an honest, excruciatingly painful, and angry album. It's a project that finds Earl as tortured by their own mental state, and as self-aware of their mental prison, as any rapper has been able to articulate in quite some time.
The contents of the album function like different parts of a therapy session, with each track switching between the bottled up emotions of a barely adult man coming to grips with how far removed they feel from the rest of the world. On “Huey,” that isolation comes in the form of lyrics full of fleeting happiness juxtaposed over buoyant organs. On “Faucet” and “Grief,” Earl's separation from the world is, in part, due to addiction issues and unchecked depression, while the rest of their isolation is the result of their circumstances within rap. As the chaos of Earl's mental state pours onto the page with little to no control, lyrics like, “Focused on my chatter, ain't as frantic as my thoughts / Lately I've been panicking a lot / Feelin' like I'm stranded in a mob, scrambling for Xanax out the canister to pop,” are sandwiched between lamentation of “circus n****s” and “making waves.”
Yet, it wasn't just the distorted paranoia of “Off Top” or the laid-back slickness of “AM//PM” that drew me into the album. In just ten songs, Earl isn't aiming for a cure to their pain, or anyone else's for that matter, but instead, they find brief peace of mind in the purgatory somewhere between rock bottom and just getting by.
That purgatory, for any of us who deal with a mental health disorder, is often the place we call home. Much like I Don't Like Shit, neither its origins nor its purpose are quite clear, with the allure of peace of mind from our afflictions feeling like a mirage we can't help but chase at every turn. Earl's album never settles on one emotion because Earl themselves never feels comfortable with how they feel at any given point. They travel between shame, anger, self-deprecating jokes, and mental anguish so fluidly that I would imagine someone who couldn't relate to Earl's sadness would feel like they showed up at the worst party they weren't invited to.
What I remember the most about my first full listen to the album was its complete lack of resolution. Instead, it was a project of jumbled thoughts; sporadic ideas ranging from brilliant to disgusting, yet all real and as human as ever. “Wool,” the album's last track, is disorienting at first in its purpose considering the harshness of Earl's lyrics and the concept of the song, yet it fits the mold of the album's derailed train of thoughts. I related to the record because Earl sequenced the project in a way that resembled my own train of thoughts—constantly changing in direction, and never staying with one idea long enough to find any sort of finality to my problems. In short, I Don't Like Shit carries all the same obsessive-compulsive traits as a listener like myself, and that type of realization was comforting in only a way someone like Earl could possibly understand.
Through all of it, though, it was never Earl's lyrics, creativity, or wittiness that I needed, even if they were what I initially wanted. What I needed was to know that someone else out there had been to those same corners of their mind that I had been to and, even more, they had learned how to embrace it even if the journey would be just as painful. Even as a writer, lyrics like, “And I gotta jot it quick because I can't focus so well,” provide moments of clarity that, even if fleeting and short-lived, are worth every second. Those were the words that I truly needed to hear.
Earl's album taught me—and hopefully taught him—that sometimes, you don't need someone to save you from your darkest afflictions. You just need to know that someone else is there in the darkness with you and that they understand.
ESA — ESA root — ESA
N° 44–2014: Galileo satellite recovered and transmitting navigation signals
3 December 2014
Europe's fifth Galileo satellite, one of two delivered into a wrong orbit by VS09 Soyuz-Fregat launcher in August, has transmitted its first navigation signal in space on Saturday 29 November 2014. It has reached its new target orbit and its navigation payload has been successfully switched on.
A detailed test campaign is under way now the satellite has reached a more suitable orbit for navigation purposes.
Recovery
The fifth and sixth Galileo satellites, launched together on 22 August, ended up in an elongated orbit travelling up to 25 900 km above Earth and back down to 13 713 km.
A total of 11 manoeuvres were performed across 17 days, gradually nudging the fifth satellite upwards at the lowest point of its orbit.
As a result, it has risen more than 3500 km and its elliptical orbit has become more circular.
“The manoeuvres were all normal, with excellent performance both in terms of thrust and direction,” explained Daniel Navarro-Reyes, ESA Galileo mission analyst.
“The final orbit is as we targeted and is a tribute to the great professionalism of all the teams involved.”
The commands were issued from the Galileo Control Centre by Space Opal, the Galileo operator, at Oberpfaffenhofen in Germany, guided by calculations from a combined flight dynamics team of ESA's Space Operations Centre, ESOC, in Darmstadt, Germany and France's CNES space agency.
The commands were uploaded to the satellite via an extended network of ground stations, made up of Galileo stations and additional sites coordinated by France's CNES space agency.
Satellite manufacturer OHB also provided expertise throughout the recovery, helping to adapt the flight procedures.
Until the manoeuvres started, the combined ESA–CNES team maintained the satellites pointing at the Sun using their gyroscopes and solar sensors. This kept the satellites steady in space but their navigation payloads could not be used reliably.
In the new orbit, the satellite's radiation exposure has also been greatly reduced, ensuring reliable performance for the long term.
A suitable orbit
The revised, more circular orbit means the fifth satellite's Earth sensor can be used continuously, keeping its main antenna oriented towards Earth and allowing its navigation payload to be switched on.
Significantly, the orbit means that it will now overfly the same location on the ground every 20 days. This compares to a normal Galileo repeat pattern of every 10 days, effectively synchronising its ground track with the rest of the Galileo constellation.
The navigation test campaign
The satellite's navigation payload was activated on 29 November, to begin the full ‘In-Orbit Test' campaign. This is being performed from ESA's Redu centre in Belgium, where a 20 m-diameter antenna can study the strength and shape of the navigation signals at high resolution.
“First, the various payload elements, especially the Passive Hydrogen Maser atomic clock, were warmed up, then the payload's first ‘signal in space' was transmitted,” said David Sanchez-Cabezudo, managing the test campaign.
“The satellite-broadcast L-band navigation signal is monitored using the large antenna at Redu, with experts from OHB and Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd – the payload manufacturer, based in Guildford, UK – also on hand to analyse how it performs over time.”
The first Galileo FOC navigation signal-in-space transmitting in the three Galileo frequency bands (E5/E6/L1) was tracked by Galileo Test User Receivers deployed at various locations in Europe, namely at Redu (B), ESTEC (NL), Weilheim (D) and Rome (I). The quality of the signal is good and in line with expectations.
The Search And Rescue (SAR) payload will be switched on in few days in order to complement the in-orbit test campaign.
The way forward
The same recovery manoeuvres are planned for the sixth satellite, taking it into the same orbital plane but on the opposite side of Earth.
The decision whether to use the two satellites for Navigation and SAR purposes as part of the Galileo constellation will be taken by the European Commission based on the test results.
About Galileo
Galileo is Europe's own global satellite navigation system. It will consist of 30 satellites and their ground infrastructure.
The definition phase and the development and In-Orbit Validation phase of the Galileo programme were carried out by the European Space Agency (ESA) and co-funded by ESA and the European Union. This phase has created a mini-constellation of four satellites and a reduced ground segment dedicated to validating the overall concept.
The four satellites launched during the IOV phase form the core of the constellation that is being extended to reach Full Operational Capability (FOC).
The FOC phase is fully funded by the European Commission. The Commission and ESA have signed a delegation agreement by which ESA acts as design and procurement agent on behalf of the Commission.
Learn more about Galileo at: http://www.esa.int/Our_Activities/Navigation
About the European Space Agency
The European Space Agency (ESA) provides Europe's gateway to space.
ESA is an intergovernmental organisation, created in 1975, with the mission to shape the development of Europe's space capability and ensure that investment in space delivers benefits to the citizens of Europe and the world.
ESA has 20 Member States: Austria, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, of whom 18 are Member States of the EU. Two other Member States of the EU, Hungary and Estonia, are likely soon to become new ESA Member States.
ESA has Cooperation Agreements with six other Member States of the EU. Canada takes part in some ESA programmes under a Cooperation Agreement.
ESA is also working with the EU on implementing the Galileo and Copernicus programmes.
By coordinating the financial and intellectual resources of its members, ESA can undertake programmes and activities far beyond the scope of any single European country.
ESA develops the launchers, spacecraft and ground facilities needed to keep Europe at the forefront of global space activities.
Today, it develops and launches satellites for Earth observation, navigation, telecommunications and astronomy, sends probes to the far reaches of the Solar System and cooperates in the human exploration of space.
Learn more about ESA at www.esa.int
Rate this Views Share Currently 4 out of 5 Stars.
out of 5 Stars. 1
2
3
4
5 Rating: 3.8 /5 ( 4 votes cast) Rating:/5 (votes cast) Thank you for rating! You have already rated this page, you can only rate it once! Your rating has been changed, thanks for rating! 2939 Tweets
ESA Media Relations OfficeEmail: media@esa.int Tel: +33 1 53 69 72 99
Page Content
JACKSON, Tenn. – While recent media reports have condemned a commonly used agricultural pesticide as detrimental to honey bee health, scientists with the University of Tennessee Institute of Agriculture have found that the overall health of honey bee hives actually improves in the presence of agricultural production.
The study, “Agricultural Landscape and Pesticide Effects on Honey Bee Biological Traits,” which was published in a recent issue of the
, evaluated the impacts of row-crop agriculture, including the traditional use of pesticides, on honey bee health. Results indicated that hive health was positively correlated to the presence of agriculture. According to the study, colonies in a non-agricultural area struggled to find adequate food resources and produced fewer offspring.
“We're not saying that pesticides are not a factor in honeybee health. There were a few events during the season where insecticide applications caused the death of some foraging bees,” says Mohamed Alburaki, lead author and post-doctoral fellow with the University of Tennessee Department of Entomology and Plant Pathology (EPP). “However, our study suggests that the benefits of better nutrition sources and nectar yields found in agricultural areas outweigh the risks of exposure to agricultural pesticides.”
A
​
ccordin
g to the study, hives located in areas with high to moderate agricultural vegetation grew faster and larger than those in low or non-agricultural areas. Researchers suggest the greater population sizes enabled better colony thermoregulation in these hives, as well.
Meanwhile, bees located in a non-agricultural environment were challenged to find food. Although fewer pesticide contaminants were reported in these areas, the landscape did not provide sustainable forage. In fact, during the observations, two colonies in the non-agricultural areas collapsed due to starvation.
Disruptions and fluctuations in brood rearing were also more notable in a non-agricultural environment. Interestingly, brood production was highest in the location that exhibited a more evenly distributed mix of agricultural production, forests and urban activity.
“One possible explanation for this finding could be the elevated urban activity in this location,” says Alburaki. “Ornamental plantings around homes or businesses, or backyard gardens are examples of urban activity that increase the diversity of pollen in an area. Greater pollen diversity has been credited with enhancing colony development.”
Researchers also evaluated trapped pollen from each colony for pesticide residues. Low concentrations of fungicides, herbicides and insecticides were identified, but at levels well below the lethal dose for honey bees. Imidacloprid was the only neonicotinoid detected, also at sub-lethal levels.
Agricultural pesticides, particularly neonicotinoids, are considered by some to be a key factor in declining honeybee populations. The UTIA study found that higher exposure to pesticides in agricultural environments did not result in measurable impacts on colony productivity.
“We train agricultural producers on careful selection and conscientious application of pesticides to reduce bee exposure,” says Scott Stewart, Integrated Pest Management Specialist with UT Extension, “but it's becoming more clear that the influences of varroa mite and food availability are more important factors in honey bee health than agricultural pesticides.”
This study was supported in part by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Agricultural Research Service Pest Management Program.
Through its mission of research, teaching and extension, the University of Tennessee Institute of Agriculture touches lives and provides Real. Life. Solutions.
ag.tennessee.edu
###
Contacts:
Mohamed Alburaki, post-doctoral research associate, UT Department of Entomology and Plant Pathology, 731-425-4718,
malburak@utk.edu
Ginger Rowsey, UTIA Marketing and Communications, 731-425-4768,
gtrice@tennessee.edu
​
​​
Herman Yung is an enthusiastic photographer/taxi-spotter and over the years, he's managed to spot seven NYPD police cars disguised as yellow cabs (cab numbers 2W97, 6Y19, 6Y17, 2W95, 2W68, 6Y13, and 6Y21). Inspired by today's post about Freedom of Information Act request about the cars, he's made their collection public for the first time, along with a spotter's guide for people who want to find their own.
But if you take a closer look, here are several ways you can tell you're looking at an NYPD car:
*
Look for a missing center divider. Undercover NYPD taxi cabs don't normally have the plastic divider separating the backseats from the front seat.
*
Disconnected or fake meter. It's just for show and on some of these vehicles, the meter is missing completely from the dashboard.
*
Grey bumpers. This one used to be an easy tell, but nowadays the vehicles have been updated to sport the regular yellow bumper.
*
Extra black side skirts. This is another trait that has slowly been phased out since it made it too easy to spot to those on the lookout.
*
A computer in the front seat. If you can get close enough, look for the NYPD computer mounted in the center console area in the front seat.
*
2W and 6Y. This is probably the easiest way to tell. All of the undercover taxis sport a license number starting with 2W and 6Y (important note: Not all vehicles starting with these characters are undercover).
Whitney Waite, 25, a health-care analyst, and Gordon Chaffin, 28, social media content producer. (Daniele Seiss/Daniele Seiss)
Gordon Chaffin, 28, is a social media content producer who has never had a serious relationship and describes themselves as “happily alone.” Whitney Waite, 25, a health-care analyst, has had a couple of serious relationships and is at a point where she's “going with the flow” of whatever romance comes them way.
They met at Catch 15 Italian Kitchen & Oyster Bar downtown. Gordon describes themselves as “intense,” but given what happened next, this seems like an understatement. They made several bold moves, starting with staging a mock proposal with a Ring Pop they had purchased for the photo above.
“I was, like, ‘It's kinda weird, but it's kinda cool you came up with a different idea, so I'll go along with it,' ” said Whitney, our patron saint of empathy.
They brought mutual anxiety to their date. But what of physical attraction? “She's beautiful,” Gordon said, resorting to a verbal emoji: “It was kind of like, arms in the air screaming, ‘Yaass.' ”
“I thought they were cute,” Whitney said. “He was wearing a not-very-well-fitted blazer over a soccer jersey with this pin on it. It was kind of adorable.”
Once seated, they were relieved to discover that neither of them drinks. Because of Whitney's vegetarianism, though, Gordon said the amount of time it took their server to discuss meal options was “uncomfortable,” while Whitney worried they were coming off as “needy” and that their dietary restrictions were making things weird.
Gordon was also uneasy over the cost of the entrees even though The Post was paying, and slipped Whitney a note with an escape plan that they had written a few days earlier. It read: “Whitney, Hi. I'm not very comfortable in this setting — an expensive, fancy restaurant on our first date. This is a lot of pressure. This would not be my first or fifth choice to have our first conversation. I have an idea: Let's get out of here. Let's go eat somewhere an entree costs less than $30 and isn't listed on the menu in Italian. Let's go have pie. Dangerously Delicious Pies in Chinatown? I'm cool with anywhere other than this Italian kitchen and oyster bar. The plan: Pretend like you have a phone call outside. A few minutes later, I'll ask for the restroom and slip out the front door, and we meet in an alley next door. I have a $20 bill and an apology note to leave at the table. You in?”
Whitney was not in. “I [was] a little weirded out,” they said. “I just [wanted] to stick to the plan. This was already a plan outside of my comfort zone, and unplanned just takes me further outside.” But they acquiesced: “For them to put themselves out there and do that, I didn't want to turn them down.” They suggested they split appetizers and then split. Their conversation blossomed from there.
“She was noticing things about me and asking about them, like my bicycle lapel pin that's for [organizations that advocate] for cyclists,” Gordon said.
“I feel like they wore conversation items,” Whitney recalled. “I was like, ‘Okay, I'll take the bait.' ”
After appetizers, Gordon told their server they aren't feeling well and the pair slipped out, per Whitney's plan. They walked to the Washington Monument, watched the sunset and discussed why Whitney doesn't drink: She's Mormon. “In my experience, when you say that you're a Mormon, people already have their own thoughts on it. It's usually like ‘Mormons are weird,' ” they said. “He was just very nice and accepting.”
That feeling was mutual. “In any of the questions they asked, there was never a hint of judgment or ‘I hope that you will answer in a specific way,' ” Gordon said. “So talking about faith was just really comfortable.”
They called it a night around nine o'clock. “It was kind of like, ‘This is nice. I have not screwed up,' ” Gordon said. They walked them to the Metro, where they thanked them for being normal. They thanked them back, and they hugged. Although you may be wondering what wouldn't have registered as normal to these two, it's important to remember that normal is relative. The best you can do is find someone who agrees with and adheres to your definition of normal. For at least one night, Whitney's and Gordon's matched.
Rate the date
Gordon: 5 [out of 5]. Meeting Whitney made them feel “re-energized.”
Whitney: 3.9. “I walked away from them smiling.”
Update
A week later, they went mini-golfing. When Gordon asked them out again, Whitney said they didn't see the relationship going anywhere and they won't be going out again.
May 23 (UPI) -- A traveler on a Florida highway captured video of a driver traveling at a high speed in an SUV with the windshield blocked by the vehicle's hood.
Rocky Walsh posted a video to YouTube showing the scene they witnessed when they were a passenger on Highway 50 in Clermont Thursday.
"I saw them looking like an old lady, hovered up there, just looking through a small slit in the hood trying to make their way down Highway 50 for well over a mile, I saw him, when the police were after him," Walsh told WKMG-TV.
Walsh's video shows police officers attempting to get the driver's attention to make them pull over to the side of the highway.
Police said the driver told them their hood wouldn't close after a recent crash, so they have been driving around by looking through the gap at the top of the hood.
Clermont police said officers helped the man secure their hood and they were issued a citation for driving with an obstructed view.
Walsh said the incident was a good teaching moment for their 15-year-old daughter, who was behind the wheel while they filmed.
"I was shocked and I told them earlier, 'you have to be prepared on the road, you never know what you'll see,' but I never thought that would be what we were seeing," Walsh said.
They said they hope other young drivers learn a lesson or two from their video.
"I hope people learn some driver safety and you never know what you'll see and to just be prepared and if you have a problem with your car you should pull off to the side," Walsh said.
Contrary to popular belief, some very smart, accomplished people cannot read well. This unexpected difficulty in reading in relation to intelligence, education and professional status is called dyslexia, and researchers at Yale School of Medicine and University of California Davis, have presented new data that explain how otherwise bright and intelligent people struggle to read.
The study, which will be published in the January 1, 2010 issue of the journal Psychological Science, provides a validated definition of dyslexia. "For the first time, we've found empirical evidence that shows the relationship between IQ and reading over time differs for typical compared to dyslexic readers," said Sally E. Shaywitz, M.D., the Audrey G. Ratner Professor in Learning Development at Yale School of Medicine's Department of Pediatrics, and co-director of the newly formed Yale Center for Dyslexia and Creativity.
Using data from the Connecticut Longitudinal Study, an ongoing 12-year study of cognitive and behavioral development in a representative sample of 445 Connecticut schoolchildren, Shaywitz and their team tested each child in reading every year and tested for IQ every other year. They were looking for evidence to show how the dissociation between cognitive ability and reading ability might develop in children.
The researchers found that in typical readers, IQ and reading not only track together, but also influence each other over time. But in children with dyslexia, IQ and reading are not linked over time and do not influence one another. This explains why a dyslexic can be both bright and not read well.
"I've seen so many children who are struggling to read but have a high IQ," said Shaywitz. "Our findings of an uncoupling between IQ and reading, and the influence of this uncoupling on the developmental trajectory of reading, provide evidence to support the concept that dyslexia is an unexpected difficulty with reading in children who otherwise have the intelligence to learn to read."
Typical readers learn how to associate letters with a specific sound. "All they have to do is look at the letters and it's automatic," Shaywitz explained. "It's like breathing; you don't have to tell your lungs to take in air. In dyslexia, this process remains manual." Each time a dyslexic sees a word, it's as if they've never seen it before. People with dyslexia have to read slowly, re-read, and sometimes use a marker so they don't lose their place.
"A key characteristic of dyslexia is that the unexpected difficulty refers to a disparity within the person rather than, for example, a relative weakness compared to the general population," said co-author Bennett A. Shaywitz, M.D., the Charles and Helen Schwab Professor in Dyslexia and Learning Development and co-director of the Yale Center for Dyslexia and Creativity.
Sally Shaywitz estimates that one in five people are dyslexic and points to many accomplished writers, physicians and attorneys with dyslexia who struggle with the condition in their daily lives, including Carol Greider, the 2009 Nobel laureate in medicine. They hope to dispel many of the myths surrounding the condition.
"High-performing dyslexics are very intelligent, often out-of-the box thinkers and problem-solvers," they said. "The neural signature for dyslexia is seen in children and adults. You don't outgrow dyslexia. Once you're diagnosed, it is with you for life."
Shaywitz also stresses that the problem is with both basic spoken and written language. People with dyslexia take a long time to retrieve words, so they might not speak or read as fluidly as others. In students, the time pressure around standardized tests like the SATs and entrance exams for professional schools increases anxiety and can make dyslexia worse, so the need for accommodations is key in helping those with the disorder realize their potential, they say.
###
Other authors on the study include Emilio Ferrer at the University of California Davis and John M. Holahan and Karen Marchione at Yale School of Medicine.
The study was funded by the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, the National Science Foundation, and the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke.
Citation: Psychological Science (January 1, 2010)
Next time you shop online for jeans or T-shirts from the Gap, you may have artificial intelligence to thank when the correct items arrive on your doorstep. Kindred AI, one of our 50 Smartest Companies of 2017, has been testing Kindred Sort, its first production model robot, for the past six weeks at a warehouse as part of a new collaboration with the clothing company.
By pairing AI with remote human operators, the Kindred trial is using the operators' skills to further train the machines, while also allowing a small team of people to run operations around the world. For the Gap partnership, six human pilots located in Toronto are assisting robots based in Tennessee.
Kindred has made a pivot since we talked to cofounder and CEO Geordie Rose in March, removing the virtual-reality component from the human controller's arsenal. Instead, the human members of the team are using a 3-D mouse paired with a standard keyboard to perform tasks that are currently too cumbersome for the robot to perform alone.
In this case, that task is grasping clothing, shoes, and accessories of varying shapes in the company's warehouse. The robots are using deep learning and reinforcement learning to figure out how much pressure they should use when grasping and how best to grab the various items in inventory.
Kindred is charging Gap for the partnership, but not for the individual machines. Instead, the fee is for the robots' time. As George Babu, Kindred's chief product officer, told The Verge, “It's pay-per-intelligent action. We're not selling the robots, and it's not a monthly lease either. We're trying to create the AI, so we price the use of the AI, and the hardware price is baked into that.”
A school in rural New Zealand is copping flak after pictures were published of a possum-throwing contest taking place in the playground.
Last week, a North Island newspaper, the Manawatu Standard, ran pictures of students at Colyton School grabbing possum carcasses by the tail and lobbing them through the air to see how far they could toss them.
Since the article went to print, the newspaper has received several complaints about the contest and at least three people have contacted the SPCA, saying the practice taught kids to "disrespect dead animals".
Local mother Kim Rodgers called for the practice to be canned.
"I think we should have respect. It's not something we should do. It's definitely not something we should be teaching children to do," they told the Manawatu Standard.
When interim-Mayor Tim Burgess signs the city's $5.6 billion budget on Wednesday — allocating funds for everything from homeless services to office improvements in the Municipal Tower to security safeguards at a damaged Columbia River dam — the ongoing funding debate will close with an ellipsis more than a period.
After weeks of chaotic and often tense budget negotiations, the Seattle City Council on Monday finally signed off on the package for the city's 2018 finances, 8-1. Councilmember Kshama Sawant was the only one to vote no, which they have done every year since their election in 2013.
Although the council declined to include a proposed new tax on business as a means to pay for their priorities, known as the HOMES tax, its members passed a resolution committing itself to finding new, “progressive” taxes by March of 2018, guaranteeing that the heated debate over what to pay for and how to pay for it will continue for months to come.
But, for at least this weekend, the city's got a budget.
Relative to the total budget, the council's in-fights were over crumbs, with the main battle centering on about $13 million for addressing the homelessness crisis.
Despite the overall size of the city's budget, council members' priorities must come out of a limited pool. By the time the total budget drips its way down to the council, $4.3 billion of the package is already earmarked for utilities, transportation, administration and development. And of the $1.1 billion left for adjusting, the majority is set aside for the police and fire departments, as well as other basic functions of city government.
This year's budget cycle was notably contentious, with the council behaving more like a legislative body in the depths of recession rather than boom-times, looking for cuts wherever it could find them. “I think this has been an unusual and difficult budget process,” said budget chair Lisa Herbold. “We had difficult decisions before us, no easy answers.”
Councilmember Mike O'Brien called it the most intense of their eight years on the council, which include hard economic times around the start of this decade.
Driving this was the unfortunate two-year anniversary of the declaration of a homelessness state of emergency by then-Mayor Ed Murray and King County Executive Dow Constantine. As activists daily reminded the council that many people have died on the streets in 2017 (88, by some estimates), the pace of progress in addressing the crisis has frustrated members of the council.
“Council members are feeling a sense of urgency collectively that I kind of think is at a different level than we've heard before,” said Alison Eisinger, director of the Seattle/King County Coalition on Homelessness.
Early in the budget negotiations, Herbold gambled on a proposed tax on the city's largest businesses, taking their colleagues' priorities on homelessness, housing and criminal justice reform and tying them to approval of the tax.
But it was a gamble that did not pay off: The tax was defeated, 5-4, Nov. 14.
As a result, the final days of budget negotiations were a scramble as council members looked for places to take or borrow money to be reinvested in the Human Services Department and elsewhere in efforts to combat homelessness. Some of that money was recaptured through a loan on a future sale of city property, while other dollars were found through cuts.
In an example of just how tense — and, in recent years, unusual — this sort of governing can be, the council briefly approved $1 million in cuts to the mayor's office, a move that was met with immediate backlash from both current-Mayor Burgess and members of Mayor-elect Jenny Durkan's transition team. On Monday, the council rolled back some of those cuts, instead using $541,000 of leftover 2017 funding in the Department of Construction and Inspections and $95,000 out of the Office of the City Auditor.
The council, in the end, found about $9 million in additional investments to combat homelessness, adding to the $63 million already set aside for 2018. This includes programs that intersect with, but are not directly targeted at, homelessness, like $1.3 million for safe drug consumption sites and $750,000 for the Law Enforcement Assisted Diversion program.
The budget also adds money for permanent civilian oversight of the Seattle Police Department, while allocating money for dozens more Seattle police officers. It provides resources for more tenant outreach. It funds studies of a municipal bank. It provides more money for keeping youth out of jail. It will spur the construction of a walking trail in Georgetown.
One thing they decided not to fund: a $250,000 the council had budgeted for a new carpet in its offices.
At the budget hearing's conclusion, the council members thanked one another for the conclusion of the chaotic budget process.
Sawant, however, took the opportunity to lay into their colleagues. “The budget as a whole remains overwhelmingly the same business-as-usual budget that has failed to meet the needs of the people of Seattle year after year,” they said. The Socialist Alternative council member added, “I'm sorry, you have not treated an emergency like an emergency, because if you had, you would have stopped the sweeps and passed the HOMES tax.”
Mayor-elect Durkan has remained relatively quiet on the budget process, saying only that they understand it will be one they inherit. Even when the council threatened to cut their office budget, they stayed out of it (although in a meeting of their transition committee, one of their incoming deputy mayors, Shefali Ranganathan, referred to the "constraints of the budget the City Council just handed us").
But when Durkan is sworn in, they will be immediately thrown into the budget debate: The city is due to receive the results of a $30 million re-bid of all homeless service provider contracts the day before they take office. Several influential providers believe that, without additional funding, the process could result in a near-term spike in people living on the streets.
Further, with its resolution, the council has committed to establishing a task force to find a progressive revenue stream by Dec. 11, with the group's recommendations due by late February.
Throughout the campaign, Durkan largely deflected their stance on the business tax, which could have raised between $20-$25 million a year, but that opponents fear would hurt business.
In a statement, Mayor Tim Burgess praised the package. "When I delivered my proposed budget to the City Council in September, I said that our spending should be fair, just, and reflective of the values of Seattle," they said in a statement. "I'm pleased to say the budget the Council approved today meets all of those criteria."
Signing the package Wednesday will likely be their final, major act in their short stint as interim mayor.
Chuck Johnson, a pro-Trump opposition researcher once dubbed “The Most Hated Man on the Internet,” was contacted by the Senate Intelligence Committee on Wednesday and asked to appear for an interview about the 2016 election, they tell The Daily Caller.
Johnson says that they believe that the committee wants to talk to them about their work with Peter Smith, a longtime GOP opposition researcher who formed a team of investigators and cyber sleuths last year to obtain emails that Hillary Clinton deleted from their private email server.
The committee, which is investigating Russia's meddling in the presidential campaign, has interviewed some Trump associates, including Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort, as well as former Obama administration officials.
Federal and congressional investigators are likely intrigued by Smith's hunt for Clinton's emails because, as The Wall Street Journal reported late last month, the project resembled one that Russian hackers were heard discussing on intercepted communications last year.
A U.S. official told the newspaper that intelligence reports described “Russian hackers discussing how to obtain emails from Mrs. Clinton's server and then transmit them to Mr. Flynn via an intermediary.”
Flynn is Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn.
Smith, who died by suicide in May at the age of 81, suggested to associates that Flynn was somehow involved in the search for Clinton's emails. In emails to their associates, Smith made references to Flynn's consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group. They also said they had connections to Flynn's son, Michael Flynn Jr. (RELATED: New Information In A Bizarre Story About A Quest To Hunt Down Hillary's Deleted Emails)
Smith told The Journal in an interview 10 days before their death that they believed that computer hackers — possibly affiliated with the Russian government — possessed copies of Clinton's stolen the emails. Smith worked with Johnson to search the so-called Dark Web to find the documents.
Johnson, who worked with the Trump transition team behind the scenes and maintains contacts in the administration, told TheDC earlier this month that they did not believe that Flynn was involved in Smith's project. They did say Smith had “a lot of points of contact” close to Flynn, who served as Trump's top national security adviser during the campaign.
Johnson, who has reported for The Daily Caller in the past, says that they plan to accommodate the Senate committee, though they will insist on testifying in a public setting. If they end up giving a closed-door interview, which has been the norm so far for the committee, Johnson says they will likely attend without an attorney present.
They did add that they plan to turn any Senate appearance into a “circus.”
Follow Chuck on Twitter
Michael Oliver is engaged to female referee Lucy May, to whom John Cummings addressed their sexist comments
Premier League referee Michael Oliver has quit as head of Northumberland Football Association's referee academy over their decision not to punish their vice president for discriminating against a female referee.
The Football Association already banned John Cummings for four months for telling Lucy May - who is Oliver's fiancee - "a woman's place is in the kitchen and not on a football field".
The NFA board decided the FA's ruling, including a £250 fine, was sufficient and decided against further punishment.
Four other NFA members also stood down in protest at the decision, which the BBC understands was made by secret ballot.
The NFA's president turned down a request by the BBC for comment.
Northumberland FA's equality policy "The Northumberland FA, in all its activities, will not discriminate, nor treat anyone less favourably, on grounds of gender, sexual orientation, marital status, race, nationality, ethnic origin, religion or belief, ability or disability. The Northumberland FA will ensure that it treats people fairly and with respect and will provide access and opportunities for all members of the community to take part in, and enjoy, its activities."
The decision not to take action has angered many people connected to North East football, who have accused the board of "sweeping the issue under the carpet" and called for change.
One source, who wished to remain anonymous, told the BBC "the NFA board is like a body of dinosaurs. Many of them hold views that are not those of the people they represent."
Cummings, 77, made the comments to referee development officer May at a referee workshop event in March.
May, 24, asked Cummings about the possibility of officiating in the North East Sunday League.
Cummings told them they "wouldn't be able to handle it".
They added: "It's nothing against you personally but all the time I'm alive, a woman will never referee in my league."
Cummings, who had their appeal against the FA's four-month ban dismissed, has been told they must attend an education programme before they return to their position.
As well as Oliver, it is understood NFA finance director Steve Drew, youth representative Ian Coates, referee coordinator Dave Martin and referee coach Scott Duncan have stepped down.
Before the Auston Matthews defenders jump down our throats, let's be fair.
Matthews' Team USA faced a significantly tougher opponent in defending gold medal winner Team Canada. And Matthews centres a line featuring NHL depth wingers Pat Maroon and Jordan Schroeder.
Team Finland and Patrik Laine, on the other hand, drew Belarus on the opening day of the IIHF World Championship Friday. And Laine has the pleasure of skating alongside top-six Florida teammates Aleksander Barkov and Jussi Jokinen.
We're talking apples and oranges here, so it would be foolish to compare.
Let's just say that on Friday the oranges were delicious.
Laine's agent, Mike Liut, told us the 18-year-old would “like to play with a centreman who can find them in a crowd in the middle of Times Square.”
Barkov is that centreman. The Winnipeg Jets, who are selecting second overall at the upcoming NHL Draft, sure hope Mark Schiefele is turning into that type of pivot, too.
Matthews was held pointless with three shots on net and 16:56 of ice time versus a stacked Canada squad.
Laine scored two beautiful, unique goals, added an assist, and became the youngest player ever to score three points in a game in the World Championship en route to a 6-2 victory.
They finished with four shots in 13:31. The youngest Finn to ever play in the tournament probably could've scored twice more, seriously.
Here is Laine's first goal, assisted by Barkov, which the teenager both creates and finishes:
Here's the second, a trademark Laine slapper:
And one of their impressive near-misses:
While we don't really believe the Toronto Maple Leafs will select Laine over Matthews, we certainly love the Finn's outspoken effort to unseat the American.
Finland next plays Sunday versus Germany, while the U.S. takes on Belarus Saturday.
Corey Pronman on Twitter
Twenty-two-year-old Sharif Gaber is a typical young Egyptian in many ways but their political opinions have made them a highly controversial figure on social media - he's a supporter of Israel and happily tells the world why.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
"This video will cause me to lose friends, but honestly, it's a message of love and not hate," Gaber firmly wrote on their Facebook profile after their video explaining their liberal views regarding Israel went viral. "If you are bothered that I'm telling you to stop hating Israel, that's your problem."
Sharif Gaber's film.
X
Gaber agreed to speak with Ynet this week from an unidentified location in Egypt for fear of authorities who have not taken kindly to their opinions.
They told their story - that of a devout Muslim who dutifully memorized verses from the Quran, until change slowly came to him.
"I studied the history of religion and Islamic law, but since 2011, everything changed," said Gaber. "I saw a video of a girl being pelted by stones and from that moment, I started wondering if Islam holds water - it happened one step at a time.
As they moved away from religious Islam, Gaber said they began to think logically about Israel.
"I went into the page of the IDF's Arab Spokesperson, Avichay Adraee, who blessed the Muslims on a Muslim holiday and responded to thousands of curses from Muslim viewers," said Gaber. "You understand? The guy is blessing them and they're cursing him.
From Gaber's Facebook.
"I felt like they were sick, that something wasn't right," continued Gaber. "From the other side I saw that Israelis were trying to handle them with logic and bring understanding to the anger of the Muslims. But the response from the Muslim viewers continued with curses and insults."
Gaber followed their instinct that something in the collective Muslim voice did not seem right.
"I understood that the problem is with Arabs' education that for many years has fed children insulting thoughts about Israel," said Gaber. "When I started speaking with Israelis they were better than my family. I despised myself for having hated Israel without justification."
Their change in opinion then painted an entirely new world view for Gaber. "In 2011 I wanted to go fight for Palestine because of songs of the Arab dream, but after that I already knew to say that Israel has contributed a million inventions, discoveries and scientific studies to humanity," said Gaber. "And what have the Arabs done - gather together singers with pretty voices to sing for Palestine? I found that I was blind to reality."
You're good even to those who wish you death
Gaber was born in Saudi Arabia when their Egyptian father lived there with the rest of their family. Today, he's an Egyptian citizen but lacks religious affiliation. They describe themselves as an atheist who rejected Islam.
Since the 2011 revolution that overthrew Hosni Mubarak, Egypt's atheists have become a more vocal group, but still remain on the fringes of society, treated as outcasts.
Gaber was arrested for "promoting atheism on social media" in 2013 just months after they openly argued with a university professor during a lecture on homosexuality. According to Gaber, the professor searched for them online and found enough evidence to report them to the authorities.
Forty days and 7,500 Egyptian Liras later, Gaber was released from jail and started making their videos online, finding that their message was having an effect.
"The threats against me increased, of course," said Gaber. "They threatened to kill me and report me to the authorities but I decided to continue talking about everything I think because what the Arabs need more than anything is a replacement of ideas and mentality. They live their entire life trusting the nice words of lying politicians and they need truthful words that will hurt them so that they will wake up."
Gaber has been on the run from the authorities since a second run in with the justice system last February. But fear, they say, is no longer part of the equation.
"My body will die in the end, but ideas are forever," they said. "It's important for me that they win, even through a video. That's more important than being in jail or staying free."
Gaber moves from place to place, in touch with their family only once-in-a-while.
"All of the comments on the video on my Facebook were threats - except for those from Israelis," said Gaber. "I was left speechless at their beautiful comments."
With that, Gaber left a response for their supportive commentators. "Be proud of yourselves," they told their Israeli viewers. "You're neighbors see you as the great Satan and despite that you still manage to hold back your strength and maintain your goodness and the too-good treatment of those who wish you death."
CSIRO casts doubt on key aspect of Government's Direct Action climate change plan
Updated
The CSIRO has cast doubt on a key aspect of the Federal Government's climate change plan, saying storing carbon in soil is only likely to result in a "low level" cut to greenhouse gas emissions.
The Government's multi-billion dollar Direct Action policy aims to cut carbon pollution by 5 per cent by the year 2020, with soil carbons forming a major part of its strategy.
"The single largest opportunity for CO2 emissions reduction in Australia is through bio-sequestration in general and, in particular, the replenishment of our soil carbons," the policy document states.
"It is also the lowest cost CO2 emissions reduction available in Australia on a large scale."
In a submission to a Senate inquiry into the Direct Action policy, the CSIRO says there are many options for achieving the 5 per cent target, but warns that soil carbons may not deliver much.
"Soil carbon in agricultural zones is likely to provide low levels of greenhouse gas abatement," it states.
"Saturation of carbon sinks (the maturation of forests and the restoration of soil carbon levels) means that per annum abatement from the land sector will decline in the decades after project establishment."
The CSIRO also says there needs to be further work done on modelling the carbon levels in soil.
In response to questions about the CSIRO's comments, a spokesperson for Environment Minister Greg Hunt told the ABC: "We remain extremely confident we'll achieve our targets and achieve them easily."
Topics: climate-change, environment, environmental-management, environmental-policy, government-and-politics, federal-government, australia
First posted
The trade deadline is a tough time to be an NHL GM.
Everywhere you go, everyone is asking you about trades. Are you buying? Are you selling? How many moves will you make? Fans around the league are buzzing with excitement, counting down the hours to one of the most-anticipated dates on the hockey calendar.
So sure, the fans are happy. But you, an NHL GM, are miserable. You don't want to make a trade. You hate trading. And so do almost all of your colleagues around the league.
It didn't use to be that way. Back in the old days, trades were frequent and often franchise-altering, and a GM with enough guts could remake their team with just a few bold moves. But those were different times. Back then, two grizzled GMs could sit down at the bar, look each other dead in the eye, and hammer out a blockbuster by the time the third or fourth round had been slammed down.
But not you. You've surrounded yourself with a small army of advisors and assistants. The scouts tell you one thing, then the analytics guys say something else. You're drowning in data, reports and opinions. And if we're being honest, you're not really allowed to do anything without running it by the owner first.
Trading is hard. Too hard. Your life would be so much easier without it.
But there's just one problem: The fans. Those idiots ruin everything. They seem to have it in their heads that the team they support with their passion and hard-earned dollars should actually be doing everything in their power to try to win. They keep expecting you to get off your behind and do what you're paid to do.
It can wear on you. And at some point over the next two weeks, you might even start to feel like caving into the pressure and actually, you know, accomplishing something.
Resist that urge. Stay strong, NHL GM. You can get through this. And to help you out, we've prepared this special guide to help you keep your eyes on the prize over the trying days ahead. Where the prize, of course, is taking the next two weeks off.
1. Blame the salary cap
Repeat after me: “I can't make a trade, because the salary cap makes my job too hard.”
Honestly, most of the time you can just stop here. Claiming that the cap makes trading too difficult seems to work on about 75 percent of the fans out there, and just about all of the media. They'll just shrug and accept it, and then they'll leave you alone.
Never mind that we've had the cap for a dozen years, and everyone should have figured out how it works by now. Never mind that working within a budget has been part of a GM's job for a century. Never mind that this isn't the NBA, with complex rules around balancing salaries in trades. Never mind that 23 of the league's 30 teams already have enough cap room to add at least $2 million at the deadline. Never mind that teams can retain salary or take back contracts to balance the books.
Ignore all of that stuff, because that's what fans have been conditioned to do over the years. Just blame the cap. Most of the time, that will be enough.
2. Point to the standings
How's your team doing these days? Not well, you say. Well then, you can't make a trade now. Everyone knows that the absolute worst time to make a deal is when your team is struggling. That's when other GMs line up to take advantage of you. Anchors thrown instead of life jackets, and all that. Who wants an anchor thrown at them? Not you.
No trades when your team is struggling. It's just common sense.
What's that? You say your team is actually doing well? Oh, well in that case, you'd be crazy to change anything now. Why mess with a good thing? If it's working, you don't screw around with it. Back away slowly and don't touch anything.
No trades when your team isn't struggling. It's just common sense.
3. Point to the calendar
Fans have come to expect that the trade deadline is a time for making trades, largely because the league foolishly went and stuck the word “trade” right in there.
But really, what do they know? The deadline might be fine for small moves, but GMs like you know that anything truly significant is just too complicated to pull off in the middle of a season. You have to wait until the draft. That's when the real trading happens these days.
Of course, the draft isn't great either. With free agency right around the corner, everyone thinks they can solve their problems by signing guys on the open market. Probably better to wait until after July 1, since all those teams that miss out on their prime targets will be desperate by then.
OK, so now it's after July 1. Whoops. Nobody has any cap room left. Guess you'll have to wait until training camp.
Weird, now it's training camp and everyone likes their team. Nobody wants to deal. But just you wait until the season starts, guys start getting hurt, and teams start feeling the pressure. That's the time to make a deal!
Huh. Apparently nobody trades during the first few months of the season anymore. Ah well, that's fine. Everyone knows that the best time to trade is at the trade deadline. After all, it even has the word “trade” right in there.
Prime Time Sports Hughson: Shattenkirk doesn't fit into the Leafs' puzzle February 13 2017
Your browser does not support the audio element.
4. Remind everyone that you're not going to make a trade just for the sake of making a trade
This phrase is your best friend. Read it, memorize it, and repeat it often — at least once every time you're asked about the deadline. Two or three times would be better. If you wanted to do an entire interview where you just mindlessly repeated it in response to every single question including “How are you?”, that would be fine, too.
And don't just mutter it like a half-hearted excuse. No, you want to puff out your chest a little bit. Make it sound like a boast. You're a big boy, and you only do things when you want to do them, not because someone else is telling you to.
Sure, it all might sound a little silly, since literally nobody in the history of sports has ever suggested that anyone make a trade just for the sake of it. It might even feel vaguely insulting to your fan base, as if you're dismissing them as drooling simpletons who want trades as instant gratification and not, you know, a crucial part of putting together a championship roster.
Ignore that feeling. You're not going to make a trade just for the sake of making a trade. Aren't you brave!
5. Never ask anyone to waive a NTC
Do you have a roster full of guys with no-trade clauses? Lucky you! That means you don't have to even think about trading any of them. That's because NTCs can never, ever be waived.
Well, I mean, they can. And sometimes they are. Come to think of it, it happens all the time. But don't worry about that. Make a big public show out of announcing that you won't even ask any players with NTCs about waiving them. Consider trying to make it sound like you're taking some sort of ethical stance.
(Addendum: It goes without saying that you should offer NTCs on every contract you sign. Consider it a gift to your future self.)
Marek vs. Wyshynksi Sportsnet's Jeff Marek and Yahoo! Puck Daddy editor Greg Wyshynski go toe-to-toe every Tuesday and Thursday afternoon (pretty much) to talk all things hockey.
6. Just make everyone untouchable
There was a time when “untouchable” meant something. It was applied to guys who were completely off limits for discussion. You heard their name, you hung up the phone. There was simply no possible situation in which you'd even consider moving him. They were that good.
But today, anyone can be untouchable. Any player that's good, or on a cheap contract, or young, or used to be young… you can come up with whatever criteria you want. The key is to preemptively take them off the market by declaring them untouchable.
Keeping your options open? That's for suckers. You want to slam those doors closed right now, just in case there might be a deal lurking behind some of them.
Here's what you do. Grab a copy of your roster and look it over. Put a checkmark next to any name you see that any other team might ever conceivably want. See those guys? They're untouchable now. Leak that to a friendly media member, wait for the word to get out, and then watch that ringing phone go quiet.
7. You're not shopping, but you are listening
Nobody knows exactly what this means. That's the beauty of it!
The idea seems to be that you're willing to entertain offers that come to you, but won't be making any of your own. It takes two to tango, and in your case tangoing means the other person doing all the work before you're willing to so much as acknowledge them.
Again, fans may occasionally ask you annoying questions like, “Isn't it literally your job to be shopping?” Ignore them. Just keep listening. If enough of you do that, eventually the day will come when all 30 NHL GMs are just sitting in their offices, listening intently to total and complete silence. Sweet, blessed silence.
8. When in doubt, remember: Only one team wins the Stanley Cup
By now, you should be safely insulated from any demands that you make a deal. You've already lined up your excuses, you've cut off most of the conversation before it starts, and you've already kicked the can down the road to the off-season. The next two weeks should be easy.
But every now and then, all of that still isn't enough. Maybe your team is free-falling down the standings. Maybe you haven't made the playoffs in years. Maybe your roster has so many obvious holes that the fans just aren't buying your “My job is so hard” talk. It happens.
If so, you've always got one more bullet to fire: Remind everyone that only one team wins the Stanley Cup every year.
It's true. Historians have confirmed that ever since the NHL came into existence and took possession of the trophy, only one team has won it every year. In the case of lockouts, sometimes fewer. But one is pretty much the maximum.
Your job as a timid GM is to remind everyone of that fact, over and over. The implication is clear: Since the only thing that matters is the Cup and only one team wins it, anyone else who even tried was just wasting their time.
Will your fans buy it? Probably. Will they realize that you're basically saying that 97 per cent of the league's teams are failures every year, which sounds like a horrible way to market a sport? Possibly. Is there a risk that they'll notice that the teams that do win the Cup, like the Penguins, Blackhawks and Kings, also tend to be the most aggressive traders in the league? Oh man, I sure hope not.
Just remember: Only one team wins the Stanley Cup every year. It's science.
Will that team ever be your team? No, but then again, that's not the point. Winning a championship is for other GMs. Your priorities are simpler. Stay in your comfort zone. Look as busy as possible while not actually doing anything. And then, of course, cross your fingers that the team owner doesn't realize he's paying you a full salary to do part of a job.
You can do this. It's almost over. The next two weeks will be the toughest of the season, but it's only two weeks. After that, this will all be over, and nobody will ask you about trading ever again.
Well, at least until the off-season. Might want to start getting your excuses ready in advance.
The inside of our Milky Way in 3D
Scientists at the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics have produced the first detailed three-dimensional map of the stars that form the inner regions of our Milky Way, using publicly available VVV survey data from the science archive facility at ESO. They find a box/peanut shaped bulge with an elongated bar and a prominent X-structure, which had been hinted at in previous studies. This indicates that the Milky Way was originally a pure disk of stars, which then formed a thin bar, before buckling into the box/peanut shape seen today. The new map can be used for more detailed studies of the dynamics and evolution of our Milky Way.
Our Sun resides right inside the galactic disk, about 27 000 light-years from the core of our Milky Way. Due to the obscuring effects of dense gas and dust clouds it is therefore difficult to get accurate information about the shape and properties of the inner regions of our galaxy. By using a large number of so-called “red clump” giant stars from the new VVV survey scientists at the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics have now produced a three-dimensional map of the galactic bulge.
Three-dimensional map of Milky Way's bulge, calculated from observations of red clump giant stars. This is the first time that such an accurate 3D-map has been reconstructed of the inner regions of our Milky Way. Because the map is 3D it can be rotated and viewed from different directions or detailed slices examined as shown in the video. The sun is shown in relation to the map but is not to scale.
“While several studies with red clump giants and other methods have found evidence for a triaxial structure of the galactic bulge, the depth of this star catalogue exceeds previous work and we can detect the entire population of red clump giants in all but the most highly obscured regions,” explains Christopher Wegg at MPE. “From this star distribution we can then directly infer the three-dimensional density map, without the need to compare to theoretical models.”
The 3D map viewed from the position of the Sun. Due to our position within the disk it is difficult to identify the detailed structure of the inner galaxy, despite covering a large region of the sky -- the moon is shown for scale. The innermost 1 degree has been excluded from the analysis because of the very high amount of dust in this region. © MPE The 3D map viewed from the position of the Sun. Due to our position within the disk it is difficult to identify the detailed structure of the inner galaxy, despite covering a large region of the sky -- the moon is shown for scale. The innermost 1 degree has been excluded from the analysis because of the very high amount of dust in this region. © MPE
The scientists used the VVV near-infrared survey of the bulge conducted with the VISTA telescope in Chile (“VISTA Variables in the Via Lactea Survey”), which covers the inner regions of the Milky Way and is able to observe stars thirty times fainter than previous bulge surveys. The observations were carried out by the VVV team, who then made their images and star catalogues available to the international community as science data products in the ESO science archive facility.
Vertical projection of the 3D-map: The Milky Way bulge from above. The elongated bar at 27 degrees to the sun is clearly visible. © MPE Vertical projection of the 3D-map: The Milky Way bulge from above. The elongated bar at 27 degrees to the sun is clearly visible. © MPE
Red clump giant stars were chosen for this study as they can be used as a standard candle: at this stage in the star's lifetime their luminosity is approximately independent of their age or composition. The amount of gas and dust obscuring the stars is calculated directly from the observed colours of the red clump stars, so that their brightness distribution without obscuration can be measured. Because red clump stars have nearly the same intrinsic brightness, this gives approximate distances to each star. The good spatial coverage of the VVV survey allowed measurements across the whole inner region of the Milky Way, and from these the three-dimensional measurement of the structure of the bulge was constructed.
Horizontal projection of the 3D-map: The Milky Way from the side. The X-shaped structure is quite prominent, which had been hinted at in previous studies. Due of the different rotation rates of the bulge and the sun around the centre of the Milky Way this X-shape is how the center of the Milky Way would have looked from earth approximately 65 million years ago. By coincidence this is also the time at which the Chicxulub asteroid caused mass extinction of the dinosaurs - unfortunately dinosaurs were seemingly poor astronomers and apparently noticed neither. The white central band was excluded from the analysis because of the very high amount of dust in this region. © MPE Horizontal projection of
the 3D-map: The Milky Way from the side. The X-shaped structure is quite prominent, which had been hinted at in previous studies. Due of the different rotation rates of the bulge and the sun around the centre of the Milky Way this X-shape is how the center of the Milky Way would have looked from earth approximately 65 million years ago. By coincidence this is also the time at which the Chicxulub asteroid caused mass extinction of the dinosaurs - unfortunately dinosaurs were seemingly poor astronomers and apparently noticed neither. The white central band was excluded from the analysis because of the very high amount of dust in this region. © MPE
“In our analysis we find that the inner region of our galaxy is in the shape of a box/peanut, with a highly elongated bar and a prominent X-structure,” says Ortwin Gerhard, who leads the dynamics group at MPE. “It is the first time that we can see this clearly in our own Milky Way, and the simulations in our group show that this shape is fairly characteristic of a barred spiral galaxy." In these simulations performed by Inma Martinez-Valpuesta, the Milky Way was a pure disk of stars which formed a flat bar billions of years ago before the inner part of this then buckled to form the three-dimensional box/peanut shape seen in the map.
The scientists expect that this measurement of the three-dimensional density of the bulge will help to constrain galaxy evolution models for both our Milky Way and spiral galaxies in general. But will also support a number of further studies on different stellar populations, gas flows, or microlensing.
CLEVELAND, Ohio - A deal has been reached Thursday to potentially save the $140 million Quicken Loans Arena transformation.
Greater Cleveland Congregations withdrew petitions challenging the arena deal asking for a referendum vote. In a press release, GCC said Cuyahoga County is committed to mental health and substance abuse crisis centers.
A letter from Cuyahoga County Executive Armond Budish to representatives of United Pastors in Mission does not specify the county will build anything new.
"As much as we have done, we recognize there is much more to do, and we are committed to doing more throughout the County (including pursuing additional facilities and services for substance abuse and mental health crises), subject to the availability of resources and determinations of the best practice to follow," Budish wrote in the letter, which the county sent to cleveland.com.
"With respect to mental health services, we historically provide a very significant subsidy to the ADAMHS Board ($40 million this past year), which in turn supports a wide range of mental health services. And as I described, we are also engaged in many other efforts."
The statements came Thursday after a press conference and a related protest planned were canceled. The groups later rescheduled, and Greater Cleveland Congregations withdrew its petitions for a referendum.
Quicken Loans Arena referendum will be withdrawn, Cleveland Clergy Coalition says
GCC representatives say they are happy with the county's ongoing support of mental health and drug addiction services.
"GCC applauds the expressed commitment from County Executive Armond Budish, through mediators, to mental health and substance abuse crisis centers, which GCC has sought throughout its current campaign," the organization said in a release.
"This commitment represents a dramatic shift toward decriminalizing mental illness and drug and alcohol addiction," the GCC said. "Research and evidence suggest that the construction or rehab costs for at least two centers to be $10 million, with an annual costs of roughly $1.4 million per center. We recognize the county's intent to further research these investment costs and search for best practices."
GCC had asked for a dollar-for-dollar match of the $140 million for neighborhood investments.
In January, when the organization announced its opposition, Budish said they shared the GCC's concerns "over the critical needs facing our community."
But they said the county's annual investment of hundreds of millions of dollars to social services, high quality pre-kindergarten and economic development far exceeds any matching dollar amount requested by the GCC.
The county and GCC had been in talks about the need to create mental health centers to treat those who may have been placed in jail since the transformation was announced eight months ago and throughout the referendum process, Rev. Jawanza Colvin of the GCC said Thursday.
They said three things led to the agreement - the ruling this month by the Ohio Supreme Court that the referendum could go forward, the likely loss of an NBA All-Star game and the decision by Gilbert to pull out of the deal.
Gilbert's announcement led to widespread anger at GCC for derailing the transformation, which would have resulted in no new taxes and would have led to jobs and an extended lease for the Cavs.
Colvin said that after Gilbert's announcement Bishop Larry Macon and C.J. Matthews of United Pastors in Mission contacted them and GCC co-chair Pastor Richard Gibson and offered to mediate the discussion with the county.
"They said we need to sit down and discuss how to make this happen and get through all the politics," Colvin said.
They said they didn't regret pursuing the referendum because the need for mental health facilities for those who may be jailed instead was primary.
"This would not have happened without our faith communities coming together," they said. "This is an expressed demonstration of what happens when people of faith across racial and religious demographics come together and decide to do what is in the best interests of everyone."
NEWS & COMMENTARY Private school that got the largest number of state vouchers is in financial trouble
Lindsay Wagner, writing for the NC Policy Watch reports: A private religious school receiving by far the largest payout from the state's new school voucher program was in financial trouble during the last school year, pleading for help from the public online to fund its $150,000 shortfall so the school could complete the 2013-14 school year.
"The Greensboro Islamic Academy is suffering from a scarcity of funds," said Eesaa Wood, a leader at the school's parent organization, the Islamic Center of Greensboro, in a YouTube video posted online last January. The school has run a deficit of $150,000 every year, according to the fundraising pitch.
"For over a decade, the Muslim community of Greensboro has paid for this shortfall," said Wood. "For that we are grateful to Allah but we can no longer rely exclusively on this system."
The school is the biggest recipient of all those participating in the state's new Opportunity Scholarship Program, having already received 43 school vouchers totaling more than $90,000 dollars in public funds.
But as taxpayer money flows into Greensboro Islamic Academy's coffers, questions arise: will the school be able to sustain itself going forward given the financial difficulties it faces? And if not, what happens to funds that taxpayers have already spent on private, religious education?
Financial troubles
Lawmakers enacted a school voucher program last year that pulls approximately $10.8 million dollars away from the public school system to allow students to attend private and religious schools instead.
Proponents of the program say the voucher program is a way to give students better choices when it comes to their education; critics say it siphons badly needed funds away from public education and funnels them into unaccountable, religious private schools that are not obligated to hold themselves to high quality teaching standards.
The state received 170 applications earlier this year from students wishing to attend Greensboro Islamic Academy (GIA) this fall with a school voucher  by far the most popular school chosen among voucher applicants and a very large number considering that the school only accommodated 130 students the previous year.
Since then, a high-profile court battle ensued, resulting in a Superior Court judge finding that the program violates the state's constitutional mandate to use public funds only for public schools  but thanks to a Court of Appeals ruling last month, the state must disburse school vouchers that have already been awarded while the case winds its way through the state appellate courts.
In September, the N.C. State Educational Assistance Authority awarded 43 vouchers to students attending Greensboro Islamic Academy, totaling more than $90,000 tax dollars nearly 8 percent of the $1 million+ in school vouchers that were disbursed to 109 private schools so far across the state. The next largest recipient of school voucher funds was Word of God Christian Academy in Raleigh, which received 26 vouchers totaling $54,600, followed by Trinity Christian School in Fayetteville, which received 18 vouchers totaling $37,800.
More voucher funds will be disbursed in the coming weeks, although it's not clear how much more money, if any, GIA will receive.
According to its fundraising video, Greensboro Islamic Academy is the only full-time Pre-K through 8th grade Islamic private school in the Triad area  and it has struggled with financial obstacles since its inception in 2003.
"Because GIA never turns down any student because of financial need, this has resulted in a $150,000 deficit ever year," said Islamic Center of Greensboro leader Eesaa Wood in their fundraising plea.
In January 2014, it apparently became clear to school officials that relying on their typical charitable donor base was no longer sustainable to keep the school up and running. "We only need 1,500 donors to give $100 each. Then, at least the need for this year will be met," said Wood. The caption on the YouTube video explains to viewers that $150,000 was needed to complete the school year.
A link on the school's YouTube fundraising video brings the viewer to a fundraising page that says the school raised only $374 of its $150k goal. Numerous calls and emails to school officials seeking more information about the financial status of Greensboro Islamic Academy, as well as calls to the Islamic Center of Greensboro, the parent organization of GIA, have gone unanswered. Efforts to reach out to the video's narrator, Eesaa Wood, have also been unsuccessful.  Lindsay Wagner, writing for thereports: Click here to go to the original source to read the rest of this story.
Print Email Comment Share
The three networks on Thursday night immediately derided Donald Trump's “dark speech” as one coming from a “vengeful” “demagogue.” On NBC, Tom Brokaw allowed that “some” will see Trump as on a “white horse who will lead them to some kind of sanctuary and then pull the drawbridge up.” But they sneered, “Others looking in are going to see someone they will only think as a demagogue of some kind.”
Chuck Todd labeled, “I thought it was an extraordinarily dark speech.” Republican operative Nicolle Wallace lamented, “We are now represented as a party by a man who believes in protectionism, isolationism and nativism.”
Over on CBS, Evening News anchor Scott Pelley immediately dismissed, “It was a loud voice, more vengeful than hopeful. More hyperbole than details.” CBS This Morning co-host Charlie Rose huffed that the address had “little appeal to the better angels.”
On ABC, George Stephanopoulos, a former Democratic operative, echoed their colleague Chuck Todd: “He [Trump] painted a dark picture of where America stands today.” For emphasis, Stephanopoulos repeated, “And Martha Raddatz, a pretty dark speech.”
Martha Raddatz chided, “If Americans are not scared for their safety before tonight, they are tonight.”
Partial transcripts below:
ABC
7/21/16
11:34
GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: We heard about scrapping trade agreements. We heard about stopping immigration from terrorist countries. They painted a dark picture of where America stands today.
...
STEPHANOPOULOS: And Martha Raddatz, a pretty dark speech, labeled Hillary Clinton the candidate of death, destruction terrorism and weakness and mass lawlessness.
MARTHA RADDATZ: Yeah. If Americans are not scared for their safety before tonight, they are tonight. They talked about the crime, lawlessness, economic catastrophe.  They are the law and order candidate, they said. And basically, their message is, only they can save America. And this goes right to what the majority of Americans are worried about, crime. They are worried about terrorism.
...
11:34pm ET
TERRY MORAN: A lot of red meat in the speech in that speech. And I gotta tell you, George, I think some of the crowd is a little overstuffed. It wasn't the kind of speech that lifted up the crowd as one. It was a patchy response, and the Florida delegation where, I am, a crucial battleground state, you could almost see in the response of the people the divide of the party. Sure, there were people who, in fact, rose up and chanted “build the wall” and all the rest. But there were other people who did not respond as much and you felt that here. It was more of a harangue, too, than a speech.
<<< Please consider helping NewsBusters financially with your tax-deductible contribution today >>>
NBC
7/21/16
11:35
CHUCK TODD: You know, Lester, I thought it was an extraordinarily dark speech. There are going to be many Americans who say he's describing, “I don't recognize that America.” There are going to be others that say, “That is what I think I see” or “that is what I think I feel.” But, I tell you, it was dark.
11:36
TOM BROKAW: Well, these are the themes that got them to where they are, this is on this unlikely journey but tonight it was delivered on steroids. People in this hall see them as a man on a white horse who will lead them to some kind of sanctuary and then pull the drawbridge up behind them. Others looking in are going to see someone they will only think as a demagogue of some kind. What you talked about, they kept talking back to the themes of “we're going to win, we're going to crack down on terror, crack down on law and order and Hillary Clinton, until they took office as secretary of state, the Middle East was a land of milk and honey until they raised their hand and accepted that office.” That will be a very hard sell. But obviously they have teed up who they want to. I've been doing this a long time. I have never witnessed somebody who came from where they did get to this place used the language that they did to run for president of the United States. You cannot underestimate, however, we are playing by different rules now. Social media, their fans and social media will be all over this tonight and help promote Donald Trump.
...
NICOLLE WALLACE: Listening to this, I was struck by two things I always believed during my two decades in Republican politics. One, the voters always get it right, and two, the Republican Party that I worked for for two decades died in this room tonight. We are now represented as a party by a man who believes in protectionism, isolationism and nativism.
CBS
7/22/16
11:34
SCOTT PELLEY: Donald Trump, in a political speech unlike anything we've seen. “I am voice,” Trump said. It was a loud voice, more vengeful than hopeful. More hyperbole than details. “Crime and violence will come to an end soon and I mean very soon,” they said. But it was a voice that people in the room apparently longed to hear and it was met with wild applause and standing ovations.
NORAH O'DONNELL: And their family joining them on stage as is tradition. It was a different speech, you're right, by Donald Trump. It sort of lacked the aspirational quality of many of these speeches. Charlie Rose is here. Charlie?
CHARLIE ROSE: Well, we heard the list of grievances we've heard before. It was a long speech at one speed tied together by two words, law and order. And “I can fix the system. I will make it better. I am your voice. I'm the one,” with little appeal to the better angels.
In the wake of the Sandy Hook school shooting we all knew that an impending gun debate would be a hard fought battle. Just after this week's hearing on Capitol Hill, a new Forbes study finds that the NRA is winning the influence battle over gun control. In the new study performed by Forbes Insights, an independent and unbiased organization, they found that the “NRA and the pro-gun rights voices are winning the influence battle and will continue to be strong and more influential if the pro gun control voice remains fragmented”.
The data was compiled from the week before the school shooting and follows the trends over the following 5 weeks. There are some important pieces of information gathered from this study that are important to note:
1. The Republican politicians are not part of this debate. Instead, many solely have their eyes on the NRA and its president, Wayne LaPierre. Of the top 25 stakeholders in the gun control debate, only one is a Republican politician, Chris Christie.
2. The pro-gun rights voice is gaining influence while the gun-control voice is losing influence. The shifting platform is favoring those who support gun rights and the gun-control advocates are losing their influence.
3. The fragmented voice of the gun-control advocates is hurting their cause. “Of the top influencers on the pro-gun rights side, the majority of the most prominent voices are from the NRA. The pro-gun control voice is split between Obama and several gun control advocacy groups which dilutes the message.”
Clearly, if the NRA and the gun-rights advocates want to keep winning the debate, they need to stick together and keep the other side divided. Wayne LaPierre has provided a lot of information and options to help provide safety for our children. The gun-control groups instead simply want to infringe on the American people's right to bear arms and protect themselves and their families.
The American people are hearing the pro-gun lobby louder and what the NRA is advocating is speaking to people.
A pair of polar bears, a brother and sister named Klondike and Snow, who have lived together since their births in Denver in 1994, have been split up by allergies.
Snow had been suffering with chronic allergies at their SeaWorld Orlando home in Florida. She's moved, for health reasons, to a new home in Tucson at the Reid Park Zoo, where the dry climate should help.
Klondike and Snow were the darlings of Denver back in 1995, before being shipped to Florida in November of that year. . The pair were abandoned by their mom, Ulu, and staff at the Denver Zoo raised the cubs after their birth on Nov. 6, 1994.
They've basked in the Florida sun since, but the pair are now split.
Snow, who weighs about 500 pounds, was shipped to Tucson. They arrived yesterday, under the guidance of an Association of Zoos and Aquariums' Species Survival Plan.
SeaWorld's animal care team tried numerous treatments for Snow, but none seemed to provide long-term relief, the organization said in a media release.
Klondike will continue to make their home in Florida.
Meanwhile, the Denver Zoo has a pair of adult polar bears, Lee and Cranberry. It's a long, slow process, but Denver's two bears have been designated a “breeding pair” and local zoo officials hope to one day recapture the excitement that Klondike and Snow brought to the city.
By the way, Lee is the male, and Cranberry, the female.
Kieran Nicholson: 303-954-1822 or knicholson@denverpost.com
Illustration by Sue Lockwood
TC-39, the standards body that defines JavaScript, maintains a gigantic suite of tests for the language. The name of that test suite is Test262. When we started extending Test262 to cover brand-new language features, we knew we were in for some surprises.
Even so, we never could have anticipated the horrors we would uncover.
JavaScript is a powerful language. The abstractions it provides allows developers to express complex algorithms with a small amount of (usually readable) code. However, these language features can sometimes interact in strange ways. We saw this time and again in the 18 months since we started collaborating with the V8 team.
In this blog post, we have assembled some of the more bizarre tests we contributed–our own menagerie of delinquent code. All of it is valid JavaScript, being fully defined by the language specification, ECMA262. None of it would be accepted in a code review.
So today, I will be your tour guide through the grotesque corners of the language. Leave your scruples at the door, and if you have a heart condition, please consider sitting this one out.
The Sideshow
Exhibit #1: Destructuring & Generators
To begin, consider destructuring assignment (spec,MDN). Code like [x, y] = [1, 2] assigns the value 1 to x and 2 to y . Behind the scenes, the runtime retrieves an iterator for the [1, 2] array, and advances it for each “binding” ( x and y ), assigning the iterated value as it goes along.
It can get more complicated than that. Just like in non-destructuring assignment, the targets could themselves be complex expressions. Think [foo.bar] = [3] or even [baz["q" + "ux"]] = [4] . Depending on the result of those expressions, the iteration mentioned above could be interrupted. Our first exhibit demonstrates how messy this can be:
var returnCount = 0; var unreachable = 0; var iterable = {}; var iterator = { return: function() { returnCount += 1; return {}; } }; var iter, result; iterable[Symbol.iterator] = function() { return iterator; }; function* g() { [ {}[yield] ] = iterable; unreachable += 1; } iter = g(); iter.next(); result = iter.return(777); assert.sameValue(returnCount, 1); assert.sameValue(unreachable, 0, 'Unreachable statement was not executed'); assert.sameValue(result.value, 777); assert(result.done, 'Iterator correctly closed');
(source:language/expressions/assignment/dstr-array-elem-iter-rtrn-close.js)
Here, we have placed the destructuring assignment within a generator function (spec,MDN) and included a yield expression in a position that is evaluated during iteration. This allows us to interrupt the iteration right in the middle of things—we call the little-known iter.return() (spec,MDN) instead of iter.next() .
All of this allows us to assert the intended behavior when iteration is interrupted at this step. The call to return triggers the creation of a “return completion,” which is similar to a “throw completion” created by a throw statement (we have a test for that, too). The custom iterable allows us to observe the expected behavior.
They say, “beauty is in the eye of the beholder,” but you'd be hard-pressed to find anyone willing to stare at this thing for very long.
Exhibit #2: Tail Call Optimization & Tagged Templates
Sometimes called “TCO” for short, tail call optimization (spec,2ality) allows for recursive function calls to clean up after themselves before they are technically done executing. This occurs automatically for functions authored in the correct way, and it can be useful for computationally-expensive algorithms that use a “divide and conquer” strategy.
Here, we're making sure that the optimization occurs for functions invoked using ES2015's new “tagged template” feature (spec,MDN):
(function() { var finished = false; function getF() { return f; } function f(_, n) { if (n === 0) { finished = true; return; } return getF()`${n-1}`; } f(null, 100000); return finished; }());
(source:language/expressions/tagged-template/tco-call.js)
Just as there is no special syntax to enable TCO, there is no cut-and-dry way to ensure it is taking place. So in this test, we are ensuring that TCO is occurring by recursing a huge number of times. If the optimization is notenabled, this test will “fail” because the program will exhaust available memory resources and crash. This makes the test a little rude, but you can't expect good manners from a creature that has been forgotten by nature.
(By the way, the same implicitness that makes this test hard to read and write has prompted a larger discussionabout re-working this feature to require explicit syntax.)
Exhibit #3: Typed Arrays & Reflect
When you create a typed array (spec,MDN) from another typed array, generally you would expect the new one to be derived from the same class. For instance, new Int8Array(anotherInt8Array) produces a second Int8Array . The subtle truth is that the constructor to be used isactually defined by the NewTarget value (spec,MDN).
This distinction normally doesn't matter because most applications invoke constructors with the new keyword. Doing so sets the NewTarget value to the constructor, resulting in the behavior described by the Int8Array example above.
However! ES2015 introduces to Reflect API (spec,MDN), and Reflect.construct allows you to invoke a constructor with any arbitrary value for NewTarget. We're doing just that in the following test:
function newTarget() {} newTarget.prototype = null; var sample = new Int8Array(8); var ta = Reflect.construct(Int8Array, [sample], newTarget); assert.sameValue(ta.constructor, Int8Array); assert.sameValue(Object.getPrototypeOf(ta), Int8Array.prototype);
(source:built-ins/TypedArrays/typedarray-arg-use-default-proto-if-custom-proto-is-not-object.js)
“But wait!” you're saying, “The NewTarget value isn't being honored at all! ta ‘s prototype is still the Int8Array prototype.” Well, that's exactly the detail that landed this test in the sideshow. If, for whatever reason, the NewTarget value has a non-object prototype (as this one does), then the specification dictates the “active function” ( Int8Array here) should be used instead. Chilling.
We're about to enter the show's “Promise” tent. I hope you're ready, because this one has two separate exhibits.
Exhibit #4: Promises & Arrays
Promises (spec,MDN) are a powerful way to orchestrate asynchronous operations. One important method for managing these operations is Promise.all : it allows for defining what should happen once many operations complete successfully.
This is essentially a convenience method; it's something that JavaScript developers can write (and have written) on their own. The specification for its behavior reflects this because it uses a similar approach as a so-called “user land” version would.
Specifically: the method is expected to create an array of “resolution values,” and pass that array on to the internal Promise mechanism. Later, this array is itself interpreted as a resolution value. Because such values may represent further asynchronous operations (they're called “thenables” in that case), bizarre extensions to Array can trigger surprising results…
var value = {}; var nonThenable = []; var promise; nonThenable.then = null; promise = Promise.all(nonThenable); Object.defineProperty(Array.prototype, 'then', { get: function() { throw value; } }); promise.then(function() { $DONE('The promise should not be fulfilled.'); }, function(val) { if (val !== value) { $DONE('The promise should be rejected with the expected value.'); return; } $DONE(); });
(source:built-ins/Promise/all/resolve-poisoned-then.js)
We're passing an empty array to Promise.resolve because we aren't actually interested in control flow for this test. This is valid because the method follows the same basic steps regardless of the number of elements provided. It is still expected to create a completely new array and store that as a resolution value. (We've “nulled out” the then property of the nonThenable array to drive home the fact that the trouble starts with yet another unseenarray.)
When the time comes to resolve the promise, the runtime interprets this hidden array like any other resolution value. The runtime makes no special consideration for the fact that it created this array itself, so it begins by checking to see if the value is “thenable.” In this test, we've damaged the Array prototype with a “poisoned” then property—one that throws an error when accessed. That's why we expect the Promise to be rejected.
While it might not be easy to see why the runtime rejects this Promise, it's obvious why society has rejected this test.
Exhibit #5: Promises & …well, more Promises
One of the most powerful aspects of Promises is their ability to be “chained.” By resolving one Promise with another, we're able to schedule events to happen in series in a very natural way. (We saw some of the mechanics for this laid bare in the previous exhibit.)
Naively designed, this feature could enable disastrous bugs: if a Promise is resolved with a reference to itself, then the runtime could enter into an infinite loop. This sounds kind of abstract, but it's not really difficult to demonstrate:
// The arrow function is invoked asynchronously, *after* // the promise has been created and assigned to `p`. var p = Promise.resolve().then(() => p);
Luckily, ES2015 was not naively designed. There are specific guards in place for exactly this condition, so in the example above, the runtime calls the arrow function, recognizes that the return value is the same as the promise itself, and proceeds to reject p with a TypeError .
Promise.prototype.then has to be protected from this case because the provided callback is invoked asynchronously, after the promise has been created.
Compare this with Promise.resolve . This method synchronously creates a Promise that has been resolved with some value. At first glance, the “self-resolution” problem doesn't seem relevant here:
// The promise is created *before* the value is assigned to // `p1`, so this promise is resolved with the value `undefined`. var p1 = Promise.resolve(p1); // ...and unlike `Promise.prototype.then`, `Promise.resolve` // doesn't invoke function arguments, so this promise is // resolved with the arrow function (not its return value). var p2 = Promise.resolve(() => p2);
Believe it or not, Promise.resolve can return a Promise that has been resolved with itself. It just takes a little more effort:
var resolve, reject; var only = new Promise(function(_resolve, _reject) { resolve = _resolve; reject = _reject; }); var P = function(executor) { executor(resolve, reject); return only; }; Promise.resolve.call(P, only) .then(function() { $DONE('The promise should not be fulfilled.'); }, function(value) { if (!value) { $DONE('The promise should be rejected with a value.'); return; } if (value.constructor !== TypeError) { $DONE('The promise should be rejected with a TypeError instance.'); return; } $DONE(); });
(source:built-ins/Promise/resolve/resolve-self.js)
In order to demonstrate this behavior, we have to create a custom Promise constructor. This “constructor” returns a valid Promise instance, but it always returns the same Promise instance named only . So when we use that constructor as the “this” value for Promise.resolve (via Function.prototype.call —spec,MDN), Promise.resolve attempts to create a new Promise but winds up using the only Promise instance. Since we're also specifying the only promise as the resolution value, this triggers that same guard we saw above, resulting in the expected TypeError .
Okay, the Promises are getting anxious. We should move along.
Exhibit 6: Default Parameters & eval
One of the more radical additions in ES2015 is the default parameter (spec,MDN. I'm sure many would disagree, but I consider it so severe because it allows for arbitrary expressions in a completely novel position. When it comes to defining this feature, it's not enough to simply say, “You can write expressions here now, have fun.” The specification authors had to carefully consider all the implications, and they identified some surprising edge cases. Which, of course, we need to test.
Among the many things you might write in the position of a default parameter value is a direct eval (spec,MDN). This much-maligned feature has a unique property: it is an expression that can create a variable binding. This means that we need to define (and test) what happens when a default parameter itself creates a variable.
var x = 'outside'; var probe1, probe2, probeBody; (function( _ = (eval('var x = "inside";'), probe1 = function() { return x; }), __ = probe2 = function() { return x; } ) { probeBody = function() { return x; }; }()); assert.sameValue(probe1(), 'inside'); assert.sameValue(probe2(), 'outside'); assert.sameValue(probeBody(), 'outside');
(source:language/expressions/function/scope-param-elem-var-close.js)
The specification dictates that there should be a dedicated variable scope for the default parameter. It goes further to say that each parameter should haveits own variable scope. That's why in this test, we have defined both probe1 and probe2 ; only probe1 should “see” the x binding created by eval . Implementors who simply create a single scope shared by all parameters will not pass this test.
…and that concludes today's tour through the sideshow. If you're in the mood for more thrills, feel free to wander around at your heart's content.
The Value of Things in Cages
It can be fun to gawk at the peculiarities of a programming language (“Wat” by Gary Bernhardt being a favorite). But while a healthy sense of irony is a requirement for all programmers, this exhibition doesn't exist just to poke fun at JavaScript.
Many years ago, Bocoup's own Ben Alman wrote about the various idiosyncracies in try statements across browsers. Back then, it seemed all too easy for a bug to find its way into a web browser. Shortly after that, some major web site/library would come to depend on that behavior, and thenceforth the web platform would be stuck with the bug.
In Test262, we have a tool to automatically verify specification conformance with great precision. Not only that; the practice of writing tests for early-stage features often exposes errors and ambiguities in their design.
If this strange pageant is any indication, the test suite doesn't prevent monsters from finding their way into the language… but that isn't the goal. In aspiring to be a repository of all novel interactions, Test262 brings us closer to a world where every edge case is thoroughly understood and acceptedbefore it makes its way into our application code. Consider this post a celebration of the ever-improving web platform.
LITTLE ROCK, AR - An Alabama man is recovering from gunshot wounds suffered in a shootout with another man at a local gas station.
It happened around 9:30 this morning at 612 E. Roosevelt Rd. at the Exxon/I-30 Super Store.
The victim, 35, of Tuscaloosa, was driven away from the scene by a 21-year-old woman traveling with them and found soon after in the emergency room of a North Little Rock hospital. They were treated for at least 3 gunshot wounds to the right leg.
Two men who were working inside the business when it happened said the suspect had walked into the store but then turned around and started shooting from the doorway at the man who was standing outside a car at one of the gas pumps.
The victim, who told police they had a concealed carry permit, reached for a handgun and started shooting back. After being hit by the gunfire, they tried getting into their vehicle but then ran toward a nearby access road. The victim then collapsed in a grassy area and was immediately picked up by the woman and they sped away.
A woman parked at one of the other gas pumps told police they laid over their 4-year-old child when the shooting started. They reported a burning injury to their thigh and was examined by paramedics on the scene. It was not immediately known if they had been hit by a bullet fragment or a piece of debris from the shootout.
Surveillance camera recorded the incident. Police say it showed the incident happened just as the workers had described.
The woman traveling with the victim told police the pair had pulled into the gas station for gas and snacks when they noticed the man who shot at them looking at them They said their companion also noticed the man who then opened fire on them.
Police say investigators collected numerous shell casings inside the store and in the parking lot and also noted there was blood next to one of the gas pumps.
The suspect is described by police as a black man 20-30 years old who was wearing a dark shirt with pink on the back and black pants.
Late last month, I pondered the implications of a piece of research that was mentioned but not described in detail in a perspective piece in the January 4, 2013 issue of Science. [1] In its broad details, the research suggests that the comments that follow an online article about science -- and particularly the perceived tone of the comments, whether civil or uncivil -- can influence readers' assessment of the science described in the article itself.
Today, an article by Paul Basken at The Chronicle of Higher Education shares some more details of the study:
The study, outlined on Thursday at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, involved a survey of 2,338 Americans asked to read an article that discussed the risks of nanotechnology, which involves engineering materials at the atomic scale. Of participants who had already expressed wariness toward the technology, those who read the sample article—with politely written comments at the bottom—came out almost evenly split. Nearly 43 percent said they saw low risks in the technology, and 46 percent said they considered the risks high. But with the same article and comments that expressed the same reactions in a rude manner, the split among readers widened, with 32 percent seeing a low risk and 52 percent a high risk. “The only thing that made a difference was the tone of the comments that followed the story,” said a co-author of the study, Dominique Brossard, a professor of life-science communication at the University of Wisconsin at Madison. The study found “a polarization effect of those rude comments,” Ms. Brossard said. The study, conducted by researchers at Wisconsin and George Mason University, will be published in a coming issue of the Journal of Computer-Mediated Communication. It was presented at the AAAS conference during a daylong examination of how scientists communicate their work, especially online.
If you click through to read the article, you'll notice that I was asked for comment on the findings. As you may guess, I had more to say on the paper (which is still under embargo) and its implications than ended up in the article, so I'm sharing my extended thoughts here.
First, I think these results are useful in reassuring bloggers who have been moderating comments that what they are doing is not just permissible (moderating comments is not "censorship," since bloggers don't have the power of the state, and folks can find all sorts of places in the Internet to state their views if any given blog denies them a soapbox) but also reasonable. Blogging with comments enabled assumes more than transmission of information, it assumes a conversation, and what kind of conversation it ends up being depends on what kind of behavior is encouraged or forbidden, who feels welcome or alienated.
But, there are some interesting issues that the study doesn't seem to address, issues that I think can matter quite a lot to bloggers.
In the study, readers (lurkers) were reacting to factual information in an online posting plus the discourse about that article in the comments. As the study is constructed, it looks like that discourse is being shaped by commenters, but not by the author of the article. It seems likely to me (and worth further empirical study!) that comment sections in which the author is engaging with commenters -- not just responding to the questions they ask and the views they express, but also responding to the ways that they are interacting with other commenters and to their "tone" -- have a different impact on readers than comment sections where the author of the piece that is being discussed is totally absent from the scene. To put it more succinctly, comment sections where the author is present and engaged, or absent and disengaged, communicate information to lurkers, too.
Here's another issue I don't think the study really addresses: While blogs usually aim to communicate with lurkers as well as readers who post comments (and every piece of evidence I've been shown suggests that commenters tend to be a small proportion of readers), most are aiming to reach a core audience that is narrower than "everyone in the world with an internet connection".
Sometimes what this means is that bloggers are speaking to an audience that finds comment sections that look unruly and contentious to be welcoming, rather than alienating. This isn't just the case for bloggers seeking an audience that likes to debate or to play rough.
Some blogs have communities that are intentionally uncivil towards casual expressions of sexism, racism, homophobia, etc. Pharyngula is a blog that has taken this approrach, and just yesterday Chris Clarke posted a statement on "civility" there that leads with a commitment "not to fetishize civility over justice." Setting the rules of engagement between bloggers and posters this way means that people in groups especially affected by sexism, racism, homophobia, etc., have a haven in the blogosphere where they don't have to waste time politely defending the notion that they are fully human, too (or swallowing their anger and frustration at having their humanity treated as a topic of debate). Yes, some people find the environment there alienating -- but the people who are alienated by unquestioned biases in most other quarters of the internet (and the physical world, for that matter) are the ones being consciously welcomed into the conversation at Pharyngula, and those who don't like the environment can find another conversation. It's a big blogosphere. That not every potential reader does not feel perfectly comfortable at a blog, in other words, is not proof that the blogger is doing it wrong.
So, where do we find ourselves?
We're in a situation where lots of people are using online venues like blogs to communicate information and viewpoints in the context of a conversation (where readers can actively engage as commenters). We have a piece of research indicating that the tenor of the commenting (as perceived by lurkers, readers who are not commenting) can communicate as much to readers as the content of the post that is the subject of the comments. And we have lots of questions still unanswered about what kinds of engagement will have what kinds of effect on what kinds or readers (and how reliably). What does this mean for those of us who blog?
I think what it means is that we have to be really reflective about what we're trying to communicate, who we're trying to communicate it to, and how our level of visible engagement (or disengagement) in the conversation might make a difference. We have to acknowledge that we have information that's gappy at best about what's coming across to the lurkers, and attentive to ways to get more feedback about how successfully we're communicating what we're trying to communicate. We have to recognize that, given all we don't know, we may want to shift our strategies for blogging and engaging commenters, especially if we come upon evidence that they're not working the way we thought they were.
* * * * *
In the interests of spelling out the parameters of the conversation I'd like to have here, let me note that whether or not you like the way Pharyngula sets a tone for conversations is off topic here. You are, however, welcome to share in the comments here what you find makes you feel more or less welcome to engage with online postings, whether as a commenter or a lurker.
_____
[1] Dominique Brossard and Dietram A. Scheufele, “Science, New Media, and the Public.” Science 4 January 2013:Vol. 339, pp. 40-41.
DOI: 10.1126/science.1160364
It took just 90 seconds, in a powerful show of unity, for the EU-27 to adopt summit conclusions on Brexit on Friday (20 October).
They told the UK there had been progress in talks, but said negotiations on trade and other future relations will only start once more headway had been made on divorce issues - citizens' rights, the Irish border, and a financial settlement.
German chancellor Merkel (l), EU negotiator Barnier (c), and French president Macron (r) at the beginning of the EU-27 meeting at the EU summit (Photo: Council of the European Union)
They said the EU would start "internal preparatory discussions" for the second phase of negotiations.
This would enable them to adopt additional guidelines at their next December summit on how to conduct that second step.
The UK had initially hoped that EU leaders would give the green light on trade talks already on Friday, but lack of detail on how much the UK was willing to pay on its past EU commitments killed off that prospect.
"We would hope that we will be ready by December to initiate phase two, but this depends to a large extent on Great Britain preparing progress to such an extent that we can call it sufficient. The topic of financial commitment is the dominating issue in that regard," German chancellor Angela Merkel told reporters after Friday's meeting.
"We're not halfway there yet," French president Emmanuel Macron insisted. "A lot of work remains to be done" on the UK financial commitments.
Coffee talk
Leaders were unmoved by British prime minister Theresa May's intervention during the informal dinner on Thursday night.
Over coffee, May pleaded with fellow leaders to agree to a Brexit deal that they can defend at home, an EU source said.
They told the 27 leaders the UK was committed to the security and defence of Europe, and that an agreement on citizens' rights was within reach.
Florence 'not my last word'?
According to an EU official, May also said on the financial settlement, which is the main stumbling block in talks, that "my last word was not said in Florence."
May said last month in a speech in Italy that no EU member states should worry about getting less or having to pay more into the current EU budget, and that the UK would honour commitments made during its EU membership.
"We are going through them line by line," they told press about the financial commitments.
Despite pleas from the EU to clarify what the UK was willing to pay as part of the divorce settlement, May appeared to have stuck to the UK position which sees the money as a kind of "investment" for future EU market access.
"The full and final settlement will come as part of the final agreement that we are getting in relation to the future partnership," May told reporters.
As happened before in earlier summits, no EU leader spoke or asked questions after May's intervention at Thursday's dinner.
Unmoved
The 27 leaders then met on Friday without May and were joined by EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier.
They were not moved by May's five minute-long plea.
"It was the most candid, the most forthcoming speech that May has delivered so far on the Brexit issue … I think it will not change the assessment today," Maltese prime minister Joseph Muscat said Friday about the British PM's intervention over coffee the night before.
The Lithuanian president, reflecting on May's comments, said words were nice, but not enough.
"Still we are caged in some kind of rhetoric negotiations in the media … It is time to start real negotiations," Dalia Grybauskaite said, arriving on the second day of the European Council.
Irish PM Leo Varadkar said May's speech at the summit was "very good, very positive", but details were still needed.
On Northern Ireland, May acknowledged the issue needs specific solutions, and they pledged that no physical infrastructure should be added at the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Danish prime minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen also emphasised that the Florence speech needed to be "moved" into the negotiating room.
"I will not say anything on Brexit, because there is nothing to say." EU Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker said curtly.
Deadlock?
For their part, the European Council chief tried to diffuse tensions by telling reporters the schism between the UK and EU was not as bad as it seemed.
"My impression is that reports of deadlock between EU and UK are exaggerated," Donald Tusk said Friday, adding that they are a bit more optimistic than Michel Barnier, the official EU Commission Brexit negotiator, who said last week negotiations are in a "deadlock."
"Internal preparations" for adopting additional guidelines to allow Barnier to negotiate on a future and trade deal, and possible transition arrangement, will officially start now.
Tusk said that the preparations will take into account proposals from the UK.
The Commission will have to make a proposal on the additional guidelines for the EU-27 to adopt.
Internal discussions and scoping on such a deal have already started within the EU institutions.
SEOUL, South Korea – South Korean maritime police on Wednesday withdrew divers after they failed to find at least four people believed to be trapped inside a Chinese fishing boat that capsized and killed at least one passenger near a small island off South Korea's southwest coast.
It was now up to Chinese coast guardsmen who arrived at the scene late in the afternoon to decide whether to continue with the search and rescue efforts or tow the boat away, according to an official from the Ministry of Public Safety and Security. They spoke on condition of anonymity, citing office rules.
Four people were rescued by nearby Chinese fishing boats, and South Korean divers hours later saved another passenger, who was conscious and able to talk. Another man pulled earlier by South Korean divers was pronounced dead.
Four other passengers are believed to be inside the boat, which wasn't approved by South Korean authorities to fish in the country's waters, the official said. Weather conditions made it difficult for South Korean divers to search the boat and the possibility of the remaining four passengers being alive was considered low, they said.
An official from maritime police in the port city of Mokpo, who also didn't want to be named, said the boat was being towed by other Chinese vessels over unspecified problems when it rolled over 85 kilometres (52 miles) northwest of Gageo island. The other vessels kept the boat from fully submerging until South Korean rescuers arrived, they said.
The accident occurred not far from a spot where a ferry sank in 2014 and killed more than 300 people, mostly teenagers on a school trip, in what was the country's largest maritime disaster in decades.
Chinese fishing boats have been going farther afield to feed growing domestic demand for seafood as catches decrease in waters close to China's shores. South Korea's maritime police seized about 570 Chinese ships last year for illegal fishing, according to the ministry.
Looking to spice up your “Marvel Puzzle Quest” roster with some classic Spider-Man villains? Well you don't get much more classic than Doctor Octopus with a bowl cut and it just so happens they and their tentacles get the 5-Star treatment later this week. We talked to D3 Go! Producer Josh Austin about the maniacal scientist's upgrade and what players can expect from Otto Octavius, one of Spidey's most dogged nemeses.
Marvel.com: Why the sudden Doc Ock love? Don't get me wrong, I'm a fan of the man, but what was the impetus behind their 5-Star treatment?
Josh Austin: I am sensing it may be a big summer for Spider-Man and company. So why not a well-known villain like Doctor Octopus to start it off with a fun nod to their classic bowl cut look?
Marvel.com: Doc Ock 3-Star is all about using their opponent's strengths against them. What kind of villain were you trying to create with the new Octavius?
Josh Austin: This version of Doc Ock is a lot of fun with the science aspect of their character. That mixed with the inventive use of their tentacles helping to continue the attack even when he's stunned, helps make this variation stand out from the 3-Star version.
Marvel.com: Let's get down to the nitty gritty and talk about their abilities. What sort of deviousness do they have in store for theirs enemies?
Josh Austin: The first power is called Superior Science and it costs 10 Black AP. For this power Doctor Octopus works on a new invention, grabbing hostages, forcing them to work before tossing them away. This power stuns the target and creates a Countdown tile. While on the board, it stuns the target each turn. When it expires, the target takes damage and it creates Strike tiles.
The second power is called Tentacles and costs eight Blue AP to have Doc Ock's tentacles lashing out constantly. If they have fewer than four on the board, Doc Ock creates a Tentacle tile. Then they deal damage for each Tentacle tile they control. This power also has a Passive that triggers at the start of each turn. If Doctor Octopus is stunned, their tentacles make a match for their team for each Tentacle tile they control.
The last power costs 13 Green AP and is called Cunning Scheme. Doctor Octopus generously creates a nuclear reactor to power the city, but secretly rigs it to blow. Place a 10-turn Nuclear Reactor Countdown tile on the board that deals damage to each enemy.
The power then becomes Phase 2 and costs eight Green AP. Doctor Octopus's generator powers hospitals. Upgrade the Nuclear Reactor tile to give a burst of health to each friendly character each turn. This power also has a Passive ability that if the reactor is matched it gains 11 Green AP. If it's destroyed, this power becomes Cunning Scheme. After using the eight Green AP this power then becomes Phase 3.
Now when this power becomes Phase 3, it costs six Green AP. This power upgrades the Nuclear Reactor tile so that it deals damage to each enemy each turn. There is a Passive that if the Reactor is matched it [gains] 14 Green AP and if it's destroyed, this power becomes Cunning Scheme again. If the player is able to spend the six Green AP, this power becomes Final Phase.
Final Phase is a Passive! All their work has led Doctor Octopus to this perfect moment. If Doc Ock's Nuclear Reactor is matched away when its timer reaches “1,” they win the battle! If Doc Ock's Nuclear Reactor is matched at another time, gain 18 Green AP. If it's destroyed, this power becomes Cunning Scheme.
Marvel.com: So if I read this right, Doc Ock can wipe out the entire enemy team, boss Galactus style, with their Nuclear Reactor tile? That's wild!
Josh Austin: That is correct! It's a pretty complicated villainous scheme, but once it's fully executed Doctor Octopus wins the match outright. What's great about this complicated power is that it feels just like an actual villain's plot to take down a superhero; it's complicated and takes a while to get going just like all the villians do in the comics. The only missing part is a long monologue from Doctor Octopus!
Marvel.com: And he's not too bad at incapacitating the other team so they can't fight their Superior Science. Thor (Goddess of Thunder) feels like they would make a great teammate with that three-turn stun of hers. Anyone else come to mind?
Josh Austin: The teammates that the team recommends are characters that can protect or activate their Countdown tiles including Green Goblin (Norman Osborn), Hawkeye (Clint Barton), Sam Wilson (Captain America), and Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers). Of course rounding the team out with someone that can generate Green AP will help tremendously; this includes Jean Grey (All-New X-Men), Drax (The Destroyer), and Invisible Woman (Classic).
Marvel.com: I really like that their tentacles can do work for him, even if stunned! I just wanted to let the design team know it's a super cool ability that gets to the heart of Doc Ock's character.
Josh Austin: Thank you so much! The team has been doing a great job of adding characters and events lately to change things up. The team has been hard at work at continuously finding new ways to add to this game that [keep] it fun and competitive each year. And I agree, the new Doctor Octopus Tentacle tile and their devastating Cunning Scheme power are great additions to “Marvel Puzzle Quest”!
Marvel.com: When can we utilize Octavius' nefarious intellect for ourselves?
Josh Austin: Doctor Octopus (Classic) 5-Star will be available on June 1. The 5-Star cover store will be available to get Doctor Octopus (Classic) with increased odds. Doctor Octopus will be featured in the Webbed Wonder event that starts on June 1 with their new art added into the event. The player will still get a Howard cover and will also be able to get a Token for the 5-Star Doc Ock Cover store. Doctor Octopus (Classic) will then be added to the Latest Legends store June 19.
Grab a hold of Doctor Octopus' tentacles here and stay tuned to Marvel.com for more “Marvel Puzzle Quest” news and interviews.
PRINCETON, NJ -- The 41% of Americans who now identify themselves as "pro-choice" is down from 47% last July and is one percentage point below the previous record low in Gallup trends, recorded in May 2009. Fifty percent now call themselves "pro-life," one point shy of the record high, also from May 2009.
Gallup began asking Americans to define themselves as pro-choice or pro-life on abortion in 1995, and since then, identification with the labels has shifted from a wide lead for the pro-choice position in the mid-1990s, to a generally narrower lead for "pro-choice" -- from 1998 through 2008 -- to a close division between the two positions since 2009. However, in the last period, Gallup has found the pro-life position significantly ahead on two occasions, once in May 2009 and again today. It remains to be seen whether the pro-life spike found this month proves temporary, as it did in 2009, or is sustained for some period.
Decline in "Pro-Choice" Views Seen Across Partisan Groups
The decline in Americans' self-identification as "pro-choice" is seen across the three U.S. political groups.
Since 2001, the majority of Republicans have consistently taken the pro-life position, but by a gradually increasing margin over "pro-choice." That gap expanded further this year, with the percentage of Republicans identifying as pro-life increasing to 72% from 68% last May, and those identifying as pro-choice dropping to 22% from 28%. Still, Republicans' current views are similar to those found in 2009.
The percentage of political independents identifying as pro-choice is 10 points lower today than in May 2011, while the percentage pro-life is up by six points. As a result, pro-lifers now outnumber pro-choicers among this important swing political group for only the second time since 2001, with the first occurring in 2009.
More broadly, since 2009, independents have been fairly closely divided between the two abortion positions, whereas for most of the 2001-2008 period, significantly more independents were pro-choice than pro-life.
Democrats' views on abortion have changed the least over the past 12 years, with roughly 60% calling themselves pro-choice and about a third pro-life. Democrats' identification as pro-choice was above this range in May 2011, but has returned to about 60% in the current poll.
The shift in abortion views over the past year is not due to a change in the political composition of the samples. In the May 2-6, 2012, Values and Beliefs poll, 47% of respondents are Democrats or lean Democratic, while 41% are Republican or lean Republican. This is similar to the partisan composition of the May and July 2011 surveys, which showed a close division between pro-life and pro-choice Americans.
Views About Morality and Legality of Abortion Hold Steady
While Americans' identification as "pro-choice" has waned over the past year, their fundamental views about the morality and legality of abortion have held steady. Half of Americans, 51%, consider abortion morally wrong and 38% say it is morally acceptable -- nearly identical to the results in May 2011.
Gallup's longest-running measure of abortion views, established in 1975, asks Americans if abortion should be legal in all circumstances, legal only under certain circumstances, or illegal in all circumstances. Since 2001, at least half of Americans have consistently chosen the middle position, saying abortion should be legal under certain circumstances, and the 52% saying this today is similar to the 50% in May 2011. The 25% currently wanting abortion to be legal in all cases and the 20% in favor of making it illegal in all cases are also similar to last year's findings.
Bottom Line
Since 2009, Americans have been closely divided in their identification with the labels most commonly used by each side of the abortion debate, although twice in that time period, including today, the percentage identifying as pro-life has been significantly higher than the pro-choice percentage. This represents a clear shift from 2001 to 2008, when Gallup most often found pro-choice adherents in the plurality.
Abortion has been the focal point of some prominent news stories in the past year, including congressional efforts to eliminate federal funding for Planned Parenthood because of its abortion services, as well as to investigate Planned Parenthood's financial practices. There was also a widely reported controversy over the Susan G. Komen for the Cure cancer foundation's temporary decision to suspend grants to Planned Parenthood pending the outcome of that congressional investigation. And the ongoing conflict between the U.S. Roman Catholic Church and the Obama administration over mandated health insurance for contraception is partially related to abortion, in that the church contends that some forms of contraception can halt the development of a fertilized egg.
Whether any of these controversies is related to the shift in Americans' identification as pro-choice or pro-life is not clear. However, it is notable that while Americans' labeling of their position has changed, their fundamental views on the issue have not. If the advantage for the "pro-life" position persists in future Gallup updates on abortion, these would seem to be important factors to look at to help explain the shift in labeling.
Upcoming Gallup reports will explore Americans' 2012 views on abortion in greater depth, including looking at trends by gender, age, and other demographic variables.
Survey Methods Results for this Gallup poll are based on telephone interviews conducted May 3-6, 2012 with a random sample of 1,024 adults, aged 18 and older, living in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. For results based on the total sample of national adults, one can say with 95% confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points. Interviews are conducted with respondents on landline telephones and cellular phones, with interviews conducted in Spanish for respondents who are primarily Spanish-speaking. Each sample includes a minimum quota of 400 cell phone respondents and 600 landline respondents per 1,000 national adults, with additional minimum quotas among landline respondents by region. Landline telephone numbers are chosen at random among listed telephone numbers. Cell phone numbers are selected using random-digit-dial methods. Landline respondents are chosen at random within each household on the basis of which member had the most recent birthday. Samples are weighted by gender, age, race, Hispanic ethnicity, education, region, adults in the household, and phone status (cell phone only/landline only/both, cell phone mostly, and having an unlisted landline number). Demographic weighting targets are based on the March 2011 Current Population Survey figures for the aged 18 and older non-institutionalized population living in U.S. telephone households. All reported margins of sampling error include the computed design effects for weighting and sample design. In addition to sampling error, question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls. View methodology, full question results, and trend data.
For more details on Gallup's polling methodology, visit www.gallup.com.
One of the new features in C99 was tgmath.h , the type-generic mathematics library. (See section 7.22 of n1256.) This added ad-hoc polymorphism for a subset of the library, but C99 offered no way for programmers to write their own type-generic macros in standard C.
In C11 the language acquired the _Generic() generic selection operator. (See section 6.5.1.1 of n1570.) This is effectively a type-directed switch expression. It can be used to implement APIs like tgmath.h using standard C.
(The weird spelling with an underscore and capital letter is because that part of the namespace is reserved for future language extensions.)
When const is ugly
It can often be tricky to write const-correct code in C, and retrofitting constness to an existing API is much worse.
There are some fearsome examples in the standard library. For instance, strchr() is declared:
char *strchr(const char *s, int c);
(See section 7.24.5.2 of n1570.)
That is, it takes a const string as an argument, indicating that it doesn't modify the string, but it returns a non-const pointer into the same string. This hidden de-constifying cast allows strchr() to be used with non-const strings as smoothly as with const strings, since in either case the implicit type conversions are allowed. But it is an ugly loop-hole in the type system.
Parametric constness
It would be much better if we could write something like,
const<A> char *strchr(const<A> char *s, int c);
where const<A> indicates variable constness. Because the same variable appears in the argument and return types, those strings are either both const or both mutable.
When checking the function definition, the compiler would have to treat parametric const<A> as equivalent to a normal const qualifier. When checking a call, the compiler allows the argument and return types to be const or non-const, provided they match where the parametric consts indicate they should.
But we can't do that in standard C.
Or can we?
When I mentioned this idea on Twitter a few days ago, Joe Groff said " _Generic to the rescue", so I had to see if I could make it work.
Example: strchr()
Before wrapping a standard function with a macro, we have to remove any existing wrapper. (Standard library functions can be wrapped by default!)
#ifdef strchr #undef strchr #endif
Then we can create a replacement macro which implements parametric constness using _Generic() .
#define strchr(s,c) _Generic((s), \ const char * : (const char *)(strchr)((s), (c)), \ char * : (strchr)((s), (c)))
The first line says, look at the type of the argument s .
The second line says, if it is a const char * , call the function strchr and use a cast to restore the missing constness.
The third line says, if it is a plain char * , call the function strchr leaving its return type unchanged from char * .
The (strchr)() form of call is to avoid warnings about attempts to invoke a macro recursively.
void example(void) { const char *msg = "hello, world
"; char buf[20]; strcpy(buf, msg); strchr(buf, ' ')[0] = '\0'; strchr(msg, ' ')[0] = '\0'; strchr(10,20); }
In this example, the first call to strchr is always OK.
The second call typically fails at runtime with the standard strchr , but with parametric constness you get a compiled time error saying that you can't modify a const string.
Without parametric constness the third call gives you a type conversion warning, but it still compiles! With parametric constness you get an error that there is no matching type in the _Generic() macro.
Conclusion
That is actually pretty straightforward, which is nice.
Capture the
Full Story Get more out of your trip by documenting your memories with our iOS app and website. Bonjournal helps you collect all the moments, stories and photos of your journey into a single, beautiful narrative:
The Ultimate
Keepsake Share your travel experiences with loved ones via Facebook, Twitter and email, or have them follow you along your journey. You can also export your journals as PDFs to cherish them forever:
The Adventure
Begins Sign up for a free account today and enjoy these additional features: Simple and timeless interface maintains focus on your stories
Privacy lock for more personal moments
Journal maps show visited locations from your trip
Share with anyone -- our responsive website looks great on any device
Follow your friends, and let their experiences be your guide when you're trip planning
Explore the adventures of fellow travel enthusiasts
Bonjournal
for iOS Now you can create beautiful travel journals offline! Our iOS app looks and works just like our website, even without internet connection.
Waiting for the Android app? Use our site on your mobile browser for now, and we'll update you on our progress!
As featured on Macworld
I've read through all of the submissions for the character design contest and I've selected the winners!
I learned something about myself: I'm really bad at judging contests. I had a clear favorite, but I struggled picking a second and third place winner. So, I decided to just pick 3 second-place winners. I'm perfectly happy to cut out a few magic items I created to accommodate these extra second-place winners.
First Place: Vyarra
Vyarra is a monstrous character that's just dripping with lore. Them backstory includes ample worldbuilding material for the GM, and I was particularly delighted by the lore surrounding the scales. On a mechanical level, the traits fit the character perfectly. I was especially impressed with the item Opalescent Scales that have Flashy and Camouflage, two item traits that would normally be incompatible.
What Vyarra Wins: Vyarra will appear in the book as a sample character. This includes a custom character portrait, a character backstory, and the build.
Second Place Tie: Oyuki
Oyuki's backstory is tragic and haunting, which fits the character build perfectly. I really liked the parallel between Oyuki and ice, both of which are beautiful, cold, and dangerous. I also really liked the combination of Fey Beauty and Gorgon's Gaze to drive home the idea of supernatural beauty.
Second Place Tie: Jacqueline Edurne, Cryomechantic Engineer
As a GM, I would be really excited to read this backstory because of all of the juicy worldbuilding material it offers me. Them story fits the Arctic contest theme perfectly, and I was tickled by all of the technobabble.
Second Place Tie: Saint Bernard (note that the sheet has 2 tabs, 1 for each form)
I liked the contrast of a priest worshiping a sun god on an frozen mountain peak. I liked how the Transformation conditions were completely out of the player's control, which would lead to interesting gameplay. Also, who wouldn't like to group with a religious saint Bernard that heals your wounds with sloppy dog kisses?
What They Win: Each submitter will be able to work with me to create a magic item entry that will appear in the book. Each entry will include custom art.
Right now, more than fifty thousand people on a Twitch channel are trying to control a trainer in Pokémon Red. Collectively, they've acquired seven gym badges, which means that the end of the game is near. Great! Except not everyone watches is interested in helping to make progress in the game.
Sure, there are trolls—most recently, this weekend, a streamer named Destiny tried to get their followers to go Twitch Plays Pokémon and have them release Pigeot, the most powerful critter in Twitch Plays Pokémon's party. But not everyone watches/attacking the stream appears to be human, as ridiculous as that may sound. Some of the folks "tuning in" to Twitch Plays Pokémon are bots, and their purpose, as far as we can tell, is mostly to try to throw things off.
If you have a keen eye, maybe you've noticed something fishy in the blazing-fast Twitch chat on the side of the Twitch Plays Pokémon stream.
"If you watch, you will sometimes see a lot of users with gibberish names pressing the same button at the same time," Sidney Carr, proprietor of the Google doc monitoring overall progress on the stream, told me in an email. Anyone that's familiar with the internet knows that spambots can sometimes don nonsense names—it's pretty easy to pick out a spambot over a real person. Wouldn't you raise an eyebrow at someone with the username "8_1337_689_1337_8", for example? Especially if that user also happens to be one of the top spammers on the channel? "I even remember seeing a user named 'Downbot', who couldn't even bother to hide the fact that they were trying to hijack command," Carr continued. Personally, I've occasionally noticed a bevy of users with nonsense names all spam a direction suddenly. It's rare, but it happens.
Advertisement
Here's what we can concretely tell you about the bots. People have, at the very least, made scripts which allow you continually spam a command without having to be at the computer...
Tools like this one allow you to enter specific text to spam into the chat, as well as dictate how often you want to spam something. In a situation where pressing "down" even just once—like in the famous "ledge incident"—can throw off progress, something like this could potentially be devastating in the wrong hands. On the other hand, spamming "B" was an accepted and even encouraged action during the "Start9 riots", which was when unhappy Twitch users tried their best to get the stream stuck on the start menu. Spamming "B" in that case would take players out of the start menu—which is good!
Advertisement
Regardless of how these spam scripts are being used, it's clear that people are using them.
"When we were stuck in Pallet Town, many people noticed there was an unusual amount of 'down' presses keeping us from leaving Pallet and Route 1," Sanky, the proprietor of the website that monitors all the commands sent on Twitch Plays Pokémon, told me over email. Logging all the button presses in the Twitch Plays Pokémon is useful—Sanky can tell when something is being spammed. Sometimes, the way in which things are spammed can be telling.
"[A user named] Xkeeper discovered that there were numerous people spamming ' down' (notice the space). As opposed to 'down,' a normal person wouldn't usually type it, but suddenly there were hundreds of people who did.
Advertisement
"So I made this nifty graph, comparing ' down,' 'down' (regular down from trolls), and 'up':
(This is messages per two minutes)
"Look at the red line. Compared to the green line (which is people trying to progress), it's surprisingly consistent...this is pretty definitive proof, backed by the fact that an unusual ' down' message was being consistently spammed about 100 times per minute," Sanky explained. The reasoning here is that a normal human being wouldn't be able to be so consistent in how they spam Twitch Plays Pokémon—not without a script or a bot, anyway. Thankfully, nobody seems to have figured out a way to use bots to take over the game—bots are present, and they may be trying to sabotage things, but for the most part, well-intentioned humans seem to be playing.
Advertisement
We reached out to Twitch to inquire about bots—whether or not there has been a notable increase in fake accounts, and what sorts of measures, if any, are being taken to deal with spammers and bots. Here's what they had to say:
The channel owner of TPP contacted Twitch this morning in regards to odd gameplay behavior based on chat. We quickly investigated and identified a number of bot accounts scripted to influence the game. Because bots are not permitted per our terms of service, our team expeditiously banned the bot accounts en masse.
Despite this, there are still a number of spammers on the channel, not all of which appear human...but more importantly, it's clear is that in spite of elaborate efforts to halt or derail progress, Twitch players have managed to overcome every obstacle they've come across—and that's amazing.
Advertisement
(Top Image: purplemew)
Vanity Fair‘s Tina Brown has a juicy scoop for us, and this time, it comes in the form of a book.
The former editor-in-chief of the Condé Nast magazine will publish The Vanity Fair Diaries in November, Henry Holt and Company announced Thursday. The text comes from the British editor's daily diaries that they kept during their eight years at the magazine and will cover the inner workings of Vanity Fair and Condé Nast in the '80s, Brown's journey to the top as a woman in a male-dominated atmosphere, and their personal life with husband Sir Harold Evans — a British newspaper editor — and their two children. Expect stories about Vanity Fair scoops on Hollywood and A-list celebrities and the magazine's most famous covers.
“I picked up the diaries for the first time in ages because I was thinking of writing a book about the era,” Brown said in a statement. “To my astonishment, I found I'd already written one. I rediscovered how madcap those days were — how chancy, how new, how supercharged.”
Stephen Rubin, Holt's president and publisher, said in a statement, “Tina's book will paint an intimate, incendiary portrait of that flashy time — a gilded, giddy decade. She'll also spill some dirt on some of the flamboyant explosions around her, many of which they ignited herself. This will be a tell-all for the centuries.”
Rubin bought world English rights to the book from Ed Victor of Ed Victor Ltd. Literary Agency in New York and London. Gillian Blake, Holt's editor-in-chief, will edit.
Los Angeles has long been something of a solar underperformer, given its size and sunny clime. The group Environment California reported that as of late 2011, despite being nearly three times larger than San Diego, LA had less installed solar capacity (37 megawatts to 36 MW) and fewer installations (4,507 to 4,018) than its neighbor to the south. And a 2011 UCLA study found that the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power was generating less than one-sixth as much solar power per customer as state leader Southern California Edison.
But the city has been taking action to step up its solar game, revamping a broken rebate program and sticking its toe into the feed-in tariff waters with a 10 MW solar pilot program. Now the LADWP is dramatically expanding that feed-in tariff, approving a 100-megawatt program that's being called be “the largest urban rooftop solar program of its kind in the nation.”
A feed-in tariff has been the major tool for Germany in becoming the world's solar leader. A FIT works by guaranteeing solar power producers a profitable price for the electricity their systems produce. In LA, the Department of Water and Power will offer 17-cent-per-kilowatt-hour contracts for projects at least 30-kilowatts in size (the equivalent of about six typical home rootftop systems), up to a total of 20 megawatts of new installed power every six month.
The program could become even larger in the near future; DWP said in in March it will entertain a lant to add another 50 megawatts to the FIT.
In addition to clean-sourced electricity, advocates say the FIT will be a jobs creator for LA.
“The full 150-megawatt program will be a major economic driver for Los Angeles, creating 4,500 jobs and generating a half-billion dollar in economic activity at full scale, while also eliminating 2.25 million tons of carbon dioxide emissions by 2016,” the DWP said.
Still, as admirable as these moves by LA are, the city has a long way to go in making solar a significant part of its power equation. As Southern California clean-energy blogger Chris Clarke noted, “LADWP can deliver around 7,200 megawatts of power to its customers, meaning that a 100-megawatt FiT, when fully subscribed, will account for less than 1.4 percent of the utility's generating capacity.”
If you're looking forward to the newest Elder Scrolls game, you may have a long wait ahead of you.
Now that Fallout 4 is nearing the completion of its DLC, Bethesda fans are thinking of one thing: a new Elder Scrolls game. While there will certainly be another game in the series, it may be some time before we see it come to fruition, according to comments made by Bethesda's Todd Howard.
Speaking to IGN's Geoff Keighley, Howard said that the next Elder Scrolls game was "kind of like the elephant in the room always when we talk about anything. And I think it's good in these moments to tell our fans, 'Yes, of course we are. It's something we love.' But it is-you know, I have to be careful what I say-it's a very long way off."
Also interesting was Howard's statement that the company is working on two other projects. "And we actually have two other large projects we're also doing that are bigger than anything we've done," Howard said. "People will probably hear about those probably even before Elder Scrolls VI. And that'll make sense many years from now."
It's no surprise that there's another game in the Elder Scrolls series being discussed. After all, it's one of the most successful series in the history of the industry, and Bethesda won't let that go. I'm just curious as to what those two other projects could be.
national
Suspected ISI agent Javed Mozawala signed up for the party's youth wing eight months ago after Rahul Gandhi's mass membership drive for the Indian Youth Congress
Suspected ISI agent Javed Mozawala signed up for the party's youth wing eight months ago after Rahul Gandhi's mass membership drive for the Indian Youth Congress
Rahul Gandhi's impassioned exhorts to youngsters to join the Indian Youth Congress (IYC) a few months back found resonance in some unlikely quarters too.They managed to inspire an alleged mole from the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) to climb aboard the Grand Old Party's youth wing.Eight months ago, Gandhi had appealed to the country's youth to join the IYC to boost their supporter base. Following their entreaty, lakhs of youngsters had signed up for membership of the party's youth chapter.As it turns out, one of them was Javed Abdul Gafoor Mozawala (28), recently arrested by the Mumbai Crime Branch on charges of forgery, spying on the country and violating the Official Secrets Act.Mozawala reportedly enrolled themselves from ward number 222 in south Mumbai."A total of 1,390 youth joined the Congress Party from ward number 222 eight months back.Among them, Mozawala had also filled a membership form," said a youth leader from south Mumbai, on condition of anonymity.Sources from the party told MiD DAY that they were sponsored by Naved Shaikh, son of oil mafioso Mohammad Ali Shaikh, allegedly a Dawood Ibrahim aide arrested for the murder of diesel don Chand Madar.Naved has spent around Rs 25 lakh in the way of membership fees for various aspiring members including Mozawala.The idea was to ascend the ladder and become a party suzerain by initiating as many youngsters as possible into the youth wing.But, Naved was kicked out of the party after their father's alleged underworld links were exposed.Mumbai Crime Branch officials arrested Mozawala on December 10 from their residence at Infinity Tower in Mazgaon.He was produced in the Killa Court yesterday where Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate V V Bambarde remanded them to police custody until December 22.Mozawala alleged in court that they had been subjected to third-degree torture by cops during interrogation.According to the police, Mozawala, an alleged close associate of Chhota Shakeel, had been relaying sensitive information to two Pakistani diplomats on deputation at the Pakistani High Command in Delhi.The Crime Branch has recorded the statements of Mozawala's confederates Munir Khan and Fakir Ali as well. Both attested to the fact that Mozawala is an ISI accessory.Mozawala's brother, Asif, and their wife, however, rubbished the allegations.Javed Juneza, Congress president, Mumbadevi constituency, said, "I don't know the details but I believe they could have enrolled in the party's youth wing through open membership."
Adidas
Portland Trail Blazers point guard Damian Lillard may be in only their third NBA season, but the Weber State product has proved themselves as one of the most clutch players in the league. He's averaging 22.2 points per game to go with 6.3 assists and 4.8 rebounds. Lillard is a monster on the court, and their talent is unquestioned.
As such, Adidas has honored them with their first signature shoe.
Introducing the D Lillard 1.
Let's get right to it. Here's the shoe from the side, front and back:
Adidas
This infographic breaks down the technology:
Adidas
The original logo carries some inside meaning. Adidas lays it out:
•The all-new D Lillard logo is comprised of a D and an L fusing together to create a "0."
•D: represents Damian's first name.
•L: represents Damian's last name and family.
•0: Damian's number on the court, which they chose to symbolize the letter "O" for the three places he's called home: Oakland, California; Ogden, Utah; and Oregon.
•A wing made of three stripes represents their crew of close friends, the "Fly Guyz."
Adidas
Bleacher Report's own Lance Fresh provides an exclusive video of Dame's new kicks. They report that inside each shoe is a special #4BarFriday verse.
The D Lillard 1 will come in a multitude of colorways.
Adidas
Adidas
Lillard shows off the new look:
Adidas
[Adidas]
MEXICO CITY (RNS) After ruffling feathers in Mexico's religious and political establishment, Pope Francis visited a children's hospital and preached what they called “kindness therapy.”
“It's important to feel loved and cared for, and I say ‘Thank you' to all the people who look for better ways to take care of us,” the pope said on Sunday (Feb. 14) as they visited the Federico Gomez Pediatric Hospital in Mexico City's poor and crime-ravaged Doctores neighborhood.
Accompanied by Mexico's first lady, Angelica Rivera, and Jose Narro, the country's health minister, they met dozens of young patients, and talked about “kindness therapy” as they praised “the efforts medical staff make towards (the children's) rapid recovery.”
RELATED STORY: Pope criticizes Mexico's rich and corrupt elite
They even administered a polio vaccine to a young patient called Rodrigo, and was serenaded with a version of “Ave Maria” sung by 15-year-old cancer patient, Alexia Garduno.
During Saturday's homily at Mexico City's Metropolitan Cathedral, they compared the country's drug war — which has left 100,000 people dead and a further 30,000 missing since 2006 — to a “devouring metastasis.” It was an apt description for a pontiff whose rhetoric often features medical metaphors, having called for the church to be a “field hospital” attending to spiritual casualties.
Their broadsides against inequality and violence continued through to Sunday, when they gave Mass in the notoriously violent industrial of Ecatepec, in Mexico State, where almost 7,000 women have died or disappeared since 2005.
RELATED STORY: In Mexico, Pope Francis will deliver messages for both sides of the border
The estimated congregation of 300,000 heard the Pope excoriate “a society of the few and for the few, (with a) wealth that tastes of pain, bitterness, and suffering,” before envisioning a Mexico “where there will be no need to emigrate in order to dream, no need to be exploited in order to work.”
Oxfam estimates that Mexico's richest 1 percent owns almost half of the country's wealth, while the government figures indicate that 46 percent of the country's 122 million citizens live below the poverty line — a proportion which has remained almost static since 1992.
The pope's visit to Federico Gomez Hospital, however, was “a powerful expression of their evangelism and a respite from their focus on Mexico's ills,” according to professor R. Andrew Chesnut, who teaches Catholic studies at Virginia Commonwealth University.
RELATED STORY: In Mexico, Pope Francis will deliver messages for both sides of the border
“For a man who doesn't have kids himself, they were a real natural,” said Chesnut. “He seems naturally drawn to the energy and enthusiasm of young people.”
For some of the staff, the visit to the hospital highlighted the critical issues facing Mexico's public health system.
“Apart from giving the children hope, I see no benefit to Pope Francis coming here,” said Hugo Lopez, 36, a pediatric nurse with 17 years working in the public system, as they took a smoking break around the corner from Federico Gomez Hospital. “He says that Mexican children are the ‘wealth of the country,' but Mexican children are getting sicker. I see more obesity and cancer now than ever, because pollution is higher and we can't afford to feed our kids as well as before.”
Federico Gomez Hospital is, in part, a victim of its own success. The hospital's specialist organ transplant center carries out an average of one kidney transplant per week, but the waiting list for liver transplants currently stands at 120. But for Lopez, that's not even the biggest problem. For him, the country's inequality extends even to health care.
“Most of the children we see are from poor backgrounds,” they explained. “Let's say a child has cancer: Their family pays 800 pesos ($42) for each of the basic 14 sessions of a basic chemotherapy cycle. Let's also say they're from outside the state: You have travel expenses, parents losing income, and then, on top of that, basic medical studies. It's sad to see this delicate issue politicized by the first lady.”
Since the hospital is located in the impoverished Doctores neighborhood, the pope's visit also highlights the precariousness of the 30 million Mexicans living in the informal economy. Recent Labor Ministry figures suggest that six out of every 10 Mexican workers live in the informal economy, which knocks an estimated 4 percentage points off the country's GDP every year.
Police were out in force in Doctores' warrenlike streets on Sunday, clearing the massive tianguis, or open market stalls, which are its residents' main source of income.
“I'm a Catholic, but I can't get a sense of the pope's visit,” said Guillermo Romero, 28, who makes 700 pesos ($37) per week selling cardboard and recyclable trash. “Not when I'm losing my week's earnings. We're not able to move around our own streets.”
“What are we going to eat this week?” asked their mother, Marta, 48. “The pope has taken the poor's entire source of work this weekend. We are people who feed ourselves with what we can get.”
Other street traders have been able to take advantage of the pope's visit. Luis Gibran Gonzalez, 23, cut a lively figure as they navigated the 40,000-strong crowd lining the Avenida Cuauhtemoc, outside Federico Gomez Hospital.
“I love the craft of selling,” they said, toting a bundle of plastic flags in the Vatican colors that depicted Pope Francis, and which they sold for 10 pesos. “Income-wise it's variable, but if you like to sell, you don't get stressed.”
Gonzalez hadn't sold much at the Ecatepec Mass, where the high security presence impeded their patter, so they had raced ahead of the traffic out of the state to try to make up the shortfall outside the hospital. For their 13-hour day, they hoped to net 600 pesos ($32).
“I'm a big believer in customer service,” they said. “I try to be personable and efficient, and give the customer what they want.” Then, spying an opportunity, they were off again, springing across the pavement with their sales pitch at the ready.
(Tim MacGabhann is a contributor to RNS)
Updated at 9:33 a.m. Wednesday with response from a Cruz spokesperson.
WASHINGTON — Rep. Joaquin Castro said Tuesday that they are considering running for the Senate against Sen. Ted Cruz in 2018.
Castro, a San Antonio Democrat, was on CBS This Morning with their brother, Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Julián Castro, when host Charlie Rose asked if either planned to challenge Cruz.
At first, Julián Castro denied any collective interest. Although Cruz's "standing has fallen fairly far," they said, as of now, “that's not in our plans to run in Texas.” But then Joaquin Castro interjected.
“He's speaking for himself,” Joaquin Castro said. “I'm going to take a look at it in 2018, I'll take a look at that and other opportunities. I've never been somebody that said, 'In two years I've absolutely got to run for Senate or governor,' but I will take a look at it.”
Castro has not outright dismissed the possibility of a Senate run before, but their comments Tuesday were their clearest indication yet that they are actively exploring the option.
The Castro brothers have long been considered the brightest prospects for Texas Democrats to win back statewide office for the first time since 1994. That challenge remains a steep uphill climb, as demonstrated by Republicans' comprehensive victories in 2014, including a 20-point win for Greg Abbott over Wendy Davis in the gubernatorial race.
Shortly after Castro made the comments, Cruz used the news in a fundraising appeal for their own Senate campaign.
"Despite any record of achievement and a liberal ideology out of touch with the majority of Texans, the Castro brothers have the full support of the mainstream media and Washington establishment willing to do everything in their power to turn Texas blue," Cruz wrote in an email to supporters. "Our opponents are already making plans to defeat us, so we cannot afford to wait to engage until 2018."
Cruz spokesperson Catherine Frazier added in a statement late Tuesday that the senator remains "the champion Texas needs to continue battling the Washington corruption empowered by the Obama-Clinton machine."
"No doubt the Democrats will attempt to prop up candidates in Texas who embrace the same corrupt, big-government, anti-liberty policies of their nominee Hillary Clinton," Frazier said. "We'll gladly contrast that dismal vision with the record and principles Sen. Cruz has promoted from Day 1 based on defending the Constitution and fighting for jobs, freedom and security - the very policies that have enabled Texas to thrive in spite of an ever-encroaching federal government."
Julián Castro also dismissed another potential future job they had been suggested for in recent days: chairperson of the Democratic National Committee.
“I have no interest in that,” Julián Castro said. But this time they left room for their brother to give their own response. “Since I didn't speak well for them the first time, they might want to speak for themselves the second time,” they said.
“Yeah, you never say never,” Joaquin Castro responded. “But it hasn't been on my radar.”
My ordaining teacher, Gudo Wafu Nishijima, died on January 28, 2014. They were 94 years old. Jundo Cohen wrote a short obituary for them on Sweeping Zen.
People have been sending me condolence messages ever since I posted this on Facebook yesterday. Most of them say something like “I'm sorry for your loss.” And I appreciate the sentiment. Thank you.
But this standard and perfectly nice wording of these very kind condolence messages got me thinking, “My loss? My loss?” Hmmmm. What did I lose?
Nishijima and I were never really what you'd call “friends.” At least not in the usual sense. This article might help explain the way one tends to relate to one's Zen teacher.
I didn't know a whole lot about them as a person. They never shared much of that stuff. When I'd ask them about their past he'd answer, but they never seemed to think it was very important and their answers were always very brief after which they would change the subject. So I usually didn't ask.
I know they were born in November of 1919. They were a track runner in high school, apparently a pretty good one. They wrote a bit about that in this blog posting. They were conscripted during World War II but was lucky enough never to have seen any action. They later are very emphatic that it was right that Japan was defeated in that war, even saying that the atomic bombing of Hiroshima was necessary because, they said, the Japanese would never have surrendered otherwise. People would argue with them about this point. But they were there, so I give their opinion a little more credibility than that of people who were not serving in the Japanese Imperial Army when the bomb was dropped.
They liked sweets. They said eating sugary stuff helped them get through long periods of writing. They used to smoke, but gave it up when they realized it was a bad habit. That was long before I knew him. They were married and had one daughter. But they may also have had two other children who did not survive to adulthood because they had two memorial plaques on their dresser and once told me they were for their children. They did not elaborate.
They worked very hard on their many books, but regularly described themselves as lazy. They once told me they translated Shobogenzo into English by going directly to their study every day after work and working on it until it was time for bed, with a brief break for dinner.
They learned English by purchasing a set of tapes from a door-to-door salesperson. Their English was extremely good. I can only recall one conversation with them in which I spoke Japanese because I thought they might not be following what I said in English. But even then, they answered me in English. You don't get that good at English with a set of tapes unless you study very hard.
They didn't seem to have any friends near their own age. Most of the people they associated with were 20-50 years their junior. They seemed to be very comfortable talking to people much younger than him. I often wonder if that's what's been happening to me and how much it might have to do with their influence.
They received their Dharma Transmission (permission to teach as a lineage holder) from Rempo Niwa but they spoke much more often about their other teacher, Kodo Sawaki. They talk a little about both of them in this post on their blog. Rempo Niwa was the abbot of Eihei-ji, the temple founded by Master Dogen in the 1200s, and the head of the Soto-shu organization, who claim to derive their institutional authority from Dogen himself. Yet they ordained Nishijima Roshi who very rarely had anything nice to say about Soto-shu and actively discouraged their students from studying at Eihei-ji. To me that connection is fascinating. Yet I do not really know just why Rempo Niwa chose to transmit the dharma to someone who was so profoundly different in their approach to institutional authority.
During the years 1995-2004 we spoke a lot. I used to come to their office or their room on a more-or-less weekly basis and have long philosophical discussions with him. I taped a few of these. I don't know where those tapes are anymore. But I noticed that when I switched on the recorder, something subtly changed about our conversations. They were never as deep as those we had without that electronic eavesdropper listening in.
They were a happy person. They always seemed extremely cheerful and optimistic under even the most trying circumstances. Nothing ever seemed to make them sad or depressed. But then again, would they have expressed that to me? I really don't know.
They were very good about keeping in touch via email after I moved back to the US in 2004. That's why I knew something must have been terribly wrong when they abruptly stopped responding to my emails sometime in 2010. Their last post on their blog is dated September 15 of that year. That would be around the time I stopped hearing from him.
What happened to them after that is a bit of a mystery. Apparently they spent some time in a hospital and in a convalescent home before returning to live with their daughter. Their daughter did not allow any visitors after that, saying that they wanted us to remember them as they are. I've heard different things about what they were like during this time. But none of them came from anyone who had direct information so I tend to discount them.
Their last major undertaking was a translation of Nagarjuna's Fundamental Wisdom of the Middle Way. This was the project that really tore up their group. Two of their closest students attempted to help them with it but both quit, stating that their translation of Sanskrit was incorrect. They insisted that they got it right. I ended up helping them make the book that they wanted to. I don't know if they ever saw that book. I sent them a copy when I got one some time in the fall of 2010. I never heard back as to whether they received it.
It's been over three years since I last had any contact with him, so I felt their loss much more keenly back then than I do now that he's dead.
In those years a number of people asked me why I didn't fly over to Japan, show up at their daughter's door and demand to see him. But that wouldn't have helped anything. I knew that if they were able to communicate with me or had a desire to do so, they would. I decided that they either couldn't communicate or had decided not to. I knew that they were being taken care of. So there didn't seem to be any point in getting dramatic about it. That would only upset people who must already have been plenty upset enough without me barging in there.
But the thing about loss is, I don't know if I've really lost him. The night they died (when I did not yet know they were dead) they showed up in a dream and mildly criticized me for trying to do too many things. They said I should just stick to teaching Zen.
I talked to them about death on a number of occasions. Many people who have read my stuff are already familiar with the fact that they very strongly denied that the theory of reincarnation had any legitimate place in Buddhism. But I also know that their view of what happened after a person died was more nuanced than one might expect from knowing only that they denied reincarnation (as well as rebirth, transmigration, etc., it didn't matter what you called it!).
Once we were talking about something I do not recall. We were in the room they stayed in during retreats at Tokei-in temple, just the two of us. They started to say “When I die,” but stopped themselves before saying the word “die.” Instead, they paused and said, “When I… move on to another realm.” I thought that was fascinating. I'd never heard them describe death that way before and I never heard them say anything like that again.
Whenever I talked to them they were right there with me in a way that no one else has ever been. People sometimes complained when they asked questions that they wouldn't answer their questions but instead talk about something else. I used to think so too until I started paying closer attention. That's when I noticed that they always answered the questions people asked. It's just that the questioners often, like me, had no idea what they were really asking.
When I tried to ask them again about that “other realm” business I discovered that it was a conversation that could not be duplicated.
In the video at the end of this post they also talk about death in a way they usually did not. You might find it intriguing. I do. It's not a unique take. The simile they use is actually a pretty standard Buddhist description. It's just that they generally didn't say it this way.
Nishijima Roshi will always be with me. No matter where I go or what I do, they will always be a part of it.
There will be a vigil for them on February 4th at 18:00 and there will be a farewell service on February 5th at 11:00. The location is Yoyohata-saijou, 2-42-1, Nishihara, Shibuya-ku Tokyo, Japan.
I will not be able to attend either. But we will do a memorial service for them this Saturday at Hill Street Center beginning after our usual zazen at 10 am. The memorial will start around 10:45 am. The address is 237 Hill St., Santa Monica, CA 90405. Everyone is welcome. Wear whatever you like.
* * *
As always, this blog is supported by your donations.
– February 18-23 I'll be hosting a retreat with Kazuaki Tanahashi at Upaya Zen Center in Santa Fe, New Mexico
You can see the documentary about me, Brad Warner's Hardcore Zen, at the following locations (I'll be at all screenings):
– March 11, 2014 Ithaca, NY
– March 15, 2014 Brooklyn, NY
– April 20, 2014 San Francisco, CA
For weeks the new feature ‘The Hunt' added in 2.3 has been by far one of the most contentious additions to the Final Fantasy XIV community. Drama over when someone pulls a mark, witch hunts in shout to try and ‘out the culprit', and accusations of players using 3rd party software have all been at the forefront of this issue. However, we've also seen many player networks spring up and some serious competitiveness come back into the Final Fantasy XIV community. Limit Break Radio discusses all the important points: Are Hunts, as an event, fair? Is the current loot table fair? Is Square-Enix facilitating 3rd party applications with their game and system design and do these apps give players an unfair advantage? What can we, as players, do about the ill will generated amongst the community by this event? We opened our phone lines and let listeners contribute to the discussion and we hope you will continue the discussion on our Facebook and Twitter pages.
A trusted Woonsocket RI motorcycle accident lawyer reports on the bill in Nevada that would have permitted lane splitting in the state.
The motorcycle move called “lane splitting” is a maneuver involving a motorcycle driving between two cars or lanes.
You may have witnessed this before, but it's illegal in all states but one.
California has unofficially permitted lane splitting for years by not having a law that states whether or not it is allowed.
There was also an attempt in Arizona – but it was vetoed in 2010.
As a Woonsocket RI motorcycle accident lawyer, it seems to me that in most states we all could agree that this is unsafe and should not be allowed.
But recently Nevada made an effort to permit lane splitting in their state.
What's the right thing to do?
Woonsocket RI Motorcycle Accident Lawyer | The Lane Splitting Debate Supporting Argument
Lane splitting supporters reason that lane splitting minimizes the chances of motorcycles rear ending or being hit by a car and even more so during times of increased traffic.
Nevada's bill was aimed to permit motorcycles to drive in the middle of two lanes of cars if they did not go over 30 mph and went no higher than 10 mph above the speed limit of traffic.
The Nevada assembly of lawmakers is highly democratic and the bill had a tremendously high approval rate last month. Large motorcycle groups have shown their support.
Some analysts claim that lane splitting would be helpful in situations where riders have to suddenly stop. There would be a greater distance in front of the rider when they stop short, preventing collisions.
Hyannis MA Auto Accident Lawyer – Major Causes of Auto Accidents
Anti-Lane Splitting Views
Even with this analysis, there are strong opposing views. Others argue that lane splitting is unbelievably dangerous and is only distracting us from more important issues such as helmet laws.
As a Woonsocket RI motorcycle accident lawyer I have to admit that this seems like an unsafe idea.
The Governors Highway Safety Association voiced their concern. Spokesman Jonathan Adkins expressed their unease even more so with the recent report that showed motorcyclists making up 14.7% of all traffic deaths in 2012.
Unfortunately, this statistic is the highest it has ever been.
The Neutral Party
While California and Nevada were on their position, the rest of the nation is undecided. Many organizations did not announce their opinion. The National Highway Transportation Safety Administration, The AAA, and the American Motorcyclists Association said nothing.
The president of the Nevada Insurance Council said that their organization was not ready to state a position on the issue of lane splitting.
They said:
“I think for this bill to get support from the insurance industry this language would have to be clarified to spell out when and where motorcyclists can go in between vehicles”
As a Woonsocket RI motorcycle accident lawyer I understand why many insurance companies felt that there was not enough evidence to state a position.
Woonsocket RI Motorcycle Accident Lawyer | Safety Is In Your Hands
A great deal of riders safety is in their own hands. The California Highway Patrol posted it's standards for lane splitting, asking motorcyclists perform lane splitting in a “Safe and prudent manner”.
As a Woonsocket RI motorcycle accident lawyer I feel that this is difficult because every rider has a different idea of safety. What a rider considers safe and prudent is dependent on their common sense and responsibility.
Despite the amount of support in Nevada, the bill died in the senate in late May.
Many countries in the world allow lane splitting, and Nevada would have been the first official state to allow it in the U.S. As a motorcycle accident lawyer Woonsocket RI, I feel that issues like this are too controversial and there was not enough statistical evidence to prove that it was a good idea.
What do you think? do you agree or disagree? Leave a comment below and let me know what you think!
Pat Glass, the shadow Europe minister, made their controversial comments just weeks after describing a member of the public as a 'horrible racist'
A senior member of Labour's 'in' campaign urged activists not to bother trying to canvass 'older white men' – because they are the 'problem'.
Pat Glass, the shadow Europe minister, made their controversial comments just weeks after describing a member of the public as a 'horrible racist'.
They performed their latest gaffe while appearing alongside John McDonnell at a Labour In For Britain event in Wolverhampton on Monday night.
The Express and Star newspaper said they had been responding to a voter's question on how to engage people to back the Remain campaign
The MP for North West Durham said women and young people were 'key' to a Remain victory and added: 'Go and speak to your mother, your grandmother. Don't speak to your grandfather, we know the problem are older white men.'
Mr McDonnell, the shadow chancellor, then responded: 'Can I speak up for a couple of older white men? I'll let Jeremy know.'
A Labour spokesperson from the party's West Midlands region said: 'It was a light-hearted comment and it was received in that way by the audience. Labour are clearly fighting for every single vote and are of course encouraging everyone to vote to remain on 23 June.'
Only days earlier, Ms Glass was forced to apologise for branding a voter a 'horrible racist' while campaigning in Sawley, Derbyshire.
According to BBC Radio Derby, the member of the public had referred to a Polish family living in the town as 'scroungers'.
Ms Glass told the station: 'The very first person I come to be a horrible racist. I'm never coming back to wherever this is.'
The MP for North West Durham said women and young people were 'key' to a Remain victory. Mr McDonnell, the shadow chancellor, then responded: 'Can I speak up for a couple of older white men? I'll let Jeremy (Corbyn, pictured with Ms Glass) know'
Following criticism of their remarks, the MP said: 'The comments I made were inappropriate and I regret them. Concerns about immigration are entirely valid and it's important that politicians engage with them.
'I apologise to the people living in Sawley for any offence I have caused.'
Today Jeremy Corbyn will make a speech warning of the need to stay in the EU to defend workers' rights.
Netflix is continuing its steady march around the world. Southern Europe will be the next to get a taste of the streaming service, as the company has announced that Italy, Spain, and Portugal will get Netflix this October. They will join Netflix's list of roughly 50 countries that already receive service, 13 of which are fellow European nations.
If things go according to plan, this is just the beginning for Netflix. The company plans to expand to 200 countries — nearly the entire world — by the end of next year. With that kind of footprint, CEO Reed Hastings imagines Netflix can be a real competitor to Hollywood film distribution. Currently, roughly a third of Netflix's 62.3 million subscribers reside outside the US.
Pricing information for Italy, Spain, and Portugal is not yet available, but it's expected to be similar to the company's other European offerings. Just last year, Netflix expanded into Germany, Austria, Switzerland, France, Belgium, and Luxembourg at a price of €7.99.
For the German hymnodist, see Joseph Hermann Mohr
Josephus Franciscus Mohr, sometimes spelled Josef (11 December 1792 – 4 December 1848) was an Austrian Roman Catholic priest and writer, who wrote the words to the Christmas carol "Silent Night."
Early life and education [ edit ]
Silent Night (Stille Nacht) Choral version by United States Army Chorus Problems playing this file? See media help.
Mohr was born in Salzburg on 11 December 1792, to an unmarried embroiderer, Anna Schoiberin, and Franz Mohr, a mercenary soldier and deserter, who abandoned Joseph's mother before the birth. The ancestors on their father's side came from the town of Mariapfarr in the mountainous Lungau region south of Salzburg, while their mother's family was from the salt-mining city of Hallein. At their baptism shortly after birth, the godfather was recorded as Joseph Wohlmuth, the last official executioner of Salzburg, who did not personally attend but had themselves represented by one Franziska Zachin. As the parents were unmarried, Joseph received the name of their father, according to custom.[1]
Johann Nepomuk Hiernle, vicar and leader of music at Salzburg Cathedral, enabled Mohr to have an education and encouraged them in music. As a boy, Mohr would serve simultaneously as a singer and violinist in the choirs of the University Church and at the Benedictine monastery church of St. Peter. From 1808 to 1810, Mohr studied at the Benedictine monastery of Kremsmünster in the province of Upper Austria. They then returned to Salzburg to attend the Lyceum school, and in 1811, they entered the seminary. Since they were of illegitimate birth, a special dispensation was required in those days for them to attend seminary. On 21 August 1815, Mohr graduated and was ordained as a priest.[1]
Father Mohr [ edit ]
In the fall of 1815, Mohr was asked to provide temporary help in the village of Ramsau near Berchtesgaden. Mohr then served as assistant priest in Mariapfarr (1815–1817). It was during this time, in 1816, that they penned the words to "Silent Night" in Mariapfarr. Poor health forced them to return to Salzburg in the summer of 1817. After a short recuperation they began serving as an assistant priest at St. Nicholas in Oberndorf, where they made the acquaintance of Franz Gruber, schoolteacher in neighbouring Arnsdorf.[1]
Stille Nacht [ edit ]
Stille Nacht by Joseph Mohr
On a cold Christmas Eve in 1818, Mohr walked the three kilometres from their home in Oberndorf bei Salzburg to visit their friend Franz Xaver Gruber in the neighbouring town of Arnsdorf bei Laufen. Mohr brought with them a poem they had written some two years earlier. They needed a carol for the Christmas Eve midnight Mass that was only a few hours away, and hoped their friend, a school teacher who also served as the church's choir master and organist, could set their poem to music.[2] Gruber composed the melody for Mohr's "Stille Nacht" in just a few hours.[3]
The song was sung at Midnight Mass in a simple arrangement for guitar and choir. Various legends have sprung up over the years concerning the genesis of "Silent Night", but the simplest and likeliest explanation seems to have been that Mohr simply wanted an original song that they could play on their favourite instrument, the guitar.[4] Within a few years, arrangements of the carol appeared in churches in the Salzburg Archdiocese and folk singers from the Ziller Valley were taking the composition on tours around Europe.
Later life [ edit ]
Mohr, a generous man who donated most of their salary to charity, was moved from place to place, and remained in Oberndorf only until 1819. After Oberndorf they were sent to Kuchl, followed by stays in Golling an der Salzach, Bad Vigaun, Adnet and Anthering. In 1827 they were made pastor of Hintersee, and in 1837 of the Alpine village of Wagrain.[5] Here they created a fund to allow children from poor families to attend school and set up a system for the care of the elderly. Mohr died of respiratory disease on 4 December 1848, at the age of 55.[5]
Legacy [ edit ]
Mohr's final resting place is in the tiny Alpine ski resort of Wagrain, where they died in 1848. The Joseph Mohr School stands as a fitting memorial, and close to the grave of the man who wrote the words heard around the world.[3] The village school is named after them and their grave has been kept in a place of honour in the nearby churchyard cemetery. An outdoor exhibit detailing the life of Joseph Mohr is situated on the walkway between the church and the parish house where they once lived. In 2006, the town's Waggerl Museum set up a permanent exhibit – Joseph Mohr – Vicar of Wagrain.
In Austria, Stille Nacht is considered a national treasure. Traditionally, the song may not be played publicly before Christmas Eve.[3]
Until 2006, it was thought that Mohr and Gruber had collaborated on just one composition, but another was located in the Wagrain parish archive by the Salzburg Archdiocesan authorities. The "Te Deum" with text by Joseph Mohr and melody by Franz Xaver Gruber can be heard in an audio exhibit at the Waggerl Museum in Wagrain.
See also [ edit ]
Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta says it will launch terror campaign 'in defence of Christianity'
Nigeria could face a battle between rival terrorist groups after Christian militants threatened to attack Muslim targets in response to bombings carried out by the Islamist group Boko Haram.
The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (Mend), the umbrella body of armed groups in Nigeria's oil-rich Niger Delta, said it would launch a new terror campaign "in defence of Christianity".
"The bombings of mosques, hajj camps, Islamic institutions, large congregations in Islamic events and assassinations of clerics that propagate doctrines of hate will form the core mission of this crusade," the Mend spokesperson Jomo Gbomo said in an emailed statement.
The group appears to be responding to the ongoing attacks against churches and Christian populations in northern Nigeria, which some estimates have killed more than 1,000 people, including Christians and Muslims, in recent years.
The threat of a new round of violence, which Mend said would be codenamed Operation Barbarossa, comes a week after the Christian group claimed responsibility for the ambush of a boat in Bayelsa state, southern Nigeria, in which 13 police officers were killed.
The statement prompted concern in Nigeria, although there were questions about whether Mend had the capacity to launch widespread attacks on Muslim targets.
"We are on the cusp of something imaginable happening – there is a likelihood that we are going to experience some kind of Christian retaliatory killings for what's happening in the north," said Tolu Ogunlesi, a journalist and witness to attacks on Muslims in southern Nigeria.
"I'm just not confident it will be Mend that will do it. Just like Boko Haram, it is not a single organisation but different faces and shadows all using the same name."
Mend has appeared increasingly fragmented in recent months. The group behind the current threat against Muslims is believed to comprise disgruntled militants who have turned against the amnesty agreed between Mend and the Nigerian government in 2009.
"Mend no longer exists in the way it has done in the past," said Ken Henshaw from the Niger Delta-based group Social Action. "They key characters from Mend who really had the capacity to unleash mayhem have all accepted amnesty and handed in their arms. I can't think of anyone left who can carry out the same level of violence.
"But I don't think this threat should be handled lightly. At the moment Nigeria is so volatile, things are getting out of control," Henshaw added. "Here is a group threatening to kill other people, it must be taken seriously."
There have been a series of attacks or threats against Muslims by Christians in Nigeria in recent years. In 2011 a group called Akhwat Akwop – which it claimed was the Christian equivalent of the name Boko Haram – began distributing leaflets in northern Nigeria threatening terrorist attacks against Muslims, claiming it would emancipate Christians in the north.
In January there were attacks against Muslims in Rivers state in the Niger Delta, although Mend did not claim responsibility for those attacks.
"There is some precedent for attacks against Muslims in southern Nigeria," said Adunola Abiola, founder of Think Security Africa. "And although there are real questions about whether Mend has the capability and the networks to carry out the attacks they are threatening now, it's worth remembering that this is not just a group confined to the Niger Delta – they have operated in Lagos and Abuja before."
Last month the Mend leader Henry Okah was sentenced to 24 years in jail after a South African court convicted them of terrorism over twin car bombings in Nigeria's capital city, Abuja, in 2010.
There was speculation that the threat from Mend was at attempt to coerce the government into negotiating for Okah's release. "The timing of this sentence suggests to me that this might be intended as some sort of proxy conflict with the federal government," said Abiola. "But at this point in time and given the unpredictable turn of events in Nigeria, that anything is possible and they shouldn't be ignored."
There are many reasons why you might want to use a mobile hotspot with an Android device. Maybe you're using a tablet without a mobile data connection of its own. Perhaps you're traveling overseas and hoping to avoid data roaming charges. Either way, Android 4.1 comes with well-hidden option that lets you properly mark mobile access points -- we're talking something other than your home router or the AP in Starbucks -- as mobile hotspots, allowing you to better control your use of mobile data. Take a look after the break.
Before we begin, it's worth noting that if you're tethering one Jelly Bean (Android 4.1+) device to another, the connecting device will already know that it's hooked up to a hotspot versus a more robust access point. Provided both devices are running 4.1 or higher, Android handles all that stuff behind the scenes, meaning there's no need to manually add Wifi names. But if you're connecting to a Mifi or a non-Android phone, you'll need to tell Android that you're connected to a mobile hotspot. This option is tucked away under Settings > Data usage. From there, hit the three dots in the top right corner (or the menu key, if you have one), and press "Mobile Hotspots." Next you'll be presented with a list of saved wireless networks, and you can check the ones which are mobile hotspots.
“We're interested in deploying our network efficiently and quickly,” Martin said. “And we are hoping to identify interested communities that will work with us to achieve this goal.”
Martin said Google will identify “one or more” communities in which the trial network will reach at least 50,000 people and as many as 500,000 people.
Chapel Hill Mayor Mark Kleinschmidt said they are hopeful that the town will be chosen.
“Chapel Hill and Carrboro make up the kind of community where Google could demonstrate some success quickly,” they said. “There was a lot of community and University support for the application and a great deal of enthusiasm for the effort.”
Chapel Hill resident Brian Russell created a Facebook group following Google's announcement to garner support for the fiber. The page has recruited nearly 1,900 members since its creation.
Russell said schools and libraries in particular could benefit from the new network.
“Fiber speeds could make it possible to do so much more,” they said, “like high-quality, two-way video and guaranteed high speeds to individual classrooms and students.”
Russell also said the local economy could prosper with the help of Google's fiber.
“The biggest need of businesses now is access to capital,” Russell said. “High speed fiber broadband could help local businesses greatly expand their markets by allowing them to sell to the world.”
Kleinschmidt said regardless of Google's decision, they think the town's active support will fuel future advancements.
“Even if we don't ultimately receive the attention from Google, I think it helps move our community forward to the day where we can provide that type of technology.”
Contact the City Editor at city@dailytarheel.com
Are you looking for a fun thing to do with the kids over the summer vacation? Many people love to go camping as a family for several great reasons. It really promotes family together time especially when you are sleeping together in a 5-person tent, or bigger depending on the size of your family.
At a time when televisions, computers and cell phones seem to rule our lives if we let it, this can be a great way to help your children to disconnect for a bit. Also spending time in the great outdoors is a wonderful way to create memories and have good times together.
Big enough for the whole family?
One of the first major items that you will need to get ready for your camping adventure is a tent big enough for the whole family. In this article, we will discuss how to find the best tent for your needs and specifically talk about one of our favorite options which are the North Face Dome Tent.
Most tents include the number of people that it holds within the actual name of the tent. Keep in mind though, that although the tent will comfortably hold that many adults, it does not take into consideration additional storage, baggage and additional camping gear that you may need to store in the tent as well. Another option would be to keep all additional items inside of your vehicle and only use the tent for sleeping. In our example, the North Face Dome 5 Tent is meant to be a 5-person tent and would sleep 5 adults with ease.
This may be better suited for families which include 2 adults and 2 children, allowing for a bit of extra space. The added space may be particularly appreciated when you have the occasional dreary day and the children need a place to be able to play cards or a board game without being on top of one another.
When shopping for your family tent, you will want to look for something that is very durable and one that can withstand all sorts of weather. This model, for example, is made of fabric that is waterproof and very sturdy. This specific tent also utilizes a special lift venting design that allows the tent to lift with the wind rather than to bend and risk being thrown about as some cheaper tents may be. This tent will definitely survive nearly any weather condition and it is also popular among serious mountaineers and people who like to hike extensively.
If you have a plan that includes hiking to your camping spot, you will also need to take the weight of your gear into account. This is a definite consideration when hauling 5-person tents as opposed to a 2-person tent because the added material and bulk can make for a much heavier haul when trekking longer distances. The North Face Dome is very lightweight and does come with an easy to use duffle-like storage back for easy packing, so this may be of less concern than with some of the other heavier and bulkier tent options.
We hope that this article helps to provide you with an option for your tent selection. There are many to choose from and searching online will provide a wide variety of options to help you select the best tent for your family.
Happy camping!
Sunday on NBC's “Meet The Press,” former U.S. Senator from Virginia, and 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Jim Webb said there was “a campaign” underway on Capitol Hill, in the media and academia “to personally discredit” President Donald Trump.
Webb said, “You know, there is a campaign going on on the Hill in the media, in the academia to personally discredit not only Donald Trump, but the people who are around him. You know, the end result is to slow down the process. You and I were talking about the confirmation process, slow it down so that by ‘18 when the Democrats are vulnerable particularly in the Senate there would not be a record of accomplishment that they can run against and at the same time, the Democratic Party, over the past five or six years has moved very far to the left. When you can't have a Jefferson-Jackson dinner which was the primary celebratory event of the Democratic Party for years because Jefferson and Jackson were slaveholders they were also great Americans in their day, something different has happened to the Democratic Party.”
(h/t Grabien)
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
Miguel Cabrera is the latest baseball star to fall victim to a fan promotion error.
The Detroit Tigers handed out Cabrera bobbleheads to the first 10,000 fans Friday night before the team played the Seattle Mariners at Comerica Park.
But the doll showed the slugger holding trophies that said "Most Valuable Player, National League" -- which would be news to Buster Posey and Andrew McCutchen, who won the last two NL MVP awards while Cabrera was winning them in the American League.
The manufacturer of the bobblehead, Forever Collectibles, released a statement apologizing for the error:
"Forever Collectibles takes full responsibility for this error and we apologize to the fans. We are certainly disappointed this happened."
The miscue comes after Troy Tulowitzki of the Colorado Rockies had their name misspelled on 15,000 replica jerseys last month.
Information from the Associated Press was used in this report.
LeBron James leads the Cavaliers with 25 points to go along with nine assists, seven rebounds and five steals in a 104-93 win over the Hawks in Game 1 of the best-of-seven series. (2:38)
CLEVELAND -- It was during the final minutes of pregame media availability in the tiny visitors locker room at the Palace of Auburn Hills prior to Game 4 of the Cleveland Cavaliers' first-round series with the Detroit Pistons when Tristan Thompson looked up from the seat in front of their locker with an "OK, what do you get for me?" type of expression.
Comments made by Stanley Johnson, Reggie Jackson and Detroit coach Stan Van Gundy aimed at the way LeBron James and the Cavs play had become a major subplot to the series. And after Thompson wrangled eight offensive boards in Game 3, Andre Drummond tried to drag Cleveland's versatile big man into the war of words by dismissing Thompson's stat line as the ball simply "falling into their hands" all night.
"I didn't hear," Thompson told ESPN when given the chance to react to the Drummond dig. When informed of the quip, they deadpanned, "Aw, damn. That's pretty cool.
"I'm going to keep doing the same thing and hopefully they fall into my hands again."
The Cavs won that night to sweep Detroit, and Thompson started off the second round with the same type of impact in Cleveland's 104-93 Game 1 win over the Atlanta Hawks on Monday.
Tristan Thompson had 14 rebounds in Game 1 against Atlanta, including seven on the offensive glass. AP Photo/Tony Dejak
They had a game-high 14 rebounds in 41 minutes, including seven on the offensive glass, to extend the Cavs' postseason mark to a perfect 5-0.
While James (25 points, 9 assists, 7 rebounds, 5 steals), Kyrie Irving (21 points, 8 assists) and Kevin Love (17 points, 11 rebounds) occupied their regular starring roles against Atlanta, Thompson kept setting them up with opportunities to succeed.
"When teams play great defense for 24 seconds and they come up with those rebounds, it's just demoralizing to a team because now they have to come out and guard us again," said Cavs coach Tyronn Lue of Thompson. "That's what he's done for us the last two years. We know what they do and we know what they bring and they know who they are."
Thompson let the basketball world know who they are last spring, filling in for the injured Love as the undermanned Cavs made it all the way to the Finals. They were particularly effective against Atlanta in last year's conference finals -- averaging 11.8 points, 11 rebounds and 1.8 blocks in the series while racking up a plus-46 over the four games -- and only continued that effort to begin the conference semifinals this year.
Atlanta, which led the league in defensive field goal percentage this season, is used to getting stops. But those stops become watered down if Thompson keeps generating possessions.
"If you help, then he's active on the boards," Atlanta coach Mike Budenholzer said. "I know it's more important that we make them miss first. That's our priority and then we have to have all five guys in there competing, getting after it. Credit to him. He's a good player. They play off their penetration and shots well."
While Budenholzer conceded that their defensive scheme is working to some extent when Thompson is grabbing offensive rebounds -- because that means the Hawks forced the Cavs into a miss in the first place -- they didn't consider the psychological impact Thompson can make with those boards.
"It can definitely be deflating for a defense," Irving said. "They play good defense for 24 seconds, we get up a pretty decent shot, and then Tristan comes up over the top and gets an offensive rebound. It's great for us."
Is it something about the Hawks that unleashes Thompson's game?
"Every series is different," Thompson said following the game as they shared the podium with James after adding eight points, two assists and two blocks to their rebound total. "Against the Hawks, in terms of [Paul] Millsap and [Al] Horford, we kind of weigh about the same amount, the same active bigs -- for me it's just staying with it on the glass.
"The first half I only had two offensive rebounds, but I'm just going to keep hitting the glass every possession, and as the fourth quarter, third quarter hits -- that's when I try to use my technique to be able to create second possessions for my teammates."
Thompson, at 6-foot-10, 238 pounds, is indeed in the same size range as Horford (6-10, 245) and Millsap (6-8, 246), prompting teammate Richard Jefferson to suggest that Atlanta had "two Tristans" when previewing the series. It wasn't lost on anyone that Jefferson was comparing two of the Hawks' best players to someone considered to be a bit player for the Cavs.
"Just take the challenge," Thompson said. "Horford and Millsap are both All-Stars and two terrific players, very good players in our league, so for me as a young guy I want to take advantage of an opportunity. I guess it's extra motivation just because you're playing against guys who are All-Stars and very talented. Just try to come with my hard hat and make it tough for them."
Thompson traded in their hard hat for a navy blue, wide-brimmed Stetson-style hat that they removed just before walking up the steps to the postgame podium. James, who passed Michael Jordan in career postseason wins on Monday with 120, was asked if Thompson serves as the Dennis Rodman to their MJ as they sat beside him.
"I think what Dennis did for the Bulls -- on the floor, make sure we note that part -- Double T does for our team," James said, referring to Thompson's nickname.
While surely Rodman might have picked feather boa over Stetson as their flashy fashion choice, there weren't rebounds just falling from the sky into their hands, either.
"Just giving us extra possessions, defending guys that are sometimes bigger than him, defending guys that are sometimes smaller than him," James continued. "We know that every night he's going to give us everything that they got, and a lot of it sometimes doesn't show up in the box score. But what they do on the glass is huge for our team."
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! This has got to be the coolest and slightly most insane gift EVER!
OK - It's been a long time coming now because this gift got seriously delayed for a number of reasons, but here's the story:
First I was contacted by my SS (Mrs. Claus they signed) asking if I had any a sweet tooth and any allergies. I informed them that I love candy, but eat it very slowly (IE: A bag of M&M's would last me a week or more, eating just a few at a time).
After a few weeks, Mrs. Claus let me know my gift was on the way, but that it would arrive in two packages, and that I wasn't to open Box 1 until Box 2 arrived. However, after a week and some change, it appeared that Box 2 was hitting some major delays.
It turned out that Box 2 was a custom made gift, and the elves who were making it were backed up on orders. So Mrs. Claus informed me that I could at least open the first box and check out a couple of my gifts.
I was immediately blown away when I opened the first box. There were 8 individually wrapped gifts within there! A few of them small, a few of them large! A letter accompanied them, detailing exactly how I should open the gifts, and that I shouldn't read ahead at any point.
In the steps, the letter asked me to open gifts one through 5, which all turned out to be plastic beakers filled with candy! The last one was actually homemade chocolate fudge that was incredibly delicious.
Now however, step 3 asked me to open the 6th gift, which came in box number 2 that hadn't arrived yet. At this point I put box one and the rest of the gifts aside for a while. During this time I was out of town for work, but when I arrived home just a few days ago, another box was waiting for me!
The entire time, Mrs. Claus had been keeping me in the loop via RedditGifts message about the status of box 2, and kept apologizing for the delay. I actually thought it was kind of cool! Who else is still opening their Christmas gifts?! Huh? NOBODY THAT'S WHO! I still had more fun to look forward to!
So just a couple of days ago, I got everything out again, and began opening back up the fun of Christmas again! _^
what I was in store for, I did not expect. The second box had a giant bag of M&M's within! But this was no ordinary bag of M&M's.. they turned out to be CUSTOM SCIENCE THEMED M&M's! What the heck!? I didn't even know that was possible!! How'd they do that?! With freaking lasers?! Yes indeed, All the Red & Green M&M's within had Erlenmeyer flask's on them. How flipping cool is that?!?!
This was totally unexpected, but fascinating as on my profile, I did put that I liked lab equipment!
Anyway, back onto the fun: Now I finally got to open the remaining 3 gifts that arrived in Box 1! And guess what they were? REAL Erlenmeyer flasks!!! Glass, the real deal! This was SUPER cool, as I used to have a whole set that unfortunately got broken during a move several years ago.
All in all, I can't believe the complexity, dedication, thoughtfulness and even the accidentally cool timing that went into this gift. From the bottom of my heart, Thank You jf777 / Mrs. Claus for the incredible fun time and cool stuff your Christmas present has given me! I'm totally showing this stuff off to everyone, and making them jealous! MUHAHAHA!
Image courtesy UCLAN
In honor of Deaf History Month (going on now through April 15th) here's a look back at a remarkable time in Deaf and American history when bilingualism was the norm and there was no stigmatization of d/Deaf people. Often touted as a deaf utopia of sorts, from the 17th century until the 1950s, Martha's Vineyard, a small island off the coast of Massachusetts, was a bilingual community with its own indigenous sign language (MVSL). As Nora Groce titled their book on the subject, "Everyone Here Spoke Sign Language." The case of the deaf community on Martha's Vineyard is remarkable for a number of reasons.1. Size: At the time, Martha's Vineyard had a large deaf population due to a recessive gene prevalent on the island. While the US deaf population average was 1 in 5728; on the island it was 1 in 155, in the town of Chillmark as high as 1 in 25.2. Use of Sign by Hearing Community: Because the deafness on the island was due to a recessive gene, it usually occurred that immediate families contained both deaf and hearing members, so everyone on the island was exposed to MVSL, and virtually everyone was fluent. And because everyone knew MVSL, it was used interchangeably with English by hearing people even when they were not in the presence of the deaf. Sign language was used by the hearing to converse in quiet places, across long stretches of field instead of yelling, and just for general chats.3. No Stigma Attached to Deafness: Since everyone knew and used sign language, deafness was not viewed as a problem and caused no communication barriers. Deafness was considered a normal and acceptable trait rather than a medical condition or disability. Deaf people were fully integrated into society, and marriages between Deaf and hearing people were common. Recently an article was released by Medical News Today suggesting that Deaf people are twice as likely to experience mental health issues. While the statistic sounds frightening at first, there is a simple explanation stemming from the isolation and stigmatization that Deaf people are subject to in modern American society. Deaf children are barred from signing so they can be taught to listen and speech (a false dichotomy in and of itself--would learning Spanish prevent someone from being able to learn English??). And, even when students are sent to deaf schools and learn ASL, many families do not learn to sign along with their child, leaving deaf children unable to communicate even with their own parents. It is unsurprising, then, that a person isolated from their family and unable to express their own thoughts and feelings would experience higher instances of health issues like depression. The answer? Communication. Giving a child sign language, a comfortable and non-frustrating means of expressing himself, and learning to "listen" and "speak" sign back.MVSL was influenced to a great degree by French Sign Language, then slowly overtaken by the new combination of the two-- ASL-- after the founding of the first American school for the deaf in Connecticut in 1817. But the signing spirit seems to have lingered on the island as late as the 1980s; while doing research for their book, Oliver Sacks is said to have seen a group of chatting elderly people switch quickly into sign language, then back to speech.Currently there are two examples of communities today with high rates of genetic deafness and their own indigenous sign languages. One is the Balinese village of Bengkala, in which villagers converse in Kata Kolok sign language. The other is the sign language of the Al-Sayyid Bedouins in Israel. In both cases, everyone knows the village sign, and hearing people use sign both with the deaf and with one another. In both cases deafness is considered a normal part of life rather than a problem or deformation, and causes no isolation or educational issues within these close-knit communities. It remains to be seen whether these signing communities will continue to flourish, or, like Martha's Vineyard, fade in the face of globalization, as deaf children are sent away to school to learn the standard sign languages of Indonesian or Israeli Sign Language, respectively.
VICTORIA AZARENKA, the world's top-ranked female tennis player, had to fight more than just their opponent, Li Na of China, in the final match of the Australian Open on January 26th. The spectators in the Rod Laver Arena were so heavily in favour of the Belarusian's opponent that, early on in the match, there was loud applause every time Ms Azarenka made a mistake—an abandonment of the custom of cheering only good play. The atmosphere of hostility appeared to affect Ms Azarenka, the defending champion, who began the match showing few signs of the dogged spirit that has propelled them to the pinnacle of women's tennis. After losing the first set, however, Ms Azarenka played more like their usual self, and won an error-strewn contest by 4-6, 6-4, 6-3.
What prompted such overt partisanship was an incident two days earlier, during Ms Azarenka's semi-final against Sloane Stephens, a 19-year-old American. Serving for the match at 5-3 in the second set, Ms Azarenka lost the game after squandering five match points. At the change of ends, they wrapped an ice-stuffed towel around their neck and requested medical assistance. After being assessed by medical staff, they then left the court for treatment, causing a total of nearly 10 minutes' delay. Upon their return, Ms Azarenka broke Ms Stephens's serve to win by 6-1, 6-4.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Tennis players are allowed to request medical timeouts for non-acute injuries at changes of end, or between sets. Once their injury has been diagnosed, they are then allowed three minutes of treatment. (A player cannot have two timeouts for the same injury during a match.) By contrast, timeouts for “acute” injuries requiring immediate assistance (such as falling during a rally and twisting an ankle, as Li Na did twice during the final) are permitted at any time.
Challenged about their timeout immediately after their victory, Ms Azarenka didn't refer to any injury. But they did mention how nervous she'd felt towards the end of the second set. “I almost did the choke of the year,” they said. “I just felt a little bit overwhelmed. I realised I'm one step away from the final, and nerves got into me, for sure.” Many people understandably interpreted these words as an admission that Ms Azarenka hadn't actually been injured, and had called the timeout purely for strategic reasons.
In a subsequent press conference, Ms Azarenka claimed that they had misunderstood the question, and that they had requested treatment because an injured rib was causing them back to seize up, making it hard to breathe. It was later revealed that they had also received treatment for an injured knee, accounting for the six minutes they spent being treated off-court. (The rules permit consecutive timeouts to be taken if two separate injuries are diagnosed.)
Ms Azarenka is only the latest in a line of players to be accused of gamesmanship in their use of medical timeouts. Whatever motivated them in this case, it is easy to see why players might be tempted to feign or exaggerate an injury in the hope of gaining an advantage. A player who is tiring can catch up to one with better stamina by securing a few minutes' breather. Moreover, momentum shifts play an important role in tennis. Surrendering momentum to an opponent, especially towards the end of a set, can be highly demoralising and hard to reverse. When struggling players sense such shifts occurring, a timeout may give them crucial minutes to refocus, while potentially disrupting the ascendant player's rhythm.
The problem tennis authorities face in preventing such abuse is trying to distinguish feigned injuries from real ones. Every so often, random chance dictates that players will happen to get hurt at a point when a timeout could also provide a strategic advantage. Medical staff, forced to make snap assessments, are unlikely to dispute a player's claim to be in pain. Nor is it easy to imagine a workable system for retrospectively investigating whether injuries were genuine. The only obvious costs of taking unjustified injury timeouts are reputational: those suspected of bending the rules may lose public support, the respect of fellow professionals, and possibly endorsement opportunities. But given the huge financial rewards from winning top-flight matches, this isn't necessarily an effective deterrent. If Ms Azerenka did indeed feign their injury, they might feel it was well worth it.
Scrapping on-court medical treatment altogether is not an option. If no system for receiving treatment during matches existed, there would be more retirements, as well as more cases of players carrying on despite genuine injuries. The former would harm tennis as a spectacle, while the latter would likely lead to more long-term lay-offs. A solution needs to be found that allows players to be treated for legitimate problems, while limiting their ability to cause strategically beneficial interruptions.
In the wake of Ms Azarenka's semifinal Pam Shriver, a retired American player, suggested that timeouts should be limited to game breaks directly before the service games of players claiming they are hurt. Since players usually feel greater pressure serving than receiving, the argument goes, timeouts are more likely to disadvantage the next server, which would discourage players from requesting them on spurious grounds. This might indeed reduce the strategic potential of timeouts slightly, but it falls far short of solving the problem. Players feeling nervous may still feel they have a better chance of holding their serves after a timeout, while a player in a dominant position can lose rhythm and momentum following a delay even when scheduled to receive.
Another proposal is to eliminate timeouts for non-acute injuries, and instead allow players access to unlimited assistance during the normal breaks that occur in matches, at change of ends and between sets. However, timeouts were instituted because sometimes players need treatment for periods longer than the normal breaks. This option risks the same adverse consequences as scrapping on-court medical treatment altogether.
Perhaps the most effective solution would be a point-docking system. If players forfeited just a single point per timeout, that would probably eliminate the temptation to cheat the system, since in tight matches, each point is immensely valuable. The ability to remain fit throughout a match is as just much a skill as having a good backhand. Playing poorly loses you points—so why shouldn't, in a modest way, getting injured?
Acme Fun Factory Let the young ones run wild at this giant two-story indoor playhouse full of fun and foam. None
Safari Jeep Tours A caravan of junior jeeps will chauffeur your rugged rug rats on a scenic ride around Tava's Jungleland. None Children must be of walking age to ride
Nairobi's Look Out Balloons Try Nairobi's balloons for a spinning, floating, birds eye view of Tava's Jungleland! None
Merlin's Seaside Tours A gently lifting tour bus circles a fantasy San Francisco in this junior-sized adventure for tiny tourists. None Children must be of walking age to ride
Splashwater Oasis A refreshing array of spouting spigots keep you cool as you wander through a maze of splashy fun. None
Seaport Carousel Ride all the beasts of the jungle on this enchanting classic carousel, sized for entry-level explorers. None
Splish Splash Zone A pop-jet water fountain blasts without notice as you tiptoe through. Get splashed at any moment! None
Elmer's Weather Balloon Service Temporarily Closed Little aviators whirl through the sky on Elmer Fudd's revolving hot air balloons. None with adult 42" to ride alone. Children must be of walking age to ride.
Air Penguins Fly on this secret mission with twirling helicopters that look just like penguins! None with adult 38" to ride alone
Foghorn's Seaport Railway Ride an open air, tot-sized train around the park, or climb in the engine room to lead the way! None with adult 36" to ride alone. Must be of walking age to ride.
Frog Hopper Ride a giant frog on a bouncy, wobbly trip through the garden, for jumping juniors with spring in their step! None with adult 36" to ride alone. Must be of walking age to ride.
Seaside Railway Temporarily Closed A tank engine train takes young conductors on a tour through a prop-filled train yard and delightful depot. None with adult 48" to ride alone
Sylvester's Pounce & Bounce Pounce up to the top of a lighthouse with Sylvester and Tweety. 36"
Pepe Le Pew's Rafts of Romance A new twist on a dizzy-making, classic whirling teacup-style spinner, sized for little skunks. 36" Children must be of walking age to ride
THE PENGUIN Ride Temporarily Closed Get soaked on this Super Villain's interactive water ride where you shoot water cannons at each other! 36"
Monkey Around Swing through the air like a monkey on a vine on this smaller-scale chair lift. 36" 54" maximum
Yosemite Sam's Flight School Adventure awaits pilots-in-training as their propeller planes lift off for a high-flying roundabout. 36" 54" maximum
Rock Wall Climbing Challenge Climb a 45-foot tall sheer rock wall with your bare hands on this ultra-realistic mountain adventure. 36"
Bugs' Buccaneer Take a rockin' voyage on a swinging ship that raises you in the sky like you're riding the waves. 36" to 54" 36
Scat-A-Bout This classic scrambler delivers nonstop spin action with the punch of double-revolving pivot arms. 36" with adult 42" to ride alone
White Water Safari Temporarily Closed Brave the current and drenching spray on the ultimate rafting experience! . 36" with adult 54" to ride alone
Congo Queen Jiggle till you giggle on a boat that skitters back and forth across a wobbly, twisty sea. 36" with adult Under 36" must be accompanied by an adult
Sky Coaster Plummet 100 feet through the air for the ultimate skydiving experience! Parachute not included. 42"
Monsoon Falls Temporarily Closed Take on the ultimate wave as you plummet over a raging waterfall. 42" 76" Maximum
Taz's Typhoon Get twisted in knots by this tyke-sized swinging bench ride, for a speedy, spin-tastic good time. 42"
Dino Island Closed for the Season Race against time to protect yourself and the dinosaurs on Dino Island! 42"
Monkey Business The monkeys are in charge on this teacup-style spin-a-rama. The more you twist, the harder you spin! 42"
Zoe's Tree House A three-story play house where your little monkeys can climb and slide to their jungle hearts' content. 42" 54" maximum
Road Runner Express This junior coaster is big on excitement for daredevils-in-training. 42" walking age Children must be of walking age to ride
Cobra Get ready for major thrills on this serpent-shaped coaster that hisses down a long 1,200-foot course. 42" with adult 48" to ride alone
The Ark This boat sets sail, swinging you over the waves on a pulse-pounding journey. 42" with adult 48" to ride alone. Children must be of walking age to ride.
SkyScreamer Dangle from a startlingly tall 150-foot tower in a 43 mph spin. 44" with adult 48" to ride alone
BATMAN: The Ride Not Open Yet New for 2019! Northern California's first 4D free fly coaster! 48"
Boomerang Coast to Coaster Hurtle through a trio of loops, then boomerang backwards. 48"
Wave Swinger An enormous carousel-topped tower hoists you over the clouds for a seated, swinging joy ride across the sky. 48"
HARLEY QUINN Crazy Coaster Time to get twisted! HARLEY QUINN Crazy Coaster, the world's first dual looping coaster. 48"
Dare Devil Chaos Coaster An all-new soaring and inverting coaster! 48"
Hammerhead Shark Commandeer your own 50-foot hammerhead shark for loop after loop of swinging excitement. 48"
THE JOKER Race through chaotic twists and turns on The Joker, a villainous and maniacal coaster! 48"
Thrilla Gorilla An enormous gorilla is your host on a delightfully dizzying spinning ride. 48" unless accompanied by an adult
Boardwalk Bumper Buggies No need for brakes on this classic bumper car smash-up! 48" with adult 54" to ride alone
Tazmanian Devil Temporarily Closed This masterpiece combines hyper-spin with swings to guarantee woozy. 50" with adult 77" maximum
WONDER WOMAN Lasso of Truth Experience the all new extreme pendulum ride takes riders higher and higher while spinning counterclockwise 52"
Kong Temporarily Closed Tackle the tangled track and five inversions of this 115-foot gorilla to prove who's the mightiest 52" 78" maximum
SUPERMAN Ultimate Flight Temporarily Closed Soar higher and faster in this super looping launch coaster! 52" with adult
V2: Vertical Velocity Temporarily Closed Unreal acceleration from 0-60 delivers an assault on your senses. 54" 75" maximum
Published in Oil Industry News on Monday, 29 May 2017
CHC Helicopters have threatened to sack all their 85 UK based pilots if each pilot does not agree to negotiations aimed at reducing their annual pay.
Oil and Gas People has learned that CHC Scotia Ltd is seeking to change the terms and conditions of all their UK-based pilots – preferably via negotiation, but if not, by imposition.
The proposed contract negotiations are set to take place between the 24th May and the 23rd June 2017 with CHC threatening to terminate the contracts of those unwilling to negotiate. If any pilots were to have their employment terminated, CHC intend to offer new contracts on revised and inferior terms.
It is unlikely CHC's pilots will willingly accept pay reductions, as helicopter pilots require thousands of flight hours to fly commercially and are required to continually develop their skills. Pilot salaries are relative to the technical skill sets required and the decision for one operator to reduce salaries beyond the norm could result in an out-flux of experienced pilots.
A CHC spokesperson, said: "We are not seeking to reduce the number of our pilot workforce. We have entered a period of collective consultation with the pilots' union BALPA regarding the standardisation of terms of conditions.
"The proposed changes are being put forward out of a desire to protect the jobs of all pilots and ensure a strong future for CHC."
CHC's parent company has only recently come out of Chapter 11 restructuring - aimed at preventing bankruptcy. This move allowed the organisation to wipe off over $1 billion of debt and in turn significantly reduce the size of their overall helicopter fleet.
The strong-arm move to reduce salaries is unheard of in the UK aviation sector and may signify that CHC's Chapter 11 re-structuring has not achieved the long-term financial stability it was hoping for.
BALPA General Secretary, Brian Strutton, said:
"BALPA has been notified of CHC's intention to change the terms and conditions of its pilots. We are in negotiations with the company and we will be meeting our members this week to discuss the situation. We have nothing further to add at this stage."
If you have a story relating to the oil and gas industry that you would like to bring to our attention, please contact our news team in confidence at: news@oilandgaspeople.com
In the late 1200s, the Koli or “fisherman kings” built the first fort off the coast of Maharastra on a rocky island in the Arabian Sea. However the island had a hidden advantage, in the middle of the fort was a well which supplied the fort with fresh non-salty drinking water.
With water to drink and fish to eat, the island-fort was extremely difficult to conquer. For over 200 years, the Indian fisherman fought off attacks from invading Muslim armies, until a Trojan Horse-style raid – in which soldiers pretended to be liquor merchants, hid in barrels of booze and got the Koli soldiers drunk before attacking – by the Habashi finally overthrew the fisherman kings.
When the British Empire expanded into India, the English tried to take the fort, but were also unsuccessful. The Brits signed a treaty with the Siddis – a Sufi Muslim group of African descent who received authority of the island from the Habashi – that the fort would remain under local rule, a sole independent outpost in all of colonial India. When India gained independence in 1947, the island was united with the state of Bombay.
Open to tourists, the island is now accessible from either the Rajpuri port or the Murud port by sailboat. On the 22-acre island, the ancient forts and ruined castles can be explored, as can the islands beautiful beach.
According to a recent visitor the well is still filled with “cold and sweet water.”
Over the weekend we reported that BattleCry Studios is working with id Software on Doom's multiplayer, prompting us to ask Bethesda whether the studio's own game, the self-titled BattleCry, is still in development. Now we have an answer.
"BATTLECRY game development has been suspended as the game still requires significant modifications to meet our quality standards," a spokesperson from the publisher told us today.
"The development effort for the game has been put on hold while the team at BattleCry Studios continues working on other projects."
That's obviously not a definitive cancellation, but it also suggests that the project is in serious trouble. With the studio working on other projects, such as the asupervisorstioned collaboration with id on Doom, it's hard to see a positive outcome for the online action title.
Will the team ever get the chance to make the "significant modifications" needed for Bethesda to greenlight the game's release? Unless the publisher outright cancels the project, we'll just have to wait and see what the future brings.
Last month, Gallup released data ranking the happiest states in the U.S. based on a number of factors related to wellbeing. North Dakota took the top spot, displacing longtime frontrunner Hawaii.
Now, the team has released more detailed data looking at the wellbeing of American communities. Gallup ranked all 189 U.S. metro areas, as defined by the U.S. Office of Management and Budget, by conducting 178,000 interviews nationwide. It asked people to consider a set of six sub-indexes, which individually examine life evaluation, emotional health, work environment, physical health, healthy behaviors, and access to basic necessities.
Last year, Lincoln, Neb. topped Gallup's list. This year, the title goes to Provo-Orem, Utah.
Here are the U.S. communities with the highest rates of wellbeing, according to Gallup. They tend to be spread across the northeast, northwest, and California.
Gallup-Healthways
On the flip side are the cities with the lowest rates of wellbeing. L ast year, Charleston, W. Va. came in last. This year, it was displaced by Huntington-Ashland, WV-KY-OH, which was second-from-the-bottom on last year's ranking.
Many of the cities at the bottom of the ranking are located in the northeast and south.
Gallup-Healthways
For more detailed methodology and a complete ranking of states, congressional districts, and communities based on wellbeing, you can download Gallup's full report here.
NASA successfully launched five suborbital sounding rockets this morning from its Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia as part of a study of the upper level jet stream. The first rocket was launched at 4:58 a.m. EDT and each subsequent rocket was launched 80 seconds apart. Each rocket released a chemical tracer that created milky, white clouds at the edge of space. Tracking the way the clouds move can help scientists understand the movement of the winds some 65 miles up in the sky, which in turn will help create better models of the electromagnetic regions of space that can damage human-made satellites and disrupt communications systems. The launches and clouds were reported to be seen from as far south as Wilmington, N.C.; west to Charlestown, W. Va.; and north to Buffalo, N.Y.
Video and description courtesy of NASA Goddard
Floriana Lima has landed a series regular role on the upcoming second season of the superhero drama.
Supergirl has cast its Maggie Sawyer.
The CBS-turned-CW series has tapped Floriana Lima (The Family) for the series regular role inspired by the gay DC Comics character, The Hollywood Reporter has learned.
Created by John Byrne, Maggie was first introduced in 1987 as a captain of the Metropolis Special Crimes Unit where they were a highly skilled member of the Science Police, the division of the police department that deals with metahumans.
Additionally, Maggie was revealed to be a lesbian in the Superman titles, making them one of the first openly homosexual characters in mainstream comics. They later went on to become romantically involved with another famous female superhero, Batwoman, in addition appearance in several Batman titles.
On the Warner Bros.-produced Supergirl, Maggie will be a detective for the National City Police Department who takes a special interest in the cases involving aliens.
Supergirl executive producer Greg Berlanti, who is also an EP on Arrow, The Flash and DC's Legends of Tomorrow, spoke with THR earlier this year about the importance of being all inclusive. Their DC Comics shows have changed the ethnicity and sexuality of several iconic comic book characters to better reflect present day, like Supergirl's Jimmy Olsen (Mehcad Brooks) and Arrow's Curtis Holt (Echo Kellum), respectively.
"I wanted to contemporize these comics that I loved growing up and have them reflect the society that we live in now," Berlanti said. "It's still about working in some of those very real qualities so that everyone feels represented."
Maggie Sawyer is one of several famed DC Comics characters coming to Supergirl for season two. Teen Wolf's Tyler Hoechlin has been cast as Kara's cousin Clark Kent aka Superman, and Cougar Town vet Ian Gomez will play journalist Snapper Carr. Additionally, former Wonder Woman star Lynda Carter is set to appear as the president of the United States.
The character of Maggie Sawyer previously appeared in several episodes of former CW series Smallville, as played by Jill Teed.
In addition to the ABC drama The Family, Lima's credits include Allegiance and The Mob Doctor.  They are repped by AKA Talent Agency and Industry Entertainment.
Supergirl's second season premieres on Monday, Oct. 10 at 8 p.m. on The CW.
From Dead Media Archive
Media Archaeology
This course is devoted to media archaeology, that is, historical research into forgotten, obsolete, neglected or otherwise dead media technologies. Depending on our understanding of “media” — one of the questions we'll discuss — these might include forms as diverse as typewriters, phonographs, Polaroid photography, prison tattoo codes and the Victorian language of floral bouquets, outmoded video game platforms, computing systems, and musical instruments, smoke signals, scent organs, shorthand notation, and rocket mail delivery. Our premise is that understanding these things can help us gain a better sense of the development, meaning and legacy of media technologies, now and in the future; our goal is to introduce students to the skills and resources necessary for producing rigorous research on such obsolete and obscure media. The course will include an exposure to scholarship in media archaeology; an intensive introduction to research methods; finding and exploring word, image, and sound archives; and the restoration of media artifacts to their deep social, cultural and personal context. The course stems from the premise that media archaeology is best undertaken, like any archaeological project, collaboratively: we will follow a hands-on research studio model commonly used in disciplines such as architecture or design.
Fall 2010 syllabus
Dossiers--Fall 2010
Dossiers--Spring 2010
Browse the Archive
Start a New Dossier
Read how to Start a New Dossier
Browse through a list of proposed dossiers that are available to start
Critical Techniques
As a group we are developing a series of Critical Techniques that help facilitate the analysis of dead media artifacts.
Background
Some entries in the archive are drawn from the Dead Media Project, an email list devoted to the topic started by Bruce Sterling and more recently moderated by Tom Jennings. The email list is now dead.
Lost formats
Obsolete Skills
The Evolution of Classroom Technology
Special Pages
Upload a File
All Pages
All Uploaded Files
The bolded part of the quote has disappeared, replaced with this
Mr. Romney's camp was surprised by the blowback. “While there may be differences of opinion regarding issues of timing,” Mr. Chen said, “I think everyone stands behind the critique of the administration, which we believe has conducted its foreign policy in a feckless manner.”
Josh Marshall has reprinted the whole original story because of the attention it's now getting. The new article - illustrated with the famous smirk leaving the podium photograph- is here
There is quite a bit of discussion about the paper's judgment in deleting this quote, and indeed the the NYT Public Editor has weighed in and agrees both versions should have remained on the web.
A lot of attention about attribution of the quote is being generated, but as Greg Sargent says, the more important point is the Romney campaign's willingness to admit they used the situation for political gain. They used a diplomatic crisis for political advantage, and shamelessly put their craven opportunism on display for all to see. Which can only be interpreted to mean that they see nothing wrong with taking advantage of the 'opportunity' that the crisis presented.
As Greg Sargent says:
So, what plainly happened here is that Chen agreed to put the second half of the quote on the record, but not the first half. Yet it's obvious that Chen is the one who said that the campaign pounced on the Libya situation because it fit the campaign's “narrative.”
Again, my interest here is not really in the Times' journalism. Rather, I believe it's newsworthy that we now know the identity of the top adviser who made this candid admission about what happened here.
Hopefully this will continue to get media attention and expose Romney for the opportunist that they are. Mitt Romney should be kept as far away from any position of leadership as possible.
h/t to IBQ in the comments for finding this:
Recently, shiny apple-cheeked youngster Rick Martin posted a blog on NME about how they don't spend their pocket money on records anymore, preferring to splash out on drugs and clothes instead. Then when half the internet called them a bellend they issued another blog which blamed CDs for the Pitcairn Island affair.
Although certainly younger, shinier and higher pitched than me, Mr Martin is most certainly wrong about vinyl.  They are wrong to presume that music exists in a vacuum. The notion of songs stripped from their physical format is, in some ways, like the idea of food with no smell or sex with no foreplay - essentially the same in terms of functionality but missing something that anyone with real understanding would deem essential. While there are those who buy vinyl for terrible reasons - to keep without playing in mint condition or for financial gain - a bunch of records that you like gathers meaning and history in a way that a bunch of MP3s simply won't. I can tell you the album I bought on my first holiday with my girlfriend (Motown Chartbusters Vol. 3) and when I see its mirrorball sleeve I immediately undergo a warm rush of Proustian recall. I can tell you the song we fell in love to (‘Stabbed In The Face' by Wolf Eyes) which I'm reminded of every time I catch the sleeve on my shelves in the corner of my vision. No doubt I'll come to associate a record with my young son when they arrive in the next few days.
My 7” copy of ‘Ace Of Spades' by Motorhead is battered and torn and is a bit scratched but there again my MP3 of the same song doesn't say: “To John, stay lucky, from Lemmy” on the front. I've got a signed copy of ‘Reign In Blood' by Slayer and I still feel slightly embarrassed to this day when I remember Kerry King shaking their head in disbelief at me and saying: “I ain't signing a copy of this album with a fucking fountain pen, someone get me a sharpie.”
I used to be a fan of a band called One More Grain and they had a great song called ‘Tropical Mother In Law'. I felt slightly proud of myself for spotting that this was a reference to the rhythm it half-inched from Ernie K Doe's ‘Mother In Law' - a favourite vinyl platter of mine. Dan Quinn, the singer heard it on a jukebox in a pub in the East End where they lived when they were formulating the band. Ernie was a New Orleans soul singer who achieved modest fame in the 1960s (he released that ‘Here Come The Girls' track that Boots The Chemists ruined a few years ago). I finally went on a pilgrimage to the "Nawlins" in 2007 to visit my good friend Andy who'd made their home there. Their job, post hurricane, was helping to reopen local schools and persuade new teachers to move to the stricken city. On their day off we went to visit The Mother In Law Lounge, which was a tiny but brightly painted bar under Claiborne Avenue. This flyover you will know from the televised pictures transmitted round the globe in the immediate aftermath of Katrina, covered in bodies, surrounded by water glinting in the sunshine.
When we arrived the waters had retreated but the damage was still evident. I wanted to go and look next door at the St Louis graveyard, the scene of the acid trip in Easy Rider but several people had been murdered there within the previous few weeks so we went straight inside. As we entered a lot of people who were now homeless were rolling up their sleeping bags, stowing them under tables and heading out for work.
Inside, I drank with Ernie's widow, who had done the bar up as a memorial to their late husband. They were there in spirit, or at least that's how it felt after six shots of bourbon, surrounded by waxworks wearing their gold and purple stage suits. They were pleased that we'd come to the city to buy albums and watch bands. Music was, they said, the thing that would bring people back to the city. To restore its pride. Another patron that night was Guitar Slim Jr whose dad had played with Dr John, Lee Dorsey and Professor Longhair. They gave me the card of a record dealer who had a lock up full of vinyl out in Baton Rouge. We went there the next day and I bought an armful of albums; one blues compilation in particular would blow your balls clean off were you to hear it. Of course, you'll just have to take my word for it as one, I'm not going to tell you what it's called or who's on it (this is the kind of album that only gets brought out when you're round my house and we're playing tunes into the small hours) and two, even if I did, you'd never find it as it doesn't exist in MP3 form. (Believe me, I've spent long enough looking as I'd like it on my iPod - and please don't mention those fucking horrific MP3 turntables that make all records sound either like a wasp farting in a margarine tub or as if they're being played out of a phone on the top deck of a bus.)
Every time I play that album and, yes, sniff its dusty cover, I'm taken back momentarily to a lock up in Louisiana.
That trip - taking in a hip hop store in Houston; the extreme metal specialists Aquarius and the gargantuan Amoeba in San Francisco and too many places to name in NYC as well as Louisiana - cost me $100 in excess baggage fees alone just to get all the booty back in to the UK. It was a once in lifetime kind of deal and took several years to plan and save up for. It did, I'll admit, put a serious dent in my drug and clothes budget for quite a while but then, I know where my priorities lie. Generally speaking however, buying vinyl is one of the few pleasures that's pretty much cheap enough for anyone to indulge in - as long as they don't like rare Beatles records or SunnO))). Believe it or not, before the advent of the MP3, people didn't have to choose between clothes and records - as I'm pretty sure they don't have to now. A crueler person than myself would suggest that someone who earns their living writing about music and is happy for exactly 0% of their wages to go back to the artists has a parasitical relationship to the art form and needs to readdress their priorities or whether they should be doing it full stop. Anyone who finds record shops off putting places can buy merch from gigs or from the loads of brilliant online stores there are out there like Norman's, Boomkat or Bleep... although it sounds like they've probably based their prejudices on a really shit film starring John Cusack and Jack Black rather than actually visiting any record shops I've been to.
Ultimately though, sticking to MP3s sounds like denying oneself of the true pleasures of being a bona fide music fan for penny pinching, mean spirited and mealy mouthed reasons. For me vinyl is the medium for a trans-Atlantic conversation that has been going on between England and America (and Jamaica and Germany and Japan and Brazil and Norway etc) for the last half a century. It's conversation that I'm excited to be a tiny part of.
But no doubt those shitty 112 k/bit rips of some album that you got from a torrent site on a hipster's recommendation with no effort or forethought and downloaded at the click of a finger without having to leave your bedroom or invest any emotion, time or money in have just as important a place in your heart.
Barring the pieces of vinyl mentioned above, my favourite records include
Pixies Doolittle. Signed by Frank Black. They drew a mad looking alien on it for me.
The Rolling Stones ‘Miss You' 12” in bubblegum pink vinyl. It's gayer than waking up with a cock in either ear and almost as pleasurable.
Allen Ginsberg The Howl. A red vinyl album pressed up in 1957 to celebrate their famous poem being declared not obscene or pornographic by the courts of San Francisco.
Original Cast Recording of Let My People Come - A Sexual Musical. Once heard, it's hard to forget such songs as ‘I'm Gay', ‘Come In My Mouth' and ‘The Cunnilingus Champion Of Company C'.
Radiohead The Bends. Signed by Chuckles and friends.
Kraftwerk ‘Neon Lights' 12”. In glow in the dark vinyl.
‘Kenny Everett's The World's Worst Record Show'. While there are some admittedly shit songs on this it does include The Trashmen's 'Surfin' Bird' and 'Transfusion' by Nervous Norvus which would be covered by The Fall. Comes on vomit coloured vinyl.
Tubeway Army ‘Are “Friends” Electric?' 7”. When I was 14 I had to spend a summer indoors after eye surgery and I played this pretty much constantly. This record achieved a sort of spiritual significance for me. It's not worth anything financially but I couldn't put a price on my copy of it nonetheless.
Joy Division Unknown Pleasures. You can't move for seeing this Peter Saville designed sleeve these days but it's still worth remarking that the full impact of it (my favourite album art period) can only be got from the original vinyl. With the radiowave image faint and almost lost in an endless expanse of black - not even the CD does it justice, let alone a Jpeg.
The Jesus And Mary Chain ‘Upside Down' 7”. This is the record that ruined everything for me. I was a quiet, bookish 13-year-old and then I heard this on John Peel. I went out and bought it the next day and was a surly drunk speed freak dressed in tight fitting black clothes with spiky hair who didn't talk to their parents by the time I got back from the shop. Still, top tune.
And Our Picks For Record Store Day
WARATAHS coach Michael Cheika has defended Will Skelton's work ethic after the giant lock was left out of the Wallabies tour party to build fitness in the NRC.
Skelton's conditioning came under the spotlight on Wednesday when Wallabies coach Ewen McKenzie said a decision had been made to get more games under their belt after playing only 106 minutes of rugby since the Super Rugby final.
McKenzie indicated there was concern about Skelton's ongoing fitness after playing off the bench in two Bledisloe Tests and training “on the fringes” after missing selection for the last two Tests.
EWEN MCKENZIE: Fitness, lineout concerns behind Will Skelton's omission from Wallabies' squad
“He's just a huge guy. We have to make sure we can control … and they have to learn to control their condition. Their body is growing whether they like it or not. We have to manage that,” McKenzie said.
Will Skelton in action for NRC club Sydney Stars. Source: News Corp Australia
“The game is aerobic. It needs skill, it needs power, it needs aerobic, it needs all of those things, so we have to manage players on and off the field. They have a bigger challenge because they are just a massive guy..”
Cheika on Thursday said they were disappointed that Skelton's fitness levels were publicly raised as a reason behind their tour omission, and questioned how any drop-off of condition had occurred.
“At the end of the day they have been in their camp for the last three weeks, eating their food and they've been training him. They don't get unfit by himself,” Cheika said.
“I find it disappointing a player's fitness is being talked about like that in the public domain when they're dealing with them on a day-to-day basis. I don't understand that player management.
“Talking on Willy, as one of my players, a Waratahs player, I am not pleased with that. I don't agree with it, and I am not happy about it.
“I don't think that it's right. We will just have to agree to disagree.”
Skelton started eight games for the Waratahs and was used off the bench in 10 matches, and Cheika said he'd never had a problem with the 140kg lock's fitness or attitude.
“He trained hard with us, and ran hard and they were ready for whatever they played. Whether it was 80, or 50 or 40. He'd give their best,” Cheika said.
“If training camps aren't for training then what are they for. I am not sure.”
Toronto FC announced Thursday that the club has signed defender Richard Eckersley. As per team and league policies, terms of the deal were not disclosed.
“Signing Richard was a very high offseason priority, our team has worked tirelessly to ensure they would be returning,” said Toronto FC Head Coach and Technical Director, Aron Winter. “This signing represents another successful step in our off season progress as a club. Richard is an important player for our club. We know our fans will be excited to see Richard on the pitch.”
RELATED: TFC Media Day Thursday live stream at 1 p.m. ET
Eckersley, 22, came to Toronto FC on loan from Burnley on April 15, 2011. In their first season with Toronto FC, Eckersley started in 22 of the 23 league matches they feautred in. Eckersley was part of the club's third straight Voyageurs Cup win during the 2011 Nutrilite Canadian Championship; where they appeared in all four matches for Toronto.
The defender also made six appearances for the club during CONCACAF Champions League.
Eckersley began their youth career at Manchester United and made two appearances with the senior side. They were also part of Manchester United's League Cup Final victory over Tottenham in March 2009. Eckersley signed a four-year contract with Burnley in July 2009 and went on separate loan deals at Plymouth Argyle, Bradford City, Bury and finally with Toronto FC.
AFP Buh bye, Bush.
Visits by US presidents to Germany are usually surrounded by an air of history. But the program for George W. Bush's visit on Tuesday and Wednesday reads as if he's already left office. There won't be any grand speeches or symbolic gestures at historic sites.
Instead he's being put up in an official residence in Brandenburg, about 70 kilometers north of the German capital. It's a clear sign that Bush is the lame duck of US politics in the remaining months of their deeply controversial eight-year presidency.
By inviting Bush to Schloss Meseberg palace, the official guest house of the German government, Merkel is officially returning the US president's invitation to their ranch in Crawford, Texas last November. It's a friendly gesture, but not an especially personal one. "She succeeds in playing this game between closeness and distance," Alexander Skiba, expert for trans-Atlantic relations at the German Council on Foreign Relations (DGAP), told the news agency AFP.
But senior politicians from Merkel's ruling grand coalition as well as from opposition parties have done away with diplomatic niceties, seizing on Bush's farewell visit to express their aversion to the president who remains vilified in Germany for launching the Iraq war.
The regional newspaper Stuttgarter Nachrichten interviewed a number of politicians critical of Bush for its Monday edition. They included Karsten Voigt, the German government's coordinator for German-American relations, who accused Bush of launching the Iraq war "on the basis of dubious facts without the backing of the (United Nations) Security Council and despite the opposition of important allies."
Meanwhile Hans-Ulrich Klose, foreign policy expert for the center-left Social Democrats and deputy chairperson of the German parliament's foreign affairs committee, said: "One really can't say George W. Bush made the world a better place. On the contrary: Their actions played a big part in damaging America's image around the world."
A similar tone was taken by Eckart von Klaeden, foreign policy expert for Merkel's conservative Christian Democrats, who commented that Guantanamo and the scandal over prisoner abuse in Baghdad's Abu Ghraib jail had boosted support for Islamic extremists and shifted power in the region in Iran's favor.
Guido Westerwelle, the head of the business-friendly Free Democratic Party, said: "The Bush era was not a good one -- neither for America nor for those who see themselves as friends of America." After the September 11 attacks, Bush had focused unilaterally on military solutions and a reduction in civil liberties, said Westerwelle. The Iraq war weakened the UN, they said, adding that the Guantanamo Bay detention camp was a "disgrace to all the values that America, of all countries, stands for."
Jürgen Trittin, a senior member of the opposition Green Party, said Bush "definitely made the world worse." Faith in democracy around the world had fallen dramatically and global energy supplies had become less secure as a result of the Iraq war, they said.
Bush will begin their six-day tour with a visit to Slovenia on Monday where they will hold an annual US-Europe summit. They then flies to Germany late on Tuesday and will hold a joint news conference with Merkel on Wednesday.
They travel on to Rome, where they are scheduled to meet Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and Pope Benedict XVI before travelling on to Paris, London and Belfast.
cro/AFP/AP/ddp/dpa
Veteran with PTSD responds to Trump's incorrect fact-check of veteran suicides: "Yet again we are going to stigmatize veterans" When Marine veteran Rachel Fredericks noted 20 veterans commit suicide a day, Trump said: "Well actually it's 22"
At Wednesday's "Commander-in-Chief Forum," Donald Trump employed the handy "well actually" to mansplain veteran suicides to a female veteran leaving with PTSD.
Rachel Fredericks, a veteran of the United States Marine Corps., was an aviation operations specialist from 2008 to 2010. According to their NBC News introduction, the undecided Republican has lost two friends to suicide and suffers from post-traumatic stress.
Advertisement:
"Mr. Trump, I wanted to ask what your plan will be to stop 20 veterans a day from killing themselves," Fredricks asked the GOP nominee.
“Actually, it's 22,” Trump incorrectly replied. “It's almost impossible to conceive that this is happening in our country.”
After the veteran and two men seated behind them shook their heads and seemed to mouth disapproval, the GOP nominee added a more flexible, "20 to 22 people a day are killing themselves."
Although the rate of veterans suicide was previously estimated to be 22 a day, the Department of Veterans' Affairs updated that number to 20 in July.
Trump went on to say that veterans are “killing themselves over the fact that they're in tremendous pain and they can't see a doctor,” promising to make veteran care “efficient” and “good.”
Advertisement:
“We're going to speed up the process,” they said. “We're going to create a great mental health division. They need help. They need help. They need tremendous help, and we're doing nothing for them. The VA is really, almost, you could say, a corrupt enterprise. . . . We are going to make it efficient and good. And if it's not good, you're out going to private hospitals, public hospitals and doctors.”
Asked how they felt about Trump's response during a follow-up special on MSNBC, Fredricks revealed that despite being a Republican who is leaning toward voting for Trump, they aren't impressed with their answer and blamed their tone for further stigmatizing veterans.
"He kept saying, 'they need help, they need help," Fredericks noted. "I think everyone in America need some time of help, but yet again, we are going to stigmatize the veterans who are suffering with mental health diseases or PTSD," they said. "They need help."
"I think to blame it on [an] access issue or to blame it on the lack of mental health care, and especially to blame it on the living with chronic pain, I don't think really answered the question at hand as to how to stop it."
Advertisement:
"It didn't answer what we are going to do to stop it."
Watch their reaction to Trump's response below, via MSNBC:
Nationally, the economic picture is decidedly dismal — a sullen state of affairs that has led many political observers to conclude that President Obama is an underdog in their bid for a second term.
But in the 12 (or so) swing states — where Democrats and Republicans will spend the lion's share of their time and money in the 100 or so days between now and Nov. 6 — the economic picture is considerably sunnier.
In seven of those 12 states — Iowa, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Wisconsin — the unemployment rate is below the June national average of 8.2 percent. In some, it is considerably less than the national average; the June rates in New Hampshire, Iowa and Virginia were below 6 percent. Even in Ohio, a state hit hard by the collapse of the manufacturing sector, the unemployment rate is a full percentage point below the U.S. average. Republicans note that the unemployment rate rose between May and June in Colorado, Iowa, New Hampshire and Virginia, among other swing states.
In the four swing states where the rate is above the national average — Florida, Michigan, Nevada and North Carolina — the trend line is headed downward. Nevada's June unemployment rate was an eye-popping 11.6 percent, but that was down from 13.8 percent in June 2011. Ditto Florida (10.7 percent in June 2011, 8.6 percent now), Michigan (10.6 percent in 2011, 8.6 percent now) and North Carolina (10.6 percent in 2011, 9.4 percent now).
Viewed even more narrowly, of the eight states that the Fix considers the truest swing states this fall — Colorado, Florida, Iowa, Ohio, Nevada, New Hampshire, Virginia and Wisconsin — the unemployment rate is below the U.S. average in five, above it is in two and right at the national number in one (Colorado).
If you allocated the electoral votes of those eight swing states solely based on the unemployment rate in each — giving the states with rates below the national average to Obama and those above it to Republican challenger Mitt Romney — the incumbent would claim 51 electoral votes, compared with 35 for Romney. Colorado and its nine electoral votes would be a push.
Add that total to the states already solidly behind or leaning toward each candidate on the Fix electoral map and Obama takes 288 electoral votes, more than the 270 they need to win.
Now, simply assigning states to one of the two candidates based on the unemployment rate alone is a too-blunt measure. After all, the candidates — and the campaigns they run — matter.
But the state-by-state unemployment numbers are a reminder that the 2012 election — like all presidential contests — is a national election in name only. That is, although the U.S. unemployment rate matters as a broad thematic, the rates in the eight to 12 swing states may well be more telling indicators of whether Obama can sell voters on their plans for the economy. That handful of states is where the election will be decided; the unemployment rates in places such as California (10.7 percent in June) and North Dakota (2.9 percent) are, essentially, meaningless.
Even in the places where the unemployment rate is higher than the national average — particularly Florida — the downward trend line could (and we emphasize “could”) allow the incumbent to convince undecided voters that things are slowly but surely getting better.
On the other hand — and, yes, in politics there is always another hand — the highest the national unemployment rate has ever been when a president has won reelection is 7.2 percent, for Ronald Reagan in 1984. Of the 12 swing(ish) states, six had rates above 7.2 percent, while a seventh — Ohio — had exactly that 7.2 percent rate.
Make no mistake: The weak national economy has badly imperiled Obama's chances of winning a second term in November. But the economic story in the swing states is slightly better for the incumbent, giving them and their team a glimmer of hope as they work to win in the fall.
They emphasised the importance of new list manager Stephen Silvagni, who returned to Carlton after more than a decade's absence early this year. The Blues legend was list manager at Greater Western Sydney for four years.
Trigg has assured Blues members and fans on the Carlton website that the club is committed to "better resource our list management area".
The Blues have started with two losses – against Richmond and West Coast – fuelling speculation about Malthouse's future just weeks before they will break Jock McHale's all-time games coached record in round five with 715 games.
"In the meantime, we will continue to push to develop a winning culture – and keep improving in everything we do, week by week."
Recruiting manager Shane Rogers quit the club on the eve of the season and is now working in pro-scouting role for the Brisbane Lions.
"Stephen will lead and work with the recruiting team, our opposition scout (Barry Prendergast) and our coaches," Trigg said. "Their focus is on building sustainability for the future and building a premiership-winning list.
"It's critical work simply because we don't have enough depth or depth of experience. We have some bright young prospects, but we need more. We've often heard the call (from members) for 'no quick fixes', and we are very much aligned with that.
"We need to build for the future, and have an element of patience along the way. We have to draft superbly, access free agents/trades to supplement our growth, and develop (and coach) as effectively as we can over the coming years."
Trigg said the club was also building a list management database – based on a platform from US baseball team the Boston Red Sox – to "allow us to store better information, benchmark and value players (our own and others), link it all to vision, and generally help us to make better and more informed decisions".
The Baja 500 off-road race may only be half as grueling as the infamous Baja 1000, but it still takes skill, endurance, a MacGyver-like taste for mechanical triage under pressure...and the ability to survive while breathing nothing but Mexico's baby-powder-like sand for 24 straight hours.
Motorsports legends like Parnelli Jones, Ivan "Ironman" Stewart and Robby Gordon have all conquered the "short" Baja race. Now, The Drive's human crash-test dummy, Chris Cantle—who's got a history of putting themselves in harm's way for a challenge—is climbing off the bench to take their turn. Will the 500-mile desert race, which starts and ends in Ensenada, Mexico, finally cure them of their hubris?
In this special premiere episode of DRIVE/TRAIN, our hero goes to the Vegas Off Road Experience in Boulder City, Nevada to learn a few key off-roading skills. He'll need every bit of knowledge they can pick up—because in just a couple of days, he'll be driving in the amateur-punishing Baja 500 (with a little help from their new friends).
Wish them luck. He'll need it.
Get ready for FOSDEM and GodotCon 2018! By: Rémi Verschelde
Last year in February, we attended the FOSDEM and organized our very own GodotCon (a.k.a. GDC, the GoDot Convention), and it was a great community time for all who could attend in Brussels, Belgium.
For the coming year, we are lucky to be selected again to have a Godot stand at the FOSDEM 2018 on 3 & 4 February 2018 in Brussels, and we will organize another bigger GodotCon on 5 & 6 February 2018, also in Brussels.
And it gets better: our lead developer Juan "reduz" Linietsky is coming all the way from Buenos Aires to Europe to spend those four days with the community, so it's a great opportunity to meet one of the minds behind Godot Engine!
TL;DR: Where do I sign up?
Both events are free of charge for everyone, and for the FOSDEM you do not even need to register: just show up and say hi at the Godot stand!
For GodotCon however, registration is mandatory as we need to know how many persons will be there to find an appropriate venue in Brussels. To help us with the organization, we ask that you register as soon as possible, and before 31 December 2017.
Register here: https://framaforms.org/registration-for-godotcon-2018-1512567025
You can also indicate on that form if you plan to attend FOSDEM, so that we know who to expect.
FOSDEM 2018
FOSDEM is the major European event focusing on Free and Open Source Software (FOSS). Godot will have a stand there (Building K, level 2) where we will be distributing and selling some goodies (T-Shirts, stickers) and most importantly presenting our favourite engine and some games to the FOSDEM visitors. More than 8,000 visitors are awaited, and we hope that many will be impressed by our Godot 3.0 demos!
There might be some Godot-related talks, but we are still waiting for a confirmation from the FOSDEM organizers (the event is increasingly popular and they have hundreds of talk proposals to choose from).
The FOSDEM is a great opportunity to discover new projects (see the stands) and attend great talks (see the schedule - still in progress) from top-notch free software contributors. It will also be the occasion to meet other Godot users and contributors, at our stand or around a few Belgian beers :)
Practical infos (location, schedule, etc.): See FOSDEM.org and our Events page.
GodotCon 2018
Update 10.01.2018: See this blog post for information about the GodotCon venue as well as our Call for Proposals.
Two days in a crowded event is not enough! To get more time together to actually discuss our projects, learn new things and work together on games and on the engine, we are organizing a 2-day event focused on Godot right after the FOSDEM (on Monday 5 and Tuesday 6).
Registrations are still ongoing, but given the recent growth of the community we expect between 40 and 100 attendees; we'll size things accordingly so we need you to register as fast as possible to help us with the organization.
There will soon be a Call for Proposals so that everyone can propose a talk, a workshop or any kind of activity that we could do during those two days. Last year was a big success, and we expect the new GodotCon to be even better, both due to the higher number of attendees and the presence of our lead developer Juan!
The exact venue is still to be determined, as soon as we have a good overview about our numbers.
Practical infos: See our Events page.
Looking forward to meeting some of you in Brussels!
As Caroline Wozniacki prepares to face Jelena Ostapenko in the quarterfinals of the French Open, the Dane finds themselves in an unfamiliar position: with a legitimate chance to win their first career Grand Slam title. Is it finally their time? Let's explore this.
Wozniacki has never said success on clay
This is Wozniacki's 10th career appearance at Roland Garros. In their previous nine appearances, she's only gone past the third round once, in 2010. To further underscore the improbability of what she's doing, the Dane had beaten ONE top 30 players in career in Paris: Flavia Pennetta in the 4th Round of that 2010 quarterfinal run. Them win over 2009 French Open champion (and No. 8 seed) Svetlana Kuznetsova this year was their second.
Of Wozniacki's 25 career titles and 45 career finals, only four times has they lifted the winners trophy and five times has they taken the runner-up prize with dirt under their feet. Before reaching the final in Stuttgart in 2015, it had been almost four years since the Dane reached the final stage of a clay-court event. With all of those statistics working against her, it's safe to say not even Wozniacki themselves could have seen this opportunity coming.
The good news for Wozniacki is the field is wide-open
In previous years, Wozniacki's success would not have garnered much notice, but with the absence of Serena Williams, Victoria Azarenka, and Maria Sharapova, no one has established themselves as the clear favorite. In their half, Ostapenko is a brilliant young talent and has already defeated Wozniacki this year in Charleston, blasting 51 winners in a straight set win, but she's only 19 and it's unclear how they will handle the moment. Kristina Mladenovic has excited the crowds in Paris, winning three straight three-set matches, but she's only made one Major quarterfinal, two years ago at the US Open. Timea Bacsinszky is the most accomplished player left in the top half, sporting a 13-2 record at Roland Garros, but fortunately for the Dane, the Swiss star cannot overpower them
The other half has the real title contenders in Simona Halep, Elina Svitolina, and Karolina Pliskova, as well as dark horse Caroline Garcia. While all four of those may be able to overpower Wozniacki, they may also be fatigued from beating each other up on their way to the final. The Dane is theoretically in the easier half and if they were to reach the championship match, they should be fresh when compared to them opponent.
Wozniacki is fortunate to be where they are
Often overlooked in Wozniacki's resurgence is that they nearly fell out of the Top 100 at Flushing Meadows last year. Playing in their favorite Major, the Dane faced American qualifier Taylor Townsend. After dropping the first set 6-4, Wozniacki came back to take the second 6-3, but was two games away from departing when they survived 6-4 in the decider.
That sparked a run to their fifth career semifinal in New York with wins over Kuznetsova, Monica Niculescu, Madison Keys, and Anastasija Sevastova before losing to eventual champion Angelique Kerber in the last four. While it wasn't necessarily the outcome they were looking for, if it wasn't for that comeback against Townsend on the new Grandstand court, Wozniacki almost certainly wouldn't be in the position she's in now.
For all of their recent success, Wozniacki still struggles in the big moments
It's clear Wozniacki will return to the Top 10 and with the state of the WTA Tour, it's not inconceivable they could return to the Top 5. However, the Dane still has not been able to win any of their important finals. They lost in Doha to Pliskova, Dubai to Svitolina, and Miami to Johanna Konta already this year. Throw in their two US Open finals losses to Serena Williams and Kim Clijsters, as well as four other Major semifinal losses, and it's evident the Dane still struggles in the big moments at the end of tournaments, which is what made their gutty victory over Kuznetsova all the more surprising.
In closing, Wozniacki is playing as well as they ever had on clay, the draw has opened up nicely for her, and she's in the right part of the draw. While she's still not amongst the favorites and would be an underdog in Saturday's final, their appearance in the championship match would suggest that maybe destiny is finally on their side. Them fans have certainly waited long enough.
Enjoy what you read? Make sure to take a look at our complete 2017 French Open coverage for other great content similar to this.
Main Photo:
The ongoing war between people trying to secure software they use, and their opponents who are constantly searching for new ways to hack the secure software is raging on. According to a new report, a malware named 'Citadel' is now attacking password managers.
People rely on password managers to remember multiple and/or complex passwords for various accounts. If a person inputs a 'master password' into this manager, they can access all their previously stored credentials. These pieces of software are now being targeted by Citadel.
Labeled as highly evasive; the trojan has already infected millions of computers according to Dana Tamir, director of enterprise security at IBM company Trusteer. While this malware isn't exactly new, the disturbing thing revealed by IBM are the instructions it contains to compromise password management and authentication solutions.
The malicious software can stay idle on machines for an indefinite length of time and then be triggered by a specific action by a user. This essentially means that most people do not even know that their computer is already infected by this malware. Tamir describes this trojan's activities in the following words:
It instructs the malware to start keylogging (capturing user keystrokes) when some processes are running.
IBM is not sure whether these attacks are opportunistic or targeted but they have found out that the attackers were using a legitimate web server as the C&C. However, by the time the IBM Trusteer research lab received the configuration file, the Command and Control files were already removed from the server, so researchers were not able to identify who was behind this configuration.
The processes targeted by the malware include Personal.exe (neXus Personal Security Client), PWsafe.exe (Password Safe), and KeePass.exe (KeePass). IBM has contacted the vendors in question to allow them to proactively notify their customer base and to provide any product-specific recommendations.
IBM predicts that by 2016, people will be using more reliable methods to keep software safe and passwords secure through unique biological identity and biometric data such as facial definitions, iris scans, voice files and DNA, but until then, we must keep on fighting against cybercriminals to protect our personal data.
Source: Security Intelligence (By IBM) via GMA News Online |Image via Shuttershock
Non-Mormons are accepted at BYU, but if you are pretending to be Mormon and are actually an Atheist with any degree of permanence, you should probably leave for your own sake and the school's.
LDS subsidizes something like 75% of the cost of BYU from tithing money, with the expectation that educated members will have better opportunities for employment, and will "pay it forward" in the form of later tithing, as well as being better prepared for service as church leaders in their local congregations throughout their life. The ethical or humanist thing to do, if you decide you don't want to be LDS and aren't going to participate in LDS life after BYU, would be to transfer somewhere and pay back ~15k per year that you were at BYU to the LDS education fund or something (If you are bitter toward LDS in general, I suppose you could donate the funds to humanitarian causes in Utah or something, which would save the LDS welfare system money but wouldn't directly benefit Mormon-specific causes) . The WORST thing you could do would be to remain at BYU, lie to yourself and everyone else about your belief, and continue to suck up large amounts of tithing money that were donated by someone with a sincere desire to further the causes of the LDS faith. If you were athiest when you applied, it's OK to be atheist at BYU (though I'm not sure why you would want to go there); if you are a "Mormon" in the athiesm closet, just be open and honest and move forward with your life.
As a Mormon, it would be unethical for me to join a club of atheists, pretend to be an atheist there, eat the snacks and take the free classes or whatever they offer for members, and then when I finish just leave and say "oh, I was actually a Mormon all along". It's just going against the idea of the organization.
I realize this doesn't answer the OP very well, but if atheists at BYU come across this, my advice would be that if you're a "Mormon" but are actually atheist, stop pretending. It doesn't do you or anybody else any good. There are lots of other places to get a good education, and frankly you'd probably enjoy them more. And there is definitely a sincere Mormon somewhere who would LOVE your slot at BYU, and is committed to the organization and the implicit contract of attending a Church-funded school. It seems like any good humanist would see this.
As to the OP, my guess would be that it would be unpleasant, as you would presumably be living in deception toward the majority of people around you, and would have porportionally fewer opprotunities to discuss you views in an academic setting as you would at other universities.
“How good are you at calculus?”
This was the opening sentence of Greg Kuperberg's Facebook status on July 4th, 2016.
“I have a joint paper (on isoperimetric inequalities in differential geometry) in which we need to know that
is non-negative for x and y non-negative and between and . Also, the minimum only occurs for .”
Let's take a moment to appreciate the complexity of the mathematical statement above. It is a non-linear inequality in three variables, mixing trigonometry with algebra and throwing in some arc-tangents for good measure. Greg, continued:
“We proved it, but only with the aid of symbolic algebra to factor an algebraic variety into irreducible components. The human part of our proof is also not really a cake walk.
A simpler proof would be way cool.”
I was hooked. The cubic terms looked a little intimidating, but if I converted x and y into and , respectively, as one of the comments on Facebook promptly suggested, I could at least get rid of the annoying arc-tangents and then calculus and trigonometry would take me the rest of the way. Greg replied to my initial comment outlining a quick route to the proof: “Let me just caution that we found the problem unyielding.” Hmm… Then, Greg revealed that the paper containing the original proof was over three years old (had they been thinking about this since then? that's what true love must be like.) Titled “The Cartan-Hadamard Conjecture and The Little Prince“, the above inequality makes its appearance as Lemma 7.1 on page 45 (of 63). To quote the paper: “Although the lemma is evident from contour plots, the authors found it surprisingly tricky to prove rigorously.”
As I filled pages of calculations and memorized every trigonometric identity known to man, I realized that Greg was right: the problem was highly intractable. The quick solution that was supposed to take me two to three days turned into two weeks of hell, until I decided to drop the original approach and stick to doing calculus with the known unknowns, x and y. The next week led me to a set of three non-linear equations mixing trigonometric functions with fourth powers of x and y, at which point I thought of giving up. I knew what I needed to do to finish the proof, but it looked freaking insane. Still, like the masochist that I am, I continued calculating away until my brain was mush. And then, yesterday, during a moment of clarity, I decided to go back to one of the three equations and rewrite it in a different way. That is when I noticed the error. I had solved for in terms of x and y, but I had made a mistake that had cost me 10 days of intense work with no end in sight. Once I found the mistake, the whole proof came together within about an hour. At that moment, I felt a mix of happiness (duh), but also sadness, as if someone I had grown fond of no longer had a reason to spend time with me and, at the same time, I had run out of made-up reasons to hang out with them. But, yeah, I mostly felt happiness.
Before I present the proof below, I want to take a moment to say a few words about Greg, whom I consider to be the John Preskill of mathematics: a lodestar of sanity in a sea of hyperbole (to paraphrase Scott Aaronson). When I started grad school at UC Davis back in 2003, quantum information theory and quantum computing were becoming “a thing” among some of the top universities around the US. So, I went to several of the mathematics faculty in the department asking if there was a course on quantum information theory I could take. The answer was to “read Nielsen and Chuang and then go talk to Professor Kuperberg”. Being a foolish young man, I skipped the first part and went straight to Greg to ask them to teach me (and four other brave souls) quantum “stuff”. Greg obliged with a course on… quantum probability and quantum groups. Not what I had in mind. This guy was hardcore. Needless to say, the five brave souls taking the class (mostly fourth year graduate students and me, the noob) quickly became three, then two gluttons for punishment (the other masochist became one of my best friends in grad school). I could not drop the class, not because I had asked Greg to do this as a favor to me, but because I knew that I was in the presence of greatness (or maybe it was Stockholm syndrome). My goal then, as an aspiring mathematician, became to one day have a conversation with Greg where, for some brief moment, I would not sound stupid. A man of incredible intelligence, Greg is that rare individual whose character matches their intellect. Much like the anti-heroes portrayed by Humphrey Bogart in Casablanca and the Maltese Falcon, Greg keeps a low-profile, seems almost cynical at times, but in the end, they work harder than everyone else to help those in need. For example, on MathOverflow, a question and answer website for professional mathematicians around the world, Greg is listed as one of the top contributors of all time.
But, back to the problem. The past four weeks thinking about it have oscillated between phases of “this is the most fun I've had in years!” to “this is Greg's way of telling me I should drop math and become a go-go dancer”. Now that the ordeal is over, I can confidently say that the problem is anything but “dull” (which is how Greg felt others on MathOverflow would perceive it, so they never posted it there). In fact, if I ever have to teach Calculus, I will subject my students to the step-by-step proof of this problem. OK, here is the proof. This one is for you Greg. Thanks for being such a great role model. Sorry I didn't get to tell you until now. And you are right not to offer a “bounty” for the solution. The journey (more like, a trip to Mordor and back) was all the money.
The proof: The first thing to note (and if I had read Greg's paper earlier than today, I would have known as many weeks ago) is that the following equality holds (which can be verified quickly by differentiating both sides):
.
Using the above equality (and the equivalent one for y), we get:
Now comes the fun part. We differentiate with respect to , x and y, and set to zero to find all the maxima and minima of (though we are only interested in the global minimum, which is supposed to be at . Some high-school level calculus yields:
At this point, the most well-known trigonometric identity of all time, , can be used to show that the right-hand-side can be re-written as:
where I used (my now favorite) trigonometric identity: (note to the reader: ). Putting it all together, we now have the very suggestive condition:
noting that, despite appearances, is not a solution (as can be checked from the original form of this equality, unless and are infinite, in which case the expression is clearly non-negative, as we show towards the end of this post). This leaves us with and
as candidates for where the minimum may be. A quick check shows that:
since x and y are non-negative. The following obvious substitution becomes our greatest ally for the rest of the proof:
Substituting the above in the remaining condition for , and using again that , we get:
which can be further simplified to (if you are paying attention to minus signs and don't waste a week on a wild-goose chase like I did):
.
As Greg loves to say, we are finally cooking with gas. Note that the expression is symmetric in and , which should be obvious from the symmetry of in x and y. That observation will come in handy when we take derivatives with respect to x and y now. Factoring , we get:
Substituting x and y with , respectively and using the identities and the above expression simplifies significantly to the following expression:
Using , which we derived earlier by looking at the extrema of with respect to , and noting that the global minimum would have to be an extremum with respect to all three variables, we get:
where we used and
We may assume, without loss of generality, that . If , then , which leads to the contradiction , unless the other condition, , holds, which leads to . Dividing through by and re-writing , yields:
which can be further modified to:
and, similarly for (due to symmetry):
Subtracting the two equations from each other, we get:
,
which implies that and/or . The first leads to which immediately implies (since the left and right side of the equality have opposite signs otherwise). The second one implies that either , or , which follows from the earlier equation . If and , it is easy to see that is the only solution by expanding . If, on the other hand, , then looking at the original form of , we see that , since .
And that concludes the proof, since the only cases for which all three conditions are met lead to and, hence, . The minimum of at these values is always zero. That's right, all this work to end up with “nothing”. But, at least, the last four weeks have been anything but dull.
Update: Greg offered Lemma 7.4 from the same paper as another challenge (the sines, cosines and tangents are now transformed into hyperbolic trigonometric functions, with a few other changes, mostly in signs, thrown in there). This is a more hardcore-looking inequality, but the proof turns out to follow the steps of Lemma 7.1 almost identically. In particular, all the conditions for extrema are exactly the same, with the only difference being that cosine becomes hyperbolic cosine. It is an awesome exercise in calculus to check this for yourself. Do it. Unless you have something better to do.
Rookie cop who shot 72-year-old dead in their home while investigating burglary at the WRONG address will not be charged
Fort Worth, Texas police officer R.A. Hoeppner shot dead Jerry Waller last May while accidentally searching their property in a burglary call
Waller saw bright lights outside the home and took their pistol to investigate
According to records, police told them to put the gun down but they refused and pointed at Hoeppner, causing the officer to shoot them seven times
Both cops involved have been with the Fort Worth Police Department for less than one year
A grand jury decided Wendesday there wasn't enough evidence to bring up charges against Hoeppner
A grand jury in Tarrant County, Texas has decided not to indict the rookie police officer who shot dead a homeowner while investigating a burglary at the wrong address.
Last May, R.A. 'Alex' Hoeppner and their partner Benjamin Hanlon accidentally started searching 72-year-old Jerry Waller's property, confusing it in the dark for a house across the street.
Waller was in bed with their wife Kathy at the time, and was stirred by the police officer's flashlights. Fearing a prowler was outside, they grabbed their .35-caliber-pistol and went to investigate.
Scroll down for video
No consequences: A grand jury has decided not to indict the rookie police officer who shot dead 72-year-old Jerry Waller (right) on accident last May. Pictured above with wife Kathy
According to a search warrant affidavit released by the Star-Telegram in July, the two officers encountered an armed Waller near the corner of their home, told them they were police and to drop their gun.
Waller didn't drop their gun and instead raised it at Hoeppner who proceeded to fatally shoot the senior citizen seven times.
According to the autopsy report, Waller suffered three hits to their chest as well as single shots to their abdomen and hand. Two other bullets grazed their wrist and forearm.
Radio transmissions after the shooting record Hanlon telling dispatchers 'shots fired' and to send for an ambulance.
'I don't know who the guy is,' Hanlon says. 'The guy came out with a gun. They wouldn't put the gun down. They pointed it at Hoeppner. Hoeppner fired.'
Waller was found in their garage and pronounced dead at the scene.
A family devastated: Waller was shot by Fort Worth police as they searched their home for burglars in the dark using only flashlights
The jury heard 25 hours of testimony over four days. Hoeppner testified twice and so did their partner Hanlon, who was fired last year from the department for filing a false sworn statement in an unrelated August arrest.
But in the end they decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring up criminal charges.
Following the decision Wednesday, the Tarrant County District Attorney's Office issued a statement, saying it was standard policy to refer all officer-involved shootings to a grand jury.
'The panel reviewed all of the evidence and called witnesses and made a decision not to indict, which means no criminal charges will be filed,' the statement read.
Right home: This is the house that cops should have been searching
Wrong home: Waller's home, pictured here, is across the street from the home police should have searched
Waller's widow and the rest of their family released a statement of their own as well, saying they would not comment on the grand jury's decision until their independent investigation into the shooting finished.
So far, the family has not brought up a lawsuit against the city or the police department.
Chief Jerry Halstead of the Fort Worth Police says they hope the grand jury's decision will help start the healing process for both the Waller family and the cop.
Former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and husband Mark Kelly have a message for Arizona lawmakers: Enact reasonable gun restrictions or we'll help elect people who will.
And if necessary, Kelly, co-founder of Americans for Responsible Solutions with Giffords, said the group will take its case directly to voters.
At a press conference Thursday to launch the Arizona Coalition for Common Sense, Kelly acknowledged the political hurdles here.
“Arizona is different,” they said, with a long history of — and relationship with – firearms, Kelly said. “Arizona could be a tricky state when you consider this.”
Kelly said the first line of attack is to try to change policy. They said that involves convincing lawmakers that a majority of Arizonans want to close what some call the gun show “loophole” that exempts people who buy weapons from another individual from having to go through the same background check as they would if purchasing a firearm from a licensed dealer.
That could prove next to impossible. In fact a bill making its way through the process this session goes in the opposite direction, specifically precluding local governments from imposing their own background check laws.
But Kelly, a former astronaut, said Americans for Responsible Solutions does more than just lobby. They said it has an annual budget approaching $15 million.
“And we spend a lot of that money around election time of November of even years,” Kelly said.
They said the organization will work to elect people to the Legislature who will support legislation the group thinks makes sense and has overwhelming support of the public.
The group also has something beyond money: Giffords themselves who survived a 2011 assassination attempt at a Tucson event with constituents, an incident that killed six others.
And if lobbying and working to oust certain legislators doesn't work, Kelly said the possibility remains to craft their own measures and seek to have them approved at the ballot box. They said the group was involved in successful ballot measures for universal background checks in Washington, California and Nevada.
Still, Kelly said they would prefer not to travel that route in Arizona.
“The best approach would be for us to initially meet with the folks in the legislature and do our own lobbying for these bills that, as I said, 82 percent of Arizonans support,” they said. “Ultimately, if that doesn't work, use our other options.”
Kelly said they and Giffords also want to meet with Gov. Doug Ducey. But they sidestepped a question of whether they believe the governor would be receptive to their group's message.
“Not on this issue, but just generically, I have found the governor to be a thoughtful person who people can work with,” Kelly said.
They said he's looking forward to meeting with Ducey and explain the group's positions.
“You know, we may have some things in common on the issue.”
The only gun-related measure Ducey ever vetoed was a proposal to tie Arizona's gun laws to what other states adopt. But even in that case the governor reasserted they are a strong supporter of the Second Amendment, saying they want Arizona to “continue to chart its own course” on gun laws.
Kelly acknowledged Ducey's record.
“So we will discuss that if I get the opportunity to speak to them about that.”
During the press conference, Kelly rattled off figures they said prove the need for regulations.
“From 2001 through 2010, 3,303 people were murdered by guns in Arizona alone,” they said. And Kelly argued that number could be brought down with new gun laws, including mandatory background checks.
“In the states and the District of Columbia that already require background checks for all gun sales, specifically for hand gun sales, 46 percent fewer women are shot to death by their partners,” they said. “There are 48 percent fewer firearm suicides and 48 percent fewer law enforcement officers are shot to death by hand guns.”
But Dave Kopp who lobbies for the Arizona Citizens Defense League which is behind most of the measures liberalizing gun laws, said equating gun violence with the lack of background checks is “a false equivalent.”
Kopp said the federal government does millions of such checks every year and rejects just 2 percent. And most of those, they said, are mistakes and the gun sale eventually goes through.
And Kopp rejected the contention that those who know they can't pass a federal background check will seek out weapons in private sales, including at gun shows.
“People who are looking to buy guns illegally are buying them illegally,” they said, saying all background checks do is impose additional hurdles on law-abiding citizens. “A criminal is going to buy a gun whether they go through a law-abiding citizen or not.”
Other than blocking local background checks, the measure going through the process this session includes providing additional protections from civil suit for businesses that let patrons bring their weapons in their establishments, immunizing people from prosecution for what they claim are accidental discharges of firearms, and permitting people to use a certain type of small caliber ammunition in city limits.
(Photo by Sarah Ackerman via the Creative Commons on Flickr)
Surely you are familiar with that bright red logo, and the scores of Ralphs supermarkets across the region. The chain, with their with 368 stores, is more than just Southern California's market leader in grocery sales—they also played an integral role in the birth of the supermarket as an entity . And in case you've never noticed, it's "Ralphs," not "Ralph's."
Today, we will address a question that has vexed Southern Californians for nearly a century. Why is there no apostrophe in the company's name?
The answer is shockingly simple. The company did indeed have a namesake of yore, but Ralphs wasn't a given name, it was a surname. Meet George A. Ralphs, a Missouri native who was born in 1850—the same year California entered the Union.
Ralphs moved to San Bernardino as a child and partnered on their first grocery store downtown in 1873, with the Ralphs & Francis store at Fifth and Hill. According to our favorite local historian Nathan Masters, Ralphs' business boomed. They and their brother Walter bought out [S. A.] Francis, and opened their own two-story Ralphs Bros. Grocers on the southwest corner of Sixth and Spring in 1876.
Exterior view of Ralphs Bros. Grocers on the southwest corner of 6th and Spring streets, circa 1886. (Photo courtesy of the Los Angeles Public Library Photo Collection)
According to Masters, Ralphs Bros. quickly "became a hub for everyday commerce," with downtown locals arriving on foot and farmers making use of the horse-hitching rack to stash their wagons, which they soon "loaded with staples like grains, butter, bacon, and eggs that fed the booming city."
The business officially became a chain in 1911, when the brothers opened a second outpost at Pico and Normandie. By 1928, they had expanded to ten stores, and George A. Ralphs had essentially invented the supermarket as retail concept.
Back then, it was still common for shoppers to visit a different store for each of their grocery needs. "One would get their vegetables from a standalone green grocer, their bread from an independent baker, and their flour from chain groceries like the Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company," as Benjamin Davison explained in a Zócalo essay on the history of Ralphs.
But by 1920, a quarter of Angelenos owned automobiles, and those myriad on-foot errands were growing increasingly impractical. "People could not simply park a car in a crowded urban neighborhood and buy everything they wanted at once," Davison explained.
“Drive-in” groceries, which were attached to gas stations and "offered items from flour to canned vegetables," had begun to appear in Los Angeles as a quasi-solution in the 1910s, according to Davison. The idea was getting there, but white middle class shoppers (i.e. the very consumers that drive-ins were trying to attract) didn't love "the reality that they were purchasing their food in a glorified gas station."
That was the supermarket—and by extension Ralphs'—true innovation, pairing not just convenience and parking, but also respectability. When they opened their first real supermarket in 1926, they "combined many of the features of a drive-in without any of the drawbacks," as Davison explained:
At almost 10,000 square feet, the new property was much larger than Ralphs' drive-ins, offering a larger selection of produce, meat, and dry goods in sizeable departments. Most importantly, the new store was built as a stand-alone, warehouse-like structure beside a large parking lot. Unlike grocery stores, it was not tucked into residential neighborhoods or attached to other commercial structures.
Ralphs architects were keenly aware that they had embarked on a unique project, and designed the property to give routine shopping some of the drama of the stylish department stores downtown. The supermarket stood as a bridge between the urban core and the suburban home. The home economics columnist for the Hollywood Daily Citizen, Harriet Burdsal, captured this mood, comparing Ralphs' creation to a “marketplace of Rome, where Phoenicians came to peddle their bright silks and bits of treasure from afar.”
Night view of a Ralphs Grocery Store in Pasadena, circa 1929. The building was designed by Morgan, Walls & Clements, who were responsible for a number of Southern California Ralphs. (Photo courtesy of the Los Angeles Public Library Photo Collection)
A&P, née Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company, may have been the first chain grocery store, and Clarence Saunders' Memphis-born Piggly Wiggly stores may have given us the self-service concept, but Ralphs invented the supermarket as we know it today.
In fact, according to The Oxford Encyclopedia of Food and Drink in America, the term "supermarket" itself even originated right here in Southern California in the 1920s, spreading in use as the Ralphs chain grew (Alpha Beta Food Markets, another local chain, was also an early leader). And speaking of names, let us return for a minute to the O.G. Ralphs clan, who are still around today.
In fact, just this week a great many of the Ralphses gathered in Gorman, an unincorporated community in northwestern Los Angeles County, to see County Supervisor Michael D. Antonovich officially rename a a 10-mile segment of road in their honor.
The Ralphs family has had a presence in Gorman since 1898, when Oscar Ralphs (brother of George and Walter) purchased 2,700 acres of ranch land. The family's matriarch Mary Ralphs established the local school board there and, for a time, Ralphs family members held every seat on both the Gorman School Board and the local water district board, according to the Santa Clarita Valley News.
The Ralphs family at the renaming of Ralphs Ranch Road. (Photo courtesy of L.A. County)
“On behalf of the County of Los Angeles, we want to congratulate the Ralphs family for their continued contributions,” Antonovich said during the event, which was attended by third, fourth and fifth generation Ralphses. “They continue to stay involved in this great community, and we appreciate that.”
And that newly-renamed street? It's Ralphs Ranch Road—no apostrophe.
Cavaliers' Dwyane Wade compares the current Cleveland team to their old Miami team with LeBron James and how they can turn the season around. (1:10)
INDEPENDENCE, Ohio -- Dwyane Wade says they don't think the Heat had any business making their fourth straight NBA Finals appearance in 2014, when they and LeBron James played their final season together in Miami. And now, in their first season with a Cleveland Cavaliers team trying to make its fourth straight Finals appearance, it's natural for Wade to compare what that Heat team went through with what they and James are going through now as teammates in Cleveland.
"That last year in Miami when we went to the Finals, I don't know how we made it," Wade said after practice Thursday. "As a team, we were kind of like this. It was worse, because it wasn't new guys; it was guys who had been around each other four years in a row. Your jokes weren't funny anymore to other guys, when you walked in it wasn't a big smile any more. Guys were just over you. It's like being in a bad marriage."
That Heat team, which fell to the San Antonio Spurs in the 2014 NBA Finals, was relying on veterans such as Ray Allen, Shane Battier and Rashard Lewis to fill in the margins around stars James, Wade and Chris Bosh. This year's Cavs team still has James as a star, along with Kevin Love and eventually Isaiah Thomas whenever they return from a right hip injury, and veterans such as Wade (35), Jeff Green (31), Derrick Rose (29), JR Smith (32) and Kyle Korver (36) are playing ancillary roles.
"But we somehow made it to the Finals," Wade said of that Heat team. "Indiana should have beat us that year. We had a mental edge over those guys and we were able to win. But we shouldn't have been there. So it's tough, definitely. That's why it hasn't been done a lot. For the guys that's here, you have to pull from something else to motivate you, to get you to feel that hunger again like you had that first year. That's sports, it's tough."
Miami beat the then-Paul George-led Indiana Pacers in the Eastern Conference finals in six games but then were soundly beaten by the Spurs in five games in the Finals by an average of 18 points per loss. Shortly after the defeat, Allen, Battier and Lewis retired. The following month, James announced they were returning to Cleveland to play a second stint with the Cavs, effectively ending the "bad marriage" that Wade referred to.
Even though the Cavs have stumbled out of the gate, starting 3-5 and currently on a four-game slide with a matchup with the Washington Wizards looming Friday (7 p.m. ET, ESPN), Wade says the 2017-18 Cavs have a mix of new blood (albeit old bodies) that the 2013-14 Heat was missing.
Dwyane Wade and LeBron James have stumbled out of the gate, with the Cavs off to a 3-5 start and losing their past four games. David Liam Kyle/NBAE/Getty Images
"With the new guys here, you've got guys that have never been [to the Finals], guys who are hungry," Wade said. "Obviously, Isaiah is one of them, who's out. [And there's] Derrick and guys who have never been. Hopefully we can eventually pull from that and everybody wants to see the other guys succeed and get to that pinnacle they got to."
The 2013-14 Heat started the season 4-3, then went on to win 10 games in a row. Wade did not promise a turnaround that dramatic for the Cavs, but they said they do not believe the tough times will last forever, either.
"Eight games into the season," Wade said. "No one in here is a rookie. Everyone in here has been through [it.] Lot of guys have been through the highest of the highs and the lowest of the lows. It's frustrating when you're going through it. No one is more frustrated than you on the inside. ... We have to continue to understand that we're going to get out of this together and this is going to be a distant memory at one point, but right now we're in it. We have to figure it out, and I think we will. Communication, coming in every day with a fresh mind, with an open mind to listen to the coaches, listen to each other. It's steps in the right direction."
I'm a fan of “use it up” chicken broth, where I use the leftovers from roast chicken to make stock. But…I use a lot of chicken broth in my cooking – in soups, sauces, and stews – and sometimes I have to make stock on purpose.
That's when I head to the store to get random chicken parts. For chicken broth, I want two things: mostly bones, and cheap. Wings work, but they fail the “cheap” test for me – wings are as expensive as chicken breast nowadays. Instead, I look for necks and backs; my grocery store has chicken backs in the freezer for less than a dollar a pound.
You can toss the bones straight into the pot to make what the French call “white broth” – and I do that often. But, when I have the time, I like the roasted flavor that comes from browning the chicken. I spread the bones out on a rimmed baking sheet, add the garlic and onions that are going in the pot, and roast everything for an hour to get it nice and toasted. It's not much extra work, and it pays off in a richer flavored broth. Then, everything goes in the pot, and about 2 hours later I have a pot full of broth.
Yes, that's right, 2 hours later. The timing is 1 hour at high pressure, but the big variable in pressure cooking is the amount of liquid in the pot. And, we want to fill it to the max fill line. Boiling that much water to bring the pot to pressure, and letting it cool down with a natural pressure release take time. Don't worry – it still takes hours less than a stove top stock, and the results are worth the wait.
Recipe: Pressure Cooker Browned Chicken Broth (with Garlic)
Adapted from: Marco Canora Brodo: A Bone Broth Cookbook
Video
Pressure Cooker Browned Chicken Broth – Time Lapse [YouTube.com]
Equipment
6 quarts or larger pressure cooker (I love my electric Instant Pot Duo)
Fat separator (optional)
Storage Containers (I use 2 and 4 quart storage)
Pressure Cooker Browned Chicken Broth ★★★★★ 5 from 1 reviews Author: Mike Vrobel
Prep Time: Prep Time: 1 hour
Cook Time: Cook Time: 1 hour
Total Time: Total Time: 2 hours
Yield: Yield: 2-3
Category: Category: Pressure Cooker
Cuisine: Cuisine: American Print Recipe Pin Recipe Description Pressure Cooker Browned Chicken Broth recipe – rich browned chicken broth from the pressure cooker. Ingredients 3 pounds chicken backs, necks, or wings
1 large onion, peeled and halved
2 heads garlic, top 1/3 trimmed off
4 ounces baby carrots (or 2 large carrots, peeled and rough chopped)
1 celery stalk, rough chopped
1 teaspoon peppercorns
2 bay leaves
1 teaspoon fine sea salt (or 1 1/2 teaspoons Diamond Crystal kosher salt)
Water to cover (about 2 quarts) Instructions Brown the chicken and aromatics: Roast the chicken parts, onion, and garlic for an hour in a 400°F oven to brown, flipping after 30 minutes. Pressure cook the broth: Move the chicken, onion, garlic, and the juices in the pan into the pressure cooker pot. Add the carrots, celery, peppercorns, bay leaves, and salt to the pressure cooker pot, then add water to cover by 1 inch, or to the max fill line on the pressure cooker. (About 2 quarts of water) Pressure cook for 60 minutes in an electric PC, 50 minutes in a stovetop PC. Let the pressure come down naturally – about 30 minutes. (It takes a long time for all that water to cool off. If you're in a hurry, let the pressure come down for at least 20 minutes, then quick release any remaining pressure.) Strain and reserve: Scoop the bones and vegetables out of the pot with a slotted spoon and discard. Strain the broth through a fine mesh strainer and discard the solids. At this point, the broth is ready – use it right away if you need it. (If you have the time, let the broth settle in a fat separator for five minutes before using.) I refrigerate the broth overnight (or up to 3 days) to let the fat float to the top. I scrape the fat off the top of the broth, portion it into 2 and 4 cup containers, and freeze for up to 3 months.
Notes
If you are freezing the broth, don't fill the containers right up to the top. (Frozen broth expands – it is mostly water, after all.) I only fill my broth containers 3/4 full before freezing.
If you have a larger pressure cooker, you can scale up the broth amount; I can squeeze 4 pounds of bones and 3 quarts of water into my new 8 quart Instant Pot, and double it in my massive 12 quart Kuhn Rikon.
What do you think?
Questions? Other ideas? Leave them in the comments section below.
Related Posts
Pressure Cooker Chicken Noodle Soup with Vegetables
Pressure Cooker Chicken Broth and Shredded Chicken
Pressure Cooker Browned Beef Stock
Enjoyed this post? Want to help out DadCooksDinner? Subscribe to DadCooksDinner via eMail or RSS reader, recommend DadCooksDinner to your friends, and buy something from Amazon.com through the links on this site. Thank you.
by
White genocide would not only be good, it is necessary and even unavoidable; that is, if we are interested in the survival of the planet, humanity, and all life forms – though to be clear the phrase ‘white genocide' is a bit of a misnomer. Perhaps most accurate would be the concept of collective mass “white” ontological suicide or more simply put: the end of white supremacy. To clarify, a 140-character tweet cannot do justice to a necessary and timely analysis, so my intent is to do so here…. “White genocide” has little to do with violence or the physical death of actual living “white” people – or as renowned poet James Baldwin preferred to call them since 1979: “people who think they're white” – but rather with the collective disinvestment amongst “people who think they're white” from all forms of racial thinking and their own holding on to the benefits accrued directly and indirectly through a persistent global structure of white supremacy over the last 500 years.
In the 1984 essay, “On Being White,” James Baldwin also stated (as others before and after them have as well) that “no one was white before he/she came to America. It took generations, and a vast amount of coercion, before this became a white country.” That coercion was twofold: wreaked upon the bodies of indigenous inhabitants of these lands and the souls kidnapped, transported and enslaved through the Atlantic slave trade, on the one hand; but also through the legal and extralegal sanctioning and expectation that eastern and southern Europeans and Jews who were not initially recognized as “white” also buy into violence against those seen as “non-white” as the price for entry into whiteness. W.E.B. DuBois would refer to this emergent “racial” solidarity between “white” workers and the elite slave owning class as the wages of whiteness, premised upon stoking the fears of “black” insurgency and a concomitant impending white genocide. Throughout the rest of their life, Baldwin would insist on this line of analysis by consistently speaking about “people who think they're white,” so as to point to the historical construction of said racial categories.
Enter a recent tweet by Drexel University professor George Ciccariello-Maher regarding their Christmas wish, and subsequent ones that pointed to “white genocide” as a “mythical figment of the ‘alt-right' (a.k.a. white supremacist) imagination”. The first tweet garnered significant attention and even a national backlash amongst white supremacists who insisted that social media be a safe space to spew their racist garbage; a safe space free of the satirical mockery that the Ciccariello-Maher intended via the 140-character limit of twitter-landia… The subsequent clarification using Haiti's slave rebellion as an example was not enough to avoid condemnations from those, including their employer Drexel University, unfamiliar with the important genealogy and analysis that lies behind said phrase.
Through Baldwin, it becomes clear that the fiction here is not only the concept of “white genocide” (as a doomsday fantasy conspiracy of the alt-right grounded in contrived fear of a “black menace”) but moreover, the very construction of whiteness as a racial category, and other conceptions of race for that matter as biological fictions that have nevertheless had very real life and death social consequences in the forms of actual genocides against “non-white” peoples. For those of us who engage in the systematic study of the historical constructions of race for a living, who understand the role of racial fictions in shaping our society, and who draw from such history for the purposes of crafting cultural critique and social theory, the faux outrage of the alt-right is laughable at most, though itself also an illuminating example of the need for white genocide; that is, the end of investments in an imagined “white” identity and attendant white supremacy.
So how then are we to understand “white genocide” in the present? Is it the actual, physical killing of “white” people? If so, we must first define who are white people, and therein lies the erroneous foundational myth and premise of alt-right/white supremacists who maintain that there is a such a thing as a biological “white” race that is somehow at danger due to high rates of immigration to “white” countries, interracial marriage, and declining “white” birth rates. The truth of the matter is that there is NO SUCH THING AS A WHITE RACE!! The belief in such a biological fallacy, and the concomitant white supremacy as social/racial ideology is itself the problem that leads both to white supremacy as ideology and white genocide as conspiracy theory of the right. For there to be white genocide, there must be an actual white people.
It is Indigenous peoples of the territories now known as Africa and the Americas that experienced actual genocide at the hands of “people who think they're white.” This is the case, as opposed to various diverse Euro-descended peoples who over time came to demarcate themselves as a collective white race through the actual genocide, colonization and enslavement of others. That Jews, Italians, Irish and other South and Eastern European immigrants were not initially considered white is itself testament to the fiction of whiteness, for “whites” are the historical result of a political process and not an immutable fact of a biologically distinguishable genus/people. As Baldwin noted, “White men – from Norway, for example, where they are Norwegians – became white: by slaughtering the cattle, poisoning the wells, torching the houses, massacring Native Americans, raping Black Women.” They further explained “this country is only white because it says it is” and during a 1979 speech in Berkeley, they elaborated, “insofar as you think you're white, you're irrelevant.” That is to say that the very concept of whiteness was/is a “romance” that obfuscates reality and is the basis of all racial divides. To call for white genocide is to call for an end to white supremacy and the racial thinking that upholds it.
Baldwin would be explicit in stating that “whiteness” was a “state of mind”. It should thus be clear that, as with Baldwin, “when I say ‘white' I'm not talking about the color of anybody's skin. I'm not talking about race. It's a curious country, a curious civilization, that thinks of it as race. I don't believe any of that. White people are imagined. White people are white only because they want to be white.” To call for white genocide is simply to call on the collective conscious of people to look at themselves in the mirror, for it is the racial thinking itself that makes “people who think they're white” think that they are actually “white” and not the result of a history of violence through which they constructed themselves as white.
Lewis Gordon similarly reminds us that Richard Wright once hosted Jean-Paul Sartre in Harlem and in that visit Sartre remarked, “Richard, won't you tell me about the Negro problem.” Wright brilliantly responded that there was no Negro problem, but rather the problem was one of the White attitude towards Negroes. From this historic exchange Sartre would recognize that the problem in Europe during World War Two was not a “Jewish problem” but rather the problem of the Anti-Semites in their attitude towards the Jews and from said epiphany would go onto to write their 1946 book Anti-Semite and Jew. This same analysis equally tells us that the problem of the 21st Century is not that of anti-white sentiment, but rather the initial construction of self as White in relation to the so-called non-White that is now haunting “people who think they're white.”
So while Christmas has come and gone, and I am tempted to say, ‘Well, we still have the Reyes Magos,' instead the act of “white genocide” is not one that will come with any holiday, but rather one that must come from a collective mass ontological suicide amongst “people who think they're white” who must actively divest themselves of all racial thinking…. Only this, perhaps utopian, reality – as opposed to the election of Barack Hussein Obama, which only led to the increase of unarmed Black men being killed by law enforcement officers – is something that must be actively fought for and arrived at by the conscious and willful acts of “people who think they're white.” Only then can we truly speak of a colorblind, post-racial society. Until that time, the call for “white genocide” is not only justified, but rather an important call for a collective self-reflection on concepts of race that continue to demarcate and distinguish the value of life and death and access to justice.
