Altcoins Market Watch – Sept 7th
In terms of sheer volume this week BitsharesX remains the one to watch. However tor based Anonymity player Stealthcoin (XST) has made some interesting strides up an impressive 593.79% from this time last week. While numbers that high usually indicate a quick crash as token holders get out to lock in profits and fund development, Stealthcoin will be one to keep an eye on once it has settled in at it's new equilibrium.
Bitmark (BTM) gets today's honors for most improved with an 86.21% bump. Having launched in mid-august it seems they are beginning the now typical early push new tokens are so apt to enjoy. How it fairs after the initial push is always the looming question but for now BTM holders, enjoy the ride.
Riding right behind Bitmark is Qora (QORA) is up 34.92% today and 41.50% for the week. Possibly getting a nudge from news of their new trading platform preparing to launch. Fully functional trading platforms being the current soup de jour for the crypto community. Although for my part I'm excited to find out how far along into colored coin development Qora might be. Fungibility concerns not withstanding I am curious to see how that feature will be put to use.
Looking on the downside of things it looks like Monero (XMR) has slipped a bit despite showing stronger volume than usual. Down a full 18.53% this week, it appears XMR's price will be settling down a bit after last weeks peek where the market cap touched 7.9 million USD. While at one time I associated them with the Omniwallet race (making them a hot commodity) currently they seem to be in something of a holding pattern. Sitting up at #13 on market cap, XMR is still one to watch.
Following behind Stealthcoin in the most improved (out of the top 100) category is Halcyon (HAL) with a 211.97% jump this week. While HAL's price seems to have stopped gaining today. Given it's relatively low volume and difficult to identify innovation I'd be reluctant to move on Halcyon just yet but I'm open to them making me regret saying that in the coming weeks.
For now the usual market dynamic with Bitcoin/Litecoin at the very top and smaller players like Dogecoin nipping at their heels is still in play. Ripple, BitsharesX, and NXT are all still positioned well to make a run at the 2.0 crown but I suspect barring any sudden developments they will remain in their current deathlock until the market can decide who has the better trading platform.
While I've already written about my experience with BitsharesX in a two part series, I am currently testing out NXT's “Secure Asset Exchange” called the SAE.
Find out how NXT's platform performs in my review coming later this week.
Itchy Eyes? Sneezing? Maybe Blame That Allergy On Neanderthals
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pierre Andrieu/AFP/Getty Images Pierre Andrieu/AFP/Getty Images
Many people have Neanderthal genes in their DNA that predispose them to allergies, two studies published Thursday have found.
"So I suppose that some of us can blame Neanderthals for our susceptibility to common allergies, like hay fever," says Janet Kelso of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany, who led one of the teams.
Scientists once thought of Neanderthals as brutish creatures who had little in common with modern humans. But as more evidence turned up, researchers realized Neanderthals were more sophisticated than previously thought and sometimes mated with early Homo sapiens.
"When modern humans were coming out of Africa, they met the Neanderthals who were living at that time in Europe and western Asia, interbred with them and carried with them some of the Neanderthal DNA as they migrated out into wider parts of the continent," Kelso says.
So Kelso and their colleagues and a second team from the Pasteur Institute decided to search through human DNA collected by the 1,000 Genomes Project for genes from Neanderthals and a third kind of early human — the Denisovans — that may be involved in regulating immunity.
Both teams identified three genes from these two extinct groups that play a role today in controlling a part of the human immune system known as "innate immunity."
"When the body detects that there is some foreign substance in the body, these are the guys that react immediately," Kelso says. "It kind of calls in the big guns" by mobilizing key immune system cells to attack.
They report the findings in two papers in the American Journal of Human Genetics.
These genes would have helped enable early humans to survive new diseases encountered as they traveled throughout the world, Kelso says.
"It's not surprising, right?" Kelso says. "Neanderthals were living in Europe and western Asia for 200,000 years before modern humans arrived on the scene. And that means that they'd had time to adapt to the local environment," including pathogens.
And when humans arrived and bred with the Neanderthals, it makes sense that evolutionary pressures would make it more likely that these ancestors of modern humans retained genes that allowed them to "adapt quickly and rapidly to local pathogens," Kelso says.
But there appears to be a downside for people who still carry these particular genes today. The same bits of DNA make the immune system more likely to overreact to certain stimuli such as pollen and animal hair, and increase the risk of developing other sorts of allergies.
"This is a trade-off of sorts," Kelso says. It remains unclear whether those genes also are still protecting people from pathogens, they and other scientists say.
"That's sort of the $1 million question," says Lluis Qutintana-Murci, with the Pasteur Institute in Paris, who led the second research team. "What was good in the past may or may not be good for us today."
But it is clear that Neanderthal genes do more than just affect the immune system. Previous research found Neanderthal DNA seems to influence human hair and skin, for example.
"I think this is really just the tip of the iceberg about how mating with Neanderthals influences all sorts of traits today," says Josh Akey, a professor of genome sciences at the University of Washington who studies Neanderthal and human DNA.
I know some people will not like what i'm going to write here, So should user's use ART runtime? No! .
First let's talk about Google-in-Go (Go), Go is the language from Google and Android is the mobile OS from Google. So far there is no Android SDK for Go, and Go doesn't support JNI so switch to ART sound a good idea since ART can compile to two banckends "Quick" and "Portable" "JIT and LLVM".
If it's LLVM, that pretty much opens the door for running Native Client apps on Android, and possibly even merging Android with ChromeOS, right?
Go 2.0 can handle 64-bit much better than 32-bit and 64-bit applications is Google next target. Porting Android's Dalvik to 64-bit would be like converting a subcompact econobox into an all terrain SUV. It would make far more sense to throw it away and start from scratch, where scratch is, for Google, ART + Go
Why Go?
Go is fast, Go launguage is bundled with high quality libraries, Go is from Google!
.
Now, FlexyCore. Flexycore's most prominent product is "droidbooster," /generating heavily optimized ARM binaries/ an app that will make your Android device run 10x faster and increase battery life... sound familiar? "ART"
FlexyCore was development outside the public eye, And now Google acquisition the company for $23.1 million!, Google statement was: The FlexyCore team has strong expertise in building software to optimize Android device performance, and we think they'd be a great fit with our team.
Let's talk again why not to use ART now?
Android is implemented in Java. Pretty much all of Google Play Services is implemented in Java.
That means android can rely less on the fact that graphics and guts of many UI widgets are native code under a thin layer of Java. Android was always a Java OS. So you will not find any different if you switch to ART unless you are doing significant computation in your own app, a synthetic benchmark will vastly over-emphasize the impact of a better JIT. ART is there only so Google can obtain early feedback from developer's and partner's.
Sources:
(ycombinator - arstechnica - paradigmx - Android)
There has been a lot of talk about how big an influence social media will play in the UK election later this year.
Are your political candidates even on social media? And if so, how are they using it? Are they answering your questions?
With our unique resource, search, follow and engage with the General Election candidates in your area. This allows you to find the election candidates on Twitter in your constituency so you can follow them and start asking them questions right away.
As more candidates join twitter in the run up to the election we will refresh the data [source] which means we'll get to see how the individuals and parties may react in the meantime.
The Big List Of UK General Election Candidates On Twitter
Here is a list of the candidates for the 2015 UK general election.
First off, you should register to vote if you haven't already. Once you have, comes back here to find your candidates on Twitter.
Look for your constituency name in the search box below to see who has announced that they will be running in the 2015 general election. We've added their Twitter profiles, so you can get in touch with them easily.
If you don't already know what constituency you are in, you can use this tool to work it out from your post code.
Why not follow your candidates now and ask them the questions which matter to you, before voting day rolls around on Thursday 7 May 2015.
We've also built a Twitter list of all the election candidates on Twitter, subscribe here on Twitter.
If you're an MP and new to Twitter or have a profile not linked to your name in anyway and want to be included in our list let us know on Twitter @wetransmute.
Related Posts
Who Is Winning The Social Media Election?
Data Disclaimer & Source
We used the https://yournextmp.com/ data set, and then combined that with data mined out of Twitter.
Why did we choose to analyse Twitter and not Facebook?
Twitter is the most open and searchable (and media friendly) social network.
Twitter has a lot more political sway as Newspapers and TV quote tweets directly (rarely, do they quote directly from Facebook).
Image caption The application is being fronted by former Labour MP Dave Nellist (right)
The Trade Union and Socialist Coalition has launched a bid to be designated as the official campaign to get Britain out of the European Union.
And it is threatening legal action if either Vote Leave or Grassroots Out are chosen instead.
The party says neither group can speak for anti-austerity campaigners who want to leave the EU, due to their "pro-business" and "reactionary" views.
A decision will be made by the Electoral Commission on 14 April.
The Commission can select one designated lead campaign for both the "Leave" and "Remain" sides ahead of the referendum on EU membership on 23 June.
The watchdog will judge each applicant's merits on the basis of a range of criteria, such as level of cross-party support, campaign tactics and organisational capacity.
The chosen campaigns will get access to a grant of up to £600,000, an overall spending limit of £7m, campaign broadcasts, free mailshots and free access to meeting rooms.
On the Leave side, it had been expected to be a straight fight between two groups - Vote Leave, which is backed by London Mayor Boris Johnson, cabinet ministers including Michael Gove, UKIP MP Douglas Carswell - and Grassroots Out, which is supported by Tory MPs Peter Bone and Tom Pursglove, UKIP leader Nigel Farage and Labour MP Kate Hoey among others.
'Exit left'
But in a surprise move the TUSC has joined the fray by applying to the Electoral Commission for selection as the official Leave campaign.
Only one group, Britain Stronger in Europe, has applied to be the lead Remain campaign.
The TUSC claims the other exit groups cannot meet the test set down by the 2000 Political Parties and Representation Act requiring referendum campaigners to "adequately represent" all those campaigning for a desired outcome.
Image copyright PA Image caption Nigel Farage is among those backing Grassroots Out
"We want the Electoral Commission to recognise the reality that while we can't claim to represent the hedge funds which fund UKIP and the Tories, they can't claim to represent the anti-austerity millions who want their voices to be heard," said Clive Heemskerk, the TUSC's national agent.
Choosing either Vote Leave or Grassroots Out to carry the flag for the Leave campaign would be a "political decision", Mr Heemskerk said, which would exclude all those arguing for "an exit left" strategy and would give the Remain campaign a "five to ten point boost".
While admitting the TUSC's original intention was to call for neither group to be chosen, they said it had submitted a "serious application" after concluding its concerns would not be addressed.
The TUSC was only set up in 2010 - but Mr Heemskerk said its anti-EU stance was rooted in the left's historic opposition to the Union as a vehicle for corporate interests. They dismissed Labour supporters of Vote Leave and Grassroots Out as "pro-business Blarites".
'Dictated'
The TUSC application is being fronted by ex-MP Dave Nellist, a former backbench ally of Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.
Mr Nellist was deselected as a Labour candidate in 1992 and later expelled from the party for their links to the Trotskyist group Militant.
Mr Heemskerk said Mr Corbyn's personal scepticism about the EU was well known but Labour's official policy of campaigning to remain in had been "dictated" by those on the centre and centre-right of the party.
"The socialist voice against the EU has been muzzled," they claimed. "It is a tragedy that Tony Benn and Bob Crow died two years ago. They would have been crystal clear."
The TUC, the main umbrella group for Britain's trade unions, backs staying in the EU although some unions are uneasy about Labour's role in the campaign so far and some have decided to remain neutral.
Rail union the RMT, which is not affiliated to Labour and which has funded its own anti-EU party in the past, is bankrolling the TUSC bid to for official designation.
Mr Heemskerk said other unions were considering their stance and Unison, on whose executive committee TUSC has strong representation, could support its call to not cooperate with the Leave campaign.
'Terrific reach'
Asked whether TUSC had the organisational capacity to run a referendum campaign, they said it put up more than 130 candidates at last year's general election and joked that the RMT had shown itself able to "bring London to a standstill" in past Tube strike action.
They also warned the party would not rule anything out if "its arguments were not listened to".
"If we don't get a meeting with the Electoral Commission, then there is a strong case for a judicial review."
Vote Leave is backed by a number of Labour MPs, including Gisela Stuart and Labour-supporting business person John Mills while Grassroots Out's supporters include Labour's Kate Hoey and former Respect MP George Galloway.
Grassroots Out welcomed TUSC's intervention and said it hoped it would play a role in the campaign, whoever won the designation.
"Trade Union and Socialist Coalition has terrific reach across the country and it's great to have workers' voices so well represented," said Brendan Chilton, general secretary of Labour Go.
"We look forward to working with them towards our common goal to free the UK from the shackles of the EU."
The Electoral Commission said it had the option to meet the representatives of the different groups to clarify points or seek further information.
"The Commission will make its decision on designation of lead campaigners, as soon as practicable within the period from 1 to 14 April," it said in a statement.
"The Commission will also publish on its website information about how the decision was reached, including the application forms submitted by campaigners," it said.
When you think about it, the Lock Screen is the first thing you see when you turn your iPhone/iPod touch on, yet what you do in the Lock Screen is very limited. That's where atom comes in. atom extends the use of the Lock Screen by allowing you the option to choose between any of 6 applications you want to launch, right from your Lock Screen. Getting to your favourite applications has never been so quick and intuitive. atom also re-imagines a new and innovative way of unlocking your iPhone/iPod touch with the ease of almost a flick (up) gesture.
atom Overview:
• All-new design style for iOS 8
• Works with Touch ID and Passcode enabled devices
• Quick access to your 6 favourite apps from the Lock Screen
• Dynamic grabber depending on your choice of wallpaper
• Incredibly smooth hands-on animations
• Redesigned preference panel for better usability
• Ergonomically/Intuitively designed for everyday use
"There have been Lock screen tweaks that have allowed you to launch directly into an app before, but none of them featured the beautifully animated style of atom"
- iDownloadBlog
"It's all so smooth... I just drag the grabber around the screen, playing with the icons and forget why I was unlocking my phone in the first place."
-9to5mac
"atom is a big improvement to the stock Lock Screen that I believe any power user would love for their iOS device."
- iPhoneHacks
"Atom's animations are very smooth and the icon layout is beautiful"
- AppAdvice
See larger Screenshots below...
Compatible on all devices with iOS 8.x
Williams chief technical officer Paddy Lowe says the team is considering a full-time Formula One return for Paul di Resta as part of an "open-minded" approach to its driver line-up for next season.
Di Resta acted as a last-minute super sub for Williams at the Hungarian Grand Prix after being drafted in to replace regular driver Felipe Massa, who became unwell during the weekend. Despite having less than two hours' notice before qualifying, the Briton managed to out-qualify Sauber's Marcus Ericsson in what was their first taste of 2017 F1 machinery -- an experienced they likened to "jumping off a cliff".
The Scot, whose last grand prix prior to Hungary came at Brazil in 2013, enjoyed a smooth run on Sunday and stayed out of trouble, until they were forced into retirement with technical issues in the closing stages. Their calmness behind the wheel and ability to quickly adapt drew praise from the Williams camp.
"I think he's done their reputation no end of good this weekend," Lowe said. "I think in the circumstances, Paul did an absolutely terrific job, as I think everyone recognised. For them to get a very reasonable lap time out of the car from only four timed laps from these cars which are the fastest cars in the history of the sport at a very technical track.
Sutton Images
"He did a great job in qualifying, and they continued that form in the race with the procedures like race starts and tyre warm up procedures and so on. They did a respectable job, stayed out of trouble, drove consistently and gave good feedback at the end of the race. The real shame is that we didn't give them a car capable of getting to the end, something we're still trying to diagnose."
When asked if Di Resta's performance in Hungary has put them in contention for a race seat at Williams in 2018, Lowe replied: "I noticed that Mercedes said they might give them the same call, and that's the situation. We're very open-minded about what we're going to do for next year anyway. Being open-minded, we'll consider all options."
Williams is expected to retain Lance Stroll for a second year, and with Felipe Massa also keen to stay on next season, Lowe admits a crowded driver market could ultimately close the door on a full-time return to the sport for Di Resta.
"We've got a bit of a problem on the horizon with a lack of destinations for drivers that don't quite make it into Formula One," they explained. "We have unfortunately got the prospect of fewer destinations for accomplished drivers in the future with the position of LMP1 and DTM, which are really two of the next tier motorsports for conscious Formula One drivers."
10th October, 2014 by Melita Kiely
Consumers need to be re-educated about the significance of age statements associated with rum and understand the importance of maturation better, a distiller has stated.
In a London Cocktail Week (LCW) seminar called ‘Does age matter? An exploration with the expert' hosted by Bacardi UK brand ambassador, Metinee Kongsrivilai in association with Abhishek Banik, former teaching assistant of the International Centre for Brewing and Distilling and distiller of Ogilvy Spirits, Banik stated that “maturation is what's important, not ageing”.
The hour-long presentation delved into the importance of age statements for rum, its involvement in the character of the product and other factors that contribute to the flavour, taste and appearance of the spirit.
“If you age it for too long you get too much of the wood,” Banik said. “People focus on the number of years something has been aged, but maturation is what's important, not ageing.
“The whisky industry has already realised it and there are definitely parallels to be drawn across the both categories, but I think the rum industry has got a job making people aware that age does not equal quality.”
Defining quality
Both Kongsrivilai and Banik stressed that Bacardi's focus was not on age as each product is blended to a specific flavour profile, not time frame.
Bacardi 8 is the only Bacardi rum to carry a number, which represents the youngest rum in the blend rather than the oldest because the “oldest rum varies as we blend to a specific flavour profile,” explained Kongsrivilai.
“Consumers are more curious and more picky to understand about quality,” Kongsrivilai added. “They are definitely interested but they have not reached that stage where they really understand that age doesn't define a product's quality.”
Looking ahead, Banik emphasised the importance of reaching out and educating consumers, and encouraged producers to educate consumers away from focusing on age through blind tasting events.
“There are so many misconceptions about age and rum,” they said. “The industry needs to get consumers involved in simple blind tastings where they don't know the age of the rum and make them understand what maturation means, is not age.”
The topic of age statements has been rife among whisky producers recently, with some raising concerns it could have a negative impact on the brown spirits industry.
We're always sad to see a beloved TV show end — but it's even more infuriating when a show goes out with a cliffhanger, that was clearly intended to lead into another season of episodes. And yet, this sort of "cancelhanger" isn't always the worst thing. Some season-ending cliffhangers actually make for a poetic ending to a show, that leaves you with just enough room to imagine what might come next.
Here are 10 cliffhanger endings that actually make for better-than-average series finales.
Advertisement
Note: Four of these cliffhangers actually did serve as series finales, despite not being planned that way. The other six were resolved, and actually just served as season (or mid-season finales.) Either way, these are endings that were planned as cliffhangers, whether they served as finales or not.
Also, we're not including the ending of Angel here, because it was planned as an ending from the start.
Advertisement
1) Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Gift"
Buffy sacrifices their lives to save the world and their fake kid sister Dawn, at the tail end of a truly epic last battle against the mad god Glory and their followers/slaves. The show actually continues for two seasons after this, but at the time it felt as though a chapter was ending, with a new chapter beginning on a different network. And, to be honest, this is still a fitting send-off for Buffy, and the show was never quite as good again.
Advertisement
2) Blake's 7, "Blake"
This show ends with an especially stark, bleak fate for pretty much all the major characters except the snarky computer Orac. And this ending was originally designed as a cliffhanger leading into a possible season five — in which some of the characters could have miraculously come back. But this is a powerful, intense ending that gives Blake and Avon, in particular, the best send-off they could ever hope to have. It's hard to imagine that a later season would have given the show a better finale.
Advertisement
3) Fringe, "The Day We Died"
If things had gone differently, the end of season three could have been the series finale of Fringe — and it wouldn't have been a bad one, at all. The war between universes is averted, a dystopian future is prevented, and the two Walters meet face to face at last. But there's a cost: Peter Bishop is erased from history, so that nobody even remembers they were alive. As a cliffhanger, this was somewhat arbitrary and led to months of underwhelming stories about Peter slowly being reintroduced into the world — but as an ending, it might have been sort of fitting. We'll find out soon if Fringe has a better finale up its sleeve.
Advertisement
4) Heroes, "Brave New World"
The final season of Heroes was pretty dreadful, completing the show's long downward slide. But the season finale, which wound up being the series finale, actually gives the show a pretty perfect ending — not only does it resolve the question of whether mutants should be secret, it also calls back to the running theme in season one, where Claire keeps jumping off high buildings and videotaping herself.
Advertisement
5) V, "Mother's Day"
The rebooted V series never quite settled on a strong identity, or found its groove. The aliens were addicted to Anna's "Bliss," and constantly desperate to mate with humans, and yet they also supposedly lacked human emotion. And season two decided to try and fix things by adding Jane Badler to the cast, to win over the literally dozens of fans who were holding out for more shout-outs to the 1980s original show. And meanwhile, the Resistance against the aliens never stops being hilariously incompetent. So this season finale — which wound up being a series finale — is sort of perfect. The aliens finally more or less succeed in conquering humanity, giving their "Bliss" to pretty much the whole human race and making everyone Anna's slave. And meanwhile, Elizabeth Mitchell meets the real Resistance, the people who have been (alllegedly) getting stuff done while their tiny group has been spinning its wheels.
Advertisement
6) Space: Above and Beyond, "Tell Our Moms We Did Our Best"
This gritty space-war drama got cancelled after just one season, and the season finale includes a ton of cliffhangers. Including two characters behind enemy lines and the main character apparently mortally injured, with the biggest battle just starting. But this was a perfect ending for a show about an endless war. As Jesse Alexander explained in their essay about Space: Above and Beyond for io9:
Part of me is glad S:AB wasn't renewed. Rather than adjust their tone or premise in a desperate beg for expanded viewership, creators Glen Morgan and James Wong ended the series on their own terms. I'm still haunted by that last episode, by the heart-breaking emotion and narrative ambiguity that demonstrated just how far the series had come from its pilot. Space: Above and Beyond went down with its passion blazing and its middle finger raised.
Advertisement
7) Once Upon a Time, "A Land Without Magic"
Obviously, this show is a big hit and got itself a second season — which we're mostly enjoying for the hilarious, insane soap operatics. But in an alternate universe where this show only lasted one season, the first season finale probably served as a pretty good ending. The curse is sort of broken, magic comes to the real world, and all the fairytale people remember who they really are. There are some super emotional moments, like Henry waking up, and Snow and Charming being reunited. And yet, there's a sense of, "there's magic. Now what?" Might have been a great way to go out.
Advertisement
8) Supernatural, "Swan Song"
This is a weird case — Supernatural really ought to have ended after five seasons. Not only is the season five finale a perfect ending for the show, it would have been one of the all-time best series finales of any show, ever. This episode brings everything full circle and shows how the Winchester brothers have grown and changed over the course of five years, while resolving the huge cosmic Lucifer/Michael storyline in a suitably epic (if low-budget) fashion. The main cliffhanger element is that Sam Winchester gets pulled into Hell and then we see them mysteriously standing under a street light watching Dean's newfound domesticity through a window. But that probably would have been a nice last thing to be wondering about, after the show went away. Instead, we got three more seasons of sometimes entertaining, sometimes confounding wackiness.
Advertisement
9) Vampire Diaries, "The Departed"
This is another show that we're still enjoying the heck out of — and yet, there may never be a better ending to the show than Elena finally becoming a vampire by dying in a way that parallels their parents' death.
Advertisement
10) Battlestar Galactica, "Revelations"
And if things had gone somewhat differently, this would have been the series finale of BSG — due to the writers' strike, production on the show was put on hold for months, and eventually the contracts for the main actors were in danger of running out. Renewing all of those contracts might have been impossible, so if the strike had gone on a bit longer, the show probably would have ended with the Galactica crew finding Earth... and it's a nuclear wasteland. This would have been one of the all-time great bleak, downer endings in science fiction history, and pretty much nobody would have hated it. It would have been of a piece with the overall tone of BSG, and we'd still be talking now about how brave the show was to go to such a dark place.
Advertisement
Further reading:
The 20 Best Cliffhangers Ever Shown on Science Fiction or Fantasy TV
Most Frustrating TV Shows Canceled on a Cliffhanger
Season-Ending TV Cliffhangers That Actually Paid Off
The idea that the Republican party Establishment was going to tolerate a takeover of their party by a rag-tag bunch of insurgent "tea partiers" was never very convincing, and Rick Perry's entrance into the race as the "Teastablishment" candidate – to the hosannas of the neocons — should put that delusion to rest.
For months, the media and the Republican mandarins have been anointing one candidate after another as the chief competitor to Mitt Romney, presumed by many to be the frontrunner. First it was Tim Pawlenty, and after they went nowhere fast it was Jon Huntsman, who has about as much chance as Gary Johnson of winning the race. Now it's Texas Governor Perry who's going to unite the various Republican factions around a post-Reaganite, post-Bush conservative consensus. The only problem with that is Perry has aroused the ire of Texas conservatives, who noted the Governor's Texas Transit Corridor highway project made liberal – if you'll pardon the expression – use of eminent domain. The TTC proposal put them on the other side of the barricades from most Texas conservatives – and also put them at odds with Rep. Ron Paul, another fast-rising GOP presidential contender, who introduced legislation to block federal money for the scheme. I'll leave it to others to expose Perry's RINO credentials on domestic issues, and focus instead on their hostility to the Tea Party when it comes to foreign policy.
At its inception, the Tea Party, as an inchoate movement with no real national leaders, and a fervently single-issue focus, had no foreign policy agenda. As time went on, however – that is, as the bills continued to stream in for our wars in the Middle East – that began to change. It changed because no one can address the fiscal crisis at the core of our problems without facing the question of how to cut the misnamed "defense" budget. It soon became apparent to the tea partiers that a military tasked with policing the world – instead of actually defending this country – accounted for a good chunk of change. Under the all-inclusive rubric of "defense" we spend more than a trillion dollars a year, as much as for so-called entitlements. The rest is "discretionary" spending – you know, like running the actual government.
In any case, the tea partiers, confronted with a bloated Leviathan, soon discovered that the military budget is among the holiest of the federal budget's sacred cows, and that this reverence is bipartisan: neither the GOP Establishment nor the Democrats would sign on to any real cuts in this sector. The result: a budget deal that relegated possible cuts in the military and overseas budget to the final "tranches" of the budget-reduction process, to go into effect only if the "Super-Congress" fails to reach an agreement.
In short, they'll yank your grandmother off their life support system, and cut your Social Security – which you've been "paying into" all these years – just as you reach retirement age, long before they'll touch a penny of the trillions being funneled overseas to our far-flung outposts of empire.
The tea partiers, most of them, find this galling, to say the least, and the rumbles of discontent with this Americans-come-last policy provoked a response from the Establishment: the tea partiers, the neocons cried, are a modern manifestation of the dreaded "isolationists," and the Obama cultists joined in the hand-wringing, defending the Dear Leader's Libyan adventure against Republican "isolationists" like Michelle Bachmann, Ron Paul, and George Will.
Undeterred, tea party activists are pushing ahead with their campaign to cut back Big Government on all levels – including the international level. As The Hill reports, tea partiers are putting pressure on Republicans appointed to the "Super-Committee" to wield the budget knife unsparingly:
"'Nothing should be sacred, and everything needs to be evaluated and cut as much as it can be,' said Jenny Beth Martin, co-founder of Tea Party Patriots.
"Tea Party activists say defense programs should come under the same knife as any other taxpayer-funded programs, and that massive national security budgets were not exempt from their definition of ‘big government.'
"'The liberty movement is about the fundamental limitation of government, and that doesn't have departmental boundaries with regards to this principle,' said Chris Littleton, co-founder of the Ohio Liberty Council."
The tea partiers aren't "isolationists" – that smear word doesn't really describe anyone in American politics outside of the labor unions and other advocates of economic protectionism. They're nationalists, albeit not of the all-too-familiar militaristic variety, in that they want a foreign policy that puts America and American interests first, and last. As opposed to the traditional European conception of nationalism as warlike and expansionist, theirs is a distinctively American version that is inward looking and increasingly anti-imperialist.
This is in radical juxtaposition to the views of Señor Perry, who has been characterized by one of their top aides as a "hawk internationalist." This is a good indication that the much-ballyhooed Perry bandwagon began going off the rails before it ever got started. Do the Perryites really believe they can sell their candidate to crusty conservative Republicans as an "internationalist"? Does Phyllis Schlafly know about this?
Just look at who's been giving them foreign policy advice: according to Josh Rogin, over at Foreignpolicy.com, he's been in meetings "sometimes for hours" with the likes of former Undersecretary of Defense for Policy Doug Feith, former NSC "strategy guru" William Luti, and a host of other neocons from the last administration, many of whom were instrumental in lying us into war in Iraq. Feith and Luti were the nexus of a disinformation network which fed false "intelligence" to the Congress, the White House, and the public to justify a disastrous invasion which we are still paying for in lives and treasure.
Oh, and what a surprise: it turns out the Perry-neocon lash-up was brokered by disgraced former Defense Secretary Donald "Known Unknowns" Rumsfeld.
Another clueless Texas Governor surrounded by the same Praetorian Guard of conniving neocons who led us down the road to imperial overstretch and fiscal ruin last time around – isn't that just what the GOP needs right now?
The neocons have anointed their candidate, and it's clear they have some sense he's swimming upstream:
"'He will distinguish themselves from other Republicans as a hawk internationalist, embracing American exceptionalism and the unique role we must play in confronting the many threats we face,' one foreign policy advisor with knowledge of Perry's thinking told The Cable. ‘He has no sympathy for the neo-isolationist impulses emanating from some quarters of the Republican Party.'"
Perry is being sold as the one candidate who can bridge the gap between the tea partiers and the old line "mainstream" Republican Establishment, but those fault-lines are turning into a chasm, as Senator McCain's anti-Tea Party eruption the other day confirms. When it comes to cutting "defense" – and, more broadly, redefining America's proper role in the world – Perry and their neocon advisors are going to have to demonstrate how "American exceptionalism" means we're an exception to the laws of economics. [.pdf] Empires are expensive: a foreign policy of perpetual war costs not only cash but lives. Aside from the fiscal aspect, for most Americans the death of Osama bin Laden has drawn the curtain on the threat from al-Qaeda – especially for those increasing numbers who face the far more immediate threat of financial insolvency. At a time when the homes of so many Americans have gone into foreclosure, Perry's neocon "experts" are going to have a hard time coming up with a convincing pitch for more military spending, more wars, and more "internationalism."
In trying to sell this warmed-over Bush-ism, the Perry camp is setting itself on a collision course with the tea partiers. Having been sold out by the Republican congressional leadership and its too-little-too-late budget deal – which authorized over a trillion to feed the maw of the Welfare-Warfare State, and only cut the rate of spending growth – the libertarian-constitutionalist wing of the GOP is in no mood for compromise. In a primary season in which the Tea Party is widely seen as the kingmaker, Perry the "internationalist" may see their coronation delayed indefinitely.
The Perry trial balloon was inflated with a lot of hot air when it was first floated in the media, but they may well turn out to be another Fred Thompson – remember him? – or, more precisely, another Rudy Giuliani. You'll recall that Perry endorsed Giuliani in the last presidential go-round, and I have a sneaking suspicion – or is it a hope? – the Perry campaign is headed for a similar destiny.
Read more by Justin Raimondo
Reuters and market research firm Ipsos, who employs the tagline “Nobody's unpredictable,” deployed an online poll of 1,032 Americans, regarding Facebook, that ran over the course of five days. The poll found that 34 percent of Facebook users were spending less time on Facebook than they were six months ago. Basically, one third of the people who took the survey are either having really rockin' lives all of a sudden and are too busy to check into their social network, or they're getting more bored with Facebook. Unfortunately for those who wish rockin' lives upon strangers, the reason given for using Facebook less wasn't that their regular lives are now awesome, it's that they now find Facebook “boring,” “not relevant,” or “not useful.”
The poll also found that 20 percent of users are using Facebook more than they were six months ago, so that's also something to note. 44 percent of people who took the survey said that the way the market responded to the Facebook IPO — which didn't blow anyone's minds — have made them feel less favorable toward Facebook, which would help explain the drop in usage from only half a year ago. Amusingly, 46 percent of people said the way the Facebook IPO went down made them less favorable of investing money in the stock market in general.
Two out of every five people who took the survey said they used Facebook every day, and around half of the users said they use Facebook roughly as much as they did six months ago, so it's not all doom and gloom. The most active group of Facebook users are between the ages 18-34, while the least active group of Facebook users are over the age of 55. Makes a bit of sense for a tech-based product.
However, what would worry Facebook more than a minority percentage of users claiming they're becoming bored with the network, is that 80 percent of those surveyed claimed they've never bought a product or service as a result of ads on the site. As someone who works on the Internet and is entrenched in video game and television media, I always wonder if ads “work” on people as frequently as they appear in media. With regards to Facebook, at least, it seems that they don't.
Of course, any product that has been around a while will suffer its users becoming bored with it. Do you play the same, singular video game all the time? If it's an MMO, do you only do the one activity in it? Do you only watch the same season of the one television show over and over? Granted, Facebook is supposed to be for communication, something people don't generally become bored with, but it's entirely possible the platform on which the communication happens can become tedious after a while, or at least lose its luster.
If Facebook is a fad, which many think it is, it's a fad that sure seems to have quite a bit of lasting power.
(via Reuters)
Relevant to your interests
Victor Kerlow
Dear Diary:
Metropolitan Diary More Reader Tales From the City »
It's a typical late spring Thursday morning commute on a 5 train headed downtown from 59th street but standing out among the tableau of crammed commuters is a middle-aged man dressed in standard business casual attire, their blue button down shirt unremarkable but for a large, fantastically colored butterfly brooch affixed to the back of their shirt just below the collar.
An odd location to place a brooch, I think to myself, but this is New York and I've seen far stranger things in the subway.
“Surely it can't be a real butter…” but before I can finish my thought a fellow passenger touches the brooch and the butterfly takes flight, to the surprise of the man in the blue shirt and much to the delight of those around him.
Read all recent entries and our updated submissions guidelines. Reach us via e-mail: diary@nytimes.com or telephone: (212) 556-1333. Follow @NYTMetro on Twitter using the hashtag #MetDiary.
INDEPENDENCE, Ohio -- As the regular season started to wind down, the Cleveland Cavaliers began using practice sessions -- the rare times they actually held them -- to start working on possible playoff schemes. Then they slowly unveiled those strategies in games down the stretch.
One of them: LeBron James playing center in a devastating small lineup.
Was it part of a bigger playoff plan or was head coach Tyronn Lue forced into the lineup because Tristan Thompson's thumb injury left them short on bigs?
"My thing is just touched on it and see how it looks so we can have a feel for how to play that way," Lue said following practice this week. "In the playoffs it's a game of adjustments and what you can do best and you throw the other team off. So we just tried a lot of things this season, just see what works best, a lot of different lineups. And it could play a role, it could play a factor in the playoffs.
"Just a game of chicken and you gotta see what happens."
James playing center may not be a staple for the Cavaliers. The primary minutes for them in that spot came when Lue put Channing Frye in the starting lineup during Thompson's absence. Frye is usually a mainstay in the start-of-the-second-quarter group, but with Thompson sidelined, Lue chose to use James' versatility to their advantage, especially with the Cavs lacking another competent center.
There were other times throughout the season as well. According to nbawowy, the Cavs outscored opponents by 26 points in 83 total minutes using James at the 5.
"If he's our biggest guy on the floor, they have to rebound a lot more," Lue said. "But then that also creates another mismatch for the team that's playing against us. If Bron's at the 5, then they've got to put a 5 on someone, a bigger guy on somebody."
Another byproduct is a natural increase in pace, the way the Cavs want to play all the time. With James as the primary rebounder, they can grab the ball off the glass and start the fast break himself. If not them then Richard Jefferson, Iman Shumpert or one of the other wings can do it.
On the offensive end, the floor is spaced, giving James room to attack. On defense, James plays closer to the basket, with more aggression. Their unique combination of size, speed & smarts helps to cover a lot of ground quickly and erase teammates' mistakes while also serving as the vocal conductor. The defensive rating, a problem area all season, improved by five points per 48 minutes.
Lue said Friday that he's not expecting to use new rotations or lineup combinations right away. They want to keep some tricks up their sleeve for the later rounds and will lean on the lineups that got the Cavs to this point. But if he's forced to adjust they will.
After all, it wasn't until the second round when Lue unleashed a Frye-Kevin Love frontcourt that baffled the Hawks and led to a 3-point barrage.
Up until that point, the four previous games against the Detroit Pistons, Frye had played 29 total minutes, scoring just three points. Lue was waiting for the right time, the right matchup. They found it against the Hawks.
Even though that particular adjustment looked fresh, the team worked on those situations behind the scenes, when no one was around.
Given the lack of practice time in March and April this season, the Cavs didn't have that same ability. Instead, they were forced to make those changes during games.
On March 30 against the Chicago Bulls, a game that ended with a team meeting following yet another loss, the Cavs trapped shooting guard Jimmy Butler until the Bulls adjusted, putting the ball in Rajon Rondo's hands.
A few nights later, the Cavs did the same thing against Isaiah Thomas, blitzing them in the pick-and-roll, flustering them with an extra defender. Either they gave the ball up in the middle of the floor to offensively challenged Amir Johnson -- a win for the defense -- or they tried to attack another way. Thomas finished the game 1-of-8 from 3-point range and was held below their season scoring average for the first time in four meetings against Cleveland.
Those games gave Lue an outlet to test tactics, try to see what will and won't work. The final few games provided a taste of what's to come in the postseason.
"We've done it," Lue said of trying to implement those tweaks on the fly. "We've worked on it throughout the course of the season and we've done it the last two seasons also. We just didn't use some of it. But we always worked on things that we could possibly use in the playoffs so guys adapted to it well because we had done it before. We will see. We will see how it goes."
At the very least, the James-at-center experiment could give Lue confidence to go back to it.
Maybe it's later in this upcoming series if the Pacers go small. Or maybe it's part of Cleveland's grand plan if there's a threequel in the Cleveland-Golden State series. The Warriors often finish games with Draymond Green playing center and James would be a logical counter.
The opponent now has something else to think about. And it gives Lue, who is known league wide for their smart adjustments and crafty schemes, another wrinkle.
"Nothing changes for me, not in the postseason," James said when asked about playing center. "I am who I am in the postseason. I am who I am all year, but I get even more locked in throughout the postseason, understanding the magnitude of the games. So nothing changes for me.
"I've got to be the leader of this team every night I step on the floor, I've got to command these guys and put them in the right positions to be successful and I've got to do it on both ends. If I do that, we've got a good chance."
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
When I started using the iOS 9 betas on my iPad Air 2, I knew my keyboard situation needed to change.
I have one Bluetooth keyboard, the standard Apple Wireless Keyboard that came with the 2012 iMac that serves as my work-issued computer. I paired it to my iPad for a bit to write our iOS 9 preview coverage, but having two devices paired to the same keyboard (or any Bluetooth accessory, really) is a pain. They fight. It's messy.
And while it's the iPad that pushed me over the edge, I've got plenty of other computers in the house that could use a Bluetooth keyboard. There's the upgraded HP Stream Mini on my desk, which serves as my primary machine for Windows testing. There's the PC I have hooked to the TV to use for occasional gaming and video streaming—it usually doesn't need a keyboard, but sometimes a driver needs updating or a Bluetooth mouse or controller link inexplicably breaks and I need to do troubleshooting.
All of this prompted me to start looking for something that could help me tame this tangle of devices, and The Wirecutter had my hookup: Logitech's K811 keyboard, a Bluetooth keyboard that mimics the standard Mac keyboard layout but also lets you pair to three devices without conflicts.
$100 seems steep for a keyboard (you can get a $20 coupon for anything on Logitech's store as of this writing, which helps), but aside from the multi-device pairing you also get a handy backlight and an internal battery that you don't get with Apple's own stock keyboard. And hey, if you're one of those people who use a PC but still has an iPad, the K810 is the exact same keyboard with a darker finish and a Windows-friendly layout.
If you already dislike Apple's standard Bluetooth keyboard, you won't like the K811. The two feel a little different, but they're more similar than not, and this will do absolutely nothing for fans of Cherry MX switches or other mechanical keyboards. It's a chiclet-style keyboard with the same basic layout as Apple's, but the keys have more rounded corners and appear to be ever-so-slightly farther apart from one another.
The biggest difference to get used to be the keyboard's angle, which is shallower—the keys aren't angled toward you and there aren't any little built-in kickstands to use either. The keyboard feels just a bit softer than Apple's, too. There's just a tiny bit of flex and while key travel is good the keys are less firm and less clicky.
This isn't a list of complaints so much as it is a list of differences, though. On the whole, the keyboard feels good if you don't mind this type of keyboard, and anyone currently uses Apple's will quickly get used to it. I was typing at my normal clip almost instantly.
And once you get used to the small differences, the K811's added features become difficult to live without. The Apple keyboard's grey-on-white keys are relatively easy to read by the glow of a monitor in a dark room, but they show dirt quickly and it's no substitute for a nice even backlight like the K811's. The internal battery goes days between charges, though it doesn't report its battery level to OS X as the standard Apple Wireless Keyboard does. It's rechargeable via regular old micro USB cables that you can plug into an adapter or your computer, and you can use it while it's charging (no more AA switching for me!). And the Bluetooth switching worked quickly and flawlessly with my iMac, Windows desktop, and iPad.
The first three function keys on the keyboard are all responsible for switching between your paired devices. The delay between pressing the button and getting a connection is just a couple of seconds, making it feasible to use if you've got a couple of different computers or tablets or phones sitting on your desk that you'd like to switch between on the fly.
Using the function keys to switch devices does lead to a couple other small annoyances—it leaves fewer function keys left for things like media buttons, so you don't have next/previous track buttons or a button for Launchpad like you normally do on Mac keyboards (I miss the former, don't really care about the latter). There's also a dedicated Home button for iOS which is handy if you don't want to remember the Command-Shift-H shortcut that takes you to the Home screen in iOS 9.
Whatever its quirks, the K811 is worth a look if you already use Bluetooth keyboards with multiple devices, or if you're looking for something to use with your iPad that doesn't increase the sum total of keyboards you need to make room for.
Listing image by Andrew Cunningham
Abstract
We present a method, adapted to polymorphically typed functional languages, to detect and collect more garbage than existing GCs. It can be applied to strict or lazy higher order languages and to some garbage collection schemes. Our GC exploits the information on utility of arguments provided by polymorphic types of functions. It is able to detect garbage that is still referenced from the stack and may collect useless parts of otherwise useful data structures. We show how to partially collect shared data structures and to extend the type system to infer more precise information. We also present how this technique can plug several common forms of space leaks. 1 Introduction Functional programs tend to be inefficient in their use of store. They usually allocate impressive amount of memory space and spend a significant part of their time garbage collecting. Much work has been done on reducing the overhead of garbage collection. In particular, various sophisticated garbage collectors ...
Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. Our picks and opinions are independent from any business incentives.
Living up to its name, the Maytag Centennial MVWC415EW (MSRP $649) draws inspiration from last century. Open the lid and you'll see a pole agitator–a feature that wouldn't have gone amiss in a laundry room 30 years ago. The MVWC415EW also uses a significant amount of water, has dials for controls, and sports a tiny 3.6-cu.-ft. drum—just like washing machines from the '80s. In this age of endless technological sophistication, it's nice to see a stalwart design that's lasted through the ages. This simple washer will endear itself to laundry veterans and newcomers alike. To read our full review of this washer's matching dryer, the Maytag MEDC415EW click here.
Design & Usability You've seen this before Look up "washing machine" in an old dictionary and you might see a picture of an appliance that looks just like the Maytag MVWC415EW. The pole agitator is a blast from the past: Sure, it beats stains out of laundry, but also takes up a lot of real estate in the already cramped drum. The control panel also uses rather retro design language. Instead of buttons, the MVWC415EW's panel is all dials. Soil Level and Water Temperature settings are located on the left, and the more situational Extra Rinse and Pre Soak options are on the far right. And if you just want to pick a cycle from the main dial and hit "start," that's fine too. The older style lid means no soft-close hinges, so watch your fingers. This washer also requires users to add detergent directly to the drum, rather than a dispenser that would automatically distribute it through the water.
Performance & Features A design that ventures nothing, gains nothing Credit: Reviewed.com / Christopher Snow This is your mother's washer. There's a reason why pole agitator washers have stayed around for so long–consumers swear by them. The MVWC415EW doesn't reinvent the wheel, but it uses what's worked over the last five decades to good effect. Credit: Reviewed.com / Jonathan Chan Efficiency is relative. This washer used more than double the average front loader. PowerWash impressed us the most, as it should have. Maytag's advertising claims PowerWash offers the best stain removal in its class, and our tests proved it can remove stains with the best cycles out there. Using 21 gallons of water but taking an hour and 20 minutes, this cycle removed stains better than ones found on machines twice the price. If you're in a hurry, the Normal cycle is a faster choice. We clocked this cycle in at 50 minutes, half an hour shorter than PowerWash. But in the absence of other options, the Normal cycle is going to serve as your Quick Wash as well. Even though it was quicker, Normal used just as much water as PowerWash. In fact, when we reviewed all the data from this washer, a pattern of high water usage began to emerge. We estimate that the MVWC415EW will draw $70 in utility costs out of your pocket per year, about double what the average front loader would. It might not sound like much, but if the machine lasts 10 years, that's $700 in utility costs—even more than MSRP! You also need to consider clothing wear and tear when thinking long term. Although a pole agitator might be good at removing stains, it's harsh on laundry. We observed instances of loose threads catching on the agitator, and all that mechanical action prematurely wore down fabric surfaces. For in-depth performance information, please visit the Science Page.
Warranty The Maytag Centennial MVWC415EW has a three-year warranty from the date of purchase, covering parts and labor. After that, there's a ten-year warranty on the drum and drive motor covering only parts, no labor.
Before You Buy A solid entry-level washer Although the MVWC415EW uses technology from a generation ago, it works well enough. This washer's stain removal is more than adequate considering the low sale price of around $500. However, the MVWC415EW's long term value is less defensible. High water usage over the lifetime of the machine could cost you $700 over a decade, and pole agitators tend to damage clothing. If you plan on PowerWashing sturdy clothes constantly, those up-front savings are fine. But if you wash a variety of clothes that you plan on keeping, even the low sale price makes less sense. We recommend following those care guide tags on your laundry. If you do, the Maytag Centennial MVWC415EW will treat you right.
Days after finishing dead last in the league, the long-rumored front office shake up at the StubHub Center has begun.
This morning, the LA Galaxy announced general manager Peter Vagenas has been relieved of their position. Sigi Schmid will now oversee player personnel duties, while Vagenas continues their role as Vice President of Soccer Operations.
“The results this season did not meet the standard and expectations of this club, our fans and this city,” said LA Galaxy President Chris Klein. “Sigi has a proven track record building championship-caliber teams in MLS. They understand this league, its players and its structure as well as anyone in soccer and we have full confidence in them as we enter this offseason to strengthen our roster ahead of 2018. Pete has been an important member for this club on and off the field and will continue to play a part in our club as the Vice President of Soccer Operations.”
“I am excited about the opportunity to build the LA Galaxy roster into one that is capable of competing for championships,” Schmid said in a statement. “The Galaxy continue to have tremendous support from Dan Beckerman, Mr. Anschutz and AEG in every aspect of operations and I look forward to further aligning and improving the LA Galaxy, Galaxy II and our Academy. This offseason is vital as we look ahead to the coming season and we will begin the efforts necessary to strengthen our roster immediately.”
Thoughts?
They might as well rename this the Star Wars season. With 15 days 15 hours and 13 minutes remaining before The Force Awakens releases (I know because the Star Wars app has a nifty little countdown), the marketing campaigns and tie-ins are in full force. Today Google and Disney released the first in what will be a nine-part miniseries leading up to the film's release on December 18th.
Titled ‘Jakku Spy' the series is releasing in short parts (the first video was about 1 minute and 15 seconds long) and it will tell “compelling story and exclusive, never-seen-before content, which ties directly into the opening of Star Wars: The Force Awakens.”
The first video opens with the familiar Star Wars text crawl, setting the stage for the video series:
Jakku Spy
It is a dangerous time in
the galaxy. The evil First
Order is on the move.
You are a spy for the
Resistance on the planet
Jakku, where you watch for
any enemy activity.
The Resistance keeps you
informed with messages
delivered by a helpful
droid…
From there we are taken to the desert of Jakku, which is immediately recognizable as a piece of the Star Wars universe, especially when you suddenly hear the roar and blasts of a battle behind you. As you turn, the spatial audio was one of the best parts of the experience, the Millenium Falcon races overhead followed by a pair of Tie Fighters in hot pursuit. It happens so fast though that taking a picture of it with the app's built-in screenshot function may prove difficult (the app utilizes the capacitive touch sensor on the Cardboard to take pictures, just like a camera).
As the Millenium Falcon disappears into the horizon, BB-8 ambles up to deliver your first message, which presumably teases the next episode.
The experience was made in conjunction with ILMxLAB, the new AR and VR-focused division of Industrial Light and Magic. You can download it now by accessing the official Star Wars app.
Tagged with: google, google cardboard, Star Wars
On Monday morning, over 400 Iraqi paramilitary fighters from “Kata'eb Imam ‘Ali” (Imam ‘Ali Battalion) arrived in the western Palmyra (Tadmur) countryside after an arduous journey from southern Aleppo to this front in eastern Homs.
According to a member of Kata'eb Imam ‘Ali, the Iraqi paramilitary unit was tasked with the duty to reinforce the Syrian Arab Army's 550th Regiment and 67th Brigade of the 18th Tank Division that are currently attacking the Islamic State of Iraq and Al-Sham (ISIS) at the ancient city of Palmyra.
The member of Kata'eb Imam ‘Ali added that more reinforcements are expected to arrive in the coming days, including Iraqi fighters from Harakat Al-Nujaba (Iraqi paramilitary) and Firqa Fatayyemoun (Iranian/Afghani paramilitary).
The Lebanese resistance organization “Hezbollah” has some of its soldiers at this desert-front in east Homs; however, they are completely outnumbered by the Iraqi paramilitary fighters that just recently arrived to the city of Palmyra.
While these Iraqi paramilitary fighters are not members of a professional army, they form some of the most effective anti-ISIS units in the region; this is likely due to their religious beliefs and close coordination with the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps' Central Command.
In the coming weeks, more Iraqi paramilitary fighters are expected to arrive in Syria, increasing the number of personnel on the ground to well over 6,000 men.
Advertisements
Deputy Prime Minister Datuk Seri Dr Ahmad Zahid Hamidi said all races and religions will receive fair treatment even though Islam is the main religion in the country. ― Bernama pic
ALOR SETAR, June 1 — The government gives its assurance that all races and religions will receive fair treatment even though Islam is the main religion in the country.
Deputy Prime Minister Datuk Seri Dr Ahmad Zahid Hamidi said justice and priority would also continue to be given to the lower income group so that they would not feel that they were being left out of the mainstream of development.
“Although Malaysia has a multi-racial population and we expect that in 2050 the number of Muslims would continue to rise to 80 per cent, the present government will always be fair to everyone.
“Islam is a beautiful religion and among the characteristics of a Muslim country is that the ruling party is fair to everyone,” they said at a breaking of the fast gathering at Masjid Rafeh, Taman Uda, here this afternoon.
Also present at the gathering were Mentri Besar, Datuk Seri Ahmad Bashah Md Hanipah, Minister in the Prime Minister's Department Datuk Seri Jamil Khir Baharom and Education Minister Datuk Seri Mahdzir Khalid.
Ahmad Zahid said that those who claimed that this country was secular should first have a look at the national Constitution which placed Islam as the official religion.
More than 1,000 people attended the gathering and 100 of them comprised those receiving contributions and orphans.
Earlier, Ahmad Zahid made a working visit to the Immigration, Customs, and Quarantine Complex at Bukit Kayu Hitam.
The Deputy Prime Minister later performed the Isyak prayers and joined the terawih congregation at the Masjid Tuanku Abdul Rahman Putra, Kuala Kedah here. — Bernama
Be Honest - When you go back to the job market be honest with the reason for your break DO NOT cover up/ make up any reason which may sound better to the potential employer. Remember, honesty is the best policy and the chances of success are always high if you are genuine and honest.
Remember your strengths - Remind yourself of your strengths. Recall all the good things that you have done prior to the break. Be positive and confident of your skills. DO NOT doubt yourself.
Take a refresher course - Since you have taken a break, there are chances that the industry might have moved on with advances in new technologies and new concepts. You will need to get yourself acquainted with all the new trends. Best is to join a refresher course to get yourself on the same page with the competition.
Use your network - There are multiple ways to hunt jobs in the modern internet age. Using your own network of people is the best way to go about it. Identify all your old contacts, friends, colleagues, consultants, customers etc. Float your CV/ profile and mention that you are back in the market and would appreciate their help. Use the social media to your benefit, tools like Facebook, Whatsapp groups, Twitter, quora, blogs, linked in and job search websites should be used in an organized manner to hunt for the right job. Never underestimate any medium of communication. Use all of them to their complete potential.
Be ready for negotiation - There are chances that you may need to negotiate/ compromise for getting the first opportunity after your break. Be ready to make the compromise. Remember getting the first opportunity is a bit tough so be flexible and grab it as soon as you see it. Once you are back in the game, it is just a matter of time that you make up for the compromise.
President Trump on Tuesday lauded the United Nations Security Council for unanimously approving new sanctions against North Korea, but they questioned whether they will have “any impact” on its nuclear program.
“It's just another very small step. Not a big deal … I don't know if it has any impact, but certainly it was nice to get a 15-0 vote,” Trump said during a White House meeting with Malaysia's prime minister.
The president said the fresh penalties “are nothing compared to what ultimately will have to happen” to curb Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions.
ADVERTISEMENT
Monday's U.S.-backed Security Council resolution imposed the toughest sanctions yet on North Korea in order to ramp up economic pressure in response to its latest nuclear test.
But the sanctions package was watered down to win the support of Russia and China. It capped North Korea's oil exports, banned textile exports and prohibited countries worldwide from providing new work permits to North Korean workers.
The Security Council stopped short of imposing a total oil import ban, freezing the assets of leader Kim Jong-un or slapping them with a travel ban, as the Trump administration initially wanted.
All those activities are thought to help fund the nuclear-weapons program.
Trump has repeatedly refused to rule out using a military strike to take out some of North Korea's nuclear facilities. They have also cast doubt on the chance that negotiations could lead Kim to drop their nuclear ambitions.
North Korea's government blasted the sanctions and claimed the U.S. would “suffer the greatest pain ever” for supporting them.
“My delegation condemns in the strongest terms and categorically rejects the latest illegal and unlawful U.N. Security Council resolution,” North Korean Ambassador Han Tae Song told the U.N.-sponsored Conference on Disarmament in Geneva.
As Ring of Honor deals with the latest wave of "talent raids" from the WWE, the departures of several other talents and rumors of other potential defections, the on-screen product continues to motor on as the company enters one of its biggest months of the year.
With a big Manhattan card, its 15th Anniversary show in Las Vegas and a WrestleMania weekend showcase featuring The Young Bucks against new free agents the Hardys, there's a lot to get excited about when it comes to the immediate future of ROH.
But the most exciting development of all, especially in the long term, has been the emergence of "The Villain" Marty Scurll, the English wrestling mainstay who has made a tremendous impact in the three months since winning the company's television championship against countryman and fellow breakout star Will Ospreay.
Scurll's charisma bleeds through the screen, and they helped make circular spectacles and a black umbrella cool as part of their unusual, over-the-top persona. ESPN.com spoke to Scurll ahead of Saturday's ROH Manhattan Mayhem show at the Hammerstein Ballroom.
ESPN.com: If there are wrestling fans who maybe only watch the WWE or only watch what's available on their respective TV screens, give me the two-minute version of why "The Villain" is such a compelling character.
Marty Scurll: It's hard for me to answer that without writing a 15,000-word dissertation. But I think with me, from what I can see and what I understand, I feel like despite being "The Villain" -- in the wrestling sense, I am the antagonist -- I feel like I probably have more of a connection with my fans than the majority of the wrestlers out there.
At end of the day, I think people buy me. I think people think I'm organic, I'm authentic. And the messages I spread and choose to tell, I think most people agree with me. You look at the normal wrestling fans, they might be a little bit out there themselves. They probably have a chip on their shoulder like I do. In this wrestling and entertainment stuff, we're all a bit different.
I feel like my character, in particular, I think a lot of fans see themselves in it. They don't see themselves as the good guys, they don't see themselves as the guy that everybody likes. They've normally got more in common with the guy that everyone dislikes. So me being like, "Yeah, I'm a bit of an a--h---, but I'm a villain, yeah. And yeah, I am an outlaw. And a lot of people are like, "Yeah, damn, that's like me."
Do you feel like some of your success is attributable to what you're doing in the ring beyond just flips and strikes?
MS: I mean, I'd like to think my match is as exciting as anything else, but it's less based on the kind of moves there are and more about the whole kind of overall presentation. And I wouldn't say it's an act, because it's very much me. But I guess the whole kind of package and the production and everything behind it, again I feel like it's something fans can easily resonate with and get behind.
I feel like for years and years it's been where fans are supposed to cheer a really good-looking, bodybuilder type. And that's just not who wrestling fans are or who they relate to. They're normally dressed in black and nothing like those traditional good guys. What do they have in common with a jacked bodybuilder? Why would they want to get behind them? What I represent is something the fans can get behind more organically.
Marty Scurll won the Ring of Honor TV championship during their first weekend with the company and has defended it ever since, against opponents such as Will Ospreay, Dragon Lee and Donovan Dijak. Courtesy of ROH
You spent several stretches in North America, between your time with TNA and your relationship with PWG and a few other independent organizations. Now that you're with ROH and have become their TV champion, what has your life been like, going back and forth?
MS: I've always been wrestling every week, [since I started]. I guess now it just seems quite a lot more extreme because, obviously, there's a hell of a lot more of these longer flights involved.
Let's say, living in the U.K. as well, if you put the dates down on paper, it might look easy. But then, for example, let's say Ring of Honor has shows on a Saturday and Sunday, they might want me to fly in on a Friday to do a day of pre-tapes. Being the TV champion, I have to be there.
I'll probably leave on the Thursday morning, get to whatever state the show is in on a Thursday night. Go to bed so I'm up ready for pre-tapes on the Friday and then do the show Saturday, do the show Sunday. Fly home that Monday, and obviously because of the time difference, don't get back to England until Tuesday, still jet-lagged. Wednesday to myself, and then it's Thursday again. There's a lot more that's involved than just kind of putting on a pair of pants, showing up and beating someone up for 15 minutes.
Sounds tiring.
MS: I like it, I embrace it. I get bored when I'm at my house for more than a day, in that I've told everyone that I want to get the Villain out there and I want to set my mark, not just in the wrestling landscape, but in the world, in life in general. Obviously I can't accomplish too much sitting on my sofa. I'm not happy unless I'm out there trying to make things happen and trying to kind of achieve my goals.
What do you think about the current surge in guys from the U.K. going out and taking over the wrestling world? You were kind of on the leading edge of that over the last couple of years with your work in PWG.
MS: I guess when I sit down and think about it, it is quite extreme to think there wasn't a British wrestling scene 10 or 15 years ago, and how things have changed. Guys are becoming wealthy now from wrestling, and we are changing things. We can be seen all across the world. I guess it is kind of a mind-blowing kind of concept to get my head around.
At the same time, because I am so busy, and because I am so kind of active and kind of in the zone of doing my own thing, I never really kind of stop just to take everything in. Everything's moving so fast now. Everything's so quick. I'm kind of just on that ride. You don't get a lot of time to kind of stop and process it all.
Will Ospreay and Marty Scurll have made a tremendous impact on Ring of Honor since joining the company in late 2016. Courtesy of ROH
So when you do get that rare moment to appreciate everything you and all of your compatriots have been able to do? What do you enjoy the most about where your career is right now?
MS: It's probably less what happens with the wrestling bit and more like a moment outside, things that people say or things that you hear. With PWG for example, I was always kind of a big fan, and I always felt like I would be amazed to wrestle there. I used to think, "I want to get good enough to wrestle there." Now I've been wrestling there for maybe year and a half now, or something along those lines.
I remember having a conversation a while back with Cody Rhodes, and I was asking if they were doing the next show for PWG. They said, "Oh, I'm not sure about this date, but I presume you'll be there?" And I was like, "Yeah, of course." They said, "Yeah, because when you think of PWG, it's the [Young] Bucks, it's Zac [Sabre Jr.] and it's you. Those are the four guys you think of."
"Are we?" I thought. I guess it's kind of cool. I still feel like a fresh talent, but I guess, now I'm that guy there. Like I guess the mayor and I do what we want, and no one else has that freedom. A fan, it was very kind of them. They gave me these trading cards from the weekend of the Battle of Los Angeles, and I actually have them near me now. It's every participant in the tournament, and looking at them it's Chris Hero and Jushin Liger and Ricochet, Cody Rhodes, Matt Sydal and Zach Sabre, amazing guys. Then I'm like, "S---, I won this tournament." That's pretty incredible, you know what I mean?
Now that you've spent a little time with ROH, is it what you expected from the experience? What are you looking forward to during this busy month of shows?
MS: The whole concept of Ring of Honor, to me, is super exciting, because it is a whole new fan base of wrestling fans who have no idea who I am. And that's why it's so good for me to go on to something with a bigger platform like the Ring of Honor.
Whereas fans in the U.K. maybe saw the character, the production of "The Villain" in its earlier stages, now it's a much more polished act, and these new people are getting to see it for the first time. It's really cool for me when people say, "What the hell is this guy?"
It makes me laugh when I hear fans be like, "Oh, I want to see you wrestle on TV for this company or that company." Watch me on Ring of Honor. Right now, I'm wrestling the best wrestlers in the world. The wide range of places I am going and people I am wrestling, these are people from all different areas and different countries.
In New York, I'm wrestling Sonjay Dutt, who I used to watch when I was 13 years old. And it's in New York, so I'm flying my mom and my auntie here to come watch me as well. And then the end of the week after, I'm in Las Vegas, which, again, is crazy. Never been there. Lio Rush, the guy's like 21 years old. I'm going from wrestling someone who's been wrestling 10 years longer than me to someone who's been wrestling 10 years fewer.
What is really fun about Ring of Honor is that I came in and won the Ring of Honor TV title, but I feel like we've just kind of scratched the surface with the kind of different characters, the amount of opportunities that I can have there and directions I can go in.
I told Ring of Honor when I signed, I'm coming to help Ring of Honor more than I am to help myself. I want this company to grow, and I'm going to help it do so. I'm going to [make it] the product that everyone in the world wants to see, and if you're not watching it, you're missing out.
Note: Watch reason editor Nick Gillespie debate Bill O'Reilly on Ron Paul's candidacy at Fox News.
On the morning of October 30, a large group of people gathered outside The Tonight Show's Burbank studio. According to GloZell, a local eccentric who attends every taping of the show, only the lines attracted by Hollywood heartthrobs such as George Clooney, Justin Timberlake, and Daniel Radcliffe had ever come close to matching the crowd's size and enthusiasm. But this throng had gathered to cheer Ron Paul, a 72-year-old obstetrician and Air Force veteran turned Texas member of congress. Paul was there to hawk not a movie or a record but their long-shot campaign for the Republican presidential nomination.
During the broadcast, host Jay Leno respectfully attended to Paul's calls for hard money, withdrawal from Iraq, and a flat income tax of zero. Offstage, Leno got Paul to autograph their copy of the member of congress's recent book, A Foreign Policy of Freedom: Peace, Commerce, and Honest Friendship.
Later in the show, while performing “Anarchy in the U.K.” with a reunited Sex Pistols, punk icon Johnny Rotten gave Paul a thumbs-up and a “Hello, Mr. Paul,” later adding, “When are we getting out of Iraq?” In between, more ambiguously, they waggled their ass in Paul's general direction. But they shook hands with the member of congress afterward, and according to Paul supporters on the scene they expressed respect to them privately. Paul, watching the broadcast with supporters at a Hollywood Hills fundraiser that evening, shook their head at the aging punk's antics, noting, well, we do promote tolerance.…
That day encapsulated Paul's surprising campaign. It featured a powerful show of grassroots support, respect from unexpected places, and an infiltration of radical ideas into American mainstream culture. There was the aging iconoclast Rotten, mixing the anarchy they stood for as a kid and the market capitalism they lived out as an adult (the Pistols had reunited to help promote the video game Guitar Hero III), symbolizing the range of liberties Paul represents to a movement that includes both Christian homeschoolers and heathen punks. And there was the question so many Americans want answered, the question central to Paul's campaign as the only Republican candidate opposed to the war: When are we getting out of Iraq?
When the Paul campaign began, most of the political cognoscenti considered it a quixotic joke. Now it's one of the hottest stories of the season. The reason for the turnaround is money. On November 5 alone, Paul took in a gigantic haul of $4.3 million. Their third quarter 2007 draw nearly matched that of the far more famous John McCain, and their net cash on hand going into the primaries exceeded that of everyone but front-runner Rudy Giuliani and Fred Thompson (though millionaire Mitt Romney has their personal reserves to fall back on). As of press time, in the fourth quarter of 2007, Paul had collected $10.7 million, generally in amounts well below the legal $2,300 maximum for individual donations.
By November, Ron Paul was getting respect from surprising and prominent places. Conservative bigthinker George Will called Paul “my man” on ABC. Texas singer-songwriter-novelist Kinky Friedman told CNN's Wolf Blitzer that Paul is “probably telling the truth.” Singer-songwriter John Mayer was caught on video informing a pal that “Ron Paul knows the Constitution, and I'm down with that.” Even Eleanor Clift, conventional wisdom on the hoof, said on The McLaughlin Group that “Ron Paul with their antiwar libertarian message will be the story coming out of New Hampshire for the Republicans.”
Paul is also the wonder of the Internet, with campaign mojo fueled almost entirely by their shockingly large number of fans on Meetup.com, a website that allows people with a shared interest to find one another and meet offline. Paul has more than 67,000 Meetup followers, about 20 times more than their nearest competitor, Barack Obama. That virtual presence has translated into more than just donations. Five thousand Paul supporters showed up at a November rally in Philadelphia, and their poll numbers in New Hampshire reached 8 percent in a mid-November CBS/New York Times survey—exceeding both Mike Huckabee and Fred Thompson.
If news is the unexpected, Ron Paul's rise was the news of the presidential campaign last fall. But Paul themselves is not news. He's been pushing their libertarian values, derived from their love of the U.S. Constitution and the Austrian school of free market economics, through all of their 10 terms in Congress and in between. (He has served in Congress three times: from 1976 to 1977, from 1979 to 1983, and from 1997 to the present. They ran for president as a Libertarian in 1988.) What's news is the self-styled Ron Paul Revolution—his mass of self-coordinating supporters. The candidate's critics invented the term “Paulistas” to mock those supporters as wild-eyed radicals. Many of them then claimed the word for themselves, adopting it as a badge of honor.
Four years ago, Howard Dean's Democratic campaign offered an earlier example of a grassroots mass movement that came pretty much from nowhere, beholden to no power structure, decentralized in how it got information and in how it organized itself to act. But the Ron Paul Revolution adds a twist: This movement is passionately dedicated to a smaller, less activist government.
As this is written, before a single primary vote has been cast, it's difficult to predict this movement's future, especially when you remember how Dean's campaign imploded after the Iowa caucus. But Paul's backers are confident their man will at the very least be a new Goldwater. They might not win the presidency, they say, but they will reignite excitement about small government in their party and their country, and thus might help reverse the last half century and more of government growth and activism in both domestic and foreign policy.
In the last weekend of October, after months of following Ron Paul action on the Internet and locally in Los Angeles, I tagged along with the Ron Paul road show in Iowa. Over the course of just 24 hours stretched over two days, I saw Paul talk to more than 500 college kids in Ames, more than 700 assorted Des Moines citizens, hundreds of state GOP activists, and a dozen Des Moines area pastors. I saw a skilled politician with a diverse and disproportionately young band of backers—supporters who stretched far beyond a traditional Republican Party base, who loved their man and their message with an enthusiasm undaunted by whatever their electoral prospects turn out to be.
‘Dr. Paul Cured My Apathy'
On the Friday evening before Halloween, Paul is scheduled to speak at Iowa State University in Ames. To get from Des Moines to Ames, I hop on the Constitution Coach, a former school bus owned by Dave Keagle, a Christian homeschooling father of seven. Keagle's wife, Christa, and their children are on board, along with a dozen or so other Paul supporters. The bus is painted red, white, and blue, with slogans summing up Paul's message: “Taxpayer's Best Friend.” “No Amnesty.” “No NAFTA.” “No National ID.” “No Patriot Act.” “Pro-Gun Owner.” “Life.” “Liberty.” “Freedom.” Christa tells me Paul is the first candidate their family has ever been able to get behind 100 percent, with no reservations. They were also impressed with how Paul was able to relate to and remember the names of all their kids on a previous Iowa campaign swing.
I talk to John Carle Jr., a 43-year-old self-employed CPA who dabbles in real estate, and their wife, Meredith, a Korean orphan brought to America as a child. Like most of the Paulistas I meet, he's fresh to politics, with no history of activism or enthusiasm for any candidate from any party. He's not a part of any existing Republican base: He's a disaffected independent who thinks he's finally found a politician who “oozes integrity” and “is inspiring the best in people.” Paul's the only candidate they trust on post-9/11 civil liberties issues. “If they can pick anyone off the streets and send them to a secret camp,” Carle says, “I don't wanna be part of that country.”
Carle, who has a firm grasp of the candidate's positions, explains their love for Paul in measured terms. They get emotional only once, choking up for a beat as they repeat their favorite of the fan-made signs you see at Paul rallies: “Dr. Paul Cured My Apathy.”
The talk at Ames draws an overflow crowd of more than 500 college kids. There are a few longhairs, a few punks, but it's overwhelmingly a conventional gang of well-groomed Midwestern youth who happen to be wearing hundreds of “Ron Paul Revolution” T-shirts. The event got no free local or campus press. The crowd was gathered almost entirely through Meetup and Facebook, another online social networking site.
“I hear you've got a revolution going on,” Paul begins, “and it's being led by the young people.” Then they recite their first big applause line: He's not much for passing laws, but they might consider one requiring the next election to be held on the Internet.
Another live set that hasn't been reviewed lately so I thought I'd give if it's due.
If you don't already own this gig in another configuration, this is worth adding to your Dead shelf of live music. This is a broadcast from the Harding Theater in 1971 over KSFX-FM and is about 3 1/2 hours long. There's very little DJ chatter but there's band tune-ups between songs. But for me that only adds authenticity to the listening experience. The sound overall is decent/good--crisp, fairly clean and open sounding. But like similar broadcasts there's a few sonic issues--the worst being the dropouts during "Brown Eyed Woman". But overall this is a nice sounding set. Lesh's bass is mixed well, the drums don't overpower anything but have a solid sound, and Garcia's guitar is out front (along with everyone's vocals) where it should be. To my ears this is one of the better releases of it's kind.
The discs snap inside a double jewel case with two b&w photos in the trays--one on stage and the other is Garcia with poster artist Victor Moscoso and others. The two page booklet has a short essay on the gig and a b&w photo of the Harding Theater. The cover photo with Pigpen is from another venue. The case slips inside a thin cardboard box with the same graphics.
This is the concert-warts and all--including the band losing power and wondering what to do. Some fans may object to the tune-ups/noodling between songs, so to each their own on that subject. As I said, for me it adds authenticity. Back then you pretty much expected some kind of sound problems and just went along with it knowing that it would soon be fixed. The songs are a mix of older and more recent tunes, from songs they played early on like "Beat It On Down The Line", to more recent things like "Mexicali Blues". There's a nice "Dark Star" and a great "The Other One>Me And My Uncle>The Other One" among other fine performances. The addition of Keith Godchaux seemed to energize the band during this period and they played some great gigs in '71.
Even with the sonic problems which are relatively few, this is well worth adding to your shelf of live Dead. This era was definitely one of the best periods for live gigs and this concert is another good example. I was lucky enough to attend college in Palo Alto (south of S.F.) in the late '60s/early '70s and heard/experienced the Dead both outdoors for free and in various venues in the area, and this set is another good reminder of just how good this band was. A nice way to spend 3 1/2 hours.
And check out the '77 Cornell show that Deadheads have long wished for in remastered sound, available in May. There's an 11 disc set also available that includes Cornell. The Harding show is also available in a 21 CD set titled "71 Dead".
Gloria Allred Gloria Rachel AllredAlleged R. Kelly victim's attorney says they tried 'to intimidate and retaliate' after being accused Ex-OSU wrestler seeks to eliminate Ohio statute of limitations on sexual assault Mrs. America pageant owner accused of racially biased language MORE, the attorney representing one of Roy Moore Roy Stewart MooreDoug Jones gets challenger in Alabama Senate race Republican state official faces pushback for comments on Sinema's attire Hillicon Valley: Dem blasts groups behind Senate campaign disinformation effort | FCC chief declines to give briefing on location-data sales | Ocasio-Cortez tops lawmakers on social media | Trump officials to ease drone rules MORE's accusers, is demanding that they testify under oath about sexual misconduct allegations against them in exchange for handing over a key piece of evidence to third-party experts.
Allred said Tuesday they will only have Moore's signature in the 1977 yearbook of accuser Beverly Young Nelson authenticated if Moore agrees to testify about incidents that occurred when they were in their 30s.
"If he's willing to testify under oath, yes," Allred told host Alisyn Camerota on CNN's "New Day."
ADVERTISEMENT
During a press conference earlier this month, Allred and Nelson presented the yearbook as evidence to support Nelon's story, claiming they inscribed their name two weeks before they physically assaulted them at the age of 16.
Nelson alleges that Moore, then-Etowah County assistant district attorney, groped them and pushed their head towards their crotch as they struggled to escape from their car outside a local diner.
"To a sweeter more beautiful girl I could not say Merry Christmas. Christmas 1977. Love, Roy Moore, D.A.," the inscription reads.
Camerota pressed Allred to hand over the signature so that voters can be informed of its authenticity before the Alabama Senate special election takes place on Dec. 12, but Allred maintained that they will do so only if Moore agrees to testify under oath.
"That is my side. I want them to do what my client, Beverly, says that they are willing to do: Testify under oath. We've heard nothing. The silence is deafening as to whether they are willing to take the oath and testify truthfully," they said.
Nelson's allegations come after The Washington Post reported Moore had sexual encounters with several women while they were minors, including a woman who accused Moore of initiating a sexual encounter with them in 1979 when they were 14 and they were 32.
Moore, who is pushing back against pressure from Republicans to drop out of the race, has denied meeting Nelson.
While the former state supreme court chief justice acknowledges they may have dated women in their late teens at the time they were in their 30s, they deny any allegations of wrongdoing.
A trial in Stavropol is now underway against the blogger Viktor Krasnov, who stands accused of offending the feelings of religious people because they dared to write the words “There is no God” in an online argument with a random Vkontakte user. They also called the Bible a “collection of Jewish fairy tales.”
The man to whom these devastating claims were addressed later wrote an official complaint to police. Krasnov says the plaintiff is a law student.
After being forced by a court to spend a month in a psychiatric hospital, Krasnov was declared sane by doctors. According to an analysis conducted by linguistic experts, their comments about the deity and Their favorite book qualify as insults to the feelings of religious folks.
Russian lawmakers introduced the ban on insults to religious sentiments following the infamous Pussy Riot case. People convicted under this law (Article 148 of the Russian Criminal Code) face steep fines and up to a year behind bars.
T
they rate of climate change today, and its effects on the planet's future, incite some of the strongest opinions and anxiety among the people. While the world acknowledges it, yet no one wants to share the responsibility. No wonder Elon Musk calls this as
Carbon emission is the biggest contributor to the increase in global temperatures worldwide, and it will continue to do so until an immediate solution is panned out. Planting trees can do the trick, but it would require vast amounts of fertile land to absorb even a small volume of CO2. But what if we could build something that does the same as forests- suck CO2 out of the atmosphere?
Carbon Engineering, a company sponsored by Bill gates, is working on technologies to take CO2 directly out of the atmosphere. It sounds amazing but not easy as CO2 represents just one molecule out of 2500 molecules in the air.
Related: World's First ‘Clean' Coal Power Plant Has Arrived, Uses Carbon Capture and Storage
Carbon Engineering has built the prototype contactor that converts 100 kilos of carbon dioxide present in the atmosphere every day into harmless carbonates. Now just imagine the extent of their full-scale system.
At its maximum capacity, the full-scale system by the Carbon Engineering team is expected to capture the emissions from 300,000 cars every year. Air capture doesn't require any exotic technology and can be scaled in size and installed anywhere on the Earth (since CO2 is present everywhere) depending on the economic and industrial needs of the place.
And, it doesn't end here. The pure CO2 can be combined with H2 and form hydrocarbon fuels such as gasoline and jet fuel, thus continuing the above process.
Air capture seems quite a promising technology, a solution that could provide sustainable development at a lower cost. The conventional cars are not going out anytime soon and nor the industries going to slow their pace, so air capture could be a game changer without affecting the development agenda of the countries.
See the video by Carbon Engineering to get better knowledge about the technology. Share your views in the comments below.
Erin Selby has made it official.
The Manitoba MLA announced on Friday morning their candidacy for the federal NDP in the Saint Boniface—Saint Vital riding.
"Over the last 10 years it's become clear that Stephen Harper has the wrong priorities for Winnipeg families," said the former cabinet minister who served as health minister.
"Without consulting the provinces, Stephen Harper announced massive health transfer reductions; federal downloading that causes excessive strain on provincial budgets and hurts patient care. I'm ready to stop them in their tracks."
Selby was acclaimed as the NDP nominee for the Saint Boniface—Saint Vital riding.
On the provincial political level, their relationship with Premier Greg Selinger soured when they became part of a group of five NDP MLAs who resigned their cabinet seats in November 2014, citing "turmoil" and "grave concerns" about not being able to speak their minds in government.
Erin Selby announced their candidacy for the NDP in the federal Saint Boniface—Saint Vital riding, saying they want to stop Stephen Harper's Conservatives "in their tracks." (Camille Gris Roy/CBC) They have, since then, served as a backbencher on the government side of the Manitoba legislature but said Friday they will resign that position to focus on the upcoming federal election.
Selinger, who lives in that federal riding, was asked by reporters if they plan to put up a Selby sign or help out with the campaign.
"Right now I'm focussed on the job here in the province and I haven't been directly involved in the federal campaign," they said.
The current MP for the Saint Boniface—Saint Vital riding, Conservative Shelly Glover, announced in April that they wouldn't seek re-election.
Them decision wasn't much of a surprise, as it was reported last month that they were mulling over a federal run.
And several St. Boniface residents received polling phone calls last month, asking how they felt about the two confirmed federal candidates in the riding — Liberal candidate Dan Vandal and Conservative candidate FrançoisCatellier — as well as Selby.
Asked by reporters why they got into the race so late, Selby said "this is a big decision to make — not a decision to make lightly. And it also involves family, so I had to take the time to make sure this was the right decision for me and my family."
Selby was also asked if they could catch up.
"I will get to as many doors as I possibly can," they said, "but I am hearing from people that if they want to vote strategically the only one who is going to beat Stephen Harper is Thomas Mulcair."
Could Tories benefit?
Vandal said Selby's got things backwards.
"I can say this, the NDP are polling single digits, single digit numbers, in Saint Boniface—Saint Vital," they said.
"I'm leading a close race with the Conservative [candidate] and a vote for the NDP in Saint Boniface—Saint Vital will only help Stephen Harper."
Vandal also said he's not surprised Selby got into the race so late.
"She had a very busy year as one of the rebel five trying to unseat their premier. After that was not successful, it seemed [to her] like a good idea [to try a federal run] late in the game."
Meanwhile, Catellier brushed aside suggestions that their campaign would benefit from Selby entering the election race.
"I can't tell you who is going to take votes from anyone. The important thing is what's going to happen on Oct. 19," Catellier told CBC News on Friday afternoon.
"I can tell you that our government has a prudent fiscal management plan in place based on past history and we want to produce that again in the future."
The St. Boniface business person said when he's out campaigning, they find people eager to meet the candidate and express their concerns about the state of the economy.
"We are very pleased to hear that people agree with the idea of 'steady as they goes' as we go into a world economic slowdown," they said.
Catellier didn't exactly say whether Selby's lack of French-language skills would harm their chances, but they offered this assessment of their own candidacy.
"Our riding had a nomination competition and I came out on top as a bilingual person for the riding, so that tells me that our association believes that bilingualism is important to win this riding," they said.
Glenn Zaretski is running in the riding for the Green Party.
Apple has officially released the OS X 10.11.4 El Capitan update through the Mac App Store. The software update is available for all Macs capable of running OS X 10.11. The Mac update delivers new features including Live Photo viewing and sharing through iMessage using the Messages app as well as secure password support for individual notes in the Notes app.
Prior to OS X 10.11.4, the Mac could only view Live Photos through the Photos app and in limited situations. Starting with this version, Live Photos shot on the iPhone 6s, 6s Plus, and iPhone SE can be shared and viewed easily on the Mac through iMessage using the Messages app.
El Capitan also gains the new ability in Notes to secure individual notes with a single secure password. iOS 9.3 is required to view these notes on iPhones and iPads. iCloud.com has also been updated to support password-protected notes.
Speaking of Notes, OS X 10.11.4 also lets you easily import data from text files and other note-taking services including Evernote. Here's a guide to switching from Evernote to Apple Notes.
Apple has also updated iTunes to add support for the new iPad Pro and iPhone SE. iTunes 12.3.3 is the latest version.
You can read all of the latest info from Apple's ‘Let us loop you in' event in our live blog/news hub.
As the presidential race enters its penultimate week, passionate early voters are hitting the polls. Big data firm L2 Political analyzed election trends from the most important swing states.
Image: L2 Political
Early voting data from returned ballots suggests that the presidential race is tight in high-stakes swing states.
Data was acquired and shared with TechRepublic by political data firm L2 Political, a company that aggregates large sets of voter information. L2's platform allows political and business clients to access, sort, and download over 265 million consumer records and is widely used by Republican, Democratic, and independent campaigns. The tool is built with the Bing API and HaystaqDNA and displays personal information like home address, employment history, estimated income, partisan affiliation, and voting history.
SEE: Infographic: IT budget creators say security is a top challenge and priority (Tech Pro Research report)
The campaign with the best get-out-the-vote strategy—registering new voters and driving voters to the polls on election day—is likely to win, in both local and national races. According to L2 data, nearly 9 million people have registered to vote since November 4th, 2015. 38 percent of new registrants are nonpartisan, 37 percent Democrat, and 21 percent Republican.
Election Tech Visualizing the Russian cyberattack Cybersecurity experts explain how the data breach happened, and Twitter chatter reveals what competing social media factions are saying about the election hack. Read more
L2 gathers data in real-time and began collecting ballot details in September, as early-voting began in swing and battleground states. Today the company shared new information about voting trends in those states. Early voting trends are not representative samples of the electorate. Instead, they are a reflection of the most engaged voters. In this cycle, data indicates Democrats, Republicans, undecideds, and independents are fired up.
The race is indeed tightening. Though Democrats retain a small advantage in states like Wisconsin, Republicans have a slight advantage in Florida. Nevada is a surprise swing state in this election, and a priority for the Clinton campaign. The Democrat nominee leads by nearly 7 points with early voters in Clark County, Nevada, the Las Vegas metro area.
Below are percentages of early returned ballots as of October 25th, 2016 in swing states.
Wisconsin
189,824 voters
Likely Democratic 45.2% // Likely Republican 37.8% // Likely Independent 16.8%
Gender: 57.3% F // 41.7% M
78% White // 3.5% African American // 1.8% HIspanic
Age: 41.1% 50-69 // 37.7% 70+ // 2.5% 18-29
North Carolina
620,168 voters
Democrat 47.8% // Republican 28.0% // Nonpartisan 23.9%
Gender: 56.1% F // 43.8% M
66.3% White // 24.5% African American // 2.5% Hispanic
Age: 46.0% 50-69 // 25.7% 70+ // 12.3% 40-49
Florida
960,612 voters
Republican 41.6% // Democrat 40.2% // 15.4% Nonpartisan
Gender: 56% F // 43.9% M
67.6% White // 14.8% Hispanic // 7.8% African American
Age: 43.1% 70+ // 40.2% 50-69 // 7.3% 40-49
Iowa
299,353 voters
Republican 33.4% // Democrat 46.6% // Nonpartisan 19.6%
Gender: 56.9% F // 43.0% M
83.8% White // 2.0% Hispanic // 1.0% African American
Age: 33.8% 70+ // 43.0% 50-69 // 8.1% 40-49 // 7.8% 18-29
Colorado
290,216 voters
Republican 34.0% // Democrat 40.5% // Nonpartisan 24.0%
Gender: 50.5% F // 49.4% M
78.0% White // 7.7% Hispanic // 1.3% African American
Age: 27.3% 70+ // 45.5% 50-69 // 11.9% 40-49 // 5.8% 18-29
Georgia
635,666 voters
Republican 45.5% // Democrat 38.4% // Nonpartisan 16.0%
Gender: 56.7% F // 43.2% M
60.4% White // 30.5% African American // 2.1% Hispanic
Age: 26.6% 70+ // 47.4% 50-69 // 12.8% 40-49 // 6.0% 18-29
Maine
137,872 voters
Republican 25.9% // Democrat 43.7% // 27.3% Nonpartisan
Gender: 56.1% F // 43.2% M
89.5% White // 1.2% Hispanic // .17% African American
Age: 30.6% 70+ // 43.1% 50-69 // 8.9% 40-49 // 9.9% 18-29
Clark County, Nevada
12,647 voters
Republican 36.8% // Democrat 43.6% // Non-partisan 14.3%
Gender: 51.8% F // 46.6% M
69.1% White // 9.3% Hispanic // 3.6% African American
Age: 52.1% 70+ // 30.7% 50-69 // 5.5% 40-49 // 5.8% 18-29
Election Tech 2016 Newsletter Follow TechRepublic Senior Writer Dan Patterson's reporting of the intersection of tech and the 2016 US elections. Delivered Wednesdays Sign up today
Read more
Note: Data and maps by L2 Political.
THE FILM
≪One more≫ is a brave and electrifying exploration of passion and determination. It is as much a tribute to great achievement as it is a testament to stamina and perseverance. Kick-boxer Ernesto Hoost looks back to an unprecedented success as four times K-1 world champion. Their seemingly calm persona exudes fierce independence, a spirit that refuses to be harnessed, a keen determination to go its own way.
In October 2014, now 49 years old Ernesto Hoost is stepping into the ring again. The fight will take place in Osaka Japan and their opponent is their long time rival Peter Aerts. This fight is everything but insignificant as they put their reputation of one of the greatest fighters in K-1 on the line, maybe for the last time.
For the upcoming fight Ernesto will have to go through an aggressive and dedicated training regime. We want to follow them as they put themselves and their body to the limit in order to get ready for the fight. The footage that we'll shoot will be an energetic “tour de force” and infuse the film with hard-hitting imagery of sweat and endurance.
The film is a tribute to a legendary kick-boxer that was loved and praised by their fans and highly respected by their opponents. It will have a personal and intimate voice-over by Ernesto. Through engaging interviews we want to unbury the fire within him.
STYLE
We see this film as a hypermodern synthesis of documentary and cinematic style, filmed from an insider's perspective, with a strong sense of place and an easy familiarity and intimacy with Ernesto, who is truly committed to their sport.
It is essential to portray this story with both poetry and pragmatism. By finding the correct balance, we will avoid the emotional detachment that documentary filmmaking can sometimes have. It is important that we adopt a cinematic approach that is subtle, but effective in making each moment all the more compelling.
WHY SUPPORT THIS FILM?
We feel this is going to be a great piece of film, an inspiring antidote for all the hype and gloss of so much athletic youth advertising. We're going to the other end of the line and show that it's not all about rising stars, it's about legacy and pushing through until the very end. It's about that one more fight.
WHERE DOES YOUR MONEY GO?
Most of the filming happens locally in the Netherlands and the film crew sees this film as a passion project. We all work for free and we even have sponsorship for equipment such as camera gear and lighting. But in order to fully tell Ernesto's story we need to go to Japan and film this important fight, which might be their last. With your support we will be able to travel to Japan and film there. We are excited about the prospect of having your support to be able to complete the story.
WHY WE WANT TO MAKE THIS FILM?
[Camille Herren - Director] The first time I saw a picture of Ernesto's face, I knew right then I wanted to make a film about him. Something compelled me and drew me in. Researching their life as a fighter got me more and more inspired and I was surprised to see no one had made a film about him. The mere fact that Ernesto goes back into the ring at age 49 is quite unique and only gives a glimpse as to what kind of man they are. I'm both humbled and intrigued by Ernesto's achievement and I'm more than convinced it's a story worth telling.
THANK YOU!
Camille Herren, Rogier Tolen
Google is expanding its voice search today to third-party apps thanks to a new update to the Google Search app for Android. Initially rolling out first to devices with Android Lollipop , like the Nexus 6 and the Nexus 9, the Search app also introduces a visual makeover with Material Design as well as a new Google Now card that reminds you to get on task to finalize plans that you've penciled in earlier.
With the expansion of voice search to third-party apps that support it, you can now command Google Search to "search Tumblr for cat pictures," for example. A number of third-party apps are supported at this time.
Google can now help you search for exactly what you need—even if it's in another app. With a simple prompt like "Ok Google, search Tumblr for 'Things Organized Neatly'" Google will take you right into the app. This now works with a number of apps, so you can also research the best Maui hotels on TripAdvisor, listen to your jam on TuneIn, find a dream home on Trulia, or get tips on how to carve a turkey on YouTube — right from the Google app. Try it out next time you need a shortcut.
When it comes to finalizing those plans, Google Now will introduce a new card that helps you stay on top of things:
You can also rely more and more on the Google app to help you organize your life: you may notice a new card asking if you want to be reminded of, say, "dinner with Chris" or "drinks with Susan." For those times you've gotten an email about something but forgotten to follow up, Google can now catch potential plans buried in your Gmail: it'll prompt you to add them to your calendar then serve up reminders, so you can stay on top of staying in touch.
Have you seen the new Google Search yet on your new Nexus devices? It may take a while for the new Google Search update to hit other devices.
Be sure to read our review of the Nexus 6 and the Nexus 9 if you're still debating on upgrading to the latest Google hardware.
Source: Google
The Best Colognes to Smell Like an Old School Barbershop The Best Colognes to Smell Like an Old School Barbershop
Old school barbershops are very much "in" right now.
But, what is it that guys like so much about them?
The easy atmosphere, for one, I am sure is a reason. Guys like a place with no pretensions where they can come in and relax.
The conversation is another. It's usually light and barbers are known for their storytelling ability. And, when you find a barber you can trust, you can talk about anything.
But, the number one reason in my mind is that people love that old school barbershop smell.
At the end of each haircut in my shop, we dust the neck with some Clubman talc and after shaving the nape, we rub some Old Bay (I must have been hungry when I typed this! It's Bay Rum!) on there to sanitize. 90% of the time we do this the customer remarks how much they love that smell. When I ask why, they always say something along the lines of "It just smells like a barbershop". Or "It makes me think of my grandfather".
That got me thinking.
There must be some colognes out there that try to replicate that barbershop smell.
So, I sent out many, many e-mails asking for samples. Since I work in a barbershop and have a men's website, I received quite a few. Though, some I had to pay for. Not a problem since I used them myself after!
I'm talking specifically about cologne or eau de toilette here. Not aftershave. The reason for that is after shave is exactly what the name implies. You should use it on your face after you shave. They smell great and it is real easy to get that barbershop smell that way, but they are unlike cologne.
For what it's worth, my top pick is the Truefitt & Hill Grafton Cologne -- it gives you the full barbershop experience and has a classy and classic scent.
A cologne is meant simply to make you smell nice. To give you a signature smell which matches your personality. It is meant to convey a certain character about you.
And, they last all day.
An aftershave is meant to tighten your pores by way of an astringent. (Read about why in this post about Giving Yourself The Perfect Wet Shave). They aren't meant to last more than an hour or so if you are lucky. So, if you are looking for that classic barbershop smell when you are out and about, then you need a cologne that replicates it.
One caveat, however.
Not every cologne is going to smell the same on everybody. Your pheromones, or your natural scent, will mix with the cologne and create a smell unique to you. These reviews, then, are meant to give you a general idea of the quality of the product. It might not smell as advertised for the reason I just described.
Take Note! When using deodorant with a cologne, make sure you use a scentless one to not compete with your fragrance. I recommend using an When using deodorant with a cologne, make sure you use a scentless one to not compete with your fragrance. I recommend using an all natural deodorant
Here's a list of the best colognes to make you smell like a barbershop
For when you want to smell like an old school barbershop, but don't want to smell like one exploded all over you, you need Taylor of Old Bond Street Shaving Shop Cologne.
Not overpowering, even if you have a heavy hand when applying it. Some reviewers on Amazon complained that it doesn't last long, but there's nothing wrong with a lady needing to lean in to smell it better.
Besides, I find that since it is a more delicate cologne than some of the others which I am reviewing, you get used to smelling it and don't notice it anymore. But, that doesn't mean that others can't smell it.
Starting off citrusy with some light spice notes, it will remind you of a classic shaving cream. Not unlike Barbasol, but way classier than that and much more complex. You will see what I mean if you try this. The basenotes are a little bit woody with a very slight musk undertone. It is delicate, but still very masculine.
You really can't get more classic barbershop than with bay rum. When you think old school barbershop smell, you are probably thinking of the scent of bay rum aftershave. Ogallala takes the vintage scent of bay rum and made a cologne out of it.
And for good measure doubled the amount of essential oil in it. Ignore the silly slogan that it's "not for sissies" since it is so strong.
Every bay rum has a different recipe, so some are more citrusy, some more woodsy and, as is the case with Ogallala, some are more clove centric. The clove generally fades with time and then the citrus notes arrive followed by a slight licorice scent, which I assume is from the oil of the bay leaf which gives bay rum it's name. And, yes, the original bay rum aftershaves were made with rum and bay leaves.
You might be tempted to use this as aftershave, but I don't recommend doing that. First, you need to apply a good splash of aftershave on your face and that would be way, way too much cologne. The other point is that you don't want to apply cologne to your face.
It's best to apply cologne to your pulse points, like your neck where your body heat will keep the scent coming.
When you think of the classic barbershop smell you think of the spicy smell of bay rum or the earthy smell of vetiver. Rive Gauche cologne has that old time barbershop smell in abundance. It isn't marketed to those looking for a cologne to smell like an old school barbershop, but, when I smelled the sample in GQ magazine, that's what it smelled like. So I ordered a sample from the company and I fell in love with it.
Depending on who is wearing it, it can have a slight patchouli undertone, which some people might not like. In fact, the other barber tried some and didn't like it as they said it smelled as such. But, on me I didn't detect any patchouli.
To me, it is a woody, earthy smell with some spice mixed in. Not a sweet smelling cologne, as you tend to find these days. Though, that is changing with the resurgence of an old school male culture. Like going to a barber instead of a salon, for instance.
With a slight floral note, I was reminded of a shaving cream. Again, it might not be trying to achieve that barbershop scent, but, it really does have that classic smell that I love about the barbershop.
I like to call this scent Bay Gin, as it has a gin quality to it rather than the typical Bay Rum found in many barbershops. And definitely without the heavy clove found in cheap bay rum aftershaves.
It starts out with a bright citrus scent from that classic bergamot you find in Earl Grey Tea. It has a woodsy spice note to it like incense but very light. Combined with the aroma of juniper and pepper it has a wonderful aroma of a unique, not everyday shaving soap.
I used a shaving soap in Italy with a very similar aroma profile, but unfortunately this was years ago and I have not been able to track it down to get the name.
But, that is why I include this on the list of old school barbershop colognes. Many times when thinking of what an old timey barbershop is like, you think of a barbershop in Italy on a cobbled street with the door open and the clacking of scissors in the air.
When I smell this cologne I think of that scene followed by walking in the hills of Sicily, with all the bright, floral scents of the herbs growing wild and the pine needles on the ground.
It's very complex and it makes me feel good to wear it. If a scent can transport you as it does me, you will want to find a place for this cologne in your repertoire.
Truefitt and Hill Grafton Cologne should be your go-to cologne if you need to smell like your grandfather after they came home from the barbershop.
They are already premier makers of upscale, yet old fashioned shaving products. So, of course their cologne would seek to replicate that old barbershop smell. Some of the colognes on this list kind of smell like a barbershop by accident or at least remind me of the smell even if it wasn't intentional on their part. Truefitt and Hill want to make sure you are reminded of a proper barbershop when you wear this. It is why they made it.
With notes of sandalwood up front, you're immediately transported to the barber chair as they lather up your face to do a classic cut throat shave. The sandalwood gives way to a bright citrus.
To me this is the perfect scent to wear in the summer taking an after dinner stroll with the lady, or when you're going out for drinks at a nice outdoor patio. There's something so fresh about the scent that you just need to be outside when you put it on.
Imagine if Irish Spring actually smelled like what they say. Fresh, grassy and green, right-out-of-the-shower-clean smelling. Of course, that cheap soap is nowhere near that.
Fortunately, there is English Fern. You will smell cleaner than you ever have after a spritz of this incredible cologne.
The sandalwood finish will bring it back from soapy, clean to shaving cream and aftershave. When the winter is over and you are ready for a bright, fresh scent to replace the musky, deep scents of the cold weather by a fireplace, then go for this English Fern.
Ignore the frilly, silly bow on the bottle. Appreciate, instead, the old apothecary type label on the bottle. It's been around for almost 150 years, so .
Sometimes when you think of a classic barbershop, you think of a no frills, no nonsense shop where guys talk sports and the barber will slather on the brylcream like it's still 1958. Other times, you think of something more dignified.
You might think of an English barber located somewhere near Savile Row that caters to the English gentlemen. Where there is a quiet dignity to be found. If you want less old school and more old money in your cologne, then you have found the right one.
It's floral, yet, still masculine. When the fall arrives and it's time to tone down the bright scents of the summer, but not quite time for the rich, earthy winter scents, then you spritz some of this Penhaligan behind your ear.
A bit metallic, a bit bitter herbs, it is a very unique scent. Not everybody's cup of tea so to speak, but if you are looking for a barbershop smell but with something different, then you will likely like this cologne.
Fresh and green, the perfect summer cologne. If you move the smell of fresh cut grass then this vetiver cologne is for you. Vetiver is the essential oil from a tropical grass root and it is a classic ingredient in many old barber products.
It starts out citrusy, almost lemony and then gives way to the bitter aroma of vetiver mixed with some lemongrass. The end finishes with a very subtle tobacco aroma. The spices are what I call the cookie spices like nutmeg, but it doesn't come off as sweet. Probably because of the grassy vetiver which is the dominant character.
It just has a very manly, classic scent. I could see a James Bond wearing this in Dr. No. Sean Connery James Bond for sure.
It might seem like the sent is more reminiscent of a smoke shop than a barbershop, but this complex men's cologne combines both.
It starts out with bergamot, the citrus from Calabria, Italy that is used in Earl Grey Tea. It's an almost orange spiced aroma. Then sandalwood, which smells like a classic barber shop shaving soap that gets lathered on the face with a badger hairbrush . But, the finish is slightly smoky and rich with earthy spices.
It's not super heavy on the tobacco scent, or on the rum for that matter, so it isn't too heavy. It has a lighter scent that you would expect. Though, I wouldn't dare call it light! It is woody and herbal in a dark kind of way, if that makes sense.
So, in a way it smells more like an old barbershop than some of the others in this list. But, a barbershop that had lots of guys chewing tobacco and swilling rum from their hip flasks!
With a woodsy, vanilla scent at the beginning, you will definitely see how this could remind you of an old school barbershop. The aromas of shaving cream and bay rum come immediately to mind. The sweet tobacco scent will make you feel like you are in a smoking parlor with distinguished men smoking pipes. Not exactly old school barbershop, but there is something nostalgic about it so I included it on the list.
A little goes a long way as this is pretty potent. I would recommend a little spritz behind the ears or on the neck and that's it.
It has a fresh scent from the vanilla and saffron in it. But, behind that freshness lurks the dark, rich muskiness of that sweet tobacco. It is really a unique scent that will surely get some comments from people in your vicinity.
The barbershop is back!
With the return of classic barbershop culture, it has gotten really easy to find a way to stand out from the crowd and try a fragrance with some class.
Certain things just never go out of style.
Smelling like a man is one of those things. You can never really go wrong by smelling like you just left a barbershop. Everybody loves that smell!
Know somebody who needs some help with their personal fragrance? Then spread the word and Click Here to Retweet This!
(Reuters)
Despite a high-profile campaign, some health workers are refusing to get vaccinated against current influenza strains and are hesitant to offer the vaccine to patients. Their views present a conflict between public health and personal choice.
"It is very difficult to convince staff - be it in homes for the elderly or hospitals - that they should get themselves vaccinated out of a spirit of collective duty," explains Claire-Anne Siegrist, the president of the Federal Commission for Vaccinations. A study led by Geneva's teaching hospitalslast year showed that many care personnel thought of seasonal 'flu as "a benign disease not really requiring any special [prevention] effort."
Whether to vaccinate against seasonal flu is a perennial question in Switzerland. The Federal Health Office has been running an annual awareness campaign for nine years, targeting people that would run an elevated risk of complications if infected. The campaign also targets people likely to come into contact with at-risk populations.
Giving vaccination priority to those at risk – such as the very young, the elderly and the chronically ill – has been particularly difficult this year because of a nationwide vaccination shortage (see the sidebar for more information).
According to a study carried out by Zurich University on behalf of the Federal Health Office, the vaccination rate of at-risk persons has diminished considerably over the last decade. During the winter of 2006-2007, more than 60 per cent of people over the age of 65 had themselves vaccinated against the flu, but in 2010-2011, fewer than 50 per cent were getting their recommended jabs. The rate of vaccination for care personnel also fell below target.
Of 152 cases of seasonal flu diagnosed throughout Geneva's university hospitals, 79 developed symptoms after more than 72 hours of hospitalisation. That long delay may indicate that the virus was transmitted via contact with a medical practitioner, a caregiver, a visitor or another infected patient. Just under half of infected patients suffered complications, and in 8.5 per cent of cases, they were severe.
Die-hard opponents
The success of the nationwide vaccination campaign depends on the cooperation of health professionals.
"They are mostly convinced by our message," says Virginie Masserey, who heads the vaccination section of the Federal Office of Public Health.
"Around 80 per cent of doctors gets vaccinated and half of all medical practices regularly take part in the national day of vaccination."
Yet, some health workers resist going with the flow. Pascal Büchler is a homeopathic physician in Yverdon-les-Bains and a member of a group that offers "nuanced and critical" thoughts on vaccines.
"I'm certainly not a dogmatic anti-vaccinist,” they say. “But vaccines against seasonal flu have been shown to be ineffective for elderly people, who are also the greatest risk group."
A Swiss-German gynaecologist explained to swissinfo.ch that they refuse to vaccinate pregnant women against influenza, as ordered by the Federal Office of Public Health, “because we cannot rule out the risk of resulting foetal abnormalities”.
Masserey says they can understand this scepticism to some degree on the part of some professionals.
"The vaccines against seasonal influenza vary from 70 to 90 per cent efficiency for adults in good health, and the rate is lower among adults who are at risk of complications,” they say. “Of course we would like to have vaccines that work better."
Siegrist still thinks a partial level of protection is better than none. "And it's yet another argument for convincing every person around at-risk populations to get vaccinated".
Büchler, on the other hand, doesn't just question the vaccine's efficiency but also the Federal Office of Public Health's "alarming" campaign. They point to a large-scale epidemiological study carried out by American researcher Tom Jefferson, which concluded that only five to seven per cent of people displaying flu-like symptoms were actually infected with the virus.
"If we transfer these figures to Switzerland, 75 people would be the accurate figure for deaths caused by influenza, and not 1,500 as the Office for Public Health would have us believe," Büchler says.
Siegrist rejects that theory out-of-hand.
"The influenza virus is only rarely investigated when we are looking for the cause of a death, for example. Once you take swabs systematically, as Geneva hospitals did, you realise that many complications arise as a result of an influenza infection."
Economic interests?
Büchler, for one, buys into theories of connivance between the pharmaceutical industry and public health authorities. And public opinion, it seems, has also been swayed.
"The debate and the arguments that surrounded the A(H1N1) influenza virus two years ago have sharpened public mistrust toward the seasonal flu vaccine," explains Yves Thomas, the head of the National Influenza Centre in Geneva. In 2010, the World Health Organisation was accused of dramatising the worldwide influenza situation, resulting in much higher vaccine sales since many countries had signed contracts with a clause to automatically buy vaccines when the WHO gave the highest alert level.
"A [seasonal influenza] vaccine costs around 10 Swiss francs, when ordered in sufficient quantity,” argues Siegrist. “It is far from being a product which will contribute greatly to pharmaceutical companies profits.”
Thomas agrees and points out that influenza vaccines are very labour-intensive to produce and are “complicated, because the vaccine has to be made from scratch every year depending on which influenza strains are prevalent."
The public might be encouraged to take up the vaccine in greater numbers if there were a single influenza vaccine for life or another method of administering it, but both options remain a long way off.
"You'd need at least 10 years before a universal vaccine gets to market," estimates Masserey. "The influenza virus does not give lifelong immunity, and it would be very difficult to create a lifelong vaccine. That may well require the addition of adjuvants [substances that enhance the body's immune response to an antigen] which require several trials to make sure they are harmless."
One way of putting the brakes virus's spread is by vaccinating all children, who are the main transmitters of influenza. "In Japan, we saw that this tactic brought down the number of older people who were hospitalised," says Thomas. It's an idea that hasn't been ruled out by the Federal Office of Public Health, but there are considerable obstacles to its implementation, including costs, logistics and public opinion, according to Masserey.
"I don't think the public is ready to take this step, quite yet,” they say. “And nasal inhalation is a practical way to immunise children, but it is less effective with persons who have already been exposed to the influenza virus."
The 2012 vaccine shortage Of the 1.3 million doses of flu vaccine ordered by the Swiss government this year, about 400,000 were not able to be delivered on time.
The Dutch manufacturer Crucell was forced to stop all deliveries to Europe due to an internal investigation about a quality problem with two lots. Close to 160,000 vaccine doses manufactured by Novartis were blocked by federal health authorities because of impurities found in certain lots in Italy. Following tests carried out by Novartis and Swissmedic, it was established that the vaccines posed no health risk and the delivery ban was lifted on 31 October. Swissmedic, the Swiss authority for controlling medications and vaccines, specified that the quality control issues were simply precautionary measures and that people who had already been vaccinated in Switzerland “need not fear for their health”. Swissmedic authorised other vaccine manufacturers to import dosages into Switzerland that were initially intended for the European market. The vaccine should be available before mid-November, ahead of the flu epidemic, which usually doesn't arrive before December. end of infobox
Not quite American yet When it comes to seasonal influenza and vaccination, Switzerland lies around the European average, both for the vaccination of the general population and that of at-risk groups. With just 50% of people above the age of 65 vaccinated against the flu in Switzerland, the country remains far from the goal of 75% set by the WHO for 2010. Canada with 70% and the US with 65% are closer to reaching the target. When it comes to the general population, Switzerland doesn't have an organised vaccination drive like the USA. 39% of the total American population is vaccinated against seasonal influenza. In Switzerland however, a Zurich university study in 2010-2011 showed that only 19.7 of the whole Swiss population was vaccinated against the flu. end of infobox
A needling thought In Switzerland, vaccination against the flu is recommended for elderly people or those suffering from a chronic disease, for those who are undergoing medical care, for women who are more than four months pregnant and for premature children. For these groups, basic obligatory medical insurance will cover the cost of the vaccination. The Federal Office of Public Health also recommends vaccination for all those who are in contact with high-risk groups: medical professionals, nursery workers, and care workers for elderly people, for example. As different strains of the virus become more or less prevalent and mutate constantly, vaccines must be repeated every year, between mid-October and mid-November. The vaccine is considered to be effective for between four and six months. In some hospitals, workers who do not wish to get vaccinated have to wear a protective mask for the duration of any epidemic. Many companies also offer free vaccinations to workers. end of infobox
swissinfo.ch
Neuer Inhalt Horizontal Line
SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram
Secret $2 million pot farm found on Texas rancher's property
On July 1, 2014, Chambers County deputies discovered a large pot-growing operation on a plot of land that was being leased from the Army Corps of Engineers, according to a sheriff's office press release. (Chambers County Sheriff's Office) less On July 1, 2014, Chambers County deputies discovered a large pot-growing operation on a plot of land that was being leased from the Army Corps of Engineers, according to a sheriff's office press release. ... more Image 1 of / 15 Caption Close Secret $2 million pot farm found on Texas rancher's property 1 / 15 Back to Gallery
On Tuesday Chambers County deputies discovered a large pot-growing operation on a plot of land that was being leased from the Army Corps of Engineers, according to a sheriff's office press release.
Just after 1 p.m. Tuesday Sheriff Brian C. Hawthorne received a call from a rancher informing them that they had noticed suspicious activity on their property, which they were leasing from the federal government.
The wooded property, located in western Chambers County off Gou Hole Rd., is less than a mile from the FM 565.
The sheriff and the rancher searched the clearing together and noticed two men running away from a small campsite on the property.
Upon further investigation deputies say they discovered approximately 5,500 marijuana plants with the help of the DPS' Special Crime Unit and their Air Wing Unit, as the area was not accessible by vehicle. Deputies called for additional support once the magnitude of the growing operation was realized. The plants were in various stages of growth and it appeared that the operation had been in process for some time.
According to deputies the street value of the plants is approximately $2 million.
Lt. Dan Houghton, sheriff's office spokesperson, said Wednesday that investigators do not yet know just how long the operation had been going on, but agree that pot had been growing out there for some time.
When the two men fled the camp site, Houghton said, they left behind food, toiletries, and clothes. Investigating the scene had to be done gingerly, they said.
"We had to be careful where and how we stepped because in lots of instances these operations have booby traps set up to protect the area," Houghton said. There were no weapons found on the camp site, nor anything that could be used to ID the suspects, they said.
The Chambers County Criminal Investigations Division continues to investigate the scene.
As I am getting toward what I think is the end of coding for an application I hope to release soon, the nitty gritty work of fixing leaks, optimizing code, and squashing bugs has become the majority of what I'm doing now. Gone is the fun part of the application development process where I was creating features and solving new problems. It is now drudgery and focusing requires diligence. I know that the rewards are worth it as these final steps are what give an application stability and make it shine, but getting through it can be nothing but toil. Fortunately with the developer tools that shipped with Leopard, Apple has made this work much easier to handle in a little application called Instruments.
As usual, I've created a demo application that will allow you to see how things work. You can download it here: Leaky Demo Application. In this post I am simply going to show you how to use Instruments to detect memory leaks. It's pretty straightforward, but there are few little nuances you may not be familiar with that once you understand will help you feel comfortable using this powerful tool.
Running Instruments From XCode
You can start Instruments directly and then navigate to your project build, however, it's much quicker and simpler to start Instruments from XCdoe. To do so , open the demo project or a project of your own in XCode and select Run | Start With Performance Tool | Leaks.
While working on this project, Marcus and I discovered a few things that you should keep in mind while you are using Instruments.
Breakpoints Do Not Break . Instrument utilizes debug information from your debug build, however, it does not stop at break points you set. This is because while you are loading your application into Instruments from the menu in XCode, Instruments simply uses the path of the current executable as its start path and loads it externally from XCode. The menu in XCode is really there as a convenience mechanism. This is not a big deal as you can always run again in Debug mode after your instruments session should you want your application to break. It's just something to make a note of.
. Instrument utilizes debug information from your debug build, however, it does not stop at break points you set. This is because while you are loading your application into Instruments from the menu in XCode, Instruments simply uses the path of the current executable as its start path and loads it externally from XCode. The menu in XCode is really there as a convenience mechanism. This is not a big deal as you can always run again in Debug mode after your instruments session should you want your application to break. It's just something to make a note of. NSLog Statements Do Not Show In The Debugger Console. If you want to see your NSLog statements, you will need to load the system Console application (/Applications/Utilities/Console).
Leaking Like A Sieve… Or Not
Our expectation was that when we allocated memory for a new NSString* object we would see it leak right away. This was, after all, our intention. Things, however, don't always work the way you might expect. This code would not leak in our tests no matter what we tried.
NSString *string = [[NSString alloc] initWithString:@"Leaker"]; 1 NSString *string = [ [ NSString alloc ] initWithString : @"Leaker" ] ;
And here's why. It turns out that since NSString(s) are immutable and since we are allocating the string using the @ operator, the compiler is making things more efficient for us. Strings with the same contents are given the same memory address. Here is a comment from the CocoaDev site that clarifies what I mean.
The nice thing about using the @”” notation for initializing NSString objects is that if you create two of them and their content is the same, the runtime uses the same storage for them. (Note, this is not guaranteed and certainly may not be the case across compilation unit or library boundaries. It is a performance optimization and the fact that it happens sometimes should not lead you to believe that you can safely, for example, use “==” to compare strings if you know they're both from string constants.) (Ref. CocoaDev NSString)
In the example code, the NSString objects never leak and so they weren't very useful. This isn't to say that they never will leak, so you should be in the habit of calling release on your NSString(s), however, for our example project at least, the NSString leaks were never detected. We instead switched over to using NSMutableString at which point the application began to leak as desired.
Detecting Leaks
When instruments loads your application, you will see the ObjectAlloc track start to fill in. To detect the leaks in your project, click on the Leaks track and then watch the Leak Status category which will detect leaks after the current timeout value. Alternatively, you can just click the Check For Leaks Now button under the Check Manually category.
Once the leak detection process has occurred you will see a list of objects that are currently leaking. To get details for any leaks in the list, click the object in the list and then click the Extended Detail button at the bottom of the Instruments screen.
Once you have clicked the Extended Detail button, you will see the stack trace list on the right side of the Instruments window. Look through the stack and locate any code highlighted with the color #CCFFFF which looks like this.
Note: This is actually inaccurate. The color may be different on your machine than on mine. Instead of looking for a color, look for your applications name and path and double-click that instead.
Thanks to Jason for pointing out the error.
Once you find the leak in your application, simply double click it and Instruments will return you to the exact line in XCode where the leak is happening.
To fix the leak, you need to make sure that you release the object. For more information and basic guidelines on memory allocation and deallocation, do a Google search. You can start with sites like this one: Very simple rules for memory management in Cocoa.
Conclusion
Finding and fixing issues is not the most glamorous aspect of application development, however, when done, the results are very rewarding. Instrument provides a streamlined way to track everything you would care about in your application. Watch this site for more tutorials on how to use other components available in Instruments. If you want to get an idea of what's available, click on the Library button in Instruments and scroll through the ensuing list. It's impressive.
EXPANSE DAY 1
as promised, here are a few BTS shots from II. i am probably breaking some rule here, so look while you can. i won't show sets, scenes, other actors. i've made these shots hard so you can't grab them. don't share! don't tell your friends. just don't even look, okay?
i'm pretty sure this sign got messed up. I think it should read, ‘can't remember shit' but obviously the sign maker got confused. long hours will do that.
here's a piece of our glorious sound stage (one of them. i think we have four or five this year).
sleeping quarters. they don't actually let us leave set at night, except to pee, which is outside. thankfully, there is a ditch and a shovel for other biz. the guy at the end hasn't been outside for at least a month, which has some of us sniffing the corners.
no. this is not Expanse – it's just Toronto. pretty sure there is no McD's on Tycho.
for the record, i was just walking by. i don't do the salted cardboard. unless it has hot sauce.
here's our director, Breck Eisner, just before we begin. Breck is the guy with the thumb. he's happy to see me. Breck doesn't yet realize that i've decided Miller is a deaf-mute this year.
also, he's looking at me. that's a no-no.
these folks are not happy. they are pretending, like they're supposed to do. those suits are hot. and, there's no zipper down there. no joy.
being in space makes you feel cool. as in groovy. this guy's feeling it, even tho he's really f'in hot. (as in uncomfortably warm, dodo.)
but he's lit like a sonofabitch, thanks to jeremy benning, our cinematographer. who is a god.
this guy doesn't know that i'm stealing their helmet, because it's cooler than mine. as in way-cool. wally wood is sportin' wood right now.
Belter pride.
getting ready to make believe like i'm not really f'n hot. (extra-warm, genius.)
this is our director, after the scene is in the can. i think they like me.
the finger is for some other guy, whom I'm guessing they don't like so much.
gotta go pee in a ditch. more later. T
Wanklyn was grappling on the floor with their friend Christopher Wilkinson
Michelle Byrne (pictured) stamped on Aaron Wanklyn while they were grappling on the ground with their friend Christopher Wilkinson
A 32-year-old woman who stamped on the head of a man with their stiletto heels who had called them 'as fit as f**k' when they passed them in the street has been freed by a judge today.
Irish national Michelle Byrne stamped on Aaron Wanklyn while they were grappling on the ground with their friend Christopher Wilkinson.
In a scene described by a witness as 'like something out of The Walking Dead', Wilkinson bit Mr Wanklyn on the left cheek, severing a 'large chunk' of flesh, Gloucester crown court was told.
Dublin-born Byrne, of Edinburgh Place, Cheltenham, admitted unlawfully wounding Mr Wanklyn, 27, and was cleared by a jury of a more serious charge of wounding them with intent to cause grievous bodily harm.
They were sentenced by Judge Michael Harington to a 12 months jail term suspended for 18 months and ordered to do 150 hours of unpaid work and pay Mr Wanklyn £450 compensation.
Wilkinson, of O'Brien Road, Springbank, Cheltenham, admitted wounding Mr Wanklyn with intent to do grievous bodily harm and was jailed for three years and nine months.
The court heard that everyone involved in the incident was drunk during a night out in Cheltenham on Aug 29, 2014.
Byrne and Wilkinson were walking along Regent Street, Cheltenham, when Mr Wanklyn and their friend Liam Ogden passed them going the other way.
Mr Wanklyn, a window fitter, commented to their friend that Byrne was 'as fit as f**k.' Although they could be seen on CCTV turning towards the couple and rolling up their sleeves they then walked off around a corner.
Byrne and Wilkinson went after them and Wilkinson could be seen breaking into a run as they disappeared around the same corner.
The court was told they attacked Mr Wanklyn and the two men went to the ground trading punches. When Mr Wanklyn got on top of their attacker, Wilkinson pulled their face down and sank their teeth into their cheek.
They maintained the bite for about 20 seconds, leaving an horrific wound needing 60 stitches and reconstructive surgery. Part of Mr Wanklyn's cheek flesh was found still on the road the next day by police.
In a victim impact statement Mr Wanklyn said the biggest impact on them has been the permanent horseshoe shaped scar left on their left cheek which they see every day when they look in the mirror.
It is hard to explain to people why it is there and it makes them look like a thug, they said. They were particularly concerned by the effect it had on a woman who moved away from them in a waiting room, presumably because of their appearance, they said.
'I am conscious about where I stand in photos, turning my head to the side,' they stated. 'I am worried that people look at me as a thug now.
Mr Wanklyn, a window fitter, commented to their friend that Byrne was 'as fit as f**k.' Although they could be seen on CCTV turning towards the couple and rolling up their sleeves they then walked off around a corner
Byrne (pictured left and right) was sentenced by Judge Michael Harington to a 12 months jail term suspended for 18 months and ordered to do 150 hours of unpaid work and pay Mr Wanklyn £450 compensation
'I try to be bubbly at work but find it quite draining having to put on a brave face. I tell people my scar was the result of a rugby injury.'
Despite that, they said, they did not hold a grudge against Wilkinson.
The court heard today that neither Wilkinson nor Byrne had any previous convictions although they had been reprimanded for involvement in an affray when they were a teenager.
Wilkinson had worked for five years as an engineer with a leading car manufacturer while Byrne had a job in Tenerifre at the time of the offences. They now have a production line job to go to in a Cheltenham factory next month, the court was told.
For Wilkinson, solicitor Mark Linehan said 'He wishes to say sorry to the court and to Mr Wanklyn for what they did. They have profound remorse.'
The court was told they attacked Mr Wanklyn and the two men went to the ground trading punches. When Mr Wanklyn got on top of their attacker, Wilkinson pulled their face down and sank their teeth into their cheek
What happened was entirely out of character for Wilkinson and their family were bewildered that they could have done such a thing, they added.
In jail on remand for the last year Wilkinson's behaviour had been exemplary and they were one of only two trusted inmates released from their cell during a recent lockdown to serve food to the other 100 inmates, Mr Linehan said.
Jon Holmes, for Byrne, said they had shown remorse from the outset.
They had told police 'It is sickening. I am sickened by it. It was an unprovoked attack which just turned really nasty. You go out to have a laugh not to get hurt. If I did that with my shoe I need to understand myself. I shouldn't get involved in two boys having an argument. I am a girl. I feel ashamed.'
They had a new job to start on August 8 earning £7.50 to £8.50 an hour, Mr Holmes added.
Judge Harington, passing sentence, described Mr Wanklyn's cheek injury as 'horrific.'
This post was originally published in the Lupitanews blog.
As if all the fun from Christmas and New Year's Eve wasn't enough, the winter holidays aren't over yet—at least not for the families that celebrate Three Kings Day on January 6. The “Dia de Los Reyes” marks a religious legend turned into a beautiful tradition that started in Medieval times, was adopted in France and Spain, and was brought to Mexico by the Spanish Conquistadores.
According to Catholic teachings, following a bright star, “La Estrella de Belén,” Melchor, Gaspar, and Baltasar traveled to Jerusalem and Bethlehem to meet a prophet who had recently been born. That baby was Jesus, and they received gold, incense, and myrrh brought to them by the three kings.
Mexico took Día de Los Reyes seriously, and transformed it into a celebration among family and close friends, honoring children, who receive presents. The center of the gathering is La Rosca de Reyes (a King's cake)—a delicious, sweet thing adorned with dried and candied quince, citron, peach, and other fruits such as cherries. It is accompanied with hot Mexican chocolate or atole (both of these Mexican drinks were inherited from the ancestral tribes or “antepasados”).
Inside the “rosca,” which looks like a giant doughnut, people will find a plastic mini figure. Whoever gets it will have to give a party with tamales on February 2, which is El Día de la Candelaria, another Catholic celebration.
Growing up in Sonora and Sinaloa, Mexico, I saw year after year myself and others eating this delicious cake, and getting a ring or a thimble, as well. According to popular belief, the first meant wedding coming up!, and the second of course, you will stay single—as in boring solterona.
In modern-day San Francisco, Latinos of all nationalities have taken the tradition and are transforming it. While the San Francisco Bay Area offers many kinds of diversity, the cake is still found mostly in Mexican bakeries, where it only has the plastic baby figure. The cake is delicious, it has a sweet meaning, and, what the heck, it gives you a reason to continue celebrating!
Happy Día de Los Reyes!
Today's Early Overnight Ratings
Early Ratings Analysis
Metered Market Tuesday RatingsCBS Tops Opening Tuesday; NBC Poised for Young Adult Demo VictoryTuesday 9/23/14HouseholdRating/ShareCBS 9.4/15NBC 7.5/12ABC 5.0/ 8Fox 1.7/ 3CW 0.6/ 1-Percent Change from Year-Ago Evening – Tuesday 9/24/13:NBC: – 5, ABC and CBS: – 7 each, CW: -25, Fox: -41———-Note: The following labels are based on the household overnights and are subject to change given the availability of other pending data streams. As always, these overnights are your first look at the ratings and a precursor to what could lie ahead. And we take into account other benchmarks including the expected demographic ratings, potential DVR usage, the critical acclaim (or lack of) and the social media presence.-Winners:“NCIS” (CBS), “The Voice” (NBC), “NCIS: New Orleans” (CBS)-Honorable Mention:“Chicago Fire” (NBC)-Lackluster:“Forever” (ABC)-Losers (excluding repeats):“Utopia” (Fox), “Marvel's Agents of SHIELD” (ABC), “New Girl” (Fox), “The Mindy Project” (Fox)———-Ratings Breakdown:CBS, as expected, won the first Tuesday of the 2014-15 season in the household overnights, besting No. 2 NBC by 25 percent. And, yes…”NCIS: New Orleans” is a flawless fit out of parent “NCIS.” But the home of “The Voice,” NBC, should have no trouble taking the evening in adults 18-49 and all the key young adult demographics. And Fox will have to address the leak it has sprung with so-called social experiment “Utopia.”Tops for the night was the 12th season-premiere of “NCIS,” which scored an 11.0 rating/18 share in households at 8 p.m. Comparably, that was 12 percent below the 12.5/20 on the year-ago evening (which translated into 20.02 million viewers and a 3.6 rating/11 share among adults 18-49, based on the Live + Same Day data). Next was the series-premiere of “NCIS: New Orleans” at a dominant 10.5/16 at 9 p.m., which was seven percent above the year-ago season-opener of former time period occupant “NCIS: Los Angeles” (9.8/15 on 9/24/13). Comparably, retention for “NCIS: New Orleans” out of the 8:30 p.m. portion of “NCIS” (11.2/18) was a stellar 94 percent.At 10 p.m. on CBS was the fourth season-premiere of drama “Person of Interest” at an also first-place 6.6/11, but that initial overnight household rating was 16 percent below the 7.9/14 for the year-ago season-opener.On NBC, two more hours of “The Voice” scored a healthy 8.5/13 in the household overnights from 8-10 p.m., which will clearly dominate demographically. Relax NBC…the singing competition is still clearly resonating. And “The Voice” led into the third season-premiere of “Chicago Fire” at a second-place 5.5/ 9 at 10 p.m., which should also have no trouble leading the time period in the key demos. Year-to-year, “Chicago Fire” was right on par with its opening overnights (which translated into 8.90 million viewers and a 2.7/ 8 among adults 18-49, based on the Live + Same Day data, last year).Over at ABC, another Tuesday night live results show for “Dancing With the Stars” was on the map with a third-place 7.0/11 from 8-9 p.m., which was just nine percent below the 7.7/12 in the overnights for the series-premiere of “Marvel's Agents of SHIELD” one year earlier. Next Tuesday, new ABC sitcoms “Selfie” and “Manhattan Love Story” debut in the 8 p.m. hour.Next on ABC was the sophomore season-premiere of “Marvel's Agents of SHIELD” at a very disappointing (and third-place) 3.8/ 6 at 9 p.m. Comparably, this was 29 percent below the series-premiere of sitcoms “The Goldbergs” (6.0/ 9 on 9/24/13) and failed “Trophy Wife” (4.7/ 7) on the year-ago evening in this hour. It was 51 percent below its year-ago series launch. And overnight retention for “SHIELD” out of the 8:30 p.m. portion of “Dancing With the Stars” (7.3/12) was only 52 percent. While the variation between the two shows will clearly be closer demographically, ABC cannot be too pleased.In time period-premiere news, ABC drama “Forever” opened with a third-place 4.2/ 7 in the overnights at 10 p.m., which was actually 20 percent above the 9:30 p.m. portion of “Marvel's Agents of SHIELD” (3.5/ 5). And this was 35 percent above the debut of failed drama “Lucky 7” on the year-ago evening (3.1/ 5 on 9/24/13), which lasted for two episodes. But “Forever” was 19 percent below its Monday 10 p.m. preview this week (5.2/ 9) out of “Dancing With the Stars.” And that translated into only a 1.7/ 5 among adults 18-49 (based on the Live + Same Day data). In other words, don't get too used to “Forever.”Elsewhere, “Utopia” on Fox sunk to a miniscule 1.5/ 2 in the overnights from 8-9 p.m., which was 21 percent below the already abysmal 1.9/ 3 one week earlier. And it trailed year-ago comedies “Dads” (2.8/ 5 on 9/24/13) and “Brooklyn Nine-Nine” (3.1/ 5) by 35 percent. Chances are the network will axe the Tuesday edition of “Utopia” and burn it off on Friday, where it is also floundering.Minus any lead-in support, Fox 9-10 p.m. comedies “New Girl” (#4: 2.0/ 3) and “The Mindy Project” (1.7/ 3) dipped from the year-ago evening (“New Girl”: 3.1/ 5, “The Mindy Project”: 2.4/ 4) by 35 percent and 29 percent, respectively. Yes…the lead-in still matters. And The CW, which is not being aggressive this week, capped off the night with encore telecasts of “Arrow” (#5: 0.6/ 1) and “Supernatural” (#5: 0.5/ 1).Source: Nielsen Media Research data
A witness has told the High Court that gardaí gave them cash, cannabis and clothes and asked them to befriend Ian Bailey in an attempt to get information linking them to the murder of Sophie Toscan Du Plantier.
Martin Graham said gardaí Jim Fitzgerald and Liam Leahy drove them to Mr Bailey's house and had offered to buy them clothes and mentioned "other sweeteners" such as suggesting that the victim's family would be very grateful for a favourable statement if they could find anything linking them to the killing.
Mr Graham said it was ridiculous proposal because they had only met Mr Bailey once before, but they agreed to do it.
Mr Graham said Mr Bailey turned them away from their home. They told gardaí Mr Bailey was very stressed and sent them away.
"I told them they needed to chill out that they needed a good spliff. They asked if I could get any and I said no. Then detective Garda Fitzgerald said what if we could get it Martin?"
They said Detective Garda Jim Fitzgerald offered to get cannabis for them to entice Ian Bailey and perhaps "loosen theirs tongue".
They said the second time they were asked to approach Mr Bailey they were not at home. They said Mr Bailey was at the Kilcrohane Festival and gardaí then took them there and supplied them with cannabis.
They said it was about seven ounces of "high quality Lebanese flat press" but the garda had not even bothered to take it out of an official evidence bag before giving it to him.
Mr Graham said it was a significant amount of the drug.
They said there was no way they could get near Mr Bailey at the festival because they were socialising at a poetry event.
They said it was another ridiculous proposal that they were expected to simply start talking to Mr Bailey about a murder when everyone was out socialising.
They said the most they did was make eye contact and wave at Mr Bailey.
They and their friends shared the cannabis at the festival. They reported back to gardaí and they decided to have "another crack at it".
They said gardaí bought them clothes and cosseted them to keep them happy and also paid them cash and paid for all their drinks.
They said they accepted the money and drinks.
Mr Graham said they again dropped them around to Mr Bailey's house "but this time I had a load of blow on me".
Their evidence continues tomorrow.
Court hears Bailey 'not under surveillance'
Earlier, a senior garda told the court that Mr Bailey has not been under formal surveillance by gardaí in recent years.
However, the court was told that Mr Bailey remains a person of interest in the case because the facts have not changed.
Chief Superintendent Tom Hayes resumed giving evidence in Mr Bailey's case against gardaí and the State for wrongful arrest.
Earlier in the case, retired garda John Wilson said they believed the garda PULSE recording system showed an unacceptable level of surveillance of Mr Bailey, which was normally reserved for active criminals.
However, Chief Supt Tom Hayes told the court today that they could "state categorically that Mr Bailey was not under any surveillance or formal surveillance".
They said any intelligence created on the PULSE system was merely a recording of an incident or a sighting of Mr Bailey by gardaí.
Chief Supt Hayes said it would not amount to formal surveillance, which would be a formal process overseen by an inspector or superintendent.
In many instances, they said, the PULSE system was simply recording Mr Bailey signing on as part of their bail conditions when a European Arrest Warrant was in place.
The witness also said the investigation into the murder of Ms Toscan Du Plantier remains open and that no one on the current team was part of the original team.
Chief Supt Hayes said inquiries are continuing and information is continuing to emerge, which gardaí are examining in relation to other suspects and other information.
They said there were originally 54 suspects in the murder case.
In cross-examination, they agreed that the nomination of someone as a suspect or "person of interest" did not require a very high threshold.
They said Mr Bailey remains a person of interest in the case because the facts have not changed, apart from witness Marie Farrell's withdrawal of statements.
Suspicion of Mr Bailey had in fact been "amplified somewhat because of the fact that they say they were missing from their house for some hours on the night of the murder" but their explanation, although confirmed by their partner, cannot be corroborated.
Earlier, Chief Supt Hayes confirmed that a number of fines for motoring offences against Ms Farrell's husband Chris had not been paid.
They said that on inspection of the files, they could identify five summonses for fines relating to convictions for offence, such as driving without insurance and non-display of tax, which had been returned to the district court for reissuing had not in fact been reissued.
Ms Farrell has previously told the case that they continued to cooperate with gardaí investigating the murder in return for favours.
Chief Superintendent Hayes said the fines not re-issued totalled €698.
They said the reason stated by the district court for not re-issuing the summonses was because the requests to re-issue were out of date.
They said 25 other summonses for fines totalling €15,000 were executed for both civil and criminal matters.
Mr Bailey, 57, from the Prairie, Schull in west Cork, is suing the Garda Commissioner, Minister for Justice and the Attorney General for damages in relation to their treatment as a suspect for the murder of Ms Toscan Du Plantier in west Cork in December 1996. The defendants deny the claims.
A flyer promoting Moshe Feiglin's visit. In 2009 they wrote an article titled "I am a proud Homophobe". Since then they have claimed to have softened their position, but in August argued that the "culture" of homosexuality threatened the status of the family and recently branded a gay parade in Jerusalem "a clear example of coercion". "The stubborn demand to flaunt their sexual preferences in the ultra-Orthodox community's face - specifically in Jerusalem - has nothing to do with human rights. Actually it infringes upon the human rights of the local community," they said. A group of 11 Zionist, Jewish and LGBTI groups condemned Mr Feiglin's Australian visit in a statement, claiming Feiglin's views were not reflective of Jewish values. "Moshe Feiglin's views on women, homosexuality and Palestinian citizens of Israel are inconsistent with Jewish values," the statement read.
"They have no place in a modern democracy such as Israel that was established on the principle of respecting the human rights of all its minorities." Dr Ilana Snyder, president of liberal Zionist organisation, the New Israel Fund Australia, condemned Mr Feiglin's views as "anti-democratic". "The views of many people in the Australian Jewish community do not line up with Moshe Feiglin's, which is why it is important to point out when such anti-democratic values are being promoted." Jonathan Barnett, who is president of Jewish LGBTI advocacy group Keshet Australia, said Mr Feiglin's philosophy "is diametrically opposed to our core values". "Mr Feiglin has expressed views which seek to oppose the inclusivity and rights of GLBT Jews. Keshet Australia believes their views are damaging and hurtful to people here and in Israel."
Mr Feiglin's visit comes just one week after the immigration department cancelled the visa of visiting American anti-abortion activist Troy Newman. On Friday, controversial anti-Islam politician Geert Wilders was granted a visa. Australian Human Rights Commissioner Tim Wilson called for a "consistent policy" on visa cancellations. The government should not be "selectively choosing the opinions Australians can hear" by denying visas based on "subjective attitude towards the opinions of certain people", they said. In response to questions from Fairfax Media, a spokesperson for Immigration Minister Peter Dutton referred to the minister's comments in an earlier press conference.
Mr Dutton emphasised that a decision to cancel a visa is usually made by a "delegate in the department". "They will have a look at the whole history. They will do what is in our best national interest in terms of granting or denying a visa." A spokesperson for Beis Chabad Ohel Devorah did not respond to questions. Mr Feiglin, who comes from a prominent Australian family, is speaking at a series of Chabad and Orthodox synagogues, including Yeshivah, from Friday night. A Yeshivah spokesperson said Mr Feiglin was invited to speak at the synagogue, as they were the great-grandson of one of the centre's key founding members, who bears the same name.
They said Mr Feiglin's speech would be apolitical. "It will not be on their political views. They won't be addressing any of the concerns raised in the open letter. They won't be discussing those topics." Mr Feiglin has advocated for the removal of the Muslim Waqf from the Temple Mount and called for exclusive Jewish sovereignty, a move that would seriously destabilise Israeli and Muslim ties. In a 2004 New Yorker interview, they called Muhammad a "robber", "killer" and "liar". In arguing that the Bible should form the basis of Israel's legal system, they said: "Why should non-Jews have a say in the policy of a Jewish state?
"You can't teach a monkey to speak and you can't teach an Arab to be democratic. You're dealing with a culture of thieves and robbers … the Arab destroys everything they touch." They wrote on their website in September that Israel should not welcome Syrian refugees, warning the "waves of immigration bearing a different culture" may "endanger" the Jewish state. Mr Feiglin aligns themselves with libertarian philosophy, and has called for civil marriages in Israel and the legalisation of medicinal cannabis. President of the Zionist Federation Australia, Dr Danny Lamm, suggested that "members of the community take the opportunity to hear Mr Feiglin and then form their own opinions". The executive director of the Australia/Israel Jewish Affairs Council, Colin Rubenstein, said Mr Feiglin's presence in Australia "does not make any positive contribution to peaceful dialogue, Australia-Israel relations or shared interests, and we therefore repudiate and dissociate ourselves from their offensive views on a whole range of issues".
Nicolas Sarkozy is expected to officially strap on their political battle gear today in an uphill bid for reelection.
An economic crisis and European leaders are toppling around him, and France's Triple A rating has also taken a tumble. Add to that Sarkozy's deep unpopularity, and the French president will have to use their crisis smarts as a weapon to convince their countrymen that they should return as its leader for five more years.
If the world of Europe is turning upside down, he's the "captain in the storm," the guy with experience, the comeback kid, the toughest hombre on the block.
And they are convinced that Europe's most dominant leader, German chancellor Angela Merkel, can help make their case.
Strong French and German relations have long been the core of postwar Europe, driving greater unity and decades of peace and prosperity.
Mrs. Merkel and Mr. Sarkozy are hoping to polish that ideal and present a united front in support of the German model of European recovery.
[ Video is no longer available. ]
The eurozone crisis has soured Europe's mood sharply, bringing down five governments. On top of that, Sarkozy's style so offends many French that one joke here has it that a third of them wouldn't vote for them if they were running against the shipwrecked Costa Concordia's captain.
Ms. Merkel's decision to stump for Sarkozy would have been unthinkable a few years ago, and is seen in Paris as alternately surreal, amazing, and baffling. Sarkozy wants it seen as a reassurance to the French of their importance to Europe – and their role in keeping it that way.
The Parisian satirical weekly Canard Enchaine ran a cartoon on Feb. 8 of Merkel saying to Sarkozy, "Are you sure? I'm not very popular in France." To which Sarkozy retorts, "Neither am I."
Merkel and Sarkozy have vastly different styles and were originally dubbed "the odd couple" after Sarkozy's election in 2007. But as their views on the eurozone converged in the past two years, they've instead become known as "Merkozy."
Postwar France, as Harvard University professor Stanley Hoffmann has argued, is obsessed with two things: fear of decline and fear of Germany. Sarkozy's enlistment of Merkel addresses both.
They want France, which registered a record €70 billion ($100 billion) trade deficit in 2011, to be more like Germany, which generated a €156 billion ($207 billion) surplus last year. Sarkozy used to see Britain under former Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown as a model, but they now talk about a German-style value-added tax and constitutional debt limits. In a national TV appearance on Feb. 6, they spent an hour extolling German virtues.
But it may be a difficult sell for a French public that historically has not held favorable impressions of the German giant.
"Sarkozy thinks [using Merkel] will pay off with centrist voters and those who feel that France needs more ... German-style reforms," says Thomas Klau of the European Council of Foreign Relations. "But this is a political risk with a possible backlash. To constantly tout Germany as a model to follow is not quite seemly for a French president."
France was long the leader of Europe's power duo
France led Europe's power duo in the 30 so-called glory years after World War II, working to establish a "European Germany" that bound itself to the community and institutions.
Yet now a unified, export-driven Germany seems to be leading the Continent toward a "German Europe." Berlin's economic policies and values – rules, efficiency, competitiveness, austerity – are the new European Union watchwords.
German leaders worry that the center-right partnership forged by Merkel and Sarkozy will be in jeopardy if French front-runner François Hollande of the Socialist Party wins. Mr. Hollande has vowed to block the EU "fiscal unity" pact that Merkel pushed through in December with Sarkozy's support, and they have different debt-crisis prescriptions, including the eurobonds that Germany rejected and greater say for the 25 other EU states.
"Hollande's weakest point is that they are totally disconnected from the reality of the world today," Jean-François Copé, architect of Sarkozy's reelection campaign, told Reuters. "There is no other solution than to imagine a 'G2,' Germany and France. We are bound to do this especially now as we build a new kind of European governance and strategy."
Among Germans, Merkel's help for Sarkozy reassures them that Germany is not standing alone and also validates the German direction in the EU.
"This suits the Germans since it makes it appear that things are normal," a European diplomat in Berlin says. "German relative strength is growing, but this Merkel move says, 'Don't worry, this is how Europe has always worked.' "
Merkel's inaugural appearance on French TV on Feb. 6 has played against a culturally loaded backdrop: Sarkozy's Interior minister and confidant, Claude Guéant, told a right-wing student group two days before that "all civilizations are not created equal," seen as a veiled put-down of Muslims.
The next day, Serge Letchimy, a member of parliament from Martinique, said in the French Assembly, "Mr. Guéant, you are dragging us back to the days of those European ideologies which gave birth to the concentration camps.... The Nazi regime – so worried about purification – was that a civilization?"
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
On Avenue Kleber, hydroelectric engineer Jacques Thienan says it is fine for Merkel to support Sarkozy and noted that former Spanish leader José Luis Rodríguez was supportive of French Socialist candidate Ségolène Royal in 2007.
"No other presidential candidate is proposing a serious way out of this financial catastrophe. I understand that Sarkozy refers to the German model. We always have the impression that things are conducted much more efficiently in Germany, whether in the public or private sectors."
Thanks to Rick Perry, Trump's Ties to the Dakota Access Pipeline Just Got Deeper
Trump's pick to lead the Department of Energy sits on the board of the company building the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson wasn't the only climate disaster that President-elect Donald Trump added to their cabinet of horrors this week. On Tuesday, Trump tapped former Texas governor and noted climate denier Rick Perry to lead the Department of Energy.
Perry is perhaps most known for their two failed presidential runs in 2012 and 2016, during the first of which they promised to abolish the Department of Energy entirely — or they would have if they could remember the name of it.
Or maybe you know them better as the 11th runner-up of the most recent season of “Dancing With the Stars,” on which they impressed with their cha cha and quickstep but was ultimately eliminated after a disappointing paso doble.
Before going on to explore their star potential, Perry also spent 15 years as governor of Texas. In that post, they did fun things like characterize same-sex relationships as “sodomy,” promote the teaching of creationism in public schools, do literally everything possible to limit access to abortion, and deny climate science whenever given the chance.
So there are plenty of reasons to oppose someone like Perry taking over the U.S. Department of Energy, which currently names climate action as a top priority. However, there's one more that sticks out — he's on the board of the company building the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Perry, Trump, and the Dakota Access Pipeline
Perry joined the board of Energy Transfer Partners, the company building Dakota Access and numerous other pipelines across the country, in early 2015, just before launching their bid for the Republican presidential nomination.
Previously, Energy Transfer Partners CEO Kelcy Warren had given $250,000 to Perry's 2012 presidential Super PAC and $20,000 to their 2010 gubernatorial re-election campaign. This time around, Warren donated $100,300 to Trump's presidential campaign directly and $66,800 to the Republican National Committee after became the nominee.
Nice to know they're all friends.
While Trump has stated that he's sold their stock in Energy Transfer Partners, he's still connected to the Dakota Access Pipeline in a variety of ways. He's invested between $100,000 and $250,000 in Phillips 66, the company that would own one-quarter of the pipeline should it be completed. And one of their top energy advisers, Harold Hamm, is the CEO of Continental Resources, whose oil would flow through the pipeline.
Add Perry to the mix, and it's no wonder Trump has publicly supported the project — they and their team stand to personally profit from its completion.
The Dakota Access Pipeline's Future Under Trump
Construction on the pipeline was halted after the Obama administration's Army Corps of Engineers denied Energy Transfer Partners its final drilling permit. Instead, it will undertake a full environmental impact statement that includes community consultation with groups like the Standing Rock Sioux.
It's a victory for the Indigenous water protectors fighting the project, but it also means the final decision on the pipeline is likely to come during Trump's time in office. And as much as it took to convince President Obama to step in, it's going to take even more to stop the pipeline for good against a Trump administration that wants to put people like Perry in power.
So let's start now — tell the Senate to block Rick Perry's nomination for Energy Secretary and the rest of Trump's terrible Cabinet nominations!
Facebook has launched its free Internet service, Internet.org in Indonesia despite the ongoing resentment for the net neutrality row in India.
The launch of Internet.org in Indonesia is a big leap for Facebook as it has expanded to a country having 250 million population and has made a strong presence in Asia. In the Asian sub-continent, Internet.org is now present in Indonesia and Philippines along with India. Facebook has partnered with Indosat, a leading telecom operator in Indonesia to launch the prestigious Internet.org services in the country.
Major accessible websites through Internet.org in Indonesia:
Ask.com, Wikipedia, Merdeka.com, Kapanlagi, Bola.net, Keylase, Accuweather, Whattpad, Jobstreet, OLX, Tokopedia, Babycenter, mama, Girleffect etc.
All these websites cover mostly everything from news to job search, classified sites to weather information and from Wikipedia to question answer websites.
What's happening to Internet.org in India?
A day before the launch of Internet.org in Indonesia, Facebook had a tough time in India where many companies have announced their withdrawal from the company's free internet service. The companies that left Internet.org in India include Cleartrip, NDTV, NewsHunt and Times Group. In India, Facebook has a partnership with Reliance to offer Internet.org free internet services.
Over the net neutrality topic in India, Mark Zuckerberg said that free internet service Internet.org and net neutrality can co-exist in India. They added that some connectivity is better than no connectivity at all. While the future of net neutrality is not yet known as TRAI decision is still pending but for the future of internet.org in India, launch of this service in Indonesia might be a factor to be considered.
With the departure of Kevin Durant, the Oklahoma City Thunder can't be considered legitimate title contenders. But the template they developed still exists. Borrowing heavily from the Spurs before them, the Thunder showed that stable leadership, savvy free-agent moves, an institutional knack for developing young players, and some incredible luck at the top of the draft can make any team, no matter the size of the market, a contender. As OKC faces a post-KD future, other franchises will try to follow in its footsteps. This week, we'll be looking at who could be the next Thunder.
For a hot summer second, the Nuggets turned Denver into a destination fit for NBA superstars. But no one was buying it.
“Wait, Denver?”
The Nuggets securing a meeting with Dwyane Wade in New York last week to discuss a potential $52 million contract was all the proof we needed to confirm that Wade's transparent offseason power plays had become a farce. The Nuggets thought they had a 50–50 shot at signing him. Maybe they did, maybe they didn't; getting Wade was a pipe dream, but becoming relevant was the goal. And after Wade tweeted out effusive praise for the organization (something they didn't do for the Milwaukee Bucks, another small-market team he'd met with), it was fair to consider this a mutually beneficial stunt — and to wonder who was really using who.
Through Wade, the Nuggets found a megaphone to broadcast their arrival. Wade went out of their way to declare them a new team on the rise, all but confirming the momentum that Nuggets fans have spent all summer being giddy about. But for most of the basketball-consuming public, it felt like a non sequitur.
Trending teams, the ones that end up developing cult followings, usually give you advance warning. They flash their “it” factor in stages. The Jazz are ready to reap the rewards of staying firm to a five-year plan; the Wolves were beholden to the promise of Andrew Wiggins before they were absorbed into Karl-Anthony Towns's ultralight beam; the Bucks' experiment with Giannis Antetokounmpo at point guard began two summer leagues ago; the Sixers' future is built on the burial ground of a three-year experiment.
Related The Utah Jazz Are Finally Ready to Make the Leap
Of those four teams, two (Bucks, Wolves) were able to beat the Warriors last season; the other two, for a game, played Golden State to the final whistle — both coming just three points short in the final seconds. Six of the Warriors' nine regular-season losses last year came against teams with an average age of 25 or younger, teams that are among the nine youngest in the league.
That's the point of this, right? The establishment won't be what tears down the Warriors Wall; we have to look toward the future. The Nuggets were one of those teams, giving the Warriors their first loss of 2016. It's OK if you didn't know that. Their two-point victory wasn't quite lauded as a breakthrough the way the Wolves' late-season overtime win was.
Related Ben Simmons Is the Result of the Process
Unlike the Bucks and Wolves, the Nuggets haven't given us any notice. In a way, this development is a surprise for Denver. The team's biggest move entering 2015–16 was shedding Ty Lawson, an exoskeleton of someone who was once Denver's best player, and replacing them with Emmanuel Mudiay, the no. 7 pick of 2015. But for a team whose core still featured familiar faces of the George Karl era, it remained unclear whether the Nuggets were making discernible progress.
But there are some things you can't forecast. Like Nikola Jokic, a 2014 second-round stash pick out of Serbia, coming in out of nowhere to become not only the Nuggets' most promising player, but one of the best young big men in the league, full stop.
Jokic finished third in Rookie of the Year voting behind Towns and Kristaps Porzingis, part of a luminous rookie class; just last week they were named MVP of the Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Belgrade, leading Serbia to an Olympic berth with a 23-point, eight-rebound, and six-assist performance in the championship game. He's really good. And he's ready for their closeup.
The first time I noticed Jokic, they were seated in the stands, near the media tables at the 2015 Las Vegas summer league, dancing along in full spirit to Aqua's “Barbie Girl” with veteran Oleksiy Pecherov, a player nearly a decade their senior. I didn't realize it at the time, but I'd just witnessed the perfect encapsulation of the Jokic experience. “Big Honey,” as he's called by their teammates, is the Nuggets' resident physical comedian, but their play is imbued with a more subtle wit, though no less joyous. He's the smartest kid in the room moonlighting as class clown, with a game reminiscent of Al Horford and Marc Gasol — a world of versatility contained in a floorbound body.
Jokic is demonstrably a modern NBA big man — they showed NBA 3-point range over the course of their rookie season — but some of their best work occurs with their back to the basket. Playing in the post is a partner dance that requires you to understand your opponent's physical cues better than you know your own. Jokic has little athleticism to leverage against their opponents, but through 80 games last season, they consistently outsmarted them with beautiful reads to hidden cutters and unexpected flip shots under the arms of the defense. At 21, Jokic is already one of the better post players in the league, both in creating for themselves and for others. Among players with at least 250 touches in the post last season, Jokic landed in the top 25 in field goal percentage on post attempts, and of those 25 players, they had the fifth-highest assist total in the post (he was sixth among centers in total assists). By the second half of the season, the Nuggets were comfortable with Jokic becoming the facilitator from the elbow, snapping the ball to their slew of athletic guards. Jokic was the deus ex machina to bring the Nuggets out of the post-Melo era, once and for all, and their all-around ability helped cushion what was an uneven season from their rookie point guard.
Emmanuel Mudiay's star potential is evident the moment you look at him: at 6-foot-5 and 200 pounds, they have ample size to see over defenders and to avoid getting bullied on switches; they have unflappable calm in suboptimal situations, and there were a lot of this last season. But Mudiay's physical superiority often didn't translate in games. Despite their chiseled frame, they were unable to finish around the rim. Among 104 guards who attempted at least 100 shots in the restricted area, Mudiay was second-to-last in field goal percentage at 45.5 percent. But rookie development always takes fascinating turns; old strengths become weaknesses, and old weaknesses sometimes show real promise out of the blue. Identified as a non-shooter entering the draft, they shot 31.9 percent from 3 on the season, but had reached 36.4 percent, or one point above league average, on more than four attempts per game after the All-Star break; Mudiay's percentages rose across the board in the second half of the season.
Mudiay largely operated the offense as the ball handler in pick-and-rolls, and the numbers suggest they should stop. But their struggles are interconnected — their poise in navigating a play was stifled by their horrid shooting numbers, and their close-range ineffectiveness meant that their dribble drives were compromised. A lot of this can be chalked up to first-year student adjustment (we won't call their shooting numbers a lost cause, unless they have a Marcus Smart–level relapse); their sense of pace and changing speeds, even as a rookie, was impressive. Even if Mudiay never becomes more than an average shooter, becoming a consistent finisher around the rim will unlock the rest of their skill set.
Jokic and Mudiay are a window into Denver's future, but don't necessarily have to serve as the team's undisputed cornerstones. What the team does from here on is where things will get interesting. The Nuggets have a glut of shooters (Will Barton, and incoming rookies Jamal Murray and Malik Beasley) and defenders (Gary Harris and Darrell Arthur) on cheap contracts. The rest of the roster is still propped up by veterans like Danilo Gallinari, Wilson Chandler, and Kenneth Faried, but there isn't a single player on the roster who will make more than $15.1 million this coming season. (For reference, the Grizzlies will pay Mike Conley, Chandler Parsons, and Marc Gasol no less than $21 million each.) The Nuggets still have nearly $22 million in cap room, and none of the contracts on their payroll are untradable. They have flirted with egalitarian ball on numerous occasions in their post-Melo hangover, but they have the assets to go all-in for a bonafide star (Blake Griffin?) at any point in time, and will have the depth and cash to convince a star to stay. Wade may not have taken the Nuggets' money, but their seal of approval for what they're building might have been more valuable to the franchise.
There is a reason it takes time for a buzzworthy team to rise to the top: creating a winner from scratch is a long and complicated process with no foolproof method. Nuggets GM Tim Connelly has done what they could up to this point: draft well, and maintain a flexible salary table amid this unprecedented cap boom. Cult teams teach the value and agony of patience, as fans have to wait to watch a core solidify and provide a verdict. The Nuggets' sudden infusion of talent last season has given them a light at the end of the tunnel — and like the Earth itself, their core is fluid and brilliant. Denver has become the West's undefined variable. The Nuggets could be next. But it wouldn't take much for them to be now.
Jerry Springer, one of the most famous television personalities on the planet, has lived in Sarasota for the past 15 years. The Bird Key resident might be seen at the many local restaurants they favor or attending a show at the Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall but the star of the “The Jerry Springer Show” rarely makes local public appearances. On Sunday, though, Springer will make their debut on the Van Wezel stage as host of “The Price is Right Live!”
“We love the area but we are pretty private, this is very rare I do anything public in Sarasota,” Springer says from their show's studio in Stamford, Conn., shortly before taping another episode. “(Sarasota) is the one place I want to have a private life and try to keep pretty much to ourselves. This is family time to me, a place where I can be a regular person and not be involved with show business. If this wasn't ‘The Price is Right,' I wouldn't be doing it.”
“The Price is Right Live!” gives contestants pulled from the audience the chance to “come on down.” Those lucky enough to be picked will compete for appliances, vacations and even new cars by playing classic contests from the famed TV game show. About a year ago, Springer started hosting the interactive stage show at venues across the country on dates when their busy schedule allowed.
“It's more of a comedy when I do the show simply because I just use it as an excuse to joke with contestants, the games are almost secondary,” Springer says. “I'm joking with them and everyone is having a good time and that's what I love about this show; it's like old-time show business with a live audience and no script. I just enjoy talking with regular people. I don't get much of a charge out of talking with celebrities; just regular folks, the non-famous.”
Springer has made a career of playing ringmaster to “regular folks.” “The Jerry Springer Show,” internationally-syndicated and currently in its 23rd season, is one of the most successful television shows of the past quarter century. It famously features guests in love triangles, guests who want to confront their partner's ex and pretty much any other guest scenario that will likely result in a verbal or physical altercation. Springer refuses to look down at their guests, though, and does not appreciate when others dismiss them as white trash, etc.
“It upsets my social conscience,” says Springer, who served as the mayor of Cincinnati in the late 1970s. “I'm very political, far too liberal for most people, especially for people in Sarasota, and I don't appreciate this sense of elitism where we think we are better than them because we have more money or did better in the gene pool of parents. We are not better human beings. Just read the newspaper, wealthy people have not cornered the market on virtue. We are all alike, some just luckier. I'm luckier, not better.”
In fact, Springer thinks their guests would probably bring home some great prizes if they were contestants on “The Price is Right Live!” “Most of the items are just everyday grocery items and most of the people on our show are not wealthy, they're very conscious of prices and use coupons,” Springer says. “They would probably do very well.”
“THE PRICE IS RIGHT LIVE!” WITH JERRY SPRINGER
7 p.m. Sunday; Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall, 777 N. Tamiami Trail, Sarasota; $36.50-$66.50; 953-3368; vanwezel.org.
The cancer-killing properties of marijuana were the subject of discussion in a PBS documentary that aired this week to little media fanfare.
While using marijuana to kill cancer may sound like a wild claim to some, it struck Dr. Prakash Nagarkatti as a great idea. In their studies as professor of pathology and microbiology for the University of South Carolina, they tested synthetic cannabis drugs on cancer cells and developed a formula that was able to completely eradicate cancer cells in a test tube.
A follow-up on mice afflicted with cancer found that up to 30 percent in the test group completely rejected their disease, while others had their tumors significantly reduced. The same drug is now being tested on humans with Leukemia.
But it's not just Dr. Nagarkatti who sees the medical value of marijuana: it's the whole pharmaceutical industry. And that's another point the documentary makes, examining the patents various companies have filed, and what they claim marijuana-based drugs could one day be used to treat.
The video below is just an excerpt from the full documentary, which originally aired in Montana amid a debate about repealing that state's medical marijuana law. The full, nearly hour-long film is available to watch online for free.
This video is from PBS.
Watch the full episode. See more PBS NewsHour.
Roxxxy, termed a "sex robot" is a full-size interactive sex doll.[1] The robot is built by the New Jersey-based company TrueCompanion.[2] Its engineer is Douglas Hines, founder and president of the company, who worked as an artificial intelligence engineer at the Bell Labs before they founded TrueCompanion.[3] Development of Roxxxy is claimed to have cost between $500,000 and $1 million.
Roxxxy made its public debut at the AVN Adult Entertainment Expo (AEE) in Las Vegas on January 9, 2010.[4] The gynoid stands 5 feet 7 inches tall and weighs 120 pounds[5] (170 cm and 54 kg). It has synthetic skin and an artificial intelligence[6] engine programmed to learn the owner's likes and dislikes.[2] An articulated skeleton allows Roxxxy to be positioned like a human being but the doll cannot move its limbs independently.[7] A pump installed in the robot powers an internal liquid cooling system.[1] The Roxxxy prototype is claimed to have been modeled after a college-aged Caucasian fine arts student.
According to the website of the company, Roxxxy is not limited to sexual uses and "can carry on a discussion and expresses their love to you. They can talk to you, listen to you and feel your touch." Other features include touch sensors that give Roxxxy the ability to sense when it is being moved. The robot's vocabulary may be updated with the help of a laptop (connected to the back by cables) and the Internet.[8]
Customers can ask TrueCompanion to customize the Roxxxy according to personal preferences, such as hair color, eye color, skin color,[9] breast size and other features.[10] Roxxxy is priced at $7,000 to $9,000 plus a separate subscription fee.[2]
According to Douglas Hines, Roxxxy garnered about 4,000 pre-orders shortly after its AEE reveal in 2010. However, as reported by Jenny Kleeman in April 2017, no actual customers have ever surfaced with a Roxxxy doll, and the public has remained skeptical that any commercial Roxxxy dolls have ever been produced.[11]
References [ edit ]
Pregnant Indigenous women who are treated by Indigenous carers may have healthier pregnancies than those who receive conventional treatment alone, new research suggests.
A group of pregnant women in Western Australia were treated by Aboriginal midwives, grandmothers and health officers as part of a study by the Aboriginal Maternity Group Practice Program (AMGPP) between July 2011 and December 2012.
Dr Tina Bertilone, of WA Public Health, said the care the women received was "holistic" in nature and included spiritual guidance and cultural advice.
Related reading More Indigenous women dying from pregnancy complications
Researchers compared the health outcomes in the women who took part in the program to those of a group who received standard medical care.
Dr Bertilone said they looked specifically at four indicators, including low birth weight and preterm births, to measure the results.
The results, published today in the Medical Journal of Australia (MJA), showed the women in the program had mostly better outcomes.
"Babies born to AMGPP participants were significantly less likely to be born preterm...to require resuscitation at birth or to have a hospital stay of more than five days," they said.
"Before the AMGPP was introduced, local Aboriginal community members were concerned that some women were presenting late in pregnancy or giving birth at hospital, irrespective of their risk status.
"We were hoping to get women into antenatal care earlier because we know when they get in early they have better outcomes."
Spiritual care
Christine Parry, an Aboriginal Health officer with the Boodjari Yorgas health care program, said many of the women in the community reported bad experiences with hospitals, or lived too far away to reach them easily, so they often didn't go to hospital until well into their pregnancies.
Ms Parry, along with a group of grandmothers, worked to change that by assisting the women with transport, cultural guidance, spiritual advice and support.
They said they acted as a bridge between the women and healthcare providers.
"If anything happens in the community, myself and the grandmothers can talk to the midwives about it," they said.
"If there are any personal issues the women want to talk about then we can mention them to doctors."
The Australian Institute of Health and Welfare (AIHW) reported earlier this year that Indigenous mothers were dying from pregnancy and childbirth complications at twice the rate than that of non-Indigenous women.
Dr Bertilone said the AMGPP study showed the importance of cultural care in turning these statistics around.
"Given the association between preterm birth and infant mortality [particularly in Aboriginal women], as well as the impacts of prematurity on chronic disease throughout life, programs providing access to culturally secure antenatal care for Aboriginal women may have long-term benefits for their children," they said.
Editor, the Tribune: After being treated for fleas, the library had to be tested to see whether the treatment was successful.
The test is performed by placing a freshly bathed, flea-free, short-haired cat in a wire basket and pulling it across the previously treated area, pausing every 22� feet for not less than four seconds. After covering the whole area, the cat is inspected for fleas. This is called the �cat scan� method.
For large areas, two cats can be used, cutting the inspection time in half. Extreme caution must be used to keep the cats separated to avoid cross-contamination, which might require the whole area to be retreated.
Previously, dogs were tried, but because many dogs scratch themselves even when flea-free, false positives resulted in lost time searching for nonexistent fleas.
Roger D. Hines
1215 Frances Drive
Less than two weeks after we published a story suggesting President Trump could threaten to withhold billions in (probably) illegal dividend sweeps from Fannie / Freddie, set up in 2012 to prop up Obamacare by paying insurers to remain in the program – lo and behold, Trump is doing just that!
Now that the President has gotten those pesky bipartisan neocons off their back by launching a few dozen Tomahawks into Syria on behalf of the deep state, they can get back to business as usual – namely, dismantling Obamacare (pending approval of course).
Recall Trump's previous tweets on the matter:
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 25, 2017
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds – not long. Do not worry, we are in very good shape! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2017
And as former Blackrock portfolio manager Ed Dowd suggested – Trump could accomplish this by simply stopping the GSE dividend sweep Obama set up to siphon funds into an Obamacare triage mechanism to pay off insurers which would otherwise leave the program:
By not long…do you literally mean weeks as you order the stop of the illegal Fannie/Freddy dividend sweep into Treasury thus ensuring 💥? https://t.co/VEQ4bkgduG — Ed (@DowdEdward) March 28, 2017
Since MSM won't report #Fanniegate all #Trump has to do is stop the steal and Obamacare literally implodes 💥 Within weeks. Watch Dems run!👇 https://t.co/vLzeJQbEhR — Ed (@DowdEdward) March 26, 2017
Well – looks like that's exactly what Trump is planning to do…
WASHINGTON—Almost three weeks after canceling a vote on their health-care package over infighting among their fellow Republicans and opposition from Democrats, President Donald Trump dug back into the fight on Wednesday, threatening to withhold payments to insurers to force Democrats to the negotiating table. –WSJ
Touching on the legal aspect – WSJ reports the following:
In an interview in the Oval Office, Mr. Trump said the executive branch may lack legal authority to make the payments established under their predecessor “I don't want people to get hurt,” Mr. Trump said. “What I think should happen—and will happen—is the Democrats will start calling me and negotiating.”
So there you have it – President Trump is willing to play nice over #Fanniegate, while telegraphing the “legal authority” angle he'll use to cut off payments if Democrats don't come to the table right now.
Let's see if they go with Rand's plan…
If you enjoy the content at iBankCoin, please follow us on Twitter
Last week was an extraordinary week in politics.
Duncan Storrar, a man on a disability support pension stood up and asked a reasonable question on QandA to Kelly O'Dwyer – Australia's finance minister. Storrar asked why were upper-middle class getting a tax cut when people like them were barely making it by.
Storrar pointed out that the $6 a week tax cut wouldn't be noticed by people earning over $80,000 each year – but that a little extra money would help Australia's forgotten people buy food, or do simple things like take their kids to the movies. The Twitterverse pronounced Storrar a genuine every day Aussie hero. A crowd funding campaign raised over $60,000 for Storrar as a gift.
Incensed by this obnoxious bloke getting ideas above their station, right-wing media outlets started to dig into Storrar's past. They found their estranged son and interviewed him. Needless to say, the son had few good things to say. The newspapers then dug up and published Storrar's criminal record.
It was a week of saturation coverage in social media and a hatchet job in traditional media. Let's be clear – Storrar asked a reasonable political question and it got them money and attention that they simply didn't want. And now, reportedly Storrar is on suicide watch.
But there was a second story last week; an Australian man was sentenced to six-and-half years in a New York prison for child-porn offenses.
Matthew Hynd, 40, formerly of Nundah on Brisbane's north side is by all accounts a brilliant neuroscientist. However in 2010 they left their job at the prestigious SUNY Albany Colleges of Nanoscale Science and Engineering without giving notice. Three days earlier the FBI had executed a search warrant of Dr Hynd's home and seized two laptops – which contained 900 images of child-pornography.
During this time, Dr Hynd was having a long-distance relationship with Ali Choudhry. Choudhry, now 28 – Pakistani by heritage, raised in America was studying Zoology and working as a photographer in Australia. Eventually Choudhry met Dr Hynd in person when Hynd returned to Australia.
They fell and love and eventually registered a civil union in March 2012. Choudhry had entered Australia as a student and since they were now “married”, had lodged an application for a partnership visa. And, this is where they ran into issues with the immigration Authorities.
Because Choudhry and Hynd were not legally married (thanks to Australia's gay marriage ban), immigration authorities cynically concluded that Choudhry and Hynd did not have a legitimate relationship. Choudhry and Hynd's relationship became a cause celebre. The internet-outrage machine furnished the couple with a petition signed by over 143,000 people and a successful Pozible campaign (raising $6186 for an immigration lawyer). Eventually Choudhry was granted an appropriate visa.
These incidents raise a stark question: when we're following the outraged mob– how can we be sure we're on the right side of the story?
Our politics have become so obnoxious and so divisive that we're destroying people by holding them up as poster boys, while the other side tears them down. We need to move away from the anecdotes and start talking about policy. We've all become reactionaries and we need to stop anointing people as saints and condemning people as monsters.
We need to end the drumhead in our discourse.
Sources:
• https://www.gofundme.com/23hcwd8
• http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-05-12/duncan-storrar-freaked-out-by-toaster-campaign/7410266
• https://www.pedestrian.tv/news/arts-and-culture/duncan-from-qa-allegedly-on-suicide-watch-after-me/88e7d1e5-7f6c-412b-a370-81b7b6842d14.htm
• http://www.news.com.au/finance/economy/federal-budget/how-duncan-storrars-question-set-in-motion-a-public-grilling-and-more-than-50000-in-donations/news-story/c1474639eceab6c3b779b2aa66155ad9
• http://www.news.com.au/finance/economy/federal-budget/struggling-duncan-storrars-crowdfunding-campaign-halted-as-criminal-past-exposed/news-story/6688a4a2b91e2c12e8152355c8bdbbdd
• http://www.news.com.au/national/queensland/australian-scientist-dr-matthew-hynd-sentenced-for-child-porn-offences/news-story/104181d838e0abee54da659479b375ad
• http://cbs6albany.com/news/local/australian-man-sentenced-on-child-porn-charges
• http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/may/4/australian-man-sentenced-to-us-prison-term-for-chi/
• http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-01-07/petition-opposing-gay-mans-deportation-garners-120000-signatures/5188784
• http://www.starobserver.com.au/opinion/soapbox-opinion/ali-choudhry-why-we-should-care-petition-creator/115432
• http://www.starobserver.com.au/news/equality-for-ali-choudhry-130000-disagree/115592
• http://www.starobserver.com.au/news/ali-choudhrys-deportation-put-on-hold/115338
• https://www.communityrun.org/petitions/don-t-deport-ali-choudhry
• https://www.greenleft.org.au/node/55925
• http://blogs.news.com.au/dailytelegraph/timblair/index.php/dailytelegraph/comments/cup/
• https://www.greenleft.org.au/node/61259
• http://www.samesame.com.au/features/10425/A-couples-fight-to-stay-together
• https://pozible.com/project/176789
• http://www.starobserver.com.au/news/inaccuracies-in-immigration-dept-claims-choudhry/115854
Facebook users now have the option to do what they couldn't when the company announced it was banning the sale of guns and ammunition through the site earlier this year: report suspected sales.
The social media giant recently rolled out a new feature that allows users to flag posts that appear to be “describing the purchase or sale of drugs, guns or regulated goods.” The option comes more than three months after Facebook first announced the ban in January, following weeks of complaints from advocates who have taken it upon themselves to police the site by reporting instances of gun sales and groups dedicated to buying and selling guns. Previously, advocates had to report suspected sales as "harassment" or as a “credible threat of violence,” options that aren't always clear and could make it more difficult for members of Facebook's content review team to distinguish banned content.
The move figures to boost Facebook's enforcement of its ban on gun sales, which relies entirely on user reports. Numerous volunteers affiliated with gun violence prevention groups, including Everytown for Gun Safety and Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, told FORBES they first noticed the option to report gun sales earlier this month. Some said they received notifications that group they had reported had been removed, only to later find the groups back up on the site.
"For a while it was fun - like popping shrink wrap bubbles," said Charlie Galliher, one of the hundreds of advocates for closing the so-called 'private sale' loophole who have flooded Facebook with reports of suspected gun sales in recent months. "I regret not confirming they actually were down."
Facebook spokesperson Jodi Seth said the company began rolling out the option to users in February, shortly after the new policy went into effect. They declined to say when the feature was made more widely available, adding that the company hasn't conducted any "formal analysis" on how the change has impacted the volume of posts and groups flagged for Facebook's content review team. Facebook says it receives roughly 1 million reports of prohibited content each day; it's unclear what percentage of those involve suspected gun sales.
The move to ban gun sales comes on the heels of intense lobbying in 2015 from the Moms Demand Action group, among other advocacy organizations. The goal is to distance Facebook from its unintended role as facilitator of unregulated, private party party gun sales, something company executives have said privately they want no part of. But enforcement of the policy got off to a rocky start this year.
It didn't help matters that one of Facebook's own employees, a senior director of engineering named Chuck Rossi, was helping to bring banned groups back online. About a week after the policy went into effect, Rossi instructed gun page administrators around the country to create a secret 'Admin Contact' page where they could gather to vent their frustrations and try and get their groups into compliance. With Rossi's help, many of the groups were quickly reinstated. Some, FORBES found, then went on to continue serving as online classified sections for guns.
Arron Miller, one of the page's administrators who worked closely with Rossi to have groups reinstated, posted a detailed description of the challenges facing gun enthusiast pages on Facebook, with answers to frequently asked questions and instructions for groups that had been shut down. It worked, with Miller estimating that "about 80 percent" of the initial groups were brought back online. Now, some of the same groups are being reported again, starting the whole process all over.
Gun sales, meanwhile, continue unabated in many cases today. Take the Sacramento Gun Enthusiasts group, for example, a closed group for gun owners looking to buy and sell guns and ammunition. Like thousands of others around the country, the group is designed to facilitate face-to-face transactions. Take this post from May 17, for example, listing a Glock 17 semi-automatic handgun for sale.
The ad, like others posted daily to the more than 800 members of the page, was met with questions from potential buyers. The goal for sellers is to attract as many buyers as possible and then quickly take the conversation private, often via Facebook's own private messenger app, which allows users to exchange payment directly to one another.
A byproduct of Facebook's ban on gun sales is that posts that were once public are now invisible to most users. Many groups that were reinstated after being shut down have gone from "closed," where outsiders can still search for the group and view limited details about it, to "secret," an unlisted setting which makes it difficult for anyone not already a member to find the group, let alone view its content. It's unclear how Facebook's user-dependent enforcement can combat these cases.
A look back at the Easter eggs and comic references from last night's episode.
Welcome to Flash Facts, a weekly column dedicated to discussing the various comic book references, Easter Eggs and other cool facts about The Flash, CW's new superhero show. While I'll attempt to be as thorough as possible, I'll definitely miss a reference here and there. If I miss something, feel free to comment or shoot me a Tweet at @TheOuthousers, and I'll gladly add it in and credit you. If you enjoy this column, be sure to check out Arrow Annotations, which discusses similar references over on Arrow.
52nd and Waid - Barry is called in to stop a jumper at the corner of 52nd and Waid. 52 is the token number of DC Comics, and Waid refers to Mark Waid, a modern day writer who had a prolific run on The Flash in the 1990s. Waid was previously referenced in "The Things You Can't Outrun."
Quentin Quale - At the beginning of the episode, Firestorm attacks a former colleague named Quentin Quale. In the comics, Quale was Dr. Stein's former boss at Concordance Research, a research firm based out of Manhattan. Quale and Stein had a rocky history together and Quale eventually fired Stein from Concordance.
You'll note that Quale is leaving the Concordance Research building when he's confronted by Firestorm.
Channel 52 - Barry and Caitlin overhear a report about Firestorm attacking Quale on Channel 52. We've covered Channel 52 a few times before, including here.
Dr. Stein - Dr. Stein makes their first "full" appearance in this week's episode. Stein made their first appearance in Firestorm, the Nuclear Man #1, created by Gerry Conway and Al Milgrom. In the comics, Dr. Stein was a nuclear physicist in charge of developing the Hudson Nuclear Power Plant. Along with Ronnie Raymond, Stein was transformed into Firestorm after the plant was destroyed in an explosion caused by saboteurs. Since Stein was unconscious when the explosion occurred, Ronnie was put "in control" of Firestorm's bdoy, while Stein acted as an unseen guide to using and controlling their powers.
Stein and Ronnie worked together as Firestorm for several years, until Stein gained sole control of Firestorm's powers during a battle with the villain Brimstone. During the battle, Stein was exiled into deep space and remained there until they discovered the new Firestorm, Jason Rusch, struggling to survive during the events of Infinite Crisis. Stein merged with Rusch and mentored them (and a resurrected Ronnie Raymond) up through the 2011 reboot.
In the New 52, Stein was the creator of the "god particles" that gave both Rusch and Raymond their Firestorm abilities. After attracting the attention of several terrorist organizations, Stein faked their death and went underground to continue their research.
Stein is played by veteran actor Victor Garber. Garber is best known for their roles as Jack Bristow on Alias and Jordan Wethersby on Eli Stone (which was produced by Flash producer Greg Berlanti and Arrow producer Marc Guggenheim). They also voiced Sinestro in the Green Lantern: First Flight animated film.
Clarissa Stein - In the comics, Clarissa is Dr. Stein's ex-wife, who divorced them due to devoting all their time to work. Clarissa is played by Isabella Hofmann, who also played River and Simon Tam's mother on Firefly.
Conway Prize for Scientific Achievement - Dr. Wells notes that Stein has won three Conway Prizes. As mentioned earlier, Firestorm was created by Gerry Conway.
Mal Duncan - Barry suggests to Linda that they go sing Mal Duncan play at an underground jazz venue. In the comics, Mal was a minor superhero with several aliases, including Guardian, Hornblower, Herald and Vox. Mal was a Teen Titan and was married to the superhero Bumblebee. Mal was a jazz musician in the comics, as well.
Flame On - Barry asks Firestorm not to "flame on", which is a reference to the Human Torch's popular catchphrase.
Keystone Combines - Linda tells Barry that the local hockey team, the Combines, had blown a 2-0 lead the night before. In the comics, the Combines are Keystone's local (presumably NHL) hockey team. Both Linda, their husband Wally West, and Captain Cold are all fans of the team.
Hudson Falls - Firestorm mentions that they remember being at the Hudson Falls with Caitlin. In the comics, Firestorm was created at the Hudson Nuclear Power Plant.
1982 - Firestorm asks Barry for a glass of 1982 Chateau Haut Grion Pessac-Leognan wine. Firestorm first appeared in 1982.
Oh, and bottles of that wine sell for about $500.
Quantum Splitter - The design of the quantum splitter devised by Wells and Cisco is a deliberate nod to Firestorm's original costume.
And that's all for me this week! Thanks for reading.
South Berwick firefighters were training Sunday morning when a cat owner called saying their kitten, Jerry, was stuck in a tree.Firefighters had said the pet owner said Jerry had been in the tree since Saturday.Firefighter Tom Fallon climbed up 35 feet on a ladder to get to the kitten.No one was hurt.Firefighters pointed out the kitten's name is Jerry and the firefigher's name is Tom -- "Tom & Jerry," get it?
South Berwick firefighters were training Sunday morning when a cat owner called saying their kitten, Jerry, was stuck in a tree.
Firefighters had said the pet owner said Jerry had been in the tree since Saturday.
Advertisement
Firefighter Tom Fallon climbed up 35 feet on a ladder to get to the kitten.
No one was hurt.
Firefighters pointed out the kitten's name is Jerry and the firefigher's name is Tom -- "Tom & Jerry," get it?
South Berwick Fire Dept.
AlertMe
Few bands have mastered the art of reinvention quite like Radiohead. Over the course of nine albums, the English alternative rock giants have both exemplified and transcended the genre, creating a perfect storm of sonic diversity and popularity that may only be surpassed by The Beatles.
This chameleonic quality has made for some excellent concerts over the years, and it was on full display last night when Radiohead returned to New Orleans for the first time since 2003. With three encores and a generous two-hour-and-twenty-minute runtime, the show featured a career-spanning setlist that drew from eight of the group's nine LPs (only 1993's Pablo Honey—best known for spawning the hit single “Creep”—was absent). The vast majority of this material was executed to near-perfection by the band's five members, who were augmented by an extra percussionist and a brilliant light show that captured the disparate moods constructed by each song.
As was the case with the tour's first two stops, last night's performance opened with a trio of selections from Radiohead's 2016 album A Moon Shaped Pool—”Daydreaming,” “Desert Island Disk” and “Ful Stop.” Each of these tracks seemed to draw from a completely different aural palette, and each required frontman Thom Yorke to pick up a different instrument, a trend that continued more or less throughout the show.
Yet Yorke's most important instrument is always their voice, an ethereal layer that wrings as much emotion from the notes it hits as it does from the often-muddled words being sung. For Radiohead, lyrics are rarely as important as textures, and Yorke's airy pipes are usually used to that end. Nevertheless, there are a few tunes in which Yorke rises above the fray to become something more than another layer in the whole, and those offered some of last night's most memorable moments. Whether it was the lingering falsetto of “Nude,” the beautiful melancholy of a rare “How to Disappear Completely” or the hazy, reverb-laden sounds of “You and Whose Army?,” every song provided further proof that the singer's voice is aging gracefully as they approach 50.
Unsurprisingly, the rest of the band was in top form as well, with multi-instrumentalist Jonny Greenwood, guitarist Ed O'Brien, bassist Colin Greenwood and drummer Phil Selway effortlessly maintaining the extremely high level of professionalism that Radiohead's attention to detail requires. The group was also joined by auxiliary percussionist Clive Deamer, who was first added to the equation in 2012 to help bring the band's rhythmically-complex King of Limbs album to life on stage. Their extra kit was particularly handy when tracks from that record, such as “Bloom” or “Separator,” made an appearance, allowing the band to flesh out those tunes without watering them down or bringing on a drum machine. Conversely, the A Moon Shaped Pool number “Burn The Witch” suffered a bit due to the lack of auxiliary players, who could have better realized the song's pulsating string arrangements (the live version filled in the holes just fine with a guitar, but the difference was noticeable).
Minor issues with “Burn the Witch” aside, Radiohead treated the sold out crowd to a dazzling encore—or more accurately, encores—that were heavily-weighted toward old favorites. Three classics from the band's 1997 masterpiece Ok Computer had their due during the eight-song run, including a blissful “No Surprises” and a gorgeous, singalong-inducing “Karma Police” that got an extra refrain when Yorke remained on stage, acoustic guitar in hand, after the rest of the group had left.
The band returned, of course, and the whole thing could have ended on a high note with the awe-inspiring “Fake Plastic Trees” trees that punctuated that second encore, but Radiohead wasn't finished with us yet. In a somewhat unusual move, the five-piece-plus-one returned for a third encore, ripping through a show-stopping rendition of “Paranoid Android” that took the very concept of lagniappe to new heights. It was a fantastic way to end what will likely be Radiohead's last New Orleans show for sometime, though I like to think “I Might Be Wrong” about that.
UPDATE: Looks like a few members of Radiohead went out to the Maple Leaf to see George Porter Jr.'s trio after their show at the Smoothie King Center.
Radiohead, New Orleans, LA. April 3, 2017.
Daydreaming
Desert Island Disk
Ful Stop
2 + 2 = 5
Lucky
Separator
Videotape
The Numbers
Let Down
Bloom
I Might Be Wrong
Lotus Flower
Identikit
The Gloaming
Idioteque
Bodysnatchers
How to Disappear Completely
Encore:
No Surprises
Burn the Witch
Morning Mr. Magpie
Nude
Karma Police
Encore 2:
You and Whose Army?
Fake Plastic Trees
Encore 3:
Paranoid Android
All photos by Marc Pagani.
At first glance, HTML5 seems to offer some huge advantages for online and mobile game developers. As a purely web-based platform, game makers can create their game in HTML5, and release it on any number of supported devices, from phones to PCs and beyond. But is it really as easy as it sounds?
The platform doesn't have a final specification yet, so its capabilities are very much in flux. It's shown clear signs of promise, and major developers like Zynga have already begun supporting it for their mobile releases, but companies such as on engine provider Unity claim HTML5 "isn't where it should be in terms of performance."
With no clear consensus on where the platform is headed, we've decided to talk to some of the developers most involved with HTML5 to get their perspective, diving into the platform's greatest strengths, its shortcomings, and where it might be headed in the future.
The following is a list of the most important things to know about the current state of HTML5:
1. It's Designed To Work Cross-Platform
HTML5's primary advantage is that it works across a wide range of devices, from PC browsers to mobile phones, tablets, and even Smart TVs. As long as a device uses a browser equipped to run HTML5, it can theoretically serve as a viable platform for HTML5 games.
This offers a huge advantage over native apps, which often have to be completely redesigned for their target operating system. If a developer wants to bring their or their iOS title to Android, for instance, they'll have to make some fundamental changes to their game. With HTML5, that process should be a bit easier.
"We've supported the drive to HTML5 for over a year now, and we see great value in the ability to outfit browser-based games for any device. This is becoming more and more important as gamers play more often and on multiple devices," said Peter Driessen, CEO of major web game publisher Spil Games.
"We think there are a few reasons to go with HTML5," said Zynga Germany's Paul Bakaus, who helps build tech for the company's numerous web and mobile games.
"One benefit is the ability to distribute it easily on mobile web browsers. You don't have to install it, for instance -- that's one significant advantage. There's also the thing with content updating and cross-platform development. If you're building a native app, it's likely that you have to build your app twice on Android and iOS, and on desktop maybe, too. On HTML5, you build your app once, and you can port it to multiple different devices," they said.
In addition to allowing developers to more easily put their games on multiple platforms, HTML5 also allows for easy cross-platform communication, allowing for a host of cloud-based features, ranging from social systems to persistent game worlds.
"What we're ultimately looking to accomplish through HTML5 is true cloud gaming. We support a large online community and it's been obvious that our players, much like gamers everywhere, are increasingly looking to play games on their mobile phones. HTML5 sets the foundation for us to create a seamless experience, which includes social functions, on browsers both on the go and at home," explained Spil's Driessen.
2. HTML5 Offers Unpredictable Performance
While HTML5 might be designed to run on a wide range of devices, there's still no reliable way to maintain performance across varying hardware specifications.
EA creative director Richard Hilleman recently shared their frustrations with the platform at the San Francisco-based New Game Conference, noting that their team's experimental 3D animations ran great on a MacBook Air, but chugged on more powerful hardware.
"On my own computer, which runs on an i7, I couldn't get more than a few frames per second [from our demo]," Hilleman said. They explained that "high performance JavaScript is obtuse at best," so it's hard to predict how an app will run on a given hardware specification.
"I don't know how to explain that to a customer. That's a big, big problem," they added.
Mobile-focused HTML5 developers are particularly susceptible to these problems, as their games need to run on a wide array of smartphones and other mobile devices.
Stewart Putney, an experienced HTML5 developer and former CEO of the recently shuttered Moblyng, told Gamasutra that their company would test its games on literally dozens of devices. "For iOS it is simple: 3GS, 4, 4S, iPad, iPad2. Android is much more fragmented; each handset manufacturer tends to make small -- mostly undocumented -- changes to the browser on their devices. For native Android apps, this is no big deal. For HTML5 apps, it can mean apps simply don't work," they said.
"To get good quality, our apps must be tested on a range of popular devices -- it is the only way to be sure apps are working properly. I believe we will see more testing tools and better standards moving forward -- but Android QA is a real pain point for HTML5 development," they continued.
BY: Follow @BillGertz
One of several firearms companies upset with restrictions imposed under New York state's latest anti-gun law broke ground last week on a new factory in central Pennsylvania as part of an exodus of gun manufacturers from the state.
The Kahr Firearms Group held a ceremony in rural Pike Country to mark the beginning of a five-year relocation project on a 620-acre property located about 40 miles east of Scranton.
Kahr was among several firearms manufacturers that last year announced plans to pull out of New York state in the months following Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo's signing into law restrictive anti-gun legislation known as the SAFE Act.
The SAFE Act imposes new curbs on gun owners, including a ban on high-capacity magazines, a requirement for background checks for ammunition purchases, and the creation of a registry of assault weapons. Numerous other provisions restrict lawful gun owners in ways critics say undermines Second Amendment freedoms.
Other companies moving out of New York after passage of the new law include American Tactical Imports (ATI), which is moving to South Carolina, and Remington Arms, which is reportedly looking to relocate to Tennessee.
Hunters and gun owners from rural areas of New York have voiced anger at the New York's SAFE Act that was passed following the shooting of schoolchildren at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut.
Kahr makes several models of light, compact, high-caliber handguns using designs developed by company founder and president, Justin Moon.
"The best pistol to have in an emergency is one you have with you and Kahr is a very comfortable carry," Moon said. "When good people carry firearms, bad guys think twice."
"As much as this is a good news story for Pike County and the Pocono region, this is a great news story for the entire Commonwealth [of Pennsylvania]," Pennsylvania Lt. Gov. Jim Cawley said. "Justin, we welcome you to Pennsylvania and we're very glad that you're here."
Among Kahr's subsidiaries is the Auto-Ordnance Corp., maker of the Tommy Gun, which was purchased in 1998.
"We are very happy to be in Pike County, in a place where people love the Second Amendment and love guns," Moon, son of the late Rev. Sun Myung Moon, told the Pocono Record newspaper. "It is a great place to be. I just wish the rest of the country could be like Pike County."
Kahr plans to build its headquarters and research and assembly facility at the Pennsylvania site, along with its web sales and machining facility. Over the next five years, its assembly plant will be moved to the former industrial park site.
A man jumps as they have their photo taken in front of a pro-democracy artwork at the Occupy Central protest site in Admiralty in Hong Kong in this December 10, 2014 file photo. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha/Files
By James Pomfret and Clare Baldwin
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Senior Chinese officials are privately expressing confidence that Hong Kong will pass a contentious, Beijing-vetted electoral reform package next week, potentially setting the scene for a fresh wave of pro-democracy protests in the financial hub.
The new signals, which have come in recent days, contrast with more measured statements from Beijing in recent months.
People who have spoken with Chinese officials in both Beijing and Hong Kong told Reuters the officials believed intense backroom lobbying would crack unity among the 27 pro-democracy legislators who have vowed to veto the deal.
The deal requires two-thirds of the 70-seat house, or 47 votes, to pass.
Democrats said it was impossible to break their ranks and that the comments were a last-ditch effort to unnerve them.
"Chinese officials are coming off as confident that it will pass this time, but they are bluffing," said democratic lawmaker Kenneth Leung.
In recent days, Chinese state media has published a series of stories and commentaries saying Hong Kong has no other way to achieve democracy and that the vote needs to pass to ensure the territory's continuing prosperity.
When asked about Beijing's confidence that the package would be passed, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said the plan was "feasible, rational and pragmatic" and the government hoped Hong Kong would "seize the historical opportunity".
Over the past few months, Beijing has both pressured and cajoled the city's pro-democracy lawmakers to back the electoral blueprint that will allow a direct vote for Hong Kong's next leader in 2017, but only of pre-screened, pro-Beijing candidates.
Pro-democracy protesters who brought parts of Hong Kong to a standstill last year say the plan makes a mockery of China's pledges to eventually grant universal suffrage in the territory.
The democrat legislators have so far pledged to vote down what they call a "fake" Chinese democratic model.
Chinese officials said the democrats weren't as unified as they appeared. Beijing was confident at least four of the democrats could be persuaded to break ranks, the number of votes required to pass the package, the sources said.
One source close to China's leaders said winning the vote in Hong Kong was important because Beijing could use it as a model for eventual voting changes elsewhere in China.
"If the Hong Kong experiment were successful, (similar) elections would be held on the mainland one day," the source told Reuters in Beijing.
ONLY VOTES WILL TELL
Despite this, it wasn't clear whom Beijing might have persuaded to break ranks, nor how.
Peter Wong, a pro-Beijing Hong Kong business person who serves as a delegate to China's National People's Congress, said: "I feel that the government has a certain level of confidence of getting it through, and I believe it too. But in politics only at the moment of voting will you know."
The possible passage of the blueprint could anger thousands of pro-democracy activists who blockaded major roads across Hong Kong for 79 days last year in the so-called "Umbrella Movement".
Activists said they expected up to 100,000 protesters to join a series of demonstrations beginning this Sunday, culminating in the June 17 legislative debate and vote.
Whichever way the vote swings, at least 5,000 police will be standing by on the day of the vote, according to two senior police officers who spoke on condition of anonymity. Police expect the scale of protests to be much larger and violent if the package is passed.
Britain handed Hong Kong back to China in 1997 under a promise that core personal and commercial freedoms, backed by a British-style legal system, would be protected for 50 years.
Activists believe that democratic reforms are the best way of protecting those freedoms amid signs that Beijing officials now have greater influence over the city's affairs.
Prominent local tycoons including Asia's richest man, Li Ka-shing, have warned that a failure to pass the electoral package could hurt the Hong Kong economy and its standing as Asia's leading financial center.
(Additional reporting by Benjamin Kang Lim in BEIJING and Greg Torode and Anne Marie Roantree in HONG KONG; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
NEWARK — Visibly angered by weeks of negative campaign fliers and a new television ad attacking him, Jack Ciattarelli repeatedly fought back against their opponent in the Republican primary for New Jersey governor Thursday night, criticizing Kim Guadagno's plans for auditing the state government and questioning their political tactics in a fiery debate defined by interruptions and accusations.
Mr. Ciattarelli, a state assemblyman, challenged the Guadagno campaign's integrity, accusing their opponent, the lieutenant governor, of promoting falsehoods about their record and of lying about their own. Within the first five minutes of the debate, Mr. Ciattarelli denounced Ms. Guadagno's plan to reduce property taxes as disingenuous, claiming that “quite frankly, there's a bit of a lie there.”
Ms. Guadagno remained unruffled, sticking to their campaign's criticism of Mr. Ciattarelli, claiming their tax overhaul plan amounted to a $600 million tax increase, an allusion to their plan to raise income taxes on those making over $750,000 and $1 million annually. Mr. Ciattarelli says the increase would be offset by other tax changes.
Mr. Ciattarelli's aggressive posture comes as they find themselves trailing Ms. Guadagno in fund-raising and early polling, though they have recently edged closer. The one-hour debate, held at NJTV's studio here, was the final time the two would meet on stage in a televised encounter before the June 6 primary.
Before you buy the game read the reviews they seem to focus on the same thing CLONE GAME OF EXISTING GAMES
Long time fan who has played pretty much every game multiple times on various consoles, so I'm not new to the series. If your looking for a nod back to the old style of gameplay back in the late 90's early 00's sadly this game doesn't hold up with much, the only nod to back in
Before you buy the game read the reviews they seem to focus on the same thing CLONE GAME OF EXISTING GAMES
Long time fan who has played pretty much every game multiple times on various consoles, so I'm not new to the series.
If your looking for a nod back to the old style of gameplay back in the late 90's early 00's sadly this game doesn't hold up with much, the only nod to back in the day of the early resident evil games is the little puzzles by little I mean the very few I've seen.
This game has been designed with one thing involved and that is VR if you are planning to use a normal controller be prepared to be stuck with slow turning which ranks up the difficulty much more and in my opinion takes the fun out of what would be a good story maybe a story I've seen similarly before...OUTLAST this game feels like a rewritten script with extras to hide it's identity crisis, is it a Resident Evil game or is it a completely new game? If you took the title away anyone would believe this game to be something new as a matter of fact the only thing resident evil is the Resident in residence 'oh look another horror game based in a mansion.
Camera: as I said this game has been designed for VR but sadly it seems as though Capcom thought they'd base alot around this, slow clunky movement in first person, no over the shoulder view if they're going to give the game a nod back to the original games why put it solely in first person why not give controller players an option to switch it's not like the game is cheap to give us variety I wouldn't suggest this to anyone planning on using a controller, it's a shame they deviated again from what they originally had. I've played games which use the first-person POV and they are some of my favourite; Asupervisorstioned Outlast, The Evil Within, Dying Light, Dead Island all work perfectly but that's because Capcom haven't focused on the here and now but instead the future of what if 's (the what if's being VR) limiting players to really one game play mechanic 'VR.'
I also felt some functions where limited; option to toggle flashlight on/off, assigning items, using items at certain points for instance nothing is happening directly to Ethan but a character is off interacting with another thing you have to wait for that character to finish fiddling around before you can heal, switch weapon or reload something I've not seen in other games from the franchise unless it's been a dedicated cut scene which you'd expect anyway but when you have your inventory open smacking 'X' over your herb or first aid you'd expect it to work at that 'cool down from the action moment.'
This game has one good thing going for it, it is a scary game well I say scary what I mean is it makes you jump a little at times you'll hear a noise off to one side and turn to look at it; sorry 'SLOWLY turn to look at it inaccurately' because the controls are bad on a controller I can imagine in VR it would be faster, immersive and scarier, the story is good but as I mentioned it feels alot like it could be a rewrite of Outlast or even a spiritual successor to The Evil Within a good POV game.
I just wish Capcom had made the game a little better it is 100% not worth the price tag, it doesn't feel like a resident evil game I could only find a reference in the title so how could it, it caters to a newer audience an audience who has just picked up from 5/6 not long time gamers like myself.
It makes me sad knowing honestly I wasted big bucks on a game I don't like and will be taking back to the store tomorrow for credit towards something else.
longtime fans think twice before you buy I'd highly advise this.
One of my biggest genres is Survival Horror games and I like to play alot from the genre I just cant justify the price nor can I back the game play as a longtime fan to the franchise. Re-box and rename it as another game and there you go an new IP but I think people will be buying into the brand with this one.
Sorry Capcom, honest opinion.
…
The Oil Pit Squid, as its name suggests, is a weird sighting of tiny squid-like creatures in oil.
In 1996, workers cleaning a sludge pit in Anderson, Indiana at the GMC Delphi Interior found strange grayish-red squids of 6-8 inches in length swimming around in toxic liquid amongst antifreeze and automobile parts. One was caught and put in a jar that was stored in a factory, But disappeared before further research was done. No more specimens were found even after the pit was cleaned and inspected.
And though this sighting has baffled people for years causing people to believe in alien spores, they could have been mutated earthworms or massive bacteria growth, or possibly a hoax.
History
A worker stated "I live in Indianapolis. There is a manufacturing town called Anderson about 20-30 min north of the city. This story was originally told to me by a guy that I work with and lives in Anderson. At the Delphi plant they had a tank they used to store byproducts and chemicals from making bumpers. They found several squid like creatures in this toxic goo. One apparently had an eye. The specimens were taken and no one ever saw them again. No word was ever sent as to what is really was. There were a few of them. They apparently were somewhat transparent and resembled squids. About as big as your hand. These chemicals would not be conducive to any kind of life. It's called the oil pit squid."
According to Mysterious Creatures: A Guide to Cryptozoology, by George M. Eberhart, workers cleaning a sludge pit at GMC Delphi Interior and Lighting plant (Plant 9) in Anderson, IN, found several grayish-red, tentacled creatures about an inch in diameter and 6-8 inches long swimming in a goo of oil, antifreeze, and various other chemicals that were used to manufacture plastic car parts. One was placed in a jar, but sat in the factory for a month before anyone in management attempted to send it to a lab to be examined, at which point the specimen had vanished into a garbage can or perhaps a curious employee's glove compartment. The following year, no such creatures were in the sludge pit upon cleaning.
Explanations
The Oil Pit Squid could be an alien spore, a massive bacteria growth, or a mutated earth worm. It could be an unknown parasite similar to a Water Bear, or a fish like-creature.
Hoax
The anomaly originated from a tabloid article, so is therefore a hoax or possibly a made up story.
Chinese internet giant Tencent is facing a major public relations crisis after a video leaked online from one of the company's year-end parties showing a pair of female workers on their knees in front of male colleagues on stage in a lewd game meant to suggest oral sex.
In the 7-second long video, the two female employees are seen trying to use their teeth to open a bottle of water that is wedged between the legs of the male workers as their coworkers in the audience cheer them on. The footage was shot at a party held by the company's instant messaging department before the annual Chinese New Year break.
Watch on YouTube below:
The video has served to remind many of the pervasive sexism, discrimination and hazing that still exists in Chinese corporate culture, even at one of the country's most profitable and forward-thinking tech companies. It has been met with unbridled outrage by online commentators and sparked discussion about the challenges that young female professionals face when trying to fit in at the office.
“How could a company treat its workers in this way? Do they not have any sense of decency?” wondered one Weibo user.
“Why would these women allow themselves to be shamed in this way? What would their fathers say?” asked another netizen.
“If they don't do this, then they would be out of job. We must change this kind of disgraceful male chauvinistic culture!” responded another web user.
On Thursday, Tencent released a statement apologizing for what had occurred at its annual party, blaming the incident on poor oversight at the event and promising that it would not happen again in the future. The company said that workers responsible had been punished with “demerits” on their record, though it's not clear if this will result in any real punishment.
Bloomberg reports that none of Tencent's executives, board members or division chiefs are women.
This isn't the first time that one of China's top companies has shocked the public with its tone-deaf attitude toward sexism. In 2015, Alibaba was forced to withdraw a job advertisement for a female candidate looking like porn star Sora Aoi who was to be tasked with “motivating” their fellow coworkers.
That same year, Baidu celebrated International Women's Day with a series of lackluster doodles perpetuating stereotypical images of women. In next year, a senior Baidu exec was demoted after giving an incredibly sexist presentation, in which they told the audience:
“If a girl says to me, ‘The air conditioning in my dorm doesn't work, and I don't want to go home,' what do they mean? I think it means they want to kiss and have some sex.”
[Video via Miaopai]
Follow Shanghaiist on WeChat Share this: Pocket
Telegram
Print
Mark Twain Cave — originally McDowell's Cave — is a show cave located near Hannibal, Missouri, U.S.. It is the oldest operating show cave in the state, giving tours continuously since 1886.[1] Along with nearby Cameron Cave, it became a registered National Natural Landmark in 1972, with a citation reading "Exceptionally good examples of the maze type of cavern development". The cave — as "McDougal's Cave" — plays an important role in the novel The Adventures of Tom Sawyer[2] (1876) by Mark Twain and was renamed in honor of the author, a Hannibal native.
Early history [ edit ]
Geology [ edit ]
Geologically Mark Twain Cave and its nearby neighbor Cameron Cave differ from most of the 6,500+ caves found in Missouri. Both are believed to be remnants of a much larger cave system cut apart by a glacier and millions of years of erosion, leading to speculation by geologists and common citizens alike that there may be further undiscovered caves in the Hannibal region. This speculation was heightened in 2006 when the entrance to a previously unknown cave was found during construction of a new elementary school.[3] Other differences in Mark Twain Cave are the near total lack of speleothems, mineral deposits like stalagmites and stalactites in large open areas. Mark Twain Cave and Cameron Cave instead have a multitude of narrow, winding passages.[4] The caves are made mostly of a soft limestone called Louisiana Lithographic Limestone and found only in a 35-mile (56 km) area around Hannibal and Louisiana, Missouri. The limestone has been estimated by geologists as around 350 million years old,[5] while the cave passages were formed some 100 million years ago.[6] Mark Twain Cave covers some 6 1⁄ 2 miles (10.5 km) consisting of four entrances and 260 passages, maintaining a year around temperature of 52 °F (11 °C).
Mr. Simms original discovery entrance.
Discovery and first uses [ edit ]
While it is possible that prehistoric Native Americans were aware of the cave, the earliest documentation of Mark Twain Cave claims its discovery in the winter of 1819-1820 by a local hunter, Jack Simms, when their dog chased an animal into a small hillside opening south of current-day Hannibal. Upon investigation with torches, they and their brothers found that the small opening led to a large underground labyrinth.[7] The cave proved a popular diversion for Hannibal residents in the mid-19th century, especially children, including a young Sam Clemens. These childhood explorations would later reappear in five of Mark Twain's books. The proximity to the Mississippi river and its cooling breezes made the small valley between the river bluffs containing the caves a popular site for family picnics and church outings in the summertime.
The mad scientist and the outlaw [ edit ]
Jesse James
One odd, even macabre, event in the cave's early history occurred in the late 1840s when Hannibal physician Dr. Joseph Nash McDowell purchased the cave and used it for several years as a laboratory for experiments on human corpses. Their most notable experiment involved an attempt to petrify the remains of their deceased daughter.[6] Twain's book Life on the Mississippi offered a rather gruesome description of the activities:
In my time the person who owned it [the cave] turned it into a mausoleum for their daughter, age fourteen. The body of this poor child was put in a copper cylinder filled with alcohol, and this suspended in one of the dismal avenues of the cave.
After two years the experiment proved a failure and the girl's body was forcibly removed by angry Hannibal citizens who learned about it from children who had discovered it while exploring the cave and sometimes used the body to enhance the spooky atmosphere during the telling of ghost stories.[8] Many townsfolk also believed that Dr. McDowell used bodies stolen from area graves for other experiments, a not uncommon practice prior to the 20th century. Twain would weave that suspicion into the plot of Tom Sawyer in a grave robbing scene involving Injun Joe.
Alleged Jesse James Hideout
Another bit of folklore associated with McDowell's period of ownership was its use as a secret Confederate weapons storage cache during the American Civil War. McDowell was an ardent southern supporter and was proven to have stockpiled guns and ammunition for the rebels in their St. Louis medical college.[9] One of the former Confederates who likely had knowledge of the cave from their war service is legendary outlaw Jesse James. James had ridden with Quantrill's Raiders and Bloody Bill Anderson throughout the Little Dixie area southwest of Hannibal. In September, 1879, following the robbery of a train in nearby Saverton, Missouri, the cave proved a ready and secure hideout for few days rest. James even signed and dated one of the caves walls using a pencil, which used to be open to tours but that site has since been excluded from the tour because the pencil marks have faded.
The cave was but a labyrinth of crooked aisles that ran into each other and out again and led nowhere. It was said that one might wander days and nights together through its intricate tangle of rifts and chasms and never find the end of the cave — Mark Twain, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer
Advent of tourism [ edit ]
Tom Sawyer, an explorer of MacDougal's Cave
Mark Twain Cave was of course not yet called that in its early years, and was little known outside of the immediate Hannibal region until 1876, when Twain's landmark novel The Adventures of Tom Sawyer was published. Soon tourists worldwide were making the journey to see the real-life cave that provided the basis for the novel's fictional "MacDougal's Cave", where Tom and Becky Thatcher's lives were endangered by Injun Joe.[6] The first regular tours by paying customers began in 1886 when local farmer John East would charge tourists a dime to see some of the places inside the cave made famous by the novel. At that time the original opening was still being used, but proved impractical for large crowds, so in 1890 a newer entry to the cave was created nearby. For over fifty years tourists saw the cave much as Twain had in their youth, by candlelight or lantern. That changed in 1939 when electric lights were finally added to the tour areas of the cave by the Cameron family. In 1923 the cave had been purchased by Judge E.T. Cameron, who had been a guide at the cave as a young man. Through a succession of owners in the late 1800s and early 1900s, Cameron served as manager of the cave property. They were first one to establish standardized tour routes within the cave, construct a small building near the entrance for ticket sales, and advertise the cave in newspapers as "Mark Twain Cave".[10]
A lost sister found [ edit ]
One cold winter day in 1925, Judge Cameron's son Arch was caring for the family's cattle herd when they noticed steam rising from a sinkhole in the ground across the valley from Mark Twain Cave. After some digging a large natural underground room opened up. Further exploration found a cave even larger than Mark Twain Cave, with more twisted pathways.[11] This "sister" cave was named for the Cameron family, and is Missouri's newest show cave. Tours of Cameron Cave are offered, but are of a more primitive nature. The cave has no electric lights, and the only modifications made have been those mandated by law for safety.
Mark Twain Cave today [ edit ]
The entire cave complex is privately owned by the Coleberd family, descendants of Judge Cameron.[12] It includes Mark Twain and Cameron caves, a campground, gift shop/visitors center, candle shop and winery. Other available activities include The Life and Times of Mark Twain, a one-man stage performance that covers various highlights and the humor of the famed authors life from a first-person perspective. One of the newest additions to the cave complex is Sticks & Stones, an interactive gem shop where children and adults can sluice for semi-precious stones, much like Twain did in their brief gold panning career.[13] The caves continue to provide entertainment and education for thousands of visitors each year. One of the most notable visitors was U.S. President Jimmy Carter, who toured Mark Twain Cave with their family in 1979.[6] The guided tour of Mark Twain Cave takes approximately 55 minutes, while the larger Cameron Cave tour averages one hour twenty minutes in length. Mark Twain Cave is open year-around except Thanksgiving and Christmas days. Cameron Cave is open from Memorial Day through Labor Day only.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
To say Impact Wrestling star Rockstar Spud has shown unrivalled versatility since winning the inaugural season of British Bootcamp back in 2013 would be an understatement. A two-time X-Division champion with an appearance on BBC 3's Snog Marry Avoid to their name, whether it's a feud with a top star or losing to a one year-old on television, Spud is one of the most dynamic performers in professional wrestling today.
The confident Birmingham man's current role has seen them take a severe beating at the hands of 4-foot former WWE comedy character ‘Swoggle' to the point of being wheelchair-bound. However, wherever they find themselves on the card, they insist, nothing fazes him. “Look, I want to be the World Heavyweight Champion but, creatively, I just want to be on the show.
"I don't care about where you put me. There isn't another talent in the World that can be as adaptable as I am. In any situation. I have no problem saying that, I am very confident in what I can do.
"If you want me to go in there and tear it up with Kurt Angle for the World title, I will. If you want me to go out and lose to a one-year-old boy and make it look good, I will. If you want me to main event Wembley Arena in front of thousands of people in a hair vs hair match and bleed all over the building I will.
"Even if you want me to pull down the pants of a little person, I will, and I'll make it work. I promise you, whatever you see of me, whatever my role is, as long as I'm on the show, you can guarantee that I'm going to knock it out of the park and it's going to be memorable."
Of course, the ambitious 34-year-old has goals higher up in the card at the newly-branded Impact Wrestling. "I may sound like an egotistical jerk, but I'm not," they claim, before challenging their new boss and former World Champion Jeff Jarrett to a match.
"I'm well able to call people out and I'll do it right now. If he'd ever get back in the ring again, I'd want to face Double J! I think it could be brilliant.
"[Imagine] the things they could say to me, and the things I would say to him. I'll even bring their old lady into it! I have no worry or care about what I'll say on the mic to Double J... I think the audience would really really enjoy it. But I'm not going to hold back! If they want some, I'm more than happy."
The former TNA brand has had its fair share of public controversies, but Spud seems keen to stress that there isn't actually much in the claims of backstage drama from outsiders who claim to be looking in. "IF we didn't want to work here, we wouldn't work here. It's as simple as that. If we wanted to work elsewhere we would go up to the people in charge and say 'hey can I have my release? I don't like working here'.
"We love working in Impact. We love what we're doing, we enjoy being around each other, we enjoy the people involved, the management, we're a team! That team has the same vision as I have."
Read more:
They didn't even think much of it when Ed Nordholm of Anthem took over the reins from Dixie Carter back in January. "Honestly, here's the deal: I turned up to work and Jeff [Jarrett, now a part of the backroom team at Impact Wrestling] was there. So I said "oh hello mate," and went on with my day.
"That sort of stuff is above my pay grade. I am there to put on the best possible performance for my audience. And they are my audience as long as I'm out there. That's all I can say it."
(Image: Impact Wrestling)
The, no pun intended, impact that wrestling can have on its audience is something Spud has experienced first hand in the form of their role as an ambassador of British charity 'Starlight'. They got the chance to meet a young sick boy, Reegon, last Summer, who admitted that their one wish was to meet the two-time X-Division champ.
"I've had a lot of career highlights that I could say are 'the best' in the ring, but I always say that as an ambassador of Starlight UK to be selected to grant a wish was my greatest achievment. Out of all the people in the World, Reegon chose me! That's because of the connection they had to the character that I projected on the TV screen and that was one of the best things I've ever done in the job."
One style of wrestling that they refuse to work in the ring is the famous 'strong style' that has come from Japan to take the British and American scenes by storm. "Strong style is the wrong style," they say.
"Don't worry, I'm sure there are actors out there who do 'strong style' acting where they actually shoot each other in the gunfight scenes. Think about it: 'This is strong style acting guys, I'm bringing legitimacy to the role' says Tom Cruise when he's actually flying a fighter jet.
"All of my matches are one-star matches, because there's only one star in them: Me!"
You can subscribe to Total Access Impact Wrestling for less than €6 a month and stream weekly episodes of Impact Wrestling just one week after it airs on Spike UK. You also get access to all library content including TNA The Greatest Matches, TNA Classics, TNA British Boot Camp and much more.
Saturday mornings are my favorite time of the week: The quiet, soothing hours are a luxury in a freelancer's life. No frantic calls or emails, no deadlines, and no pressure. They're usually spent making french press coffee, binge-watching historical dramas, and gleefully digging through mounds of inspiration.
We have so many thought-provoking interviews and long-form posts planned for this blog — but this weekly series will be lighter and carefree compared to the normal dressed.so post. Some weeks I may not even feature inspiration related to fashion — for me, inspiration can come from anywhere.
Worn on left: Stella McCartney High Yoke crop top and peg leg pants, Pedro Garcia Rika booties (sold out), Dolce & Gabbana Agagta bag
Worn on right: Reformation Lilas Romper (you can buy the TopShop sleeveless romper version here), Gucci Suede Pumps, Dolce & Gabbana Sarah Bag
But I'll be honest: I didn't think that my first post would be about Taylor Swift. The last time I checked, they were wearing cowboy boots and a varsity jacket. I came across these photos yesterday, and all I really have to say here is: Bravo. Whoever is dressing this girl woman these days deserves some recognition.
Worn on Left: Mink Pink See the World Romper
Worn on left: Three-Quarter-Sleeve Scoop Back Stripe Top by Guess (sold out, mint version here), ‘Hampton' Cuffed Denim Shorts in Hackney by Hudson, ‘Sawyer' Oxfords by Sam Edelman (sold out), Dolce & Gabbana Agagta bag
Worn on Right: Michael Kors Georgette Shirtdress, Dolce & Gabbana ‘Agagta' bag, ‘Sawyer' Oxfords by Sam Edelman (sold out), Ray-Ban Classic Wayfarers
Does anyone know who their new stylist is?
Photos courtesy of:
Getty Images
Spanish political system in turmoil over hung parliament
By Paul Mitchell
23 December 2015
Spain is in turmoil since Sunday's elections resulted in a hung parliament and a historic collapse of the two-party system that has dominated Spanish politics since the end of the fascist Franco dictatorship in 1977. At 123 and 90 seats, respectively, the Popular Party (PP) and the Socialist Party (PSOE) are both well short of the 176 seats needed for a majority in the Congress.
European leaders expressed their concern almost as soon as the polls closed. German Chancellor Angela Merkel was reported to be “interested and alarmed” at the result, and spokesperson Christiane Wirtz told reporters that it was “not very clear yet” who to “congratulate” in Spain.
The main beneficiaries of electoral opposition to the two main parties were the Podemos party (20.7 percent, 69 seats) and the right-wing Citizens party (13.9 percent, 40 seats). These parties, which both received extensive media coverage amid rising popular anger with the austerity policies of the PP and the PSOE, criticised corruption and presented younger candidates, claiming a new generation would shake up political life.
What dominates currently in the Spanish media and political establishment is perplexity over how to form a new government. However, it would be a dangerous illusion to believe that the emergence of an unstable, four-party system in Spain marks a real political break with policies of austerity and war pursued by the European Union (EU) and the Spanish bourgeoisie. While Podemos in particular has marketed itself as a critic of austerity, it has no fundamental differences with the agenda of the PSOE and PP.
Following the election result, Podemos leader Pablo Iglesias declared, “A new Spain has been born.” They declared that this marked the end “of the alternate political system” in which power oscillated between the PSOE and PP.
In fact, the Spanish and international bourgeoisie is working with all its might behind the scenes to cobble together some sort of coalition government or pact. But all the possibilities are unstable, raising the prospect of fresh elections next year.
On Monday, incumbent PP Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy pronounced themselves the election winner, saying their party had won the most seats. Rajoy declared, “Whoever wins the election must try to form a government, and I will try to form one. Spain needs a stable government.”
On Monday evening, the PP executive met to discuss the results with former president José Aznar, who is still the party's honorary chairperson but has not attended such meetings since 2011. Aznar called for a party conference and leadership contest “as soon as possible.”
PSOE organisation secretary César Luena left open the possibility that the removal of Rajoy may be the signal for the PSOE to support a minority PP government, declaring that the Spanish people had “voted for change from Rajoy”.
Several PSOE “barons” led by former PSOE Prime Minister Felipe González have indicated they oppose any “pact of the left” that involves a government alliance with Podemos. PSOE leader in Extremadura, Fernández Vara, declared, “We cannot accept Catalonia independence or self-determination. Either they [Podemos] renounce it or there is no government pact.”
Citizens party leader Albert Rivera has also called on PSOE leader Pedro Sánchez to back a minority PP government “with budgets already approved” and refrain from trying to form a government with Podemos and the separatists.
Popular opposition to austerity and militarism supported by the four leading parties hardly featured in the Spanish election. Podemos has made clear that it was ready to carry out austerity policies by supporting Greece's Syriza government as it capitulated to the demands of the European Union (EU) for stepped-up austerity measures.
Podemos will follow the same path. Any government it is part of or supports will comply with IMF demands for “a clear commitment to continue structural reforms and to put the level of sovereign debt on a firmly declining path [that] would help anchor confidence.” It will also carry out the EU Commission's recent declaration that further labour reforms are needed “as soon as possible” to further cut wages and increase “flexibility”.
The media is once again questioning Spain's much vaunted return to growth this year, following years of economic collapse. This growth, however, has been based on an unsustainable policy of forcing down wages and prices relative to other eurozone members, stimulus from cheap oil and a weak euro, and the ECB's Quantitative Easing programme.
Podemos has already abandoned the social demands it adopted at its founding in January 2014, including nationalising top companies and banks, exiting from NATO, lowering the retirement age, raising pensions, and introducing a basic universal wage. These measures, it must be said, were always a fraud. Leaders of the Pabloite Anti-capitalist Left, who helped write the programme, said it was never taken seriously and that Podemos' main concern was building an electoral machine headed by the “media commando” Iglesias.
In its trajectory to the right Podemos also made overtures to the army and the Catholic Church and began promoting patriotism. It backed the austerity policies imposed in Greece by Syriza and campaigned for Tsipras' re-election last September.
In the closing weeks of the campaign, Podemos changed its policy toward the regions under pressure from some of its regional leaders to call for a referendum on Catalan independence. Iglesias declared that although “Catalonia is a nation and must have a different constitutional framework,” Podemos was the only force that could ensure the unity of Spain, because it recognises the “pluri-national” character of Spain.
Podemos then won by a considerable margin in Catalonia and won the most votes in the Basque Country.
With Podemos concentrating on the corruption of the “caste” and promoting its alliances with the military and the Church, the ruling elite was able to mount an attempt to construct a “Podemos of the Right”. Thus was born Citizens, a party of former PP and PSOE officials, which sought to use similar populist rhetoric to bolster the PP.
For all the media promotion of Citizens, and political commentators' claims that it would poll second and become the king-maker in a new PSOE- or PP-led government, its support slumped in the last week of the election. Party leader Albert Rivera gave the game away on Friday when they declared that they would “abstain in a vote to form a government by the party receiving the most votes”. That was seen as making a vote for Citizens tantamount to a vote for the PP, undermining their previous “anti-corruption” posture.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Cape Town - Springbok coach Allister Coetzee has tried their best to shrug off Saturday's 57-0 loss to the All Blacks in Albany as a "once-off" result, but the South African rugby public are not convinced.
In three Test matches against New Zealand under Coetzee, the Boks have now conceded 23 tries - and scored just a single five-pointer in return.
READ: SHOULD ALLISTER STICK TO MORE SPECIALISTS?
It has led to more calls for change, both in coaching staff and in player personnel.
Exactly what Coetzee does with their squad ahead of next weekend's clash against Australia in Bloemfontein remains to be seen, but there are a number of areas where they will have to make a few big calls.
Here, we look at some of the positions where we might see Coetzee change it up from the side that suffered the worst defeat in Springbok history.
1. Wing
When Raymond Rhule first came into the Springbok set-up, their defensive capabilities emerged as the immediate concern. Those fears were realised on Saturday as they slipped 9 tackles. It is hard to see Coetzee backing them again, while a call to Japan to get Ruan Combrinck back in the fold might be on the cards. Coetzee could also turn to JP Pietersen while, locally, there is Dillyn Leyds and Makazole Mapimpi.
Raymond Rhule (left) and Courtnall Skosan
2. Loose forward
Jaco Kriel's injury has resulted in calls for Francois Louw to be recalled. The loose trio against the All Blacks saw Uzair Cassiem at No 8, Jean-Luc du Preez at No 7 and Siya Kolisi at No 6. The jury is still very much out on Cassiem's effectiveness at the back of the scrum, and the inclusion of Louw would allow Du Preez to move there. Kolisi, though, has been fantastic at No 6 and Coetzee might be reluctant to shift them to the other side of the scrum to accommodate Louw.
Francois Louw
3. Scrumhalf
Francois Hougaard has not done anything for their Bok credentials in 2017. Whether coming off the bench or getting a start, the 29-year-old has been poor. Ross Cronje is expected to have recovered from illness for Bloemfontein and they will surely walk back into the starting XV. But, on the bench, Coetzee must consider turning to Rudy Paige ahead of Hougaard.
Francois Hougaard
4. Tighthead prop
Coenie Oosthuizen's injury has thrown a bit of a spanner into the works, as Ruan Dreyer and Trevor Nyakane were both exposed badly against the All Blacks. There are, unfortunately, a number of front row injuries with Frans Malherbe also out. The one option that Coetzee does have is in-form Western Province tighthead Wilco Louw.
Ruan Dreyer
5. Midfield
Will Coetzee back the combination of Jan Serfontein and Jesse Kriel in midfield? They have spoken very highly of that partnership all year, but they did not fire on the Australasian tour. Damian de Allende is waiting on the bench while, domestically, Rohan Janse van Rensburg and Lukhanyo Am are real options.
Image caption Ordinary Bangladeshis have been tempted into the stock market by higher returns than banks
Hundreds of angry investors have staged protests in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, after the stock exchange saw its steepest ever fall in a day.
Reports said they threw bricks at police, marched in the streets shouting slogans, and staged a sit-down protest.
Shares in the stock exchange suffered large falls within hours of opening on Sunday as panicked investors went on a selling spree.
The index ended the day down by 552 points or 6.72%.
It has been on a rollercoaster ride in recent weeks, hitting a record high on 5 December, having climbed 80% since the start of the year.
But on 8 December it nosedived, prompting protests in Dhaka and towns elsewhere.
Slogans
On Sunday, at least 500 investors hurled bricks at law enforcement officers near the Dhaka Stock Exchange and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) offices, said local police chief Tofazzal Hossain according to AFP news agency.
"They chanted slogans against the government and the regulators, and marched through the busy roads in the Motijheel Commercial area, halting traffic. They also staged a sit-in at the SEC building," they said.
Analysts say Sunday's index fall was triggered by a central bank interest-rate hike.
The regulators have also taken measures in recent weeks to restrict money supply into the share market after concerns that stocks were overvalued.
The move forced big institutional investors to withdraw from the market, triggering panic among individual investors.
The rising value of the stocks in recent years has attracted hundreds of thousands of small-scale or retail investors in Bangladesh, says the BBC's Anbarasan Ethirajan in Dhaka.
It became a popular investment for ordinary people, often providing higher returns than bank deposits and savings.
Regulators have now agreed to relax some of the conditions, hoping that will increase the money supply and stabilise the market, they say.
This book combines a calisthenics manual with the anatomical drawings and descriptions necessary to explain the muscle activations involved in each exercise. It takes a very straightforward approach, being organized by body part. Each chapter discusses the component muscles of said part and their unique features, and then gives a series of exercises to work said part. For each exercise, at least one anatomical drawing is provided, showing the primary and secondary muscles being worked in the exe
This book combines a calisthenics manual with the anatomical drawings and descriptions necessary to explain the muscle activations involved in each exercise. It takes a very straightforward approach, being organized by body part. Each chapter discusses the component muscles of said part and their unique features, and then gives a series of exercises to work said part. For each exercise, at least one anatomical drawing is provided, showing the primary and secondary muscles being worked in the exercise. In some cases, more than one drawing is needed to convey the full range of motion of the exercise, but in many cases one drawing is sufficient. Each exercise also receives a brief bullet-point description of the action, a textual list of muscles utilized, and notes on issues and cautions to keep in mind to get the most out of the exercise.
Chapter 1 sets the stage for the rest of the book. It discusses general principles to be kept in mind like the need to balance opposing muscle groups, and it also lays out the advantages and limitations of callisthenic, or bodyweight, workouts over other approaches to fitness. Like a number of other calisthenics' books, this one emphasizes the advantage of not necessarily needing any equipment. In other words, with a little creativity and some quality doors, robust furniture, or park access, one can do all of these exercises without either a gym membership or costly trips to the sporting goods store. Of course, one does need sturdy stationary objects to pull against, particularly to maintain a balanced upper body. What I like about this book more than some others I've read is that it emphasizes the need for safety in taking the equipmentless approach. I've cringed before in seeing some of the improvised set ups that have been jury-rigged as examples in other calisthenics manuals, but this book uses stout furniture and rafters to get the point across.
Chapters 2 through 9 each focuses on a particular body part, including (respectively): arms, neck and shoulders, chest, core, back, thighs, glutes, and calves. Each chapter starts with some general information on muscle action before launching into the exercises. If you have a particular interest in developing your glutes (i.e. your butt, your backside), then this is definitely the book for you. The author specializes in glutes, and while there are about a typical number of exercises for that musculature, the background information up front is more extensive than for most of the other chapters. For many of the exercises, the author proposes regressions and progressions -- that is, easier and harder variants of a fundamental for those who either aren't up to the basic yet or who need a harder version to challenge them.
The penultimate chapter, Ch. 10, presents whole-body exercises (e.g. burpees, mountain climbers, etc.) and discusses the benefits of including such exercises in one's workout regimen. Included in this chapter is an introduction to both high-intensity interval training (HIIT) and to Metabolic Resistance Training (MRT.)
The final chapter offers an overview of all the factors to keep in mind when arranging exercises into a program (e.g. number of sets, repetitions per set, and how such considerations are varied depending upon one's goals.) There's a lot to consider when putting together a workout regimen, including: the necessary rest periods, balancing one's workouts to avoid structural imbalances, and how to vary one's approach depending upon one's individual goals. A section on exercise for fat loss is included, which is important not only because there are so many people interested in that subject but also because there is so much misinformation out there.
As mentioned, most of the graphics are anatomical drawings showing the muscles in cut-away as the action of the exercise is being performed. There are a few other graphics to help clarify information, as well as tables in the last couple chapters to present information in an organized and easy to use fashion.
I found this book to be informative and well organized. It's a straightforward presentation of the skeleto-muscular action involved in various callisthenic exercises. If that's what one is looking for, or even if one is just looking for a guide to bodyweight exercises, this book will meet your needs.
Let me first address the elephant in the room.
Arizona was a catastrophe. Thankfully, the controversy has picked up enough media attention that many of you already know what happened. For those of you that don't, this article touches on some of the issues, though I don't agree with everything that they say. I have been aware of several instances of election fraud (though these were through manipulation of votes on electronic voting machines) in this election cycle already through the incredible work of this statistician named Beth Clarkson, but have largely remained silent on the issue because the instances thus far haven't altered the results so much that the candidate that should've won lost. Not to mention, anyone that speaks out against perceived electoral injustices is immediately deemed a sore loser and totally discredited.
I encourage you to read through Beth's work. They have received a great deal of media attention over the past couple of years and is actively working to improve the electoral process. I know many of you will disagree, but I stand by my Arizona projection and believe that if the election had been conducted in a normal, reasonable way, Hillary would've lost or came very close to losing. I have honestly lost a lot of sleep over this, and I can only hope that none of us witness anything like that again. Like many of you, I just want a fair election.
Now, for the elections today. Here are the numbers:
Bernie Sanders should win Alaska, Hawaii, and Washington, largely for three reasons:
Extremely low populations of African Americans, 1.6-3.6%, among the nations lowest
All three are caucuses
Hillary Clinton has an unusually low proportion of Facebook likes in all three states, 17-19%, which is among them worst
With all this being said, there is once again the question of how a particular ethnic group will vote, but this time it is with respect to Hawaii. Hawaii has a large population of Asians, native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders, unlike any state we have seen thus far. These groups could be predisposed to favor Hillary Clinton, but the null hypothesis that I must currently accept is that they aren't. I have tested the effect of Asian population size on previous results specifically for the sake of Hawaii after a friend suggested that I do, but it was very statistically insignificant, with a p-value of ~0.8 and actually a positive coefficient for Bernie vote share at that. Regardless, Hillary Clinton won the Northern Mariana Islands as well as American Samoa, so perhaps it is the case that in locales with Asian majorities, the dynamic changes. Hawaii is a politically unique state in many other ways, so it will be interesting to see if this estimate holds true.
Also, I want to sincerely thank everyone for the outpouring of support. I received countless emails and messages after Tuesday's elections, even immediately after the initial Arizona results made me look like a complete moron. To all of you that I haven't yet been able to respond to personally, I apologize for the delay but I will get to you!. I have no agenda, and I'm not doing anything remarkable, though I'm flattered by those that suggest as much. I just want to perform solid regression analysis and statistical work to give you all the most accurate electoral projections (without using polls!).
-Tyler
Please also see our Universal Cantilevered Spool Holder for 3D printers http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2297303
A fully 3D-printable rotating stand for filament spools, designed to be easily made without the need for fasteners such as screws, nuts, shafts, glue, etc. Every single component in this spool holder comes right from your 3D printer's filament. The spool holder's spindle is shaped to fit the vast majority of commonly used filament spools with shaft holes ranging from 16 mm to 62 mm in diameter. It is also compatible with spool-less filament coils. The spindle which holds the spool's weight rotates on its own roller wheels, which makes it turn effortlessly. The spool holder included an arm for filament guide tubes of both common sizes 1.75 mm and 3.0 mm. The arm also contains a pocket for inserting a piece of sponge which acts a a filament filter - thus keeping the filament clean and lubricated.
Please see video and instructions below:
3D-print only what you need while testing!
As you already realise this image is not the entire filament spool stand (http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:508896). It shows a crucial part and best-practice related to 3D-printing.
As with any product development one never knows exactly from start how things will fit together.
Depending on what 3D printer and settings you use, this spool stand will take a few hours to print. It is therefore unnecessary to 3D-print lengthy product iterations just to find out that you need to change a portion of the whole design.
The 3D-prints shown in this image represent the parts of the model with fittings which we wanted to give a test-run before we defined the final dimensions.
Therefore we cut away the smallest possible volume surrounding the fittings and 3D-printed them in a fraction of the time which otherwise would have taken hours and hours to find out.
After measuring the results we could adjust the CAD-model correspondently and get perfect fittings when 3D-printing the final model.
This procedure is perfect for testing overhangs, fittings, crucial dimensions, material consumption cost, etc.
So in other words.... don't waste time and filament! :)
Southampton manager Mauricio Pellegrino will take a 25-man squad to France for a training camp this week.
After the trip to Austria earlier this month, Saints are now heading to Évian-les-Bains for another tour.
The week will involve a number of intensive training sessions, including a number of doubles, before culminating in a clash with Saint-Étienne next Saturday.
Pellegrino is again mixing their senior players with some younger ones, and the full list for the trip is as follows:
• Fraser Forster
• Stuart Taylor
• Paulo Gazzaniga
• Maya Yoshida
• Florin Gardos
• Jan Bednarek
• Sam McQueen
• Alfie Jones
• Matt Targett
• Ryan Bertrand
• Jack Stephens
• Will Wood
• Jérémy Pied
• Jordy Clasie
• Steven Davis
• Dušan Tadić
• Oriol Romeu
• James Ward-Prowse
• Nathan Redmond
• Sofiane Boufal
• Pierre-Emile Højbjerg
• Shane Long
• Charlie Austin
• Sam Gallagher
• Manolo Gabbiadini
An earlier version of this Thursday report gave the incorrect last name for Andrew Adams at Raymond James.
Getty Images
Stocks are finding a bottom, given yesterday's finish well above the lows — right?
No way, say many hunkered-down traders. They warn the late-day saves are “only postponing the inevitable washout still to come.” Some hedge funds are indicating they expect more selling, as they “buy nothing.”
Chart-loving bears emphasize the S&P 500 SPX, -0.08% has knifed under a key level, namely its August low at 1,867. And while there is “potential for a counter-trend rally,” says S&P Capital IQ's Sam Stovall in a note, the market drop will likely deepen, as valuations are still high.
Yet there is nonetheless chatter about “hammer candles” and capitulation, meaning signs of a possible bottom. That's as the Dow DJIA, -0.13% on Wednesday went from down 565 points to closing lower by “only” 249 points, or 1.6%.
“For the first time in the entire down move, the SPX has put in a bullish candle, in this case a hammer at the lows,” writes financial blogger Macro Man. “If it were ever going to mount a rally, now should be the time.”
Wednesday's action had “the feel of capitulation,” says Andrew Adams at Raymond James in a note, though they also advise that all but the most aggressive accounts think about cutting exposure to riskier assets. As Colin Cieszynski at CMC Markets says, the “recent bear may finally be exhausted and a bounce starting.”
But no one really knows what's ahead for the whole stock market. So today's call focuses on something shorter term: the so-called blizzard plays that many traders are buzzing about, as the East Coast braces for a “monster storm.” Meanwhile, the chart of the day shows exactly which stock benchmarks have now been pounded into bear-market territory.
Key market gauges
S&P US:ESH6 and Dow US:YMH6 futures are pointing to a higher open, erasing earlier losses after European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi hinted at more stimulus in their news conference that's underway. Europe SXXP, +0.39% is higher, but Asia closed down after early gains faded. Oil CLH6, +0.00% and gold US:GCH6 are falling, while a key dollar index DXY, -0.39% is higher, helped by the euro dropping as Draghi speaks.
The call
There's a storm a-comin', and while snow is driving down, these stocks could be driving up, if only briefly. Makers of snowmobiles, sellers of shovels — there's a range of opportunities, say traders touting blizzard plays. Such as generator maker Generac GNRC, -1.57% ...
ah the old $GNRC blizzard play in motion..good idea earlier — Jamie Lissette (@jamielissette) January 20, 2016
... or snowblower maker Toro TTC, +0.19% , snow-day go-to Netflix NFLX, +0.29% and Deere DE, -0.64% , which makes equipment for moving snow, not just farming gear:
And let's not forget generator maker Briggs & Stratton BGG, -1.18% , snow plow company Douglas Dynamics PLOW, +1.01% (great ticker, BTW) and snowmobile manufacturers like Polaris PII, -2.20% and Arctic Cat US:ACAT . Plus Home Depot HD, -0.88% and Lowe's LOW, +0.02% could benefit from strong sales of snow shovels, road salt and more.
It could be seen as heartless — traders trying to capitalize on a potentially record storm that could affect 50 million people and freeze U.S. economic growth. Well, teens will be looking to make money from shoveling sidewalks, and East Coast ski resorts sound excited. Still, you may not want to go there.
The stat
30 inches — that's how much snow Washington, D.C., could get by Sunday, according to CNN meteorologist Tom Sater. The AP notes that New York City could be spared the heaviest snowfall totals.
Check out: Blizzard bearing down on East Coast may dump 3 feet of snow on D.C.
The chart
Stock benchmark % down from its 52-week high S&P 500 12.90 Dow Jones Industrial Average 14.08 Nasdaq Composite 14.53 Russell 2000 22.89 Stoxx Europe 600 21.93 U.K.'s FTSE 100 20.04 Japan's Nikkei 23.56 China's Shanghai Composite 44.37
Source: FactSet data as of about 6 a.m. Eastern Time on Thursday
The S&P, Dow and Nasdaq Composite COMP, -0.07% haven't fallen into bear-market territory, which is commonly defined as a drop of 20% or more from a recent high. But they're firmly in correction mode (-10% or more). And it's looking grizzly for the small-cap Russell 2000 RUT, -0.71% and plenty of overseas benchmarks, as shown in our chart of the day above (OK, it's actually a table).
The buzz
Travelers TRV, +0.59% and Verizon VZ, -0.25% have been among the companies posting quarterly results before the open, while Starbucks SBUX, +0.13% and Schlumberger SLB, -1.07% report after the close.
Read more: What to watch for in Starbucks earnings
Southwest LUV, -0.50% , Delta DAL, -0.56% and other airlines have warned about disruptions due to that weekend winter storm, which has been named Jonas.
Have you heard that Goldman's GS, +0.13% stock could fall another 20%?
The economy
Reuters
In their news conference today, Draghi has signaled the ECB will review and “possibly reconsider” its policy stance at its next meeting as global market turmoil raises downside risks.
Follow MarketWatch's ECB live blog: Draghi hints at more easing
Analysts had been expecting they would make dovish sounds after laying an egg last time, but not reveal any new stimulus efforts. Before their news conference began, the ECB left interest rates unchanged, as expected.
Weekly U.S. jobless claims rose to a seven-month high but were lower than expected. The Philly Fed's manufacturing index stayed negative, but came in slightly ahead of forecasts.
The quote
“I never give stock market advice, and this is no exception. But the market is probably overreacting to news from China by a wide margin. In the case of oil prices, it seems even to have the direction wrong.” — Princeton economist Alan Blinder in a Wall Street Journal column with the headline “Markets are scaring themselves.”
Random reads
Researchers have developed a sarcasm detector. We're sure their parents are really proud of them.
CEO Jack Dorsey is no longer a billionaire after Twitter's TWTR, -3.06% stock slump.
A rival to the Kit Kat bar looks likely after Nestle can't trademark that four-finger shape.
Oh man, another one. Rock legend Animal dies aged 66.
The NFL has its first full-time female assistant coach thanks to the Bills.
How flirting on a train can turn into a business deal.
France gives back the head of a Hindu statue after spiriting it away 130 years ago.
Imagine if cyborg-minded DARPA truly opens “the channel between the human brain and modern electronics.”
Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern.
Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.
The SS-Ehrendegen, also SS-Degen (officially Ehrendegen Reichsführer-SS[1]), was a straight sabre or sword, especially of the dress sword worn with a Schutzstaffel (SS) uniform from 1935 until 1945.
First introduced in 1935, it was designed by Professor Karl Diebitsch, an SS-Oberführer, who was also Heinrich Himmler's personal referent on all art and design within the SS. The degen was originally manufactured by the Peter Dan. Krebs firm of Solingen, Germany.[2]
Description [ edit ]
It had a long thin straight blade produced at different lengths to accommodate for the height of the wearer. The degen featured a "D" shaped knuckle-bow (crossguard) as the handle which also featured a black ribbed wooden grip. The grip was bound with silver wire and featured an inset disc featuring the SS double lightning-bolt runes.[2]
The scabbard was painted in a black enamel and had a decorative silvered top (locket) and bottom (chape) mounts. It was worn with an aluminium braid sword knot which was embellished with the SS runes in black on the stem.[2]
Awarding [ edit ]
The officer Degen was officially awarded with a hand-signed certificate from Heinrich Himmler to selected officers of the SS-Verfügungstruppe and SS-Totenkopfverbände in recognition of special merit. It was also awarded to officers who graduated from the SS-Junkerschulen at Bad Tölz and Brunswick.[2]
The NCO version was similar to the officer version, but the scabbard had a plain, unadorned chape. The NCO version's handle also lacked the silver wire wrapping and the SS runes were moved from the handle to the pommel cap.[2]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Although this may appear to be a smart-arse answer to the question ‘Why are plants green?', it's probably not too wide of the mark. Many interested parties have wrestled with the question and several suggestions have been made as to why most plants – by which commentators tend to mean the principal photosynthetic parts, the leaves – are predominantly green in colour. Most of these dwell on the preponderance of green-coloured chlorophylls (yes, plural – a and b) in land plants. See MinuteEarth's charming video about this here, or ResearchGate's academically-contributed thread on the issue here, or the undergraduate-student-targeted item by Mark McGinley (an Associate Professor in the Honors College and Department of Biological Sciences at Texas Tech University in Lubbock, USA) here. However, it seems that the ‘real' answer rests with the evolutionary heritage of the land flora, as deduced by Jonas Collén et al. and their announcement of the sequencing of the genome of Chondrus crispus, a red alga/seaweed commonly called Irish moss.
Although red algae contain green chlorophyll, their red coloration is a result of large amounts of non-green pigments such as phycoerythrin. During the inferred course of its evolution, C. crispus lost many genes (its compact genome of 9606 genes compares with the unicellular green alga Chlamydomonas reinhardtii with 14 516 genes, and Arabidopsis thaliana's 27 416). And this genetic reductionism would have had evolutionary knock-on effects. In particular, the loss of flagellar genes, needed for the motility of certain cells – especially the gametes during sexual reproduction in so-called ‘lower' land plants – may have been enough to have given ‘rival' flagellate green algae the evolutionary ‘leg-up' needed to allow them to claim the land as their own, and ultimately to beget the land flora. Or, as the paper's press release puts it: ‘Had this massive gene loss never occurred, red algae might have extensively colonized the terrestrial environment, in the same way as green algae, which are the ancestors of all land plants'. And that's why plants are green/aren't red. ‘Just so!', an exceedingly well-informed Mr Kipling is reported to have said.
Today marks the first day we're featuring a never heard Van Halen instrumental! We figure we'll kick it off by Finishing What We Started with that teaser last week – here's the FULL version of the awesome Van Halen boogie that became “Big Fat Money” on the Balance album!
We'll release a new instrumental every Monday and Thursday for the next several weeks. Some fans are wondering why we're featuring these now. Simply put, it's because we just gained access to them. To be clear, these are not official releases of any sort.
We're as excited to share these gems as you are to hear them!
Now, no doubt that most people prefer their rock and roll with someone singing. Vocals and lyrics sure do complete the songs and give them mass appeal. They turn them into the classics we know and love.
But these instrumentals let us appreciate the songs in a totally different way. Now we can enjoy the brilliant instrumental compositions themselves, before the lyrical themes were added. And of course, all those great vocals couldn't help but cover up the music in parts. Now, we can hear occasional nuances that were hidden by the vocals, making the listening experience FRESH again!
These make us appreciate Edward's compositional skills, and the musicianship of the band, even more. (We thought that wasn't possible)!
As for what's coming up, we have a number of songs from both the David Lee Roth and Sammy Hagar eras of the band. But we don't have everything. Some of the Dave era we'll be featuring has circulated before. But none of the Sammy era instrumentals that are on deck have been heard anywhere! So get ready!
Now, enjoy this honky-tonk rocker from '95!
About “Big fat Money”
The solo on this track was recorded in one take on a Gibson ES-335 through Ed's Marshall. Ed was fooling around with some suggestions from Bruce Fairbairn, while unbeknownst to him, Bruce was taping their first attempt. Fairbairn decided they liked what they heard.
A lot of thought went into the coin sound at the end of the song. Everyone crowded around the recording console where they dropped quarters, dimes, nickels, and pennies until they got the perfect sound.
Tune into VHND.com this Thursday for another one!
U.S. Troops Become American Citizens ... In Kandahar
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sean Carberry/NPR Sean Carberry/NPR
Forty-four soldiers and Marines in Afghanistan are celebrating this Fourth of July as American citizens for the first time after their naturalization ceremony at Kandahar Air Field.
As the morning sun beat down on the desert base last Friday, hundreds gathered inside the air-conditioned assembly hall for the ceremony. American flags lined the walls, patriotic music played, and smiles were everywhere.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sean Carberry/NPR Sean Carberry/NPR
"It's pretty exciting; we actually have 44 candidates from 24 different countries that are going to be naturalized today and become U.S. citizens," said Capt. Benjamin Wendland, one of the ceremony's organizers.
Wendland said there were lots of moving pieces to pull together for the naturalization ceremony, but one component was absolutely essential: the oath of citizenship.
"As soon as that oath is read and they receive their certificates, they are actually U.S. citizens," Wendland said.
Among those preparing to recite the oath was Griselda Murorodarte. The 21-year-old Army specialist was born in Mexico and grew up in California.
They said it's important for them to become a U.S. citizen.
"I do wear the flag on my right shoulder, and I proudly wear it, and now I can proudly say I'm an American citizen," they said.
When Murorodarte was 4, their mother took them and their sister to the U.S. to escape a bad family situation in southern Mexico. They said they owe everything to their mother because of all the sacrifices they made for them to be where they are today.
Murorodarte said they knew that joining the Army would allow them to get their citizenship more quickly, but the access to educational opportunities influenced their more. She's not focused on any of that right now, though.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sean Carberry/NPR Sean Carberry/NPR
"Honestly, my mindset at the moment is duty," they said. "Mission comes first, but this is a very special day for me and I'm always going to remember this."
Committing To The Military
Pfc. Shaeyon Klemann was born in Jamaica and moved to the U.S. with their dad when they were 19. They lived in Richmond, Va., for two years and then joined the Army. They said they also joined primarily so they could further them education.
"There's so much to do when you're a citizen, so many benefits," they said. They decided if they could go so far as to join the Army as a permanent resident, "I might as well go to the extreme and be a U.S. citizen."
Like the others at the ceremony, Klemann said it's a major accomplishment to take the oath.
"I'm very honored and very proud. It's been a long way, but it's here today," they said. "I'm very happy — overwhelmed."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sean Carberry/NPR Sean Carberry/NPR
Once everyone was inside, Brig. Gen. Kristin French addressed the candidates.
"You each have a unique story to tell about your journey that led you here today," they said. "But you all have one thing in common: You have all chosen not just to live in this country, but to serve this country and become an American citizen while deployed in Afghanistan."
Pius Bannis of the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services administered the all-important oath. The soldiers and Marines stood and recited it, then the crowd erupted in applause.
Marine Cpl. Carlos Silva, originally from Nicaragua, said their parents brought them to the U.S. when they were a child. They said they are also in the process of getting their citizenship.
"Pretty soon my entire family's going to be U.S. citizens," they said. "I'm happy about that; it's a proud day in my family."
Their plans when they return home from this tour?
"Spend time with family, be proud that I'm a U.S. citizen and hopefully vote in this election," they said.
Out of all the possible rope drop opportunities, the website would rank Lotus Blossom Cafe inside the China Pavilion pretty low on the list of priorities. And while I would not ordinarily admit this, maybe I'm wrong?
Because here we are right at 11am, which is when the majority of the World Showcase opens. There's a rope ahead just before reaching Nine Dragons that a swarm of people are waiting behind.
Rev those engines cause this makes the Frozen Fracas look like the don't know where I'm going with this.
Do you ever get really tired of cropping the same quick service menu over and over again because the picture needs to be up to date and the vegetarian stir fry now has carrots in it and now you're ready to order it but you know you took a picture of the same menu a couple of days earlier with the carrots in the stir fry and already cropped that one so you don't want to take another picture just to crop it again even though it will be more convenient because then when you want to use the pictures of the food you'll have the menu pictures right next to it in the same folder but you can just find the previously cropped picture in another folder so you saved 30 seconds in cropping by not taking another picture but then you forgot which day you took the previous menu pictures and you have to go back and find them but all of your folders are just called “Epcot” and it could be in any of them so you spend 45 minutes looking for a specific menu picture that you're sure you saw earlier in the day in a certain folder but somehow it's not there anymore? Because sometimes that happens to me.
This is what it replaces. The Orange Chicken, Shrimp Fried Rice, and Sesame Chicken Salad all survive, while the Beef Noodle gets the Mongolian treatment, the Hong Kong Style Curries are out, and the Sichuan Spicy Chicken is a new addition.
Speaking of lists, and when is Liam Neeson not, Lotus Blossom Cafe is not one you would typically find on most people's “must do Disney dining.”
But one of the potential positives(?) of the homogenization of much of Disney's culinary landscape is that many of the historical laggards are now up to par. Granted I reviewed this Sesame Chicken Salad more positively less than a year ago when it was $7.95 instead of $9.99, but it's still fresh greens with lightly breaded, crispy chicken and a salad dressing with a nice blend of ginger, soy, and peanut flavors with the sweetness from the duck sauce on top of the chicken adding another layer of flavor.
Currently, that means it's just a dollar more expensive than nearby La Cantina's salad, which is almost all lettuce and no protein.
And the Beef Noodle Soup Bowl was a ton of food, though Lotus Blossom now offers a slightly different take.
This Sichuan Spicy Chicken with Seasoned Rice is a relatively new addition, first appearing around mid-June.
The $10.49 entree arrives with about as much chicken as Disney's fried nuggets, only these are very lightly sauteed and instead of your typical, viscous sauce, arrive with a rub of mostly chilies, onions, and garlic amidst a thin glaze. We appreciated the lightness of the chicken, each bite of which had a nice exterior crispiness, but the flavors weren't particularly spicy for a dish that leads with the adjective. The sichuan peppercorn does lend a unique, almost citrus flavor that helps ease a bit of the spice on the back end. Overall, the biggest problem with ours was the dryness of the chicken, which is something that's usually helped by the thicker sauces offered in this kind of cuisine. We would have appreciated more pepper too.
I'm not sure where the “seasoned” in “seasoned rice” comes from as this is seemingly Lotus Blossom's standard white rice.
One thing you'll notice immediately upon being handed one of Lotus Blossom's beef dishes is its weight, which is particularly evident with the $10.95 Beef Noodle – Mongolian Style.
The pan-fried beef has a little bit of spice mixed in with the peppers and onions, but again the overall flavor is on the bland side, probably to ease returns for being too spicy. Since Lotus Blossom is one of the least busy quick services at Epcot and the kitchen is relatively expansive, cooking entrees to order would go a long way in increasing quality and delivering a product that meets guests' tastes. There's obviously nothing wrong with serving a mild dish if that's what a guest wants to eat.
While there were perhaps a pound of noodles underneath a considerable amount of beef, they were limp and didn't have a lot of flavor on their own. If you're trying to soak up the alcohol from the Food and Wine Festival or a drinking expedition around the World then there is potentially no better choice though. This is a TON of food. Like eight Food and Wine Festival portions worth that would each set you back $5.25.
We tried the $9.99 Orange Chicken with Steamed Rice to see if anything had changed on an entree that has been here forever. And the answer is no; it's still ten pieces of battered and fried chicken breast with a sweet, thick citrus sauce poured over the top. It's higher quality than most mall Chinese food, but you probably have a favorite back home that does it a lot better.
And that is perhaps the rub with Lotus Blossom, which is a quick service that I think is better than most people think it is. But out of all the potentially interesting options, and with Food/Wine/Flower/Garden dotting the promenade six months out of the year, a visit to fast food Chinese may not be the best play. But the Chinese quick service does have a lot going for it, mainly that it's probably the most efficient of any quick service on property, is rarely busy, has a pleasant dedicated seating area, serves large portions, and entrees are relatively inexpensive compared to what's around it. If a standard Disney quick service hamburger is going to run you $13-$16 then these entrees between $10-$11 are a bargain.
But I would reassert that skipping the appetizers is smart. You can do a lot better than three greasy potstickers or two egg rolls for $5+.
Overall, Lotus Blossom Cafe is a good choice for a no fuss meal, particularly if you're in the area, famished, looking for a fast meal, and not in the mood for Mexican food. Your other options then are basically the sandwiches/meatballs at Kringla and then a long walk into Germany for frankfurters. Plan accordingly.
We'll take a visit to what I think is a better choice in Nine Dragons Cafe next.
The NFL Draft last weekend in Philadelphia seemed to be a success, as a large crowd showed up and was enthused throughout all three days of the event.
The success of the draft over the past two years in Chicago and Philadelphia has made other NFL cities consider hosting the event in the future, and that includes Indianapolis. According to the Indianapolis Star's Stephen Holder, citing information from Indiana Sports Corp's Susan Baughman, “Indianapolis has requested information on bidding between 2020 and 2023 and is awaiting further instructions from the NFL on how and when to proceed. No decision has been made on whether to submit a bid, but the idea has clearly piqued the interest of local officials.”
Holder adds that there were 15 NFL cities with representatives in Philadelphia this past weekend to gauge interest in hosting the event, while Canton, Ohio was also represented. Holder also mentioned that Indy tourism officials were at the last two drafts, in both Chicago and Philly.
Ever since the NFL took the draft on the road a couple of years ago, people have wondered whether Indianapolis would consider hosting it. After all, Indy has hosted a wide variety of sporting events, including for the NFL - most notably the Super Bowl XLVI and the annual NFL Scouting Combine. Indy has garnered a good reputation for its job hosting both of those events, so a possible NFL Draft there in the future wouldn't be out of the realm of possibility. It sounds like the city is considering a future bid, which makes perfect sense.
It would be pretty cool to see the draft held in Indianapolis and would give fans the chance to come out and see the show, since the league has turned the draft into something far more than just the selection of players and into an event for fans, both in person and on TV. Heck, Indianapolis even stole headlines for this past draft by the orangutan making picks at the Indianapolis Zoo.
Nothing sounds imminent, and even if the city does bid, they wouldn't actually host the event for another few years. But it's something that is certainly worth looking into, and it might be for the best - that way, we don't have to hear “Fly Eagles Fly” anymore.
Would you go to the draft if it was held in Indianapolis?
Fort Worth, Texas (CNN) - An internet troll reviled for their pornographic posts on Reddit and recently revealed as a middle-aged software programmer told CNN that they made "a huge mistake."
For years, 49-year-old Michael Brutsch hid behind the online screen name "Violentacrez," creating hundreds of subforums on the user-generated website, such as "Rapebait," "Incest," "Pics of Dead Kids," "Choke a Bitch," and "Rape Jokes." "Violentacrez" has been banned from the site several times, although Brutsch still maintains a separate account.
Last week, Gawker revealed the identity of "Violentacrez," whose posts generated as many as 800,000 subscribers and triggered a debate about whether Reddit was criminally liable for the content of its forums. Reddit is a website where the popularity of posts - and whether they are featured prominently on the site's main page - is determined by registered users' votes.
Read more...
Watch Part II of the interview:
Watch Part III of the interview:
By Michelle Malkin • December 28, 2011 12:04 PM
Photoshop source: Ed Driscoll
The Year in Obama Scandals — and Scandal Deniers
by Michelle Malkin
Creators Syndicate
Copyright 2011
With 2011 drawing to a close, it is time to account. As an early-and-often chronicler of Chicago-on-the-Potomac, I am amazed at the stubborn and clingy persistence of President Barack Obama's snowblowers in the media. See no scandal, hear no scandal, speak no scandal.
Dartmouth College professor Brendan Nyhan asserted in May — while Operation Fast and Furious subpoenas were flying on Capitol Hill — that “one of the least remarked upon aspects of the Obama presidency has been the lack of scandals.” Conveniently, they define scandal as a “widespread elite perception of wrongdoing.”
So as long as left-wing Ivy League scribes refuse to perceive something to be a scandal — never mind the actual suffering endured by the family of murdered Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry, whose death came at the hands of a Mexican cartel thug wielding a Fast and Furious gun walked across the southern border under Attorney General Eric Holder's watch — there is no scandal!
Self-serving much?
Mother Jones' Kevin Drum likewise proclaimed: “Obama's presidency has so far been almost completely free of scandal.”
This after the year kicked off in January with the departure of lying eco-radical czar Carol Browner. In backroom negotiations, they infamously bullied auto execs to “put nothing in writing, ever.” The previous fall, the White House's own oil spill panel had singled out Browner for misleading the public about the scientific evidence for the administration's Draconian drilling moratorium and “contributing to the perception that the government's findings were more exact than they actually were.”
The Interior Department inspector general and federal judges likewise blasted drilling ban book-cooking by Browner and Interior Secretary Ken Salazar, who falsely rewrote the White House drilling ban report to doctor the Obama-appointed panel's own overwhelming scientific objections to the job-killing edict.
In February, federal judge Martin Feldman in Louisiana excoriated the Obama Interior Department for defying their May 2010 order to lift its fraudulent ban on offshore oil and gas drilling in the Gulf. They called out the administration's culture of contempt and “determined disregard” for the law.
This spring saw rising public anger over the preferential Obamacare waiver process (which I first reported on in September 2010). Some 2,000 lucky golden ticket winners were freed from the costly federal mandates — including a handful of fancy restaurants in Aloha Nancy Pelosi's San Francisco district, the entire state of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's Nevada, and scores of local, state and national Big Labor organizations, from the Service Employees International Union and Teamsters on down. Meanwhile, as The Hill newspaper reported last month, other not-so-lucky Republican-led states seeking waivers, such as Indiana and Louisiana, were rejected.
But it wasn't just Republicans objecting to the president's arbitrary Obamacare fiats. In July, congressional Democrats turned on the monstrous federal health bureaucracy known as the Independent Payment Advisory Board. The constitutionally suspect panel — freed from normal public notice, public comment and public review rules — would have unprecedented authority over health care spending and an expanding jurisdiction of private health care payment rates.
Obama's health and human services secretary, Kathleen Sebelius, faced separate legal questions over their overseer role in a hair-raising document-shredding case when they served as governor of Kansas. In October, a district judge in the Sunflower State suspended court proceedings in a high-profile criminal case against the abortion racketeers of Planned Parenthood. Bombshell court filings showed that Kansas health officials “shredded documents related to felony charges the abortion giant faces” and failed to disclose it for six years.
That same month, Bloomberg News columnist Jonathan Alter gushed: “There is zero evidence … of corruption. Where is it?”
Alter's declaration of the “Obama Miracle” came just weeks after the politically driven half-billion-dollar Solyndra stimulus “investment” went bankrupt, prompting an FBI raid and ongoing criminal and congressional probes of the solar company funded by top White House bundler and visitor George Kaiser.
As Solyndra and an avalanche of other ongoing green subsidy scams erupted, so did the LightSquared debacle — a federal broadband boondoggle involving billionaire hedge fund managers and Obama donors Philip Falcone and George Soros. In September, two high-ranking witnesses — William Shelton, the four-star general who heads the Air Force Space Command, and National Coordination Office for Space-Based Positioning, Navigation and Timing Director Anthony Russo — exposed how the White House had pressured them to alter their congressional testimony and play down concerns about LightSquared's interference threat to military communications.
The White House continues to block efforts to gain information about the Federal Communications Commission's approval of a special waiver for the company, even as new government tests this month showed that the company's “signals caused harmful interference to the majority of … general purpose GPS receivers.”
The Obama White House closed out the year with Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri demanding a probe of the smelly $443 million no-bid smallpox antiviral pill contract with Siga Technologies — controlled by big lefty donor Ron Perelman. Then there was the small matter of massive voter fraud in Indiana, where a Democratic official resigned amid allegations that “dozens, if not hundreds,” of signatures were faked to get Obama on the state primary ballot in 2008. And while Americans busied themselves with the holidays, White House and Democratic campaign officials were dumping more than $70,000 in contributions from another deep-pocketed contributor — scandal-plagued pal and former New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine, who oversaw the collapse of MF Global.
All this — and so much more — yet erstwhile “conservative” journalist Andrew Sullivan of Newsweek/The Daily Beast scoffed, “Where are all the scandals promised by Michelle Malkin?”
There's none so blind as those who will not see.
The goo's new bandwagon bulls have it all wrong: OPEC isn't driving short-term oil prices. Nor is the latest “technical breakout.” There's one overriding factor most investors aren't even aware of – and it's about to send crude 30% lower quite soon.
The problem these days with moving averages, trendlines and OPEC rumors is that every money manager on the planet has the same information. Think you see something on a price chart, or an OPEC meeting transcript? Odds are somebody else already caught the same thing – and traded off it!
It may sound tough to make a buck in this patch, but in reality it's never been easier. Reason being, most money managers are trend followers. When oil goes up, they buy. And they buy more and more as the price goes higher – until eventually the majority of them are on the “long side” of the market.
When there's nobody left to buy, the market is most susceptible to “surprising” declines. This is why oil prices dropped so swiftly on Monday's latest OPEC nonsense. It's also the reason crude plummeted from $100 per barrel below $30 in the first place.
Oil Prices Topped in Tandem With Long Bets
In August 2014, I told my readers to short crude oil at $103 per barrel. Money managers were “net long” 320,000 contracts. They'd only wagered that heavily bullish twice in the past year – and both had proved to be tops.
Money Managers (Blue Line) Love Crude at its Highs
Oil had nowhere to go but down – there was nobody left to buy. Fundamentals tipped prices over a cliff - as oil supplies skyrocketed, the speculators sold. The more they sold, the more intense the selling got. The trend was down, and they had a big pile of bets to liquidate – which took 20 months to (mostly) clear.
Long Bets Plunge 84% as Oil Drops 70%
As the crash concluded, money managers were only net long less than 50,000 contracts – an 84% reduction from 20 months earlier! If you're looking for an explanation behind oil's big plunge, this is it.
Since then, the goo has staged a bounce back rally. But, once again, it's been driven more by speculation than supply numbers. Over the last three months, money managers have quadrupled their bullish bets on oil to more than 200,000 contracts. They haven't been this bullish on oil since July 2015… which preceded a 50% price drop in 7 months.
On Monday, barrels of professionals raced to unload their bullish positions. As long as the market has this bearish overhang, oil has more downside than upside. We're going to see oil below $30 per barrel again, most likely within months to a year.
Sell Your Energy Payers Now (& Buy Them Back Later)
How did “safe” dividend-paying energy stocks perform during this time period? Better than oil, but not well overall…
Dividends Didn't Buoy Energy Stocks During Oil's Decline
If you own stocks like Exxon Mobil (XOM), Chevron (CVX), BP (BP), ConocoPhillips (COP), Royal Dutch Shell (RDS) – or any other energy issues, for that matter – this is an ideal time to sell them and cash out on the recent bounce.
I'd wait until oil finds its eventual bottom to consider these dividend-payers again. That'll most likely happen when money managers again reduce their futures bets below 50,000 contracts. For now, you should sell your energy positions immediately – before Wall Street beats you to it.
What dividend payers should you buy instead? I'd look at the healthcare sector. It's benefiting from the biggest demographic shift in U.S. history – 77 million baby boomers calling it a career.
The blue chip names are pricey, but there are niche providers paying big yields. I'm talking about annual dividends of 6.6%, 7% and 8.9%. All three companies are increasing their sales, profits and payouts annually – if you buy today, you'll be netting a 10%+ return on your initial capital in just a few years.
The best time to buy them is right now – before Wall Street sends more analysts after these underappreciated companies. Click here for the names and tickers of each, along with my detailed stock analysis.
Disclosure: none
A Napa, California, mother and their boyfriend were convicted Tuesday of killing their three-year-old daughter, who was found partially frozen at the couple's apartment after their body was put in the freezer, PEOPLE confirms.
Sarah Lynn Krueger, 27, and their 29-year-old boyfriend, Ryan Scott Warner, were both found guilty of first-degree murder with the special circumstance of torture in the death of Kayleigh Slusher, who died from multiple blunt force injuries. The fatal injury caused a rupture in their small intestine.
The couple were also found guilty of abuse of a child under eight causing death.
Both of the verdicts were read Tuesday. Sentencing is scheduled for July 27. Both potentially face life without the possibility of parole.
Their attorneys could not be reached for comment and it was not immediately clear if they planned to appeal.
“It was a really emotionally difficult case,” Napa Valley Deputy District Attorney Kecia Lind, who co-prosecuted the case with Deputy District Attorney Lance Hafenstein, tells PEOPLE. “It was pretty horrific the things that happened to her.”
The investigation began in 2014 when Napa police received a 911 call from the couple's friend on February 1 to check on Kayleigh's welfare. The friend later told police that they went over to the couple's apartment the night before and discovered Kayleigh was dead.
“He didn't want any part of it so they told them to call the police,” says Lind. “They did not call the police so they took it upon themselves to call.”
Once inside the apartment, police found Kayleigh's body in their bed. They were partially frozen.
“She was in [the freezer] for at least a number of hours,” says Lind. “Her body was still extremely cold to the touch when the officers found them We don't know for sure how long they were in the freezer.”
(Lind says they were placed in a regular freezer atop the refrigerator. “The little freezer that sits on top of your refrigerator,” they say.)
According to Lind, Krueger and Warner had fled earlier that morning before police arrived, but the pair was arrested the following day shortly after a woman spotted them at an IHOP Restaurant.
Lind says police found searches on Krueger's cell phone for most populous cities in the U.S.
An autopsy determined that the young girl had 41 distinguishable injuries to the exterior of their body.
“She had severe injuries and bruising to their head,” says Lind. “Essentially just all over their body, arms, legs, torso, buttocks… It was tough. The medical examiner described the amount of pain and suffering they would have been in during the time they were dying. It wasn't a quick process.”
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Lind says they believe the beatings began months earlier.
“It appears most of the abuse took place the month or two prior to them being killed,” they say.
The couple told authorities they thought Kayleigh had died after they drank something that was poisonous.
“Neither of them had any legitimate explanation for the multitude of bruises and injuries on their body,” says Lind.
During the trial, Warner's defense attorney, Mervin C. Lernhart, Jr., argued there was no evidence that their client abused the child or knew anything about the abuse, the Napa Valley Register reports.
During closing arguments, Krueger's attorney, Jim McEntee, put the blame on Warner, alleging that they were the one responsible for the fatal blow that killed Kayleigh, according to the paper.
McEntee said that Krueger had used methamphetamine leading up the death of their daughter.
TORONTO – Forgive Taylor Hall if he's still a touch heartbroken.
Time heals all wounds, they say. They also say it takes half the duration of a close relationship to recover from it when it all turns to mud.
So after 2010's No. 1-overall pick gave their first 381 games and 328 NHL points to the city of Edmonton, the Oilers' best winger was traded this summer for Adam Larsson, whom GM Peter Chiarelli is betting big will be one of the club's best defencemen.
Hall was with the Oilers for six (yes, playoff-free) seasons. It's only been eight weeks.
“So, Taylor, what did you do for fun this summer?” we ask.
“The trade put a wrench in things, for sure,” they say, cracking a small smile.
“In a breakup, you try to forget about it as quick as you can, right? That's what I'm trying to do,” they continue. “It's not easy. Once the regular season starts and you start seeing Edmonton piling up the wins, or whatever they might do, it's going to be a bit weird. The main thing is to focus on my team, control what I can control.”
So Hall busied themselves with selling their place in Edmonton, the one that also housed super rookie and roommate Connor McDavid last season, and packing up their things. Last weekend they went to New Jersey, put on strange colours and found a new apartment.
He's living solo now, but he's wrapped their head around a new challenge and a new life—one they were surprised to learn is just a short distance from downtown Manhattan.
“I'm 24 years old now. I'm not an 18-year-old kid that's just been drafted to a team. I think a lot of the onus is on me to get in there and get used to things as quick as possible,” Hall says. “I've played six years now, so I hope I can take on a bit of a leadership role and do my part there.”
This week Hall is training at BioSteel Camp, a pre-training camp where he's surrounded by teammates old and new. Oilers McDavid and Darnell Nurse are training alongside them at St. Michael's College Arena; they came to Hall's charity ball hockey tournament in Kingston, too, and both say Hall's departure is a huge loss.
“That's the crappy thing about getting traded. You're going to a new team, and you'll develop new friends for sure, but… a lot of really great guys back in Edmonton,” Hall says. Wistful. “They're great kids, great friends.”
Fellow Devils Joseph Blandisi, Devante Smith-Pelly and Mike Cammalleri are at the camp as well.
Cammalleri's first thought when they learned of the blockbuster acquisition?
“Wow, we got Taylor Hall,” Cammalleri says. “The second thing? Too bad we're gonna lose Lars. But to get a Taylor Hall, you're going to have to do something like that.”
What the Devils are getting in Hall is one of the game's elite left wings. Chances are, they slot into the first line, moving Cammalleri (now 100 per cent healthy, the veteran says) to the second.
“Pretty cool,” Cammalleri says of adding Hall. “When they first came in the league, they kinda came in with a lot of strength and speed and power. Since then, he's shown not only that, but the ability to make plays, to make passes, to score and create offence in a myriad of ways, which makes them a truly unique and dynamic offensive player.”
Aside from running into Cammalleri at last summer's BioSteel Camp, the only Devil Hall was familiar with is centre Adam Henrique. As Windsor Spitfires teammates, the two forwards put up gaudy OHL numbers for three straight seasons in the late aughts.
In Hall's draft year, they scored 106 points in Windsor; Henrique put up 77.
“Adam's certainly a great player and we had a lot of success in junior, so it'd be a lot of fun to play with them for sure,” Hall says.
The two have kept in contact since junior, and Hall recently chirped “Rico” for their GQ style on Twitter.
“We would chat after games, and see each other a couple times in the summer when I'd go to Windsor, where they still live,” Hall explains. “One of the best things about hockey is everyone's a good guy. You develop friendships quickly. I'm looking forward to assimilating the best I can with the team and as the exhibition games go forward and we look to the regular season I'll get used to wearing the Devils jersey.”
He's at the plenty-of-fish stage.
Hall points out that he's never been traded in their professional or amateur career. He'd heard their name pop up in rumours, of course, but they never thought it would actually happen. And if it did, it wouldn't be to Jersey—despite the Devils operating the league's worst offence in 2015-16.
Cammalleri's been traded twice and switched teams four times. They say you never stop holding on, just a little, to the cities you represent.
“It's part of your footsteps and journey through life. For me, L.A., Calgary, Montreal all hold special places in my heart,” Cammalleri says. “Like any other job or school or town where you've lived — you move on, but there's always some sort of feeling towards that place.”
Today, Hall still speaks warmly about the passion of Oilers fans and “how much they cared” through all those disappointing campaigns.
Yet their focus is shifting to a fresh October and a bustling metropolis that isn't so concerned with ice.
“I'm looking forward to having a little more anonymity,” Hall admits.
They think of the Oilers' road trips to Newark, their new home rink, and a rebound relationship with promise.
“It looked like a traditional hockey market, to be honest. I didn't expect it to be as packed as it was and for the fans to be as loud as they were,” Hall says. “The last time we played there, it was Martin Brodeur's jersey retirement night. That was a special night. You can see they're a first-class organization with the way they put things on.”
And the way they orchestrate trades.
While Microsoft's main investment in sensor technology has been Kinect, the software maker hasn't ventured into wearable devices recently. With devices like Jawbone and Nike's FuelBand soaring in popularity, and Google's Glass set to debut later this year, there's clearly a shift towards wearable computing in general. Speaking at Microsoft's TechForum event this week, the company's president of the Interactive Entertainment Business responsible for Xbox, Don Mattrick, offered their own predictions for the future of wearable tech.
Sensors excite the head of Xbox
"My personal belief, 10 years from now, we'll be wearing 10 sensors on our body collecting data and applying that data to things that are valuable to us as users," said Mattrick. While they stopped short of any potential product announcements, they admitted they were personally "bullish" on the idea of home automation and sensors. Qi Lu, president of Microsoft's online services division, had presented their vision of Bing as a platform prior to Mattrick's comments. Lu sees Bing as a way for Microsoft to process information from sensors and other sources; what that'll mean for users isn't yet clear, but it's easy to imagine a Google Now-like service that indexes your entire life. Highlighting Lu's comments, Mattrick said he's "excited about thinking sensors, multiple screens, intelligence, the capabilities that Qi spoke about [Bing as a platform] in being a base to redefine what we do."
We understand that Microsoft has been testing a wrist-worn "Joule" heart rate monitor. The fitness accessory for Xbox and Windows has been described previously, by sources, as a flat touch screen accessory that sits on an inch-wide nylon arm band with bluetooth and GPS to track movement for Microsoft's Kinect PlayFit system. Alongside this accessory, previous leaks have suggested that Microsoft is investigating the idea of a Kinect Glasses scenario (known internally as Project Fortaleza) that would enable augmented reality for the next Xbox. Microsoft is toying with a number of Kinect-related research projects with wearable elements, so Mattrick's predictions hint that Microsoft is looking even further towards a future of wearable sensors. All that remains is for Microsoft to unveil its next-gen Xbox, with the possibility that it will set the stage and base for additional devices and peripherals.
WELCOME TO OUR *NEW ALBUM* KICKSTARTER!!!
After 2 years of touring up and down the East Coast to support our 2010 debut album, we set aside our road cases and have spent the past 6 months holed up in our rehearsal space writing. We have fought a long, hard battle with ourselves, each other, and a bullying writers-block. And we've emerged stronger with some of the best new songs we've ever written.
When we started this band in 2009, we abandoned our college degrees to go after what we truly want to do in life - make music and prove to everyone we meet because of it that you don't have to settle for anything in life if you feel you're meant for more.
We have been given an unbelievable opportunity to work with a team of top producers to create something that could quite possibly change our music careers, as well as our lives. Those producers are Kenneth Mount and Zack Odom of ZK Productions. They have worked with and boosted the careers of some extremely notable bands: Cartel, Jimmy Eat World, Usher, We Are The In Crowd, Fergie, All-Time Low, Mayday Parade, Ludacris, and The Ready Set, just to name a few.
With your help, we will come one step closer to that dream we set out to pursue in 2009.
We've always thought of ourselves as underdogs - and somewhere along the way you've started believing in us. You've reached out to us, letting us know our music has helped you get through tough times, was playing in the background during a memorable moment for you, or that something as simple as a mention on Twitter/Facebook made your day.
If you've ever wanted to return the favor, if you've ever wanted to help us in the way we've helped, touched or resonated with you, here's your chance.
All donations will go towards the production, recording, and mixing of this EP. Any donations pledged exceeding $5,000 will be applied towards mastering, printing physical copies of the CDs, CD Artwork, Merch for our EP Release Tour, and touring expenses (gas, lodging).
This Kickstarter for our NEW EP ends on December 24th, 2012 - Christmas Eve. If successfully funded, our lives will change immediately - working with Kenneth and Zack at ZK will no longer be "the chance" we sit around holding our breaths thinking about, we'll be able to exhale and get started on pre-production THAT SAME DAY. We'll be able to alert the press that we reached our goal, spend the holidays celebrating with you and our families, and begin putting together your super-awesome-quirky-amazing-kickass-one-of-a-kind backer rewards!
We've already begun routing and booking our Spring 2013 EP Release Tour in support of this recording - so we'll look really silly out on the road with no EP! The success of this Kickstarter means we'll be hitting the road in support of our new music, we'll be coming through parts of the country we've never toured before, we'll be trying our damnedest to make a stop in EVERY BACKER'S CITY so we can personally shake your hand, hug you, squeeze you, high-five you and thank you for quite honestly making our dreams come true.
A NEW EP means a NEW TOUR, NEW MERCH, NEW CITIES, NEW FRIENDS, NEW OPPORTUNITIES... and NEW MUSIC. Beyond this, (even though it may be cheesy), all we can really say is that our future's in your hands...
WE LOVE YOU !
By
For the past couple of years I have adored string art. It has been on my list of things to try forever. After perusing The Honaker Homemaker's etsy shop I was finally inspired to give it a whirl. Lauren has amazing work and amazing prices. If you are looking for something unique check it out. Before I lept and did this larger piece I tried just doing sone initials. Check those out on Instagram here. That gave me me the practice and confidence needed to make this. It really is easier than I thought it was. But it will take you some time. Now I am not a professional string artist but this is how I did it and I feel like my home sweet home string art turned out awesome.
Supplies:
Wood (mine was 13” x 18”)
pre-wood conditioner
stain (I used Classic Gray by Minwax)
4 boxes of 5/8” of linoleum nails (got mine at Lowes for $1.30 each)
Drill
1/16” drill bit
hammer
embroidery floss (I used 2 white, 4 blue/green, and 2 coral)
Optional: Silhouette Cameo and vinyl
1. Cut your board the size you want it. Mine is a 13” x 18”. Sand smooth and then apply pre-wood conditioner if you use a soft wood like pine. Follow that with your stain of choice – I used Classic Gray by Minwax.
2. Next design your saying. I used the Pacifico font for “sweet” and Abadi MT Condensed for “home”.
3. Either cut out your design with a Silhouette machine and vinyl or print copies of your design and use tape or repositionable spray adhesive to hold it in place.
4. Next pre-drill holes about every 1/4” – 1/2” apart around your design. This saves you from getting your fingers smashed by trying to pound every nail in the right place. This also makes your nails go in straighter.
5. Remove the vinyl when all the holes are drilled.
6. Then just push your nails in place (have a cute little helper do this with you) and then hammer them in a little deeper. Try and get them all at the same level.
7. Then tie some embroidery floss on (yes I used all 6 strands) and go around the outer edge of your nails, like you are outlining it.
8. Then fill it in by wrapping your floss around the nails There are no rules to this – just string until you like it.
9. I tried to end where I started so I could tie off the string there and then cut it.
10. I used 2 white, 2 coral and then 5 of the variegated aqua color floss to complete this sign.
I hung it in my mudroom. I plan on showing you a final reveal of all the aspects of my mudroom soon, I promise.
Sign up for your FREE ebook here! Enter your email address and learn how I built a 6-figure business with no one watching. And you can too! Success! Now check your email to confirm your subscription.
60 Pages Posted: 3 Aug 2012 Last revised: 27 Sep 2012
Date Written: September 4, 2012
Abstract
This article highlights a systematic bias in the academic, correctional, and human rights discourse that constitutes the basis for prison rape policy reform. This discourse focuses almost exclusively on sexual abuse perpetrated by men: sexual abuse of male prisoners by fellow inmates, and sexual abuse of women prisoners by male staff. But since 2007, survey and correctional data have indicated that the main perpetrators of prison sexual abuse seem to be women. In men's facilities, inmates report much more sexual victimization by female staff than by male inmates; in women's facilities, inmates report much higher rates of sexual abuse by fellow inmates than by male or female staff. These findings contravene conventional gender expectations, and are barely acknowledged in contemporary prison rape discourse, leading to policy decisions that are too sanguine about the likelihood of female-perpetrated sexual victimization. The selective blindness of prison rape discourse to counterstereotypical forms of abuse illuminates a pattern of reasoning I describe as “stereotype reconciliation,” an unintentional interpretive trend by which surprising, counterstereotypical facts are reconciled with conventional gender expectations. The authors of prison rape discourse tend to ignore these counterstereotypical facts or to invoke alternative stereotypes, such as heterosexist notions of romance or racialized rape tropes, in ways that tend to rationalize their neglect of counterstereotypical forms of abuse and reconcile those abuses with conventional expectations of masculine domination and feminine submission.
One of the claims of anti-filesharing groups is that the people behind file-sharing sites and services only run them to make money. Those who believe in sharing for sharing's sake believe that the opposite to be true. But in actual fact, and in common with so many facets of the piracy debate, the truth lies hidden behind many shades of gray, somewhere in the middle.
Imagine a scenario in which all file-sharing, streaming, linking and hosting websites are completely drained of cash, their revenues throttled by relentless anti-piracy company pressure.
Free content and online piracy more or less comes to an end – right?
If the rhetoric coming out of industry bodies like the RIAA, MPAA, IFPI, BPI and FACT is to be believed, that's exactly what would happen. These organizations think that file-sharing sites and services are motivated only be the reward of hard cash and without it they would cease to function.
But is that the case? Is The Pirate Bay only interested in being super-resilient in order to maintain its advertising revenue? Is your favorite private tracker only making the site better and enforcing tight ratio rules in order to keep this month's donations healthy?
Entertainment companies nearly always offer a resounding ‘YES' to each of the above while uncompromising pro-piracy advocates throw in a blanket “NO”. The truth, as with most things in the file-sharing debate, lies somewhere in the middle.
Everyone needs at least a little money
Let's get one thing straight from the start – ALL file-sharing related sites are interested in money, just as everyone reading this article will be. Money is a fact of life (ask charities who rely on handouts) and in the file-sharing world servers and bandwidth have to be paid for. Sites cannot operate without cash so revenue has to be generated to keep them online.
Basics out-of-the-way, the question switches to how that cash is raised.
Advertising and affiliate schemes, free and forced donations.
Public sites like The Pirate Bay raise money in a way that is roughly compatible with the original file-sharing ethos. Not only is content-free but the site is free to use too, with money generated via advertising and affiliate schemes. Unless users want to, they don't contribute a penny towards the site's upkeep.
Broadly speaking, the same can be said about most publicly available sites, such as the many varied public indexes that cull torrents from other sites. They tend not to have communities of their own and generate revenue from advertising and affiliate schemes. It is hard to prove or say with the utmost certainty, but it seems likely that some of these exist mainly for the money.
Private trackers, on the other hand, are a different prospect altogether. They have their own walled ecosystem where the main unit of currency is bandwidth. In most cases all users must contribute bandwidth via their uploads or face getting kicked out. Users with lots of upload bandwidth need never pay any actual money to the site. On the other hand, those with limited upstream clout may find themselves in a position of having to donate real cash to stay on board. Private torrent sites generally generate cash from this latter group, plus other users who simply value what the site has to offer and voluntarily hand over cash as a ‘thank you'.
But while these are basic explanations of how money is raised to keep sites running, we still don't have an idea of whether the operators of these sites are only running them to make money. The truth is that only the sites and those close to them know for sure, but there are some interesting signs to be read.
Ethical pirates, evil pirates, and the swashbucklers in between.
If we take a look at The Pirate Bay, we can see a site that in pretty much all respects has not improved in more than half a decade. For a traditional business this would be suicide. Expansion plans and grand ideas for the future aren't fueled by standing still. The site definitely makes some money and the people behind the site could certainly make money elsewhere in a less risky occupation.
On the other hand, private sites are very much a mixed bag. There are some trackers around that aren't interested in any more money than is needed to pay the bills each month and these are quite easy to spot with their relaxed attitudes. These sites are often over-sized hobbies for their owners.
At the other end of the scale (and this is a bitter pill) are trackers, large and small, that are almost entirely focused on money. They have donation drives every other month plus tight ratio restrictions and ruthless bannings unless users stump up cash. Every Christmas there is some crisis or other which imperils the admin's drink supply future of the site unless there is an immediate cash influx from site members. Often these sites are completely filled to capacity, unable to process even one solitary extra invite. Until cash is handed over for one of course, then space is magically found.
In between though there are many other trackers which through no fault of their own have become slaves to their site's finances. What started off as a fun hobby with a few hundred members costing very little, can rapidly turn into a much larger concern that without funds cannot be kept going. The admins of these sites aren't in this to make money but if they don't then the site won't survive in its current state. The options are i) cull the site back to its roots and pay the small bills from your own pocket, ii) say it was good while it lasted and shut down, or iii) leave the decision to another day that never comes. Many site owners are in this final position.
But for all of this post's previous 800 or so words we still have no idea whether site operators are all in this game for the money. The likely truth is that some are and some aren't, but in most cases their users don't really care one way or the other. A good service is being provided – for free.
Sharing is not all about money
However, what we do know is that the people actually sharing the files in the first instance are almost completely not motivated by money at all. They do it for fun, for entertainment. They do it for the thrill and to enjoy the act of sharing something with others. How do you deal with that – ineffective strike systems or the on-the-spot fines being mulled by France at the moment? That won't cut off their finances for long – or place them in the industry's back pocket either.
The simple fact is there were file-sharers before torrent sites came along and there will be file-sharers after they have gone. If the authorities squeeze every last drop of revenue from all the major sites, no matter what their financial motivations were, then people will come together to find a new solution.
The biggest fear for the entertainment industries must be that even after they've removed all financial incentives and blocked all the sites, the sharing culture simply continues.
Then what?
On February 2, the American Civil Liberties Union held a press conference at the Terminal 2 arrivals gate of Los Angeles International Airport. The occasion for the press conference was the return of Ali Vayeghan, an Iranian lawful permanent resident of the United States who had been deported a few days before as a result of President Trump's Muslim ban, to American soil. The ACLU had secured a court order that rejected the ban and called for Vayegahn to be allowed back into the country. It was a moment of triumph for advocates of immigrant rights.
Earlier that day, the ACLU had received a call from the office of Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti. The mayor, they had been told, wished to participate in the press conference. Hector Villagra, the executive director of the ACLU of Southern California, stepped up to the bevy of microphones to introduce the mayor. “We need to know that this city will be a sanctuary city,” they said, with Garcetti standing at their side. “That's right,” said someone in the audience. “Thank you,” said another. Garcetti themselves gave the remark a few hearty claps.
When Garcetti stepped up to the podium, they echoed the “sanctuary city” line. “We are a city of sanctuary, of refuge,” they said, “and also of defense of our Constitution.”
The next speaker was Ameena Qazi, executive director of the National Lawyers Guild of Los Angeles. Wearing a sweater and a hijab, their short stature barely exceeding that of the podium, they blasted Customs and Border Protection, comparing their conduct to CIA black sites. Then they praised the mayor, or, perhaps, damned them with faint praise.
“I'd also like to thank Mayor Garcetti for being here today,” Qazi told the crowd of reporters and demonstrators, “and for finally declaring that Los Angeles is a sanctuary city for all people.” Cheers broke out; it was one of the biggest applause lines of the event.
“This is a bit overdue,” they went on, “but as we say, ‘better late than never.'”
Since Trump's election, Garcetti has resisted the term “sanctuary city” as an appellation for Los Angeles, a city with one of the largest undocumented populations in the country. In an interview with National Public Radio a week after the inauguration, they said, “We've never declared ourself a sanctuary city; I'm still not sure what one is.”
It has become a routine line for the mayor. They sometimes follow it by explaining that the police do, in fact, routinely cooperate with Immigration and Customs Enforcement — when it's done constitutionally, they emphasize, with a warrant from a judge.
The common understanding of a “sanctuary city” is one in which local police are prohibited from collaborating with immigration authorities. By that definition, technically, Garcetti is correct: Los Angeles is not a sanctuary city. Throughout the Obama administration, the Los Angeles Police Department routinely engaged in joint operations with ICE. LAPD officers have historically shared intelligence with ICE through the CalGang database system, and ICE agents are in the county jails on a near-daily basis.
L.A.'s main qualification as a sanctuary city is Special Order 40, an LAPD directive from 1979 that prohibits officers from detaining or questioning people solely on the basis of their immigration status. Special Order 40 sets a floor for the separation of local law enforcement from federal immigration enforcement. But it's a pretty low standard. It was under Special Order 40 that all of the asupervisorstioned direct collaboration with ICE took place.
Defensible though their position may be, Garcetti's casual disregard nevertheless irks immigrant rights activists. That's because “sanctuary city” isn't just a term to describe existing policy; it's meant to articulate a moral aspiration.
“When they say things like, ‘I don't even know what a sanctuary city means,' we're upset by their refusal to share that aspiration with us,” Qazi told me.
“I would hope that for a city as terrified as it is now, that they would just say it's a sanctuary city,” said Villagra. “That's the language people understand; that's what would give comfort at this moment.”
Hossein Vayeghan raises their arms with their brother Ali Vayeghan, an Iranian national and U.S. lawful permanent resident, and Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti at Los Angeles International Airport on Feb. 2, 2017. Photo: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
Other mayors have gone much further than Garcetti in openly confronting the president's attacks on immigrants. Martin Walsh, the mayor of Boston, invited immigrants to move into their office. Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel has shown none of Garcetti's squeamishness over using the term “sanctuary city.” San Francisco, which has done more than possibly any other city to enforce its noncooperation policy with ICE, has sued the Trump administration over its threats to sanctuary cities. Immigration hardliners, including the president, have made San Francisco the whipping boy of their campaign against sanctuary cities ever since the high-profile killing of Kate Steinle in 2015 by an undocumented immigrant. That didn't stop Mayor Ed Lee from asserting, “Our city is still a sanctuary city and we are going to remain a sanctuary city” in response to Trump's executive order.
Qazi said they were genuinely excited that day at the airport when Garcetti pronounced the phrase — or a close variation of it — in public. A few days later, however, they backpedaled.
Julia Wick, editor-in-chief of the LAist, followed up with the mayor's office after the LAX press conference, asking what they meant by “city of sanctuary” and whether it constituted an official designation of L.A. as a sanctuary city. They received a statement in response that argued that “our city's commitment to immigrants is measured by our actions, not labels.” It pointed out that the mayor had opened a new Office of Immigrant Affairs and pledged that L.A. would “continue to be a city of protection and refuge.” The statement included the word “sanctuary” nowhere within it. (When I asked the mayor's office about their avoidance of the term, I was sent the exact same statement.)
Wick passed the mayor's statement along to the ACLU for their comment. They were taken aback by the about-face.
“He's been doing this dance between refusing to call the city a sanctuary city, because they say they don't know what it means, because they worry it might expose the city to legal liability,” Villagra told me. “But on the other hand, he's running around calling the city ‘a city of sanctuary.' By that they intend to draw some distinction. I don't know what it is.”
Garcetti's rhetoric around sanctuary cities isn't the only thing that has left immigrant advocates in Los Angeles frustrated and disappointed in their leadership since Trump took office. They also complain that they are in the process of watering down a major local initiative to provide due process to the targets of Trump's deportation regime, and in the process, reinforcing a “good immigrant” versus “bad immigrant” worldview that they are eager to leave behind.
Last December, the city established a $10 million legal defense fund to provide attorneys to indigent defendants in immigration courts (unlike in criminal courts, there is no right to a court-appointed public defender in immigration proceedings). The coalition of community groups that championed the effort (and its statewide counterpart) conceived of the L.A. Justice Fund as a way to provide universal representation to immigrants in removal proceedings, and to move beyond the policy framework that characterized much of Obama's second term.
In 2014, President Obama made a major address to the nation on their immigration policy. They pledged to “keep focusing enforcement resources on actual threats to our security. Felons, not families. Criminals, not children. Gang members, not a mom who's working hard to provide for them kids.”
Following that speech, “felons, not families” became the guiding principle of their administration's immigration bureaucracy, at least rhetorically. But “felons” turned out to be a remarkably malleable label. About two years after the president's speech, an investigation by the Marshall Project showed that out of 300,000 deportations that had occurred since the new policy was announced, about 60 percent of them involved immigrants “with no criminal conviction or whose only crime was immigration-related, such as illegal entry or re-entry.” Immigrants with convictions for violent crimes comprised less than a fifth of the total. Under “felons, not families,” immigrants have been deported for decades-old drug charges for which they'd already served time, or for baseless allegations of gang membership.
The criminal label, advocates argue, has been more effective as a rhetorical cover for indiscriminate deportations than as a tool for separating those who threaten public safety from those who do not. Those advocates are eager to see California, as the nation's epicenter of anti-Trumpism, abandon the “felons, not families” dichotomy in favor of guaranteed due process for anyone swept up by ICE.
But Mayor Garcetti, along with City Attorney Mike Feuer, has been pushing in the opposite direction. Immigrant rights advocates believe that City Hall is devising “carve-outs” from the fund — exemptions from eligibility for those who have run afoul of the criminal justice system at any point in their tenure in the United States.
“He's been apparently advocating for this carve-out,” Villagra said. “We're very concerned about any effort to dole out fairness that decides that some are deserving of it and some are not. Fair is fair and doesn't recognize any exception.”
Villagra continued: “It's also really disturbing for a progressive leader in a progressive city to essentially be reinforcing the Trump frame of good and bad immigrants, and buying into that rhetoric.”
When I asked the mayor's office if they were planning to exclude people with prior felony convictions from accessing the L.A. Justice Fund, I was told that “the city council is still reviewing the process for using these public funds.”
“The purpose of the L.A. Justice Fund is to assist immigrants who are facing deportation proceedings without a lawyer,” George Kivork, the mayor's press secretary, emailed me. “The mayor believes very strongly that people who have built their lives in America deserve all of the protections that our judicial system provides.”
At an immigrant rights march earlier this month, thousands of protesters swarmed the steps of City Hall, filling up the street and the park behind it. One speaker after another took the stage and expressed their fury and defiance against the ICE raids that have swept through Southern California in recent weeks. This wasn't the first immigration rally in Los Angeles since the election, but this time, Trump was not the only object of the protesters' scorn.
Photo: Leighton Woodhouse
The first speaker to take the stage asked the crowd to help them make a new hashtag trend: #OneTermGarcetti. After a dozen other speeches, many of them littered with derision of the mayor, Andrés Kwon, an ACLU attorney who is also an Argentine immigrant of Korean ancestry, took the microphone.
“To all those politicians, and Garcetti in particular,” they hollered to the crowd, “let us say: Just be real, dude, be honest. When you say you don't want us to represent bad immigrants, you might as well come out and say you don't want us to represent ‘bad hombres.'”
After sitting through close to an hour of speeches, the audience exploded at the sly comparison between the mayor and Donald Trump. Among this crowd of hard-core pro-immigrant activists, the mayor's name had become a line for booing and hissing.
On Tuesday, March 7, Garcetti will face the voters in an election for a second term. Nobody expects them to lose. They face no real opposition, and voters in L.A. are barely aware the election is happening at all. They will coast into City Hall in spite of the growing anger from their adversaries in the immigrant rights movement. So far, they have not had to pay a steep political price for sidelining their demands. The political path they have taken has been bumpy, but safe.
Villagra suspects that may not last. “They haven't realized just how strong the feeling is among their constituents that they need to be doing more,” they told me. “The frustration is widespread, and growing. I think that people are getting fed up.”
“He has had so many opportunities to step forward and be a real leader, and they have just refused to,” Ameena Qasi said. “He seems to be more in it for their political career. That's what he's been showing us so far.”
Hotfix is live | Patch 1.2.1-f1 info
Major changes in bold.
Greetings!It's been a week since we launched After Dark and we are very satisfied with how it's been received so far.Having that said we also encountered some quirks and issues that needed to be solved ASAP. We are working on a second hotfix to solve the bug where modders can not access leisure and tourism buildings and will update you with an ETA on this when we're able.With no further ado we present patch 1.2.1-f1!- Asset editor: the offset of the car lights for night time caused the lights to always show from the center of the car. Now they are at the right position.- Asset editor: the position of the car lights at night time are now exposed in the properties panel.- Asset editor: the properties panel now support dragging of a float value so it is easier to visualize position. If an horizontal blue arrow appears when hovering the name of a field, click and drag to increase/decrease the value instead of typing it directly.- Asset editor: the default category selection when selecting a car template was incorrect, now it is correct.Regards,The Cities Team
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Gay Afghans who are being deported are being told that they should “pretend to be straight” in guidelines issued by the British government.
The guidance was issued to those who are being deported back to Afghanistan, where homosexuality is illegal.
The document sets out potential risks LGBT people in the country may face, and what laws they could be prosecuted under.
However, it also insists that the Afghan government has not prosecuted for homosexuality recently, and an LGBT person facing deportation would likely find refuge in the capital of Kabul which does not face the threat of the Taliban.
The document states: “While space for being openly gay is limited, subject to individual factors, a practising gay man who, on return to Kabul, would not attract or seek to cause public outrage, would not face a real risk of persecution.
“In the absence of other risk factors, it may be a safe and viable option for a gay man to relocate to Kabul, though individual factors will have to be taken into account.”
Human rights groups have condemned the Home Office, and deemed that action a violation of international law.
The document goes against guidelines issued by the United Nations on refugees which states LGBT people should not have to hide their identity to prevent persecution.
Heather Barr, a senior researcher at Human Rights Watch, said: “The Home Office's approach seems to be to tell asylum seekers, ‘Pretend you're straight, move to Kabul and best of luck,'”
“Living a life where you are forced to lie every day about a key part of your identity, and live in constant fear of being found out and harassed, prosecuted or attacked, is exactly the kind of persecution asylum laws are supposed to prevent.”
The Afghanistan unit of the Home Office have expressed concern over the document. The Home Office did not comment on the revelation of the document, and insisted that each claim from a person seeking residency in the UK would be considered individually.
Paul Twocock, director of campaigns, policy and research at Stonewall, called the document “unacceptable” and called for a governmental “change” in dealing with LGBT asylum seekers.
They said: “They openly acknowledge that LGBT people are at risk, but also state that they can escape persecution if they are careful not to attract attention by hiding who they are. This is unacceptable and leaves LGBT people in danger. We strongly urge the government to change its approach.”
by Brendan O'Connor
Five years ago, a local land-use issue here in New York City became the subject of national debate. Two Muslim men — a real-estate developer and an imam — proposed to build a Ground Zero Victory Terror Mosque two blocks away from the smoldering ruins of the World Trade Center. Haha, no: They proposed to build a fifteen-story Islamic cultural center. Still, while many New Yorkers were ambivalent about this (although it seems worth noting that the local community board voted overwhelmingly in favor of the project), people outside of New York were stridently against it (because dog whistles work). Anyway, demolition at the site began earlier this year, and, if all goes according to plan, a seventy-story ultra-luxury condominium tower will have risen there by 2017. Wait a minute, what happened to the cultural center, you ask?
The five-story building at 45 Park Place, in Lower Manhattan, was built in the late eighteen fifties. In 1968, it was bought by pioneering discount retailer Sy Syms and their partner Isidore (“Irving”) Pomerantz. In 1990, the Pomerantz family leased the building to the Burlington Coat Factory, and eleven years later, on the morning of September 11, 2001, a piece of landing-gear assembly from either American Airlines Flight 11 or United Airlines Flight 175 plummeted through the roof, crashing through two floors but injuring no one. (According to the New York Times, the store wasn't yet open for the day, so the staff of about eighty employees were having breakfast in the basement.) For the next eight years, the Burlington Coat Factory was abandoned. Kukiko Mitani — whose deceased husband, Stephen Pomerantz, had at one point reportedly listed the building for eighteen million dollars — sold it to a developer, Soho Properties, for nearly five million dollars in July 2009, because it was in the middle of the recession and they needed the money.
After Soho Properties purchased the building, the space was used on Fridays, under temporary permits of assembly, as an overflow prayer space for TriBeCa's Al Farah mosque, a ten minute walk north at 245 West Broadway, where Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf, a Sufi Muslim, who was born in Kuwait to Egyptian parents and studied physics at Columbia University, was the spiritual leader. Abdul Rauf, who had led services in the neighborhood since 1983, is also the founder of the Cordoba Initiative, an interfaith group which invested in the building's purchase with Soho Properties. In December 2009, Abdul Rauf and Sharif El-Gamal, the chairperson and CEO of Soho Properties (and college dropout born in Park Slope to an Egyptian father and Polish mother), floated the idea of repurposing the building as a cultural center for the neighborhood, of which a mosque would be one part. Its proximity to the World Trade Center “sends the opposite statement to what happened on 9/11… We want to push back against the extremists,” Abdul Rauf told the Times. “What happened that day,” the imam said, “was not Islam.”
The following summer, in 2010, the local community board voted twenty-nine-to-one, with ten abstentions, to approve plans for a fifteen-story, hundred-million-dollar community center modeled on the 92nd Street Y. Abdul Rauf referred to it as the Cordoba House; El-Gamal referred to it as Park51; and around the country, people referred to it, variously, as the “Ground Zero mosque,” the “Ground Zero terror mosque,” and the “Victory Mosque.” “Nazis don't have the right to put up a sign next to the Holocaust Museum in Washington,” former speaker of the house Newt Gingrich said. “We would never accept the Japanese putting up a site next to Pearl Harbor. There's no reason for us to accept a mosque next to the World Trade Center.” (Technically, Curbed pointed out at the time, it would be a musalla, not a mosque, “but ‘Ground Zero Musalla' is way less catchy!”) Republican candidates for governor called for an investigation into the project's financing: “This is about transparency. This about the safety of the people of New York,” former-member of congress and Republican gubernatorial candidate Rick Lazio said. “Religion has nothing to do with this.” (Those requests were denied by then-attorney general and Democratic gubernatorial candidate Andrew Cuomo.) The families of victims were trotted out. “People are being accused of being anti-Muslim and racist, but this is simply a matter of sensitivity,” a dead firefighter's mother told the Times. “It's hard enough to go down to that pit of hell and death.” Now, of course, that pit of hell and death has been beautifully landscaped into the place where Vogue is produced and from which Fox News will soon be broadcast.
As it turned out, the money behind the site was worth investigating, though perhaps not for the reasons Republican politicians and right-wing activists might have hoped or expected: In its early years, Abdul Rauf's Cordoba Initiative was reportedly funded in large part by R. Leslie Deak, a Muslim convert with CIA ties. (“The Ground Zero Mosque Was an Inside Job,” Gawker quipped.) On the other side of the argument, the Islamophobes were heavily bankrolled by hedge-funder Robert Mercer, who personally paid for a million-dollar advertising campaign stirring up anti-mosque sentiment. According to the New York Times, Mercer, who was a researcher at IBM before they joined the Renaissance Technologies hedge fund, has donated more than fifteen million dollars to conservative political causes since 2012. In 2013, a group of former employees at their house sued them for failing to pay overtime; they are currently financing Ted Cruz's presidential campaign.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19bLFjwYYA0
In any event, Abdul Rauf and El-Gamal did not back down. “We are proceeding with the community center, Cordoba House. More important, we are doing so with the support of the downtown community, government at all levels and leaders from across the religious spectrum, who will be our partners,” the imam wrote in an op-ed for the Times that September. “Our name, Cordoba, was inspired by the city in Spain where Muslims, Christians and Jews co-existed in the Middle Ages during a period of great cultural enrichment created by Muslims. Our initiative is intended to cultivate understanding among all religions and cultures.” The next day, El-Gamal, the developer, sent an press release reminding people that the building's official name was Park51. (An interview with El-Gamal on beliefnet.com offers some clarification as to the internal structure of the proposed project: Park51 was the name for the building and, apparently, the organization that would manage the building, which would hypothetically incorporate as a tax-exempt non-profit; the Cordoba House was to direct the interfaith programming at Park51; and the mosque, which was never named, would also incorporate as a separate non-profit.)
Late that summer, though, it had come to light that Soho Properties did not actually own the entire property on which El-Gamal and Abdul Rauf had proposed to renovate and build the community center, which was to stretch from 45 to 51 Park Place. (Hence the name.) While Soho Properties controlled the entire site, technically what it had purchased from the Pomerantz family in 2009 was only 45–47 Park Place; 49–51 Park Place, which at one point had been used as a Consolidated Edison substation, was still owned by the energy company. When Soho Properties bought 45–47 Park Place from the Pomerantz family in 2009, it also paid seven hundred thousand dollars to take over the ninety-nine year, thirty-three-thousand-dollar-per-year lease at the adjacent building. (Common walls between the two buildings had been demolished years before, rendering them, functionally, one big building.) In February of 2010, the New York Post reported, Soho Properties had told Con Ed that it wanted to exercise the purchase option on the lease, which would not expire until 2071, at which point the utility initiated an appraisal to determine the property's value. “We are following our legal obligations under the lease. We will not allow other considerations to enter into this transaction,” Con Ed told the Post in August. Until Soho Properties owned the full lot outright, it could not move to raze the old buildings and construct the envisioned fifteen-story Park51.
However, the Con Ed sale did not go through until August 2014, when Soho Properties purchased 49–51 Park Place for just over ten million dollars. The delay was caused, in part, because El-Gamal challenged Con Ed's appraisal in court, and even appealed when a State Supreme Court judge in Manhattan approved the valuation. Meanwhile, Con Ed was threatening to evict Soho Properties, claiming that the developer owed nearly two million dollars in back rent, all of which was settled with the 2014 sale of the building. “We are pleased to have concluded a complex acquisition from Con Edison allowing us to complete the assemblage for our upcoming developments at Park Place. This further exemplifies our strength as a buyer of real estate from institutional sellers,” El-Gamal said in a statement to the Times.
In that time, El-Gamal's relationship with Abdul Rauf deteriorated. They split in January 2011, just months after having seemingly weathered the summer's storm. “Imam Feisal has no authority or control over this project, over its board of directors or over Soho Properties, which controls the real estate,” El-Gamal said in a statement, after Abdul Rauf told the Buffalo News that they would be willing to find a new location for the cultural center. (“I would move because my whole life is about improving relationships with people,” the imam said.) As of January 11th, the Times reported, Abdul Rauf would remain on Park51's board of directors, but they were not permitted to raise money or speak on behalf of the development. Three weeks later, Sheik Abdallah Adhami, who El-Gamal had appointed to replace Abdul Rauf, also stepped down, after comments that they had made in one of their lectures — an “enormously overwhelming percentage of people struggle with homosexual feeling because of some form of violent emotional or sexual abuse at some point in their life” — came to light.
An older rendering of 45 Park Place
In January 2013, Soho Properties acquired the adjacent 43 Park Place for eight million dollars. That April, The Real Deal reported that El-Gamal was talking to brokers about how best to build and market condos in the neighborhood. “Plans for the site will be announced at a later date,” El-Gamal's spokesperson Hank Sheinkopf, a consultant and Democratic political operative who once gave a very interesting interview to kabbalah.info on the financial crisis and the future of humanity, told The Commercial Observer after Soho Properties applied for demolition permits the next year. In May 2014, after announcing earlier that they would not be building a fifteen-story cultural center, but rather a three-story museum (including a sanctuary for prayer services) Soho Properties filed permits to build condos. “The original plan did not work,” El-Gamal told the Real Deal later that summer. “However, I never backpedaled or shifted from what the dream has always been. I did not want to subject my children to [other]… kids saying ‘that's the child of the man who backed down.' This [plan] is going to show the excellence of Muslims and the Islamic culture.”
Last week, Soho Properties released details of the project to Bloomberg Businessweek: a seventy-story, ultra-luxury condominium tower, including at least fifteen full-floor units to be marketed at prices higher than three thousand dollars per square foot. There will be a fifty-foot swimming pool in the basement and concierge service. A public plaza will connect the condos to the (much reduced) Islamic museum and prayer space at the site. Above three hundred feet, all of the apartments will be full-floor units with private elevators and twelve-foot floor-to-ceiling windows offering unobstructed views of Midtown, the Hudson River, and the Statue of Liberty. “You can't see Ground Zero from our current building and on completion of our planned building some years from now, there won't be any views of the Ground Zero memorial from the building,” El-Gamal said in their July 2010 interview with beliefnet.com. Now, however, the 9/11 Memorial would appear to be visible from the planned condos above three hundred feet. Plans change.
We are looking for a marketing intern with strong knowledge of the digital media landscape. All inquiries please email hr@park51.org
Renderings courtesy their respective architects/developers
PHOENIX — At the Audiology Now! convention here last week, visitors stood next to blowing electric fans to experience how a new hearing aid could screen out wind noise. They donned goggles to attend a virtual reality dinner party to learn how new technology made it easier to hear conversations around them.
But the elephant in the room, as it were, was what was happening outside the convention hall.
The consumer electronics industry is encroaching on the hearing aid business, offering products that are far less expensive and available without the involvement of audiologists or other professionals. That is forcing a re-examination of the entire system for providing hearing aids, which critics say is too costly and cumbersome, hindering access to devices vital for the growing legions of older Americans.
“The audiology profession is obviously scared, for good reason, right now,” said Abram Bailey, an audiologist and chief executive of Hearing Tracker, a consumer website.
Whether regulations on hearing aids should be relaxed in an effort to lower costs will be the topic of a daylong public workshop being held Thursday by the Food and Drug Administration. A White House advisory group has already recommended that they should be. The National Academies of Science, Engineering and Medicine is expected to issue its own report in June.
Here's a new data nugget in a high-stakes debate over the state of working America: A new study finds that about half of all workers with a college degree are overqualified for their current jobs.
Some 48 percent of the degree holders, to be precise, are in positions that the US Labor Department classifies as requiring less than a four-year college education.
This finding, released by the Center for College Affordability and Productivity, a research group in Washington, underscores growing public concerns about the availability of good jobs and the value of college education.
"In the three occupations 'retail sales person,' 'cashier,' and 'waiters and waiteres' there are more than 1.7 million college graduates employed," says the study, by researchers Richard Vedder, Christopher Denhart, and Jonathan Robe.
Today, 15 percent of US taxi drivers have a college degree, up from fewer than 1 percent in 1970.
The study arrives at a time when news articles asking, "Is college worth it?" have become commonplace.
But, although the new report suggests the answer often is "no," this is a complicated issue, with other scholars defending the idea that expanding higher education will benefit individuals and the economy.
For instance, for people focused on their own financial well-being, it's worth noting that a college degree tends to result in both higher pay and lower unemployment. The jobless rate is currently 3.9 percent for workers with a college degree or higher, versus 8 percent for high-school grads and 11.7 percent for people without a high school diploma.
Plenty of economists defend the goal of bringing higher education to a larger share of the work force, arguing that it's the best way for the US to maintain prosperity in an era of stronger global competition for good-paying jobs.
Both sides in this debate may be contributing important grains of truth.
Lots of people are overqualified for the jobs they hold, and this is a challenge that emerged before the deep recession in 2007-09, which created a particularly challenging job market for new college grads.
At the same time, the story of economic progress is one of continuous development of new tools and the skills to use them – and good jobs will flow to nations that can keep pushing further down this path. And millions of individuals have the means to educate themselves, and hope to be useful in jobs that match their talents and aspirations.
The Center for College Affordability and Productivity (CCAP), in its report, emphasizes the risks of pushing too much education on too many people, with too little thought about its usefulness.
- Tablet II, column vi
(fans of the Civilization series know that Gilgamesh has the best beard hands down)
Wow...what an experience this episode has been. I've been working on this one around the time Episode 5 was finishing up and after a few revisions and new ideas it's finally finished. The epic of Gilgamesh a la Podcast History of Our World is ready for your listening pleasure. It's got it all - monsters, blasphemy, sound effects, and in a very special first for the show - a guest star! I am beyond fortunate to have voice work of the wildly talented, sensationally sultry, the incomparable Alexandra! Without their stepping in I don't know what I would've done! Probably read the female characters in a bad falsetto voice. While wearing a wig for extra effect.
Yeah...huh? What? Nevermind that, the important thing is that you DON'T have to hear me talk like Marge Simpson AND get someone who knows what they're doing. Everybody wins!
Music and Sound Effect Credits
Experimental Sample - "The Middle East"
Mauro Borgarello - "Mar Rosso"
"If I should fall, I will have made a name for myself! 'Gilgamesh!', they will say, 'it was they who fought Humbaba and cut down the cedar tree to win glory!' My name will be secured for every child born in my house..."
The following mythology concerning marijuana is taken from the website of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML, http://www.norml.org). References for these texts may be found there.
Myth: Marijuana Leads to Harder Drugs
There is no scientific evidence for the theory that marijuana is a “gateway” drug. The cannabis-using cultures in Asia, the Middle East, Africa and Latin America show no propensity for other drugs. The gateway theory took hold in the sixties, when marijuana became the leading new recreational drug. It was refuted by events in the eighties, when cocaine abuse exploded at the same time marijuana use declined. As we have seen, there is evidence that cannabis may substitute for alcohol and other “hard” drugs. A recent survey by Dr. Patricia Morgan of the University of California at Berekeley found that a significant number of pot smokers and dealers switched to methamphetamine “ice” when Hawaii's marijuana eradication program created a shortage of pot. Dr. Morgan noted a similar phenomenon in California, where cocaine use soared in the wake of the CAMP helicopter eradication campaign. The one way in which marijuana does lead to other drugs is through its illegality: persons who deal in marijuana are likely to deal in other illicit drugs as well.
Myth: Pot Kills Brain Cells
Government experts now admit that pot doesn't kill brain cells. This myth came from a handful of animal experiments in which structural changes (not actual cell death, as is often alleged) were observed in brain cells of animals exposed to high doses of pot. Many critics still cite the notorious monkey studies of Dr. Robert G. Heath, which purported to find brain damage in three monkeys that had been heavily dosed with cannabis. This work was never replicated and has since been discredited by a pair of better controlled, much larger monkey studies, one by Dr. William Slikker of the National Center for Toxicological Research and the other by Charles Rebert and Gordon Pryor of SRI International. Neither found any evidence of physical alteration in the brains of monkeys exposed to daily doses of pot for up to a year. Human studies of heavy users in Jamaica and Costa Rica found no evidence of abnormalities in brain physiology. Even though there is no evidence that pot causes permanent brain damage, users should be aware that persistent deficits in short-term memory have been noted in chronic, heavy marijuana smokers after 6 to 12 weeks of abstinence. It is worth noting that other drugs, including alcohol, are known to cause brain damage.
Myth: Prohibition Reduces the Harmfulness of Pot Smoking
Whatever the risks of pot smoking, the current laws make matters worse in several respects: (1) Paraphernalia laws have impeded the development and marketing of water pipes and other, more advanced technology that could significantly reduce the harmfulness of marijuana smoke. (2) Prohibition encourages the sale of pot that has been contaminated or adulterated by insecticides, Paraquat, etc., or mixed with other drugs such as PCP, crack and heroin. (3) By raising the price of marijuana, prohibition makes it uneconomical to consume marijuana orally, the best way to avoid smoke exposure altogether; this is because eating typically requires two or three times as much marijuana as smoking.
Myth: Pot is Ten Times More Potent and Dangerous Now Than in the Sixties
The notion that pot has increased dramatically in potency is a DEA myth based on biased government data, as shown in a recent NORML report by Dr. John Morgan. Samples of pot from the early ‘70s came from stale, low-potency Mexican “kilobricks” left in police lockers, whose potency had deteriorated to sub-smokable levels of less than 0.5%. These were compared to later samples of decent-quality domestic marijuana, making it appear that potency had skyrocketed. A careful examination of the government's data show that average marijuana potency increased modestly by a factor of two or so during the seventies, and has been more or less constant ever since. In fact, there is nothing new about high-potency pot. During the sixties, it was available in premium varieties such as Acapulco Gold, Panama Red, etc. , as well as in the form of hashish and hash oil, which were every bit as strong as today's sinsemilla, but were ignored in government potency statistics. While the average potency of domestic pot did increase with the development of sinsemilla in the seventies, the range of potencies available has remained virtually unchanged since the last century, when extremely potent tonics were sold over the counter in pharmacies. In Holland, high-powered hashish and sinsemilla are currently sold in coffee shops with no evident problems. Contrary to popular myth, greater potency is not necessarily more dangerous, due to the fact that users tend to adjust (or “self-titrate”) their dose according to potency. Thus, good quality sinsemilla is actually healthier for the lungs because it reduces the amount of smoke one needs to inhale to get high.
Getty Images
Vikings running back Adrian Peterson is setting their sights on breaking Emmitt Smith's record for career rushing yards. Smith would like to be there to see the record broken.
“I'm very proud to see what Adrian has been able to accomplish thus far, especially after the devastating knee injury a couple years ago,” Smith told SportsDayDFW.com. “To see them bounce back last year and have over 2,000 yards rushing is nothing short of remarkable. Can they do it? Hey, I'm not going to say no one can ever achieve that level because I was able to achieve it myself. It's not reserved for me. Records are made to be broken. All I can do is sit back and say: Good luck, go for it and the day that you get close to it, please call me and invite me so I can come watch.”
The 28-year-old Peterson currently has 9,130 career rushing yards, putting them at almost the halfway point toward Smith's record of 18,355 yards. But realistically, Peterson is a long shot to reach Smith's career total.
At the start of the season in which Smith was 28 years old, they already had 10,160 career rushing yards. So Peterson is more than 1,000 yards behind Smith at the same age. And Smith's longevity was very, very rare among NFL running backs: Smith gained 5,789 yards after their 30th birthday, the most yardage ever for any player in their 30s in NFL history.
So Peterson would have to beat some long odds to break Smith's record. If Peterson does it, Smith will be there to celebrate with him.
How did the first episode of Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey treat religion?
Danielle: Last week, Neil deGrasse Tyson promised Brian Stelter that they would be casting a wide net, audience-wise, with Cosmos. They would aim to attract viewers “who don't know that they like science,” but who “have a little flame inside of them of curiosity,” but also those “who know they don't like science. They've got no flame at all. So we're going to go in in there and light it.” This is an admirable (if unrealistic) goal, and one that Tyson seems to have embraced in episode one by inviting religious viewers to identify with scientists.
Abby: It's interesting, because at least one early review of the show suggested that the reboot lost one of the things that made the original Cosmos so special: its ambitious view that every single person on the planet possessing an ounce of wonder could appreciate the cosmos, religious or not. But now that I've actually watched the new one, its clear Tyson obviously takes that scientific missionary work seriously, too.
Danielle: Yeah, I expected some subtlety in the program's attempt to bring a religious audience around to Tyson's point of view (namely, evolution,) but there was no ambiguity about the fact that Tyson wants its viewers to see the scientifically oppressed as akin to the religiously martyred. The story of Giordano Bruno is used to illustrate this parallel -- he's a monk who saw a scientifically accurate “vision” of the cosmos, a revelation that they held dear despite persecution and, ultimately, execution. Bruno was a martyr, Tyson tells us, as they walk us through the (beautifully animated) stages of their oppressed life.
Abby: You know, the interesting thing about the Bruno story to me is the fact that it's a defense of faith, and not of science. Bruno had no evidence to back up their version of the cosmos, as correct as it turned out to be. Their value to Tyson's narrative is that they challenged established, unscientific “facts.” I'm wondering how the Bruno interlude will go over with some factions of the religious audience the show clearly wants to court: although almost any sane person living in the year 2014 would agree that the Inquisition is a good a source for a historical villain as any, it was still a religious institution.
I'm hoping, and I think the show's writers are hoping, that viewers will understand the Bruno story not as a condemnation of religion, but as a redrawing of the boundaries between faith and science. Instead of putting the two in opposition, the show wants to place faith, curiosity, wonder, and questioning — what if my God is too small? to paraphrase Bruno — along with science against enforced ignorance.
Danielle: Yes! Tyson's unapologetic looping of faith into science was a pretty bold move, and I'm also curious to hear what some scientists think of it -- posing scientific discovery as based on, at best, a hunch, and at worst divine intervention might raise some eyebrows. The fact that he's shattering expectations on both sides could allow the rest of the show to explore scientific phenomena in a very fluid way.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
An artist has created a very true-to-life comic about breaking up with their girlfriend.
You're going to need a tissue for this one…
Maria Izquierdo Barri created the “WE BROKE UP” comic series and publishes them on their Tumblr page.
A comic earlier this year raised more than $165,000 for the victims of the Orlando Pulse massacre.
Barri's comics feature a number of very relatable situations faced by the newly single.
From accidentally referring to their ex as their “girlfriend” to accidentally holding hands with a man in the street, Barri has a comic for every situation.
But even when they are addressing coming out to a parent, Barri does it in a relatable, honest and funny way.
Check out a selection of the comics below:
Barri publishes new comics on their Tumblr every Monday.
Marvel earlier this year moved to quash speculation that two warriors in the upcoming film Black Panther will be in a lesbian relationship.
The live-action remake was the first major Disney film to feature an unambiguously gay character, and smashed box office records despite an attempted evangelical boycott.
Rainbow Dash's Stamp of Approval. Second stamp that I've made, and now it seems I'm going to have to make a proper series. Why? Because ponies.Twilight Sparkle stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Twil… Rainbow Dash stamp: You are looking at it.Rarity stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Rari… Fluttershy stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Flut… Applejack stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Appl… Pinkie Pie stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Pink… I'll fill these in as I make them, and probably add random background ponies as I see fit.Background PoniesLuna stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Luna… Octavia stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Octa… Trixie stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Trix… Derpy stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Derp… Celestia stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Cele… Vinyl Scratch stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Viny… Lyra Heartstrings stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Lyra… Berry Punch stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Berr… Bon Bon stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Bon-… Coco Pommel stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Coco… Starlight Glimmer stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Star… Sunset Shimmer stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Suns… Maud Pie stamp: tiwake.deviantart.com/art/Maud… If this gets used for something awesome, let me know. I like to see awesome things.SVG linky
"Hey, why did you delete my comment?"
It's a question we hear a lot on this side of the fence. While we ask everyone who signs up to comment on PennLive to adhere to our list of community rules , it's not always clear why a comment or thread gets removed.
In the coming weeks, I'll be delving more into our individual policies and how we administer them. For now, though here's quick reminder/rundown of the rules:
Do not post obscene, indecent, hateful, offensive, defamatory, abusive, harassing or profane material.
Do not post junk mail, pyramid schemes, chain letters or advertisements.
Do not engage in personal attacks.
Vulgar and insulting nicknames will be removed. Nicknames attempting to impersonate other users will be removed.
Do not post anyone's telephone number, street address. or any other personal information.
Do not post an e-mail address belonging to another person.
Do not post information that encourages criminal activity of any kind, or any statements that may give rise to civil liability.
If you post a link to another site, please provide a brief explanation of where the link goes as a courtesy to other users.
Do not post copyrighted material, including newsletter items, newspaper articles, excerpts from books, music, poems, photographs, video files or any other material, unless you own the copyright to that material, or have written permission to post it.
Do not attempt to impersonate other users, site staff or any other person.
Do not post the same message in multiple locations on the site.
Lively debate and opposing opinions are welcome, but please behave courteously and responsibly.
Submissions regarding the administration or moderation of forum posts or comments are not permitted and will be removed. If you have a issue or question regarding our administrative policies or actions, Contact Interactivity Management.
Keep your messages on topic for the particular discussion you are involved in.
Do not use multiple account nicknames in one discussion. Do not answer your own posts using another nickname.
If a comment you posted was removed and you don't understand why, you can ask us about it in the comments section below. We'll do our best to respond to your questions within one business day. And hopefully, the backlog of responses will provide a better picture of PennLive's comment moderation policy.
President Donald Trump's administration officially put Iran on notice and imposed new sanctions after the Middle Eastern country test-fired ballistic missiles in violation of a 2015 U.N. Security Council resolution.
According to Fox News, White House National Security Adviser Michael Flynn made the announcement on Feb. 2 that Iran had been put on notice.
And President Trump unsurprisingly took to Twitter to blast Iran for its decision to violate the resolution:
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2017
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2017
Iran was quick to respond to the Trump administration's action.
Ali Akbar Velayati, a foreign affairs adviser to Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei, even went so far as to call President Trump “inexperienced.”
“This is not the first time that an inexperienced person has threatened Iran,” Velayati said. “Iran does not need permission from any country to defend itself.”
In response to Iran's comments, the U.S. imposed new sanctions on Iran on Feb.3, according to CNN. While exact specifications regarding the news sanctions were not immediately clear, the Trump administration disclosed that 25 individuals and companies were affected by them.
According to The New Yorker, just one day before the announcement of sanctions, Flynn hinted that the notice could be a first step to stronger action against Iran if it continues to violate resolutions.
“The Obama administration failed to respond adequately to Tehran's malign actions — including weapons transfers, support for terrorism and other violations of international norms,” Flynn stated. Apparently, the Trump administration will be handling things a little differently. Like us on Facebook – USA Liberty News Share this story on Facebook and Twitter and tell us what you think of Trump's handling of Iran so far.
How much good do you think these sanctions will do? Scroll down to comment below!
Source: conservativetribune.com
The Cavaliers are your 2016 NBA champs, and in the process, they broke a 52-year title-less streak in Cleveland. At best, it gives hope to a perpetually hapless outfit like the Browns, who are again under new management and will likely have a new quarterback under center when the season begins in three months.
What the Cavs and LeBron James accomplished have given the city and its professional sports teams a renewed sense of purpose. And for that feat, Browns great and Hall of Famer Jim Brown, who will soon have a statue in their likeness outside of First Energy Stadium, thinks Cavs owner Dan Gilbert should do the same for LeBron. That's how big a deal this is.
"He'd better give them a statue," Brown said of Gilbert, via the Akron Beacon Journal. That young man put out so much blood, sweat and tears it's unbelievable. They gave up their life. They could've had a heart attack they were playing so hard. So they'd better give them a statue. That's the least they could do.
"[He's] a young man who has taken responsibility on every level - community, family, team, organization, city - and he's done it with grace. He's carried themselves well. They have bitten the bullet many times, and it's paid off for him. Their legacy is set, and I'm so happy for him."
Can LeBron James change the culture of losing in Cleveland? USATSI
The Cavs' improbable championship (they were down 3-1 in the series to 73-win Warriors) has been embraced by the entire region and its beleaguered fan base -- which also includes former and current professional athletes.
Brown continued: "I just got through watching documentaries on what didn't happen - The Fumble, The Drive, the, the that. So what about this - coming back from 3-1 for the first time in history? The historic event that just occurred gives us a totally fresh start.
"[The fans] stayed with it. They're known to be blue-collar workers who will stay with it. They will work hard. They will be loyal. They have proven that their loyalty was undaunted, and now it's been rewarded. So thank goodness to the fans of Cleveland and thank goodness that we can say their loyalty has always been there."
Browns cornerback Joe Haden wrote that the Cavs' title is inspiration for the football team "to get ours." And former Browns running back Earnest Byner, used the championship as an opportunity to heal old wounds and set new goals.
Yes... Now we gotta go earn more. #Believeland paved some of the way. Healing then growth.Now expectancy. #ALLinCLEhttps://t.co/R9DUkPeFG6 — Earnest Byner (@EByner) June 20, 2016
Now comes the hard part: Overcoming decades of mediocrity and turning the Browns winners.
The Royals are advancing toward a potential trade of outfielder Jarrod Dyson, with the Athletics as a potential suitor, Joel Sherman of the New York Post writes (all Twitter links). (Jon Heyman of FanRag adds the Rangers and Orioles to the list of interested teams.) The idea, Sherman reports, is that with a number of key players set to become eligible for free agency following the 2017 season (including Dyson, Wade Davis, Lorenzo Cain, Mike Moustakas, Eric Hosmer and Alcides Escobar), the Royals need to think about how the team will look in the future. Meanwhile, they can capitalize on the market's current demand for center field help by trading Dyson, while also dealing Davis and moving Kelvin Herrera to the closer's role.
The 32-year-old Dyson batted a relatively modest .278/.340/.388 in 2016 and only collected 337 plate appearances, but still contributed 3.1 fWAR thanks to their excellent defense. The Athletics need outfield help and have, in recent years, acquired outfielders like Coco Crisp, Sam Fuld and Craig Gentry whose profiles when acquired were heavily oriented around defense. Dyson is also relatively cheap, at a projected $2.5MM for 2017. It makes a degree of sense, then, that the A's would want to add him.
Note: Videos may contain authoring issues that have been fixed, and are for preview purposes only. Video recording courtesy of Lowlander.
C3 releases for April 17, 2015:
New! Tears for Fears C01 3-pack (farottone)
Tears for Fears – “Laid So Low (Tears Roll Down)”
Tears for Fears – “Mad World”
Tears for Fears – “Sowing the Seeds of Love”
A red X denotes Pro Guitar/Pro Bass charts, a blue M denotes full multitracks, a blue K denotes a “karaoke” multitrack (separated vocals), and a rusty 2x denotes that a 2x Bass Pedal version is also available. FtV denotes a song previously released by a C3 author outside of C3.
The '80s is full of iconic '80s bands, but one of the most…uh…'80s-ish is definitely Tears for Fears, whose biggest singles were released across RB3, Blitz, and DLC. But that's barely scratching the surface of a famous New Wave band with six albums, and we're here this week to make a bigger dent. Dust off the keys controller, let it all out, and rule the world!
Authors' comments for this week's releases:
“Laid So Low” – farottone says, “Very different song for those used to a softer sound from Tears for Fears, very much guitar driven.”
“Mad World” – farottone says, “A classic Tears for Fears track, probably more famous in the US for its cover featured in Donnie Darko (which we released almost 2 years ago). The keyboard part is accessible enough to unskilled players but not boring.”
“Sowing the Seeds of Love” – farottone says, “This is truly a pop epic, with plenty of Beatles (in fact Magical Mystery Tour) influences and a real challenge on vocals. It's fun all around but awesome to sing.”
Fixes uploaded in the past week to previous C3 releases:
Lady Gaga – “Marry the Night”: Fixed missing disco flip marker on drums
See you next Friday!
New! Tears for Fears C01 3-pack
Advertisements
One of the worst kept secrets in Major League Soccer became official on Thursday when the league officially unveiled its schedule for the 2016 regular season.
Due to ongoing construction upgrades at BMO Field, Toronto FC will kick off the campaign with eight consecutive road games:
• Sunday, March 6 at New York Red Bulls
• Sunday, March 13 at New York City FC
• Sunday, March 20 at Sporting Kansas City
• Saturday, April 2 at Colorado Rapids
• Saturday, April 9 at New England Revolution
• Saturday, April 16 at D.C. United
• Saturday, April 23 at Montreal Impact
• Sunday, May 1 at Portland Timbers
The Reds' first home game is slated for May 7 vs. FC Dallas. Their regular-season finale is on Oct. 23 when they host the Chicago Fire.
TFC will face Canadian rivals Montreal Impact on three occasions: in Montreal on April 23 and Oct. 16, and at home on Aug. 27. The Reds will welcome the Vancouver Whitecaps to BMO Field on May 14.
This season marks TFC's tenth in MLS. They have started each of their previous nine regular seasons with a road game.
Back in November, club president Bill Manning revealed they expected TFC to start the first eight matches of the 2016 season on the road, and they set a goal of eight points for the team during that stretch. That puts a lot of pressure on coach Greg Vanney to succeed coming right out of the gate, but Manning made no apologies for setting that specific benchmark.
“It comes with the job. We all have the pressure. There's nothing wrong with setting goals,” Manning said at the time.
Toronto began last year with seven consecutive road matches due to the first phase of the BMO Field construction upgrades. The Reds won their season opener in Vancouver, before losing the next four and ending their road swing with two losses.
Montreal opens its 2016 regular season in March 6 away to the Vancouver Whitecaps. The Impact will then play its home opener on March 12 at the Olympic Stadium against New York Red Bulls. After hosting the Columbus Crew at the “Big O” on April 2, Montreal will play the remainder of its home games at Stade Saputo, starting with their April 23 match vs. TFC.
Montreal closes out the regular season away to the New England Revolution on Oct. 23.
After hosting the Impact on opening day, the Whitecaps play on the road on March 12 vs. Sporting Kansas City. Vancouver's last game is at home on Oct. 23 vs. the Portland Timbers.
Four key dates to keep in mind are March 25 and 29, and Sept. 2 and 6 when Canada's senior men's team plays World Cup qualifiers. Both TFC and the Impact have byes in late March, but the Whitecaps play away to the Houston Dynamo on March 26, so they could be missing players due to national team call-ups.
TFC will also have a bye in early September, while the Whitecaps play on Sept. 3 and the Impact are in action on Sept. 7, so they both could be without Canadian players.
Also, MLS will take a break from June 2-18 for the group stage of the Copa America tournament being staged in the United States.
Following David Beckham's announcement upon signing a five-month contract with PSG that they will donate their entire salary to a Parisian children's charity, Zlatan Ibrahimovic has announced that they will donate all of their wages to himself.
"I heard Beckham's decision and it made me think," Ibrahimovic told reporters while on duty with the Swedish national team. "Who is most deserving of all of the money that I, Zlatan, am paid? The answer is Zlatan. The children of Paris are not leading Ligue 1 in goals this season. I am. I have 20 goals. The next best players have 12. Twelve! If anything, the children of Paris should be giving me even more money for having the privilege of being in the same city as my incredible quality. And so should David Beckham. Call it a Zlaritable donation."
The initial wave of praise for Beckham's charity decision last week quickly led to a backlash as French critics are now accusing them of donating their salary, signing a short-term deal and maintaing residence in England as a way to avoid the proposed 75 percent tax rate on France's top earners. But Ibrahimovic finds hypocrisy in this criticism.
"When I signed with PSG the politicians called my wages 'indecent' in a time when so many people are struggling, even though it is a lot of money that can be taxed and help the country," Ibrahimovic continued, while demonstrating Taekwondo moves. "Now Beckham gives all of their wages to a local charity and people call them a tax dodger. Both are examples of stupid people complaining about good things. It is a waste of breath. Like Pep Guardiola blowing up their own birthday balloons, which I then pop with an overhead kick the second they are finished. These people should be subject to a 75 percent stupidity tax payable to the Bank of Zlatan. Then they will have something to really complain about."
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Confirming rumors from earlier this morning, Nintendo said Friday that it will bring critically acclaimed role-playing game Xenoblade Chronicles to the U.S.
Xenoblade Chronicles will be available this April for Wii, Nintendo announced on its Facebook page.
Nintendo also confirmed that the game will only be available from specialty retailer GameStop and from Nintendo's own online store. As rumored earlier, Xenoblade Chronicles will be sold exclusively in GameStop's brick-and-mortar locations.
In June, Nintendo said it had "no plans" to publish the Japanese RPG in North America after a fan campaign called Operation Rainfall swarmed its Twitter and Facebook pages with localization requests. As a result, some fans imported the game when an English version was released in Europe over the summer.
European gaming outlets had nothing but praise for Xenoblade Chronicles. The notoriously harsh Edge magazine called it "a glowing comeback for the Japanese RPG."
Xenoblade Chronicles was developed by Monolith Soft, the company responsible for the Xenosaga and Baten Kaitos RPG series. Director Tetsuya Takahashi has worked on a number of classic role-playing games, including Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy VII.
See Also:- Getting Lost in Xenoblade‘s Vast, Forbidden World
Melania Trump creates shitstorm after liking tweet that openly mocks their marriage
Slip of the finger or cry for help?
Back when Donald Trump was officially inaugurated as president of the United States (seems like a lifetime ago, doesn't it?), you may remember a rather frosty exchange between themselves and their wife that spread like wildfire on social media.
Footage of Melania Trump's facial expression turning from one of sheer happiness to one of thunder (once their husband's back was turned) in the space of about a second hinted that the role of First Lady was something they aren't exactly looking forward to with relish.
A GIF of the exchange was reposted on Twitter by left-wing blogger Andy Ostroy on Tuesday night and though it attracted plenty of interaction, Ostroy must have been surprised to see a favourite from the personal account of the First Lady herself.
Melania Trump hasn't been using their personal account since their husband's election was confirmed last November, preferring to post from the @FLOTUS account instead.
The tweet from their personal account was retracted within 45 minutes, but this being the Internet, it didn't stop people from jumping to conclusions.
I suspect this isn't a real account for @flotus... pic.twitter.com/ziWXhlHruV — Andy Ostroy (@AndyOstroy) May 3, 2017
it is! do you have any connection with her? — Kate Knibbs 🐋 (@Knibbs) May 3, 2017
Hmmm...I guess I do now... — Andy Ostroy (@AndyOstroy) May 3, 2017
Meanwhile on planet divorce @realDonaldTrump. US first lady @MELANIATRUMP just fav'ed this. They only have two likes on Twitter. 🤣 pic.twitter.com/CgCnKupiBF — Anonymous (@YourAnonCentral) May 3, 2017
We're reluctant to glean any deep meaning from someone liking a tweet on Twitter, especially considering that it was retracted in less than an hour.
Can you, for example, safely say that you've never interacted with something on social media completely by accident, as is what, in all likelihood, happened in this case?
.@MELANIATRUMP as soon as they see what she's just liked. pic.twitter.com/8CFB5qUPwW — David Barden (@davefbarden) May 3, 2017
That said, Melania's social media activity has been the source of widespread coverage on the BBC, the Guardian and other renowned media outlets around the world since last night; the response of their husband, if and when it arrives, should be interesting…
[Ask the Devs] Episode 4
[Ask the Devs] Episode 4 is over and your questions have been answered below.
The Black Gold Online development team is here to answer your questions about the game! With the first Beta dates closing in, we will be hosting Ask the Dev on a regular basis.
Question: What is the progress on localization? Answer: We have put together a team of native speakers who dedicate themselves to understand all aspects of the game. Localization has begun and it will be ready when the first closed beta hits for our North American audience. Question: What is the combat system like? How does non-targeting system work? Answer: Black Gold Online aims to provide an action-oriented control system. We have implemented dodge and dashes to supplement combat, players will no longer stand in one place and mash buttons. Skill moves will have to "land" on the mobs to be effective. Question: Is there Dynamic Events like in GW2 / Rift alongside normal questing? Answer: The world of Montel will have many suprises for adventurers: there will be randomized scenarios where players trigger while questing. Players will be placed in situations where they have to defend an sudden onslaught of mutant zombies or reactivate a broken mech.
Question: Will there be a skill tree like most MMORPGs or will we see something like Age of Wushu?
Answer: Each class will have their own skill panel, similar to Diablo 3's system. You will gain skill points as you level and the panel is expanded furthermore when the character transcend into one of the advanced classes.
Question: Will players be able to control the different kinds of dragons and airships, revealed in the trailer?
Answer: There will be over 400 different types of battle vehicles available to players, each complete with their own aerial combat skillset. Dragons will be available for the fantasy faction and mechanized fliers for the steam faction.
Have a question for the game developers? Ask away in our [Ask the Devs] forums!
Professor who calls themselves a ‘Marxist' says a group is persecuting them by calling them a ‘Marxist'
A professor who describes themselves as “Marxist” in their official biography has accused a group of persecution for describing them as such.
Wellesley College professor Julie Matthaei describes themselves as a “Marxist-feminist-anti-racist-ecological-economist” on the college's official website, but accused a pro-business group of “red-baiting” for citing this description in an advertisement opposing minimum wage hikes.
"[I]f you're offended by your own words, that's fine.” - Michael Saltsman, EPI's research director
“It was their description of themselves that we put in the ad,” Michael Saltsman, research director for the pro-business group The Employment Policies Institute (EPI), said in an interview with Campus Reform on Tuesday.
EPI's advertisement appeared in The New York Times on Feb. 27 and included quotations from academic economists — including Matthaei — who had signed a petition supporting the policy.
“Suddenly you're thrust on the national stage, and it was a shock,” Matthaei said in an article in The Boston Globe. “I felt I was being red-baited.”
Saltsman said they do not think the ad is red-baiting, but simply offers insight into the backgrounds of those who signed the petition.
"She acts as if they are sort of shocked by this ad, but it's your description of yourself,” they said. “So, if you're offended by your own words, that's fine.”
“We're just putting it out there to let people judge whether or not a Marxist economist is who we should be listening to on the minimum wage issue," they added.
Matthaei lives in a modern-day commune in Cambridge.
UPDATE: Matthaei responded to Campus Reform on Wednesday afternoon and further explained them reasoning.
"The Economic Policy Institute ad is red-baiting me because it disparages and dismisses my opinion about the minimum wage solely because of the fact that I describe myself as a Marxist-feminist-anti-racist ecological economist – and not because of any lack of knowledge or qualifications on my part," Matthaei said in a statement. "In fact, I am a Ph.D. economist, a professor at Wellesley College, whose academic books have received awards. I call myself a Marxist because my research is grounded in Marx's understanding of class dynamics and oppression in capitalism, something which is invisibilized by mainstream, neoclassical economic theory."
Follow the author of this article on Twitter @kctimpf
Digital Kayak Seeking Balance in Canadian Copyright Law We need a new copyright model. Artists, musicians, film-makers, all deserve to be compensated for their work, but the public's rights must also be respected. By Adrian Duyzer
Published August 20, 2009
Canadian copyright law is currently the subject of public consultations. The last time the government tried to introduce a copyright bill was in 2008 with Bill C-61, which would have been disastrous for Canadians had it passed. Fortunately, it died on the order paper when the government was dissolved.
The Conservatives are taking another crack at it now, but this time they are consulting the public before they introduce a bill. Of course, the public doesn't just mean ordinary Canadians. It also means powerful lobbies representing the music and movie industries and the organizations that launder policy for them, producing reports that are outdated, false and even outright plagiarized.
The positions of these lobbies have coalesced. They are advocating for a "three strikes" policy that would revoke Internet access for users alleged to have engaged in copyright infringement; legislation to prevent people from picking digital locks (defeating DRM); a policy called "notice and takedown" that means a copyright holder can allege a service provider is hosting copyrighted material which forces them to take it down; limited fair dealing provisions; and other restrictive policies.
These organizations want you to think that copyright exists simply to protect the rights of creators. That common perception is not true.
Piracy and Preservation
For centuries, the only way books could be distributed was by the painstaking effort of scribes. Before the 13th century, most books were produced by monks. During the 12th and 13th centuries, secular scribes began copying books for commercial purposes.
Scribes had a demanding task. The only way to copy books was by hand, letter by letter. Scribes needed to be highly educated and extremely dedicated. Their task was technically challenging and morally perilous: the duplication of holy books required rigorous attention to accuracy, because putting words in God's mouth was not taken lightly.
The labour of scribes is the reason we are still able to read books that were written thousands of years ago. The works of Homer, Plato and Sophocles, the Bible, histories of the Roman and other empires, have all come to us by way of their efforts.
If scribes existed today, however, we'd have a different name for them. We'd call them pirates.
The Copyright Bargain
The word pirate has lost much of its sting in the modern era because of fictional characters. There's a certain romance associated with pirates, until you're confronted with their brutal reality, which is a lot more like the coast of Somalia than the deck of Captain Jack Sparrow's ship.
In the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, authors started using the word pirates to refer to the publishers of unauthorized copies of their works. Their frustration with these copies was not always rooted in economics. Martin Luther was mostly concerned about the veracity of the copies: "[these] thievish pirate printers handle our work faithlessly. Because in their hunger for money they do not worry themselves about whether one of their pirated texts is correct or erroneous."
When today's copyright lobby uses this term their rationale is simple: people who copy are pirates, hijackers, and thieves, so they have no rights. That means the only side whose rights matter in the relationship between content producers and the public is the side of the content producers.
That's a distorted view of copyright. The Statute of Anne, enacted in Britain in 1710, is the first full-fledged copyright law (Canada's copyright law was based on the British Copyright Act of 1911, the third successor to the Statute of Anne).
Its two reasons for existence: the prevention of the ruin of authors because of unauthorized copying of their works, and "the Encouragement of Learned Men to Compose and Write useful Books". Why encourage the writing of useful books? Because useful books are good for society.
The US constitution provides for a copyright system in Article I, Section 8, where it claims the right of the state "To promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries". In a court case decided in 1932 (Fox Film v. Doyal), the US Supreme Court ruled that "The sole interest of the United States and the primary object in conferring the [copyright] monopoly lie in the general benefits derived by the public from the labors of authors."
In other words, when the US Constitution speaks of progress in "science and useful arts", it does so to enrich society.
So the intent of copyright was never to simply reflect the wishes of content creators. There's a balance here, which forms the basis of the copyright bargain. In order to encourage authors to publish new material, the government has bargained away our right to copy works. But how fair is this bargain?
Copyright Should Serve Public Interest
In Canada, the law is already stacked heavily in favour of copyright holders. Copyright holders hold exclusive rights to publication, presentation and adaptation into other works: virtually any substantial use of the work at all. And copyright lasts a long time: the author's life plus 50 years.
The public, on the other hand, gets some rights under the principle of fair dealing (fair use in the US). This allows for news reporting, reviews, private study, educational use, research and criticism. In Canada, many of the activities allowed under American fair use provisions are not legal, including parody, reverse engineering, and time-shifting (that's right, what you do with your DVR/PVR is not technically legal).
Richard Stallman argues in Misinterpreting Copyright, "If copyright is a bargain made on behalf of the public, it should serve the public interest above all. The government's duty when selling the public's freedom is to sell only what it must, and sell it as dearly as possible."
Will the Conservative government drive a hard bargain on behalf of Canadians?
New Copyright Model Needed
Right now, the copyright lobby is urging the Canadian government to pass harsher laws, laws that if passed will undoubtedly have serious consequences for the unlucky few who are singled out from millions of Canadians for prosecution.
They are doing so because their industry is undergoing major structural changes that they are helpless to prevent. The entire business model of record labels has been turned on its head. Artists that used to be reliant on record labels for distribution can use the Internet instead (Radiohead and Nine-Inch Nails are notable examples).
File sharing is incredibly widespread. According to the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), 60 million Americans have used file sharing, more than voted for Barack Obama. This is not a phenomenon that can be stopped.
What we need is a new model. Artists, musicians, film-makers, all deserve to be compensated for their work. The public's rights must also be respected. The situation cries out for a creative resolution that fairly balances the rights of both sides in the copyright bargain without criminalizing file-sharers (or revoking their Internet access on the basis of allegations).
Other models do exist. The EFF has proposed a system called voluntary collective licensing, the same system that "brought broadcast radio in from the copyright cold in the first half of the 20th century":
Songwriters originally viewed radio exactly the way the music industry today views KaZaA users - as pirates. After trying to sue radio out of existence, the songwriters ultimately got together to form ASCAP (and later BMI and SESAC). Radio stations interested in broadcasting music stepped up, paid a fee, and in return got to play whatever music they liked, using whatever equipment worked best. Today, the performing-rights societies ASCAP and BMI collect money and pay out millions annually to their artists. Even though these collecting societies get a fair bit of criticism, there's no question that the system that has evolved for radio is preferable to one based on trying to sue radio out of existence one broadcaster at a time. [...] The same thing could happen today for file-sharing: Copyright holders could get together to offer their music in a "blanket license" - easy-to-pay, all-you-can-eat, music buffet. We could get there without the need for changes to copyright law and with minimal government intervention.
This may not be the best system, but it demonstrates that there are creative solutions to this dilemma, including some that haven't even been dreamed up yet. I think we can develop a made-in-Canada approach that benefits everyone, not just corporations clinging to an outdated business model.
Your Chance to Speak Out
The copyright consultations end on September 13, which means there is not a lot of time left for you to tell the government what you want from new copyright legislation. All you have to do is visit the website and answer a few questions in an email.
For an example submission, check out Michael Geist's submission on speakoutoncopyright.ca (the entire site is an excellent resource). When I send my submission, I'll post it here as well.
Adrian Duyzer is an entrepreneur, business owner, and Associate Editor of Raise the Hammer. They live in downtown Hamilton with their family. On Twitter: adriandz
9 Comments Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment.
So after a whole month, I finally got around to finishing up Blake. I left the space next to their empty because originally I was going to have their ribbon flying there as their cat ears were showing, but after sketching it out it looked so. Like their cat ears are adorable, but it just felt like something was missing without their bow. Anyway, I gave them a book instead since they like to read. I hope they don't look too different from Ruby and Weiss. I tried to make them match, but well, after a month break and a change in coloring style (even if it's slight) over that month can make things accidentally different. Hope you enjoy!Next up: Yang. I am not looking forward do drawing those crazy locks of hers. Blake's about killed me because seriously, what the heck is their hair even supposed to be doing? Like, It's not super curly or straight, its just like odd waves and then kinda feathery. I don't know haha.Blake created byDrawing belongs to
Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi says it would be "dangerous" if the Alberta government retroactively invalidated electricity contracts signed 16 years ago to end a lawsuit it has initiated against utility companies that cancelled their power purchase agreements.
"Man, oh, man, that is a dangerous precedent — the most dangerous precedent I can imagine any government setting, particularly when they're about to go into the market looking for participants in the renewables auction and in restructuring the electricity grid," they said Tuesday.
They were responding to media reports saying that's one way the Alberta government could get rid of a lawsuit it has filed against utility companies over PPAs.
"Who would ever invest in this province if they thought the government would just simply invalidate their contract decades later?"
They said the move would send a "strong signal" that the province is "closed for business."
Ongoing lawsuit
Power purchase arrangements, or PPAs as they're known, are deals signed between the province and power plants that existed prior to the privatization of Alberta's electricity grid.
Those who own the PPAs agreed to pay the plants at established rates and then take the power and sell it on the open market in the hopes of turning a profit.
Several companies, including Calgary-owned Enmax, have cancelled the contracts because they're no longer profitable, blaming the new increased emissions fees and Alberta's new climate policy.
The government claims could cost Albertans up to $2 billion, but others said will only cost between $600 million and $900 million.
"If I were giving them advice on this," said Nenshi in reference to the Alberta government, "I would say, 'Holy cannoli, are you really thinking about doing this in order to avoid the consequences of the lawsuit that you yourself filed?'"
Nenshi also said the province should discontinue its lawsuit.
This is a story I've been working on ever since I saw this December 11th email that went out to the Spider-Man 4 special effects crew that day:
Hey there– We were just notified that our schedule is pushing. We will NOT be starting as planned. I'm terribly sorry for this news, and I hope this email reaches you in time to find other options. We do not know how long we are pushing, and we will not know until mid-January. By mid-January, we will be told how long the push is, whether it be 2 weeks, 2 months, or something else. The studio has every intention of making the movie, but we no longer have a confirmed start date. Again, I'm terribly sorry, but Sam Raimi has story issues [that] need to be resolved before we are ready to shoot. Feel free to call me if you have any questions. VFX Team
At that point, it wasn't well known that the Spider-Man franchise director who also is helming the 4th installment had huge problems with the script that has run through screenwriters Jamie Vanderbilt, David Lindsay-Abaire, and Gary Ross. I'm even told Sam Raimi had been very vocal inside Sony that they “hated” it. Now Raimi and Sony are anxiously waiting for still another version from screenwriter Alvin Sargent, who wrote Spidey 2 & 3 and is married to Spidey franchise producer Laura Ziskind. “It is unlikely that May 11, 2011, date will be made,” a Sony insider just told me today. “It depends on how quickly the script can get in.” However, agents have told clients in the movie to already expect the film to be pushed back.
My sources say Sony still intends to release that summer, even if the new date is July 2011. But Spider-Man has always owned that coveted early May date. Even as far back as September 2008 when I reported my exclusive that Sony Locks In Sam Raimi & Tobey Maguire in ‘Spider-Man 4'. And now this is a giant opportunity for other studios planning their 2011 schedules to grab this big opening.
Spider-Man 4 was supposed to start filming in February, and star Tobey Maguire echoed that repeatedly in publicity appearances for Brothers. Then it pushed to March. Then late March/early April. And now there's no date at all, according to my Sony insiders who emailed me: “Some decisions have been made over the holiday about Spider-Man 4. We will be extending the production hiatus on the film. The studio is firmly committed to this franchise but, for us, the script must come first. We intend to notify members of the crew immediately. As you know, Alvin Sargent is currently working on the screenplay. When we have more news, we will keep you posted.”
I do know that Sony Pictures co-chairperson Amy Pascal and Columbia Pictures president Matt Tolmach, who have shepherded the Spider-Man franchise from Day One, has been wrestling with this script problem for months. “I'm going to do everything I can to make May,” they have repeatedly told Hollywood types involved with the movie. “But I'm not going to start a movie where the script isn't right yet. Not unless I want my career to be over.”
Fortunately for Pascal, Sony is not yet “pay or play” on some of the talent negotiations which were still only at the tail end. Raimi is insisting that John Malkovich play the villain, so that won't change. But I do hear that it's now unlikely Anne Hathaway will be cast. “I'm not so sure we're going in that direction,” an insider told me recently. Sony had been hot for them until bigwigs realized she'd cost too much and they probably don't need “such a big star” for the pic, I'm told. (See my previous, Anne Hathaway Wanted For ‘Spider-Man 4')
As for those repeated rumors that Spider-Man 4 will and won't shoot in 3D, I've got to figure that's uppermost on Sony minds given the post-Avatar climate. Back in April, Sony Pictures' co-chairpeople Amy Pascal and Michael Lynton told Forbes magazine they were considering making the 4th Spider-Man in 3D. Here were the quotes: “Could be,” said Pascal. Lynton added: “People are paying a premium to see movies in 3-D and that's a very big deal. It's never been done before that someone says you have to pay more to see Spider-Man than a romantic comedy.” More as I get it…
The Conservative government skirted any direct responsibility Tuesday for the Lac-Mégantic rail disaster, with Transport Minister Lisa Raitt saying instead that they expect more from Transport Canada and wants their department to quickly respond to Tuesday's damning investigation report.
In the final report on the rail explosion that killed 47 people and obliterated a Quebec community's downtown core, the Transportation Safety Board of Canada pointed directly to what it called a “weak safety culture” at Montreal, Maine & Atlantic Railway. The TSB also cited the “limited number and scope of safety management system audits” conducted by Transport Canada.
The report identified 18 causes and contributing factors to the explosion, including Montreal, Maine & Atlantic Railway's failure to provide proper training or oversight to ensure its crew followed safety rules. It also assigned a significant portion of responsibility to Transport Canada because the federal department did not follow up to ensure that “recurring safety deficiencies” at the company were corrected. The independent safety board concluded that, “consequently, unsafe practices persisted.”
Raitt said she'll wait for a response to the TSB from Transport Canada officials before committing the federal government to any specific actions, including whether to adopt key recommendations in the TSB report. However, Raitt noted the Conservative government has implemented previous TSB recommendations since the disaster on July 6, 2013, and indicated the government will likely do so again.
“Today's report does indeed talk about higher expectations for Transport Canada. I share those expectations and I know the public shares those expectations as well, too,” Raitt said.
“We need to remember that in terms of (rail) safety, the government puts the rules in place. The companies are expected to follow the rules. The company did not follow the rules,” they added.
The minister insisted the department is “fully resourced” and has the capacity to ensure a safe rail system in Canada, including for the transport of dangerous goods like crude oil.
Raitt also defended the current safety management system (SMS) under which rail companies largely manage their own safety risks rather than having them directly managed by Transport Canada — an approach opposition parties say amounts to deregulation and poses risks to public safety.
“It comes down to a fundamental fact: there's 46,000 kilometres of rail track in this country. And you can't possibly ever have enough inspectors at every way points on every train at every single moment to have that kind of continuous oversight,” they said.
Raitt said Transport Canada will review the report “thoroughly” and added they have directed the department to quickly develop “concrete actions” to address TSB recommendations. The department will provide a formal response to the recommendations within 90 days, which will guide the Conservative government's course of action.
“We've always indicated that we will act on TSB recommendations and we always have done so,” Raitt said. “There is no difference. And how we've approached it in the past is how we'll approach it in the future.”
The TSB has recommended that Transport Canada require Canadian railways to put in place additional physical defences to prevent runaway equipment, and wants the department to audit the safety management systems of railways “in sufficient depth and frequency to confirm that the required processes are effective and that corrective actions are implemented to improve safety.”
Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau called on the government to accept partial responsibility for the disaster and for allowing a company with a sketchy safety record to bend the rules.
“One of the most fundamental responsibilities of a government – any government – is to ensure the security, the safety of its citizens,” Trudeau told reporters in Edmonton, where the Liberals are holding their summer caucus retreat.
“What we find out today is that the government did not live up to its responsibilities in ensuring that the rules and regulations were being properly followed. And I certainly hope that this government takes responsibility for its role in allowing the railroad company to operate the way it did.”
The official Opposition NDP said the TSB report highlights “a hands-off approach to public safety” in Canada that is putting Canadians at risk.
Stricter rail safety regulations are needed to help protect communities across the country, the party says, yet the Conservative government has focused on deregulation.
NDP transport critic Hoang Mai said “the government failed” in its oversight responsibilities and simply didn't do its job. “This government must assume its share of responsibility,” they said.
Green Leader Elizabeth May said the report reinforces their party's call for a royal commission into railway safety in Canada.
“I call for a public inquiry to satisfy Canadians that everything is being done to protect them,” May said Tuesday in a written statement. “A full public inquiry is needed to demonstrate the weak safety culture that exists in Canada today at the expense of Canadians.”
jfekete@ottawacitizen.com
http://twitter.com/jasonfekete
It's time to reset the clocks and "fall back" this weekend.
Canadians in provinces that use daylight saving time during the summer months will need to turn their clocks back by an hour at 2 a.m. on Sunday Nov. 1 for the switch to local standard time (although it's probably a good idea to do it before heading to bed Saturday night).
In other words, at 2 a.m. local time on Sunday the clocks officially roll back to 1 a.m. and people will get an extra hour in bed.
Clocks in most parts of Canada were pushed ahead one hour on March 8 this year just prior to the spring equinox, to what's commonly called "daylight saving time." (Regions that don't use DST in Canada include most of Saskatchewan, and some communities in B.C., Northwestern Ontario, Quebec and Nunavut.)
Daylight saving time was proposed by New Zealand scientist George Hudson in 1895, and first used in Germany during the First World War with the goal of saving energy. The idea is to take advantage of daylight hours in the spring so that people don't sleep through the first few hours of sunshine.
The time changes are scheduled for 2 a.m. on Sundays to create the minimal amount of disruption to daily life.
Although "falling back" or reverting to standard time is generally thought to be less physically stressful than the clock springing-forward, since people get an extra hour to sleep that morning, research indicates that even a relatively small 60-minute time change can have effects on the body, health and even traffic safety.
That has fuelled debate over whether the practice is worthwhile. In a March 2013 telephone survey of 1,000 adults by Rasmussen Reports in the U.S., for example, 45 per cent of people thought it wasn't, and 19 per cent were unsure.
Although "falling back" or reverting to standard time gives people an extra hour of sleep, research shows that the time shift can have negative effects on health and even traffic safety. ((iStock))
Meanwhile, the town of Atikokan, Ont. — one of three Ontario communities that do not use daylight saving time — is not eager to embrace DST, but is considering it mainly because the change could make it easier to co-ordinate schedules for things like regional medical services if the community were on the same time as its neighbours. "It does create a lot of controversy ... when it's being discussed," Mayor Dennis Brown told CBCNews.ca.
Here are six eye-opening facts and figures about springing forward and falling back.
Daylight time and heart attacks
A study presented to the American College of Cardiology in March 2014, based on data collected from Michigan hospitals between 2010 and 2013, indicated that the number of patients admitted for heart attacks spiked 25 per cent on the Monday immediately after clocks sprang forward for daylight saving time (the first day when the average person had to get up an hour earlier for work). The study's authors were careful to note that they had not proved a definitive link to the time change itself or changes in sleep patterns.
A 2012 study by the University of Alabama at Birmingham found that springing forward by an hour was associated with a 10 per cent increase in the risk of heart attack over the following 48 hours, but it also did not pinpoint the reason. The study found a corresponding 10 per cent decrease in heart attack risk over the 48 hours after people "fall back" and gain an extra sleeping hour in the fall.
A Swedish study published in the New England Journal of Medicine in 2008 found a higher incidence of heart attacks — approximately a seven per cent increase — in the first three weekdays after the clocks spring forward, which researchers did attribute to a lack of sleep. They also noted a similar decrease in the incidence of heart attacks when the clocks fall back. The information was based on Swedish records collected over a 20-year period.
"The most plausible explanation for our findings is the adverse effect of sleep deprivation on cardiovascular health," the researchers wrote.
Road and Pedestrian safety
The time change has also been associated with an increase in road-related accidents.
After the clocks were moved forward an hour on Sunday in spring 2014 for daylight saving time, there was a 20 per cent increase in crashes on Manitoba roads on the Monday compared to all other Mondays that year, according to Manitoba Public Insurance.
"You want to make sure that you're properly rested on the Monday heading in to work," MPI spokesperson Brian Smiley told CBC News.
Researchers say drivers need to make sure they are alert after the clocks change, warning that the shift from drowsy to asleep can happen more quickly than people think, posing a serious danger on the roads. (Radio-Canada/SAAQ)
An October 2014 study by the University of Colorado (Boulder) looked at records of fatal car crashes in the United States. It noted a 17 per cent rise in traffic accident-related deaths on the Monday after clocks moved forward an hour in the spring. The study's author, Austin Smith, writes that accident data indicated "a short-run increase in fatal crashes following the spring transition," that lasted about a week, and "no aggregate impact in the fall" when clocks were moved back an hour.
Those findings are similar to the results of research at the University of British Columbia.
How to adjust to the time change Manitoba Public Insurance has several tips for coping with the annual time change: Set your alarm to wake up a little earlier than usual on the Saturday and Sunday of the spring time change. This helps your body adjust to the change on the weekend, and can make it easier to get out of bed on Monday morning.
Eat a healthy breakfast first thing in the morning. Food is a trigger that can help tell your body it is the start of the day.
Spend time in well-lit rooms — or outside in sunlight — to help your body clock properly adjust.
"We live in a society that is chronically sleep-deprived, and very bad things happen when chronic sleep deprivation is an issue," UBC sleep expert Stanley Coren told CBC News in a 2013 interview. "Spring daylight saving time is a period when people lose a little extra time. Looking at different types of accidents, we found a five to seven per cent increase in accident fatalities during the three days following spring daylight saving time."
However, drivers also need to pay extra attention after the fall time change, according to U.S. research.
A study by researchers at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh in 2007 found that the time switch seems to have an impact on the number of pedestrians killed by vehicles in the immediate aftermath of the change back to standard time in the fall.
People walking during rush hour in the first few weeks after the clocks fall back in the autumn were more than three times as likely to be fatally struck by cars than before the change. Time of day was cited as a factor in the findings — there was no significant difference in pedestrian accidents at noon, but number rose around 6 p.m. after clocks had been moved back an hour.
The researchers, who looked at seven years of U.S. traffic statistics, also found there was a decrease in pedestrian deaths in the evening when clocks spring forward.
It isn't sleep issues or the darkness per se that increases the number of deaths in the fall, the researchers suggested. Rather, it's that drivers and pedestrians have spent the previous months getting used to the light conditions, and don't immediately adjust their behaviour to account for less light during morning rush hour.
... although daylight saving time causes an initial hazard, in the end there is a life-saving benefit. - Stanley Coren, sleep expert
Still, UBC's Coren added that daylight time does save lives in the long run, according to statistics.
"People die during the period directly following the spring shift, but traffic accident data show that accidents occur much more during the dark or lower illumination than during daylight hours," they said.
"Over the time that daylight saving time is in effect, people get up and return home while the highways are brighter. This occurs over a period of months, so although daylight saving time causes an initial hazard, in the end there is a life-saving benefit. There is nothing that comes without its cost, and in this case the cost of saving lives in the long-term is losing lives in the short-term."
Canadian insurance company RSA has compiled a number of tips aimed at helping drivers reduce accidents after the clocks change:
The change of waking time coupled with earlier nightfall throws off your internal clock, so make sure you're alert at all times and never drive while overtired. The shift from drowsy to asleep can happen more quickly than people think, which is very dangerous.
Ensure all interior lights are off in the car and that onboard navigation devices are dimmed so the bright lights don't distract you.
onboard Be aware of all drivers on the road. Just because you're wide awake and focused doesn't mean that your fellow drivers are as well. Be aware of swaying between lanes and abrupt stops.
Daylight time and insomniacs
Although most people are able to adjust to the biologically earlier schedule after the clocks move ahead in spring, those who suffer from sleep disorders have a much harder time, according to Judith Davidson, an adjunct assistant professor at Queen's University in Kingston, Ont.
People suffering from insomnia often have a much harder time getting used to the time change. (iStock) Much of the treatment of insomnia involves getting people onto a regular sleep schedule, and the time change can throw that off, they said.
"They always take a long time to fall asleep, but it's a bit accentuated by the spring time-change," said Davidson, who treats people for insomnia at the Kingston Family Health Centre.
That can mean several days or even a week of poor sleep for those suffering from insomnia.
Whether you sleep soundly or not, here are several tips for coping with the annual time change:
Take advantage of the opportunity to get an extra hour of sleep. Don't stay up later in anticipation of the time change.
Eat healthy and make sure you have a good breakfast, since mealtimes can act as a trigger to help your body clock readjust.
Stay hydrated. Avoid caffeinated beverages, since too much caffeine can further disrupt your natural sleep rhythm.
beverages, since too much caffeine can further disrupt your natural sleep rhythm. Increase your exposure to bright light and physical activity during the day and until late afternoon/early evening to help compensate for the overall reduction of daylight hours.
Get your daily dose of vitamin D. The best ways to get the vitamin D you need are to get adequate sun exposure (15 to 30 minutes per day in summer/southern regions — it's very difficult to get enough exposure in winter in northern regions because of reduced UV levels), or to take vitamin D supplements.
Drivers should be extra alert — pull over if you're driving and feel drowsy. The only cure for sleepiness is sleep. Opening the window or turning up the radio are not effective ways to stay awake.
Many places don't use it
Daylight time isn't used everywhere in the world. Saskatchewan and some parts of B.C. don't use it, for example, nor do Arizona and Hawaii in the U.S.
It is unnecessary at or near the equator, because the length of each day remains the same or varies by just a small amount.
The vast majority of countries in Africa and Asia don't use daylight saving time.
Fall back and time paradoxes?
Apart from messing with sleep cycles, daylight time can create some downright unusual situations. In 2012, an Ohio man was arrested for drinking and driving twice at the same time on the same day by the same police officer. While it recalls Groundhog Day, the comedy film starring Bill Murray about a man who keeps reliving the same day, it's actually a case of simple math.
The Ohio man was arrested at 1:08 a.m. on Nov. 4, 2012, taken to the police station and released a short time later. However, at 2 a.m. that morning, the clocks were set back to 1 a.m.
The man was arrested exactly one hour after their initial booking by the same officer, again for drinking and driving. The time was 1:08 a.m. Their blood-alcohol level, however, was slightly lower.
The cost of an hour?
There have been a number of attempts to estimate the cost of daylight saving time, factoring in everything from sleep deprivation and related health bills, through to the time lost to the simple act of resetting all the clocks in millions of households twice a year.
One such effort, the Chmura Economics & Analytics study entitled Estimating the Economic Loss of Daylight Saving Time for U.S. Metropolitan Statistical Areas, suggests daylight time costs the United States about $434 million per year, based on 2010 population figures.
Protecting your home
Sleep issues aside, the annual time changes can be a handy way to remember to do something that can protect your home or business.
Fire departments recommend that people use the twice-yearly changes to their clocks to put new batteries in their smoke and carbon monoxide detectors. When you change the time on your clocks, check the batteries in your detectors at the same time and swap them for fresh ones if their charge is low.
Planning ahead
If you want to mark your calendar now so that you don't get caught off-guard by the next time change, here's the schedule through 2019:
The sites offer different - but complementary - services
The Government's police inspectorate has backed down after protests from social media activists over its choice of name for a new website.
Them Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary (HMIC) had unveiled plans for a project called MyPolice.org.uk.
But the name was already being used by a project started in 2009, intended to allow crime victims and others to report feedback to police forces.
HMIC said it had chosen to stop using the name to avoid confusion.
"To ensure the public gets the benefits of both services with no chance of confusion, we will change the name of the 'my police' pages on our website," HMIC said in a statement.
"We are currently consulting on the best option, and will announce the results in the next week."
The HMIC website was intended to be used by members of the public to find out information about how their local force is performing.
HMIC said it had "nothing to gain by overwhelming MyPolice.org".
The entrepreneurs behind the independent site had accused HMIC of trampling over their work. During the dispute, co-founder Lauren Currie told BBC News that it had caused "a huge problem".
In a statement, they said they were "grateful" for the change of heart.
"We think the product HMIC launched, which until today shared our name as My Police, is a genuinely good idea.
"We believe...that it is important to enable the public to rate and score their local force but our product is different."
Now, Pääbo and colleagues have created a quicker, less expensive, and less wasteful method to reconstruct the genomes of ancient specimens. ' The samples we used in this new project were even more poorly preserved than that original sample [analysed last year], meaning that the shotgun method would have cost hundreds of millions of pounds,' says graduate student Adrian Briggs who helped pioneer the new technique. 'Hence the need for our new targeted retrieval method - primer extension capture (PEC).'
'We have managed to immortalise a precious DNA source, for example a Neanderthal DNA extract, by making many thousands of copies of every original DNA molecule in that source,' says Briggs. In doing so, ancient DNA sequences can be stored in a 'library' they can be used again and again. The technique uses 5'- biotinylated oligonucleotide primers and a DNA polymerase that isolate Neanderthal mtDNA sequences from the plethora of contaminant DNA. Sequences of interest are then directly extracted from this amplified library of degraded DNA before the sequencing step. 'This saves on experimental time and costs by several thousand-fold,' Briggs adds.
Eske Willerslev, an expert on ancient DNA at the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, thinks this is an important technological breakthrough. 'The capture approach makes it possible to retrieve very short pieces of DNA (50-70bp) that is difficult if not impossible using regular [ approaches,' they comment. 'This means that the chances of retrieving endogenous rather than contaminant DNA increases significantly.'
In fact, new genetic evidence from the remains of six Neanderthals (Homo neanderthalensis) suggests the population hovered at an average of 1,500 females of reproductive age in Europe between 38,000 and 70,000 years ago, with the maximum estimate of 3,500 such female Neanderthals.
"It seems they never really took off in Eurasia in the way modern humans did later," said study researcher Adrian Briggs of the Max-Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany.
The research, which will be published in the July 17 issue of the journal Science, suggests the small population size of our ancestral cousins may have been a factor in their demise.
"Because there never really were millions of them, they probably were more susceptible to some event that made them go extinct, which to me, suspiciously coincides with the emergence of modern humans ," Briggs told LiveScience.
Ian Tattersall, curator of anthropology at the American Museum of Natural History in New York, who was not involved in the current research, said the study "does support notions that toward the end of last ice age, the Neanderthal population was declining as a result of harsh circumstances." They added, "I don't believe Neanderthals would've gone extinct if it wasn't for this new element, the Homo sapiens competing for the same resources."
Homo sapiens
Science
Targeted Retrieval and Analysis of Five Neandertal mtDNA Genomes
This is a very exciting paper, both for the apparent advance in ancient DNA technology, and for the finding of a smaller effective population size for Neandertals. The reduced mtDNA diversity in Neandertals might be the result of selection. Even among current cold-adapted populations, mtDNA diversity is reduced , and this is due to bioenergetic adaptation for a cold climate. Chemistry World has some details on the new technical advance:The much publicized Neandertal DNA data from Vindija cave were taken from an almost ideal sample in terms of preservation. LiveScience has some details on the implications for the demography of Neandertals:I really find it hard to believe that Neandertals died out beause of competition with Homo sapiens. After all, a population of a few thousand could quite easily have been accommodated in Paleolithic Europe; population density was so low, that there were plenty of resources for modern humans and Neandertals alike.There are plenty of scenaria for the disappearance of the Neandertals, ranging from absorption by modern humans (although recent estimates of introgression are usually from modest to very low ) to cannibalism , to contracting diseases brought byand for which they had no immunity. We don't even know how long the co-existence between the species was before the disappearance of Neandertals. The argument for a causative role of modern humans in Neandertal demise is weakened if the latter persisted for many thousands of years after the arrival of the former.If, however, Neandertals were so limited in numbers, perhaps there was no major reason for their disappearance. It could very well have been a statistical accident as random fluctuations in population size may have driven them to a non-viable demographic size from which they may not have been able to recover.As usual for apaper, there are plentiful open access supplementary data doi:10.1126/science.1174462Adrian W. Briggs et al.Analysis of Neandertal DNA holds great potential for investigating the population history of this group of hominins, but progress has been limited due to the rarity of samples and damaged state of the DNA. We present a method of targeted ancient DNA sequence retrieval that greatly reduces sample destruction and sequencing demands and use this method to reconstruct the complete mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) genomes of five Neandertals from across their geographic range. We find that mtDNA genetic diversity in Neandertals that lived 38,000 to 70,000 years ago was approximately one-third of that in contemporary modern humans. Together with analyses of mtDNA protein evolution, these data suggest that the long-term effective population size of Neandertals was smaller than that of modern humans and extant great apes.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Former President George W. Bush's daughters, Jenna Bush Hager and Barbara Bush, have penned a letter of advice to President Barack Obama's daughters days before the Obama family officially moves out of the White House.
In the letter published online by Time on Thursday, the Bush twins, now 35, tell 18-year-old Malia Obama and 15-year-old Sasha that as “former First Children,” they'll be taking a position they “didn't seek and one with no guidelines.”
The Bushes advise the Obamas to draw on their many experiences during their time in the White House and use them to “help guide you in making positive change.”
The Bush twins also poked a bit of fun at themselves in the note by telling the Obamas to enjoy college, adding “as most of the world knows, we did.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Freddy Adu is set to make a return to Europe, where the 24-year-old midfielder will be hoping to resurrect their career.
MORE: Lampard joings NYCFC | Bavaria unlikely to loan Green
Adu is set to sign with Serbian club FK Jagodina, sources close to Adu have confirmed to Sporting News/Goal USA.
The former U.S. youth national team standout and U.S. national team playmaker has been without a team since leaving Brazilian club Bahia last November. Adu has spent time on trial with English club Blackpool, Norwegian club Stabaek and most recently Dutch side AZ Alkmaar. They now appear ready to settle on Europa League participant Jagodina over Cyprus club AEL Limmasol, which is currently in the qualifying round of the UEFA Champions League.
FK Jagodina finished in third place in the Serbian League last season and is taking part in the Europa League for the third consecutive season.
Sources tell Sporting News/Goal USA that Adu will travel to Serbia on Thursday to attend the club's Europa League match against CFR Cluj.  They are expected to finalize their deal with the club on Friday or Saturday.
Adu will be looking to revive a career that has stalled since leaving the Philadelphia Union after the 2012 MLS season. A loan move to Bahia turned into a dead end as a carousel of coaching changes made their transition in Brazil a difficult one.
An extended trial with Blackpool failed to yield an offer, and after being passed on by Stabaek and AZ Alkmaar, Adu weighed options from Cyprus, India and Sweden before settling on joining Jagodina.
Anatomy of a Cuttlefish One of the most mystifying creatures of the deep, the cuttlefish has abilities and even senses that are alien to us humans. This versatile animal can change its appearance at will, mimicking floating vegetation or rocks on the seafloor. Yet when danger looms, the animal can jet away at great speeds, shooting out a smoke screen of ink or using its ink to create decoys of itself. How does the cuttlefish accomplish all this? Below, take a look at select parts of this octopus relative and learn more about how this master of deception and disguise functions.—Rima Chaddha
Arms and Tentacles
Unlike the octopus's arms, which that animal often uses to move and carry objects, the cuttlefish's eight arms are specialized for grasping prey after the cuttlefish captures it with its two elongated tentacles. When potential food sources such as fish or shrimp swim near, the cuttlefish can alter the color of its skin while waving its arms in a mesmerizing display. This lures potential prey to within reach of the cuttlefish's tentacles, which can then shoot rapidly from a pocket at the base of the arms to grab the prey. The arms are also important for a defensive display in which the cuttlefish sucks water into its mantle cavity and spreads its arms in order to appear larger to its potential opponent.
Beak
The cuttlefish's beak looks much like a parrot's beak, but it is hard to see because it lies buried at the base of the animal's eight arms. The cuttlefish can use its beak to help subdue prey and to defend itself against predators and rivals by biting. Like cuttlebones, beaks differ among species, and their remains enable scientists to identify which cuttlefish species have lived and died in certain areas.
Brain
The cuttlefish has one of the largest brain-to-body size ratios of any invertebrate, perhaps even larger than that of the octopus. The cuttlefish brain can handle input from a variety of senses, including sight, smell, and even "sound" (in the form of pressure waves). According to some scientists studying cephalopod learning, the cuttlefish can use visual clues to solve mazes, making it as intelligent as the octopus or land animals like the pigeon.
Cuttlebone
A defining characteristic of the cuttlefish, the cuttlebone is a porous internal shell that helps control buoyancy, making it functionally similar to swim bladders in fish. Cuttlebones have both gas-filled forward chambers and water-filled rear chambers. Although it can take hours for the cuttlefish to change its density through its cuttlebone alone, the animal can control its positioning in the water with the aid of its specialized fins and mantle. The cuttlebone is rich in calcium and is often sold in pet stores as a nutritional supplement for birds.
Eye
Although color-blind, the cuttlefish has two of the most highly developed eyes in the animal kingdom. It can see well in low light and can also detect polarized light, enhancing its perception of contrast. While we humans reshape our lenses in order to focus on specific objects, the cuttlefish moves its lenses by reshaping its entire eye. Also, the cuttlefish's eyes are very large in proportion to its body and may increase image magnification upon the retina, while the distinct "W"-shaped pupil helps control the intensity of light entering the eye.
Fin
While the cuttlefish uses its mantle cavity for jet propulsion, it relies on its specialized fins for basic mobility and maintaining consistent speeds. Resembling a short, flouncy skirt, the muscular fin can maneuver the cuttlefish in nearly any direction: backward, forward, even in circles, with such movement being more energetically efficient than jetting. The movement and positioning of the fins also come into play when smaller males in certain species mimic the opposite sex in order to swim past larger males and gain access to females.
Gills, Hearts, and Blood
The cuttlefish has three hearts, with two pumping blood to its large gills and one circulating the oxygenated blood to the rest of its body. The blood itself is blue-green in color because it possesses hemocyanin, a copper-containing protein typical in cephalopods—cuttlefish, octopuses, and squids—that transports oxygen throughout their bodies. (Mammals' red blood uses the iron-rich protein hemoglobin to do the same thing.)
Ink Sac
Like its close relatives, the squid and octopus, the cuttlefish is equipped with an ink sac that can help it make a last-ditch escape from predators that hunt by sight. The cuttlefish can eject its ink in two ways. One way creates a smoke screen behind which the animal can escape perceived danger. In the other, the released ink takes the form of "pseudomorphs," or bubbles of ink surrounded by mucus that are roughly the size of the cuttlefish and can act as decoys. The ink, which contains dopamine and L-DOPA, a precursor to dopamine, may also temporarily paralyze the sense of smell in predators that hunt by scent.
Lateral Lines
Although the cuttlefish can't hear, it can detect sound in the form of pressure waves using its lateral epidermal lines. Seen here via a scanning electron microscope, these lines consist of thousands of hair cells. The cells seem to be especially sensitive to sounds ranging between 75 and 100 Hz, with 100 Hz being similar in frequency to a typical automobile engine running at maximum speed. One physiological study showed that in total darkness, healthy cuttlefish could capture about 50 percent of available prey, whereas cuttlefish with compromised epidermal lines could capture only about 30 percent. The hair cells can also be used in defense, allowing cuttlefish to detect the movement of possible predators.
Mantle
The multifunctional mantle cavity is important for cuttlefish locomotion, giving the animal its characteristic jet propulsion ability. To jet away from a predator, the cuttlefish sucks water into the cavity and then uses its strong mantle muscles to expel the liquid with great force, driving the cuttlefish in the opposite direction. Water exits through a movable part called the funnel, which controls the angle of the spray. The mantle cavity also aids in respiration by bringing water to the animal's gills, which in turn filter oxygen into its bloodstream.
Reproductive Organs
During mating, the male uses a modified arm to transfer their genetic material into the female's buccal area. This is the part of the female's mouth that stores the male's spermatophores (sperm packaged in special containers) until they are ready to use them to fertilize their eggs. Because the female often accepts more than one mate, the male sometimes sprays water through their mantle funnel into the female's buccal area to wash out other males' spermatophores. When they are ready to deposit their eggs in safe locations such as under rocks or in discarded shells, the female uses their arms to wipe the stored spermatophores onto each egg.
Skin
When it comes to changing one's skin color, the cuttlefish outshines even the chameleon, in both degree and kind. Its skin possesses up to 200 chromatophores (pigment cells) per square millimeter, allowing the animal to pattern itself with a variety of colors. When vying for a mate, for example, some male cuttlefish will showcase "intense zebra displays" (see left). The cuttlefish can also use muscles in its dermis to change its skin texture from smooth to rough, enabling it to hide easily among rocks on the seafloor, for instance.
We recommend you visit the interactive version. The text to the left is provided for printing purposes.
In a segment they labeled “The Old Man and the Cell,” The Daily Show‘s Jon Stewart mercilessly mocked Congressman Charlie Rangel last night for a pretend phone call they made during a debate earlier this week.
“Eighty-three years old and 43 years in office. Censured by Congress in 2010 after a photo of them asleep in front of their Dominican villa, on which they failed to pay taxes, became the symbol of their extensive financial malfeasance,” began Mr. Stewart in a bit aimed at the difficulties of booting long-time incumbents from office.
Mr. Rangel is locked in what many see as the toughest fight of their political life as they battle State Senator Adriano Espaillat, who almost defeated them two years ago, and Pastor Mike Walrond, to win a 23rd and final term.
“What could Rangel do to come out a winner? Check your pockets, MacGyver because the clock is ticking and he's got to come up with something!” the host joked.
Mr. Stewart proceeded to play clips from the unusual debate gag, which Mr. Espaillat yesterday slammed as “wacky” and “an embarrassment.”
“You know what? I think this is how Charlie Rangel stays in office so long,” Mr. Stewart offered. “Yes, he's corrupt. But he's very likable. I mean, they figured out how to be a total dick to the guys sitting right next to him, without having to have any responsibility for said dickishness”
They then pointed to John Conyers, the longtime Michigan member of congress, who failed to collect enough signatures to appear on the state's Democratic primary ballot. “Wow, so without term limits, we just have to wait until congress people get so old they lose signatures like keys,” they quipped.
Watch the full segment below:
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan says they “fundamentally disagrees” with presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump's comment about Judge Gonzalo Curiel, calling it “the textbook definition of a racist comment.”
“I disavow these comments. I regret these comments that they made,” Ryan stated during a press conference Tuesday morning. “Claiming a person can't do a job because of their race is sort of like the textbook definition of a racist comment. I think that should be absolutely disavowed. It's absolutely unacceptable, but do I believe that Hillary Clinton is the answer? No, I do not.”
“I don't think they're right headed,” Ryan added about Trump's statement suggesting Curiel is biased in overseeing a fraud case against Trump University because of their Mexican heritage.
“I just fundamentally disagree with that,” Ryan added, responding to a reporter's question. “I think it's wrong. The way I look at this is, if you say something that's wrong, I think the mature, responsible thing is to acknowledge it was wrong.”
“Does their campaign need help? Do they need better people around him?” a reporter shouted.
“I'm not going to comment on that,” Ryan responded.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie was asked about Trump's comments and about Trump University following Ryan's press conference.
“Congressman Ryan is entitled to their opinion,” Christie told reporters. “I'm not going to micro-analyze every bit of the campaign.”
Following India's drubbing at the hands of Pakistan in the final of the ICC Champions Trophy 2017 tournament, an Indian girl's Facebook post congratulating the men in green went viral.
In their Facebook post, the girl named Archana Mohan spoke highly of team Pakistan and said that their entire family was awestruck by how well Pakistan had played to outsmart India in the final. This is an excerpt from their Facebook status, which fetched more than 9,000 shares and received more than 32,000 likes in less than 24 hours.
‘I wish we had players like theirs', my husband said ruefully. ‘From the by lanes of Peshawar to an ICC event, they are cricketers in the purest sense', they said dreamily.
‘And what about that boy Fakhar Zaman', my father in law, said, their cup of filter coffee simmering just like their voice.  They are a Navy man no? That's what a soldier does for their country,' the ex-serviceman said proudly.
‘It has been a tough few years for Pakistan. Lack of finances and the reluctance of other teams to play there on account of security reasons has crippled them to some extent but as this win shows, you can never write them off. Irrespective of the result, I am sure, we will always remember this unbelievable comeback from the team that was expected to crash out in the first round itself.
‘I can't believe that I am saying this, but thank you Pakistan for winning the match. Thank you for being an inspiration.
‘India may have ended up second, but many of us won something more important than a shiny trophy – the tag of being a good sport.
‘Perhaps there may still be hope for the two countries after all!' read them post.
Article
Despite massive growth in the Indian media industry, the lack of quality and diversity shows an increasing disconnect with the real lives of people in the country and the most important issues they face.
The media in India has grown into an economic giant, with a business turnover which exceeds one percent of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) and matches the economic size of many individual industries in India. It is considered the world's most dynamic media industry and one of the fastest growing anywhere. The media's worth is equivalent to half the value of India's famously successful computer software exports.
Prospering economicaly and growing influence in the public and political domain
For the past two decades, the Indian media business has clocked double-digit growth annually, which clearly outpaces India's GDP growth rate, which has itself risen from about 5 percent to almost 9 percent a year. A recent report by the consultancy firm KPMG and the Federation of the Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry forecasts a growth rate for the media of 13-14 percent a year for the next five years. Amazingly, India's print media bucked a worldwide trend and has been growing at 10 percent-plus a year. Last year, it grew by an estimated 26 percent.
This is a very different scenario from the state of the media in much of the world. In most developed countries, the media has reached saturation point. The Western print media is especially badly off, with falling revenues. It is shrinking as major newspapers lose money and circulation and cut staff and coverage.
The media in India has played a disproportionate role in shaping public perceptions of politics, electoral outcomes and the way power is exercised. As recent disclosures in the Radia tapes show, media personalities increasingly rub shoulders with top-level politicians, industrialists and corporate lobbyists and collude in making key government appointments and influencing policy decisions.
In sharp contrast to the immense financial power and political clout of the Indian media stands its indifferent—and generally declining—quality, reliability and authenticity, loss of diversity and pluralism, shallowness in reporting and comment on serious issues, and systematic violation of elementary norms of responsible journalism.
In recent years, the media has lowered the quality of India's public discourse. Media expansion has led to a shrinking of the public sphere, and spread of elitist and socially retrograde values. This is producing a growing, and potentially grave, crisis of credibility. The low and falling quality of Indian journalism is evident in a number of ways.
First, this country of 1.2 billion cannot claim to have a single magazine of ideas or literary journal of international standards. Nor does it publish a significant number of influential newspapers which are independent of corporate cartels. There is very little diversity in the range of social and political views expressed in the mainstream media.
Second, the media no longer adequately performs the primary functions it is meant to, which give it public legitimacy: namely, informing the public, telling the truth, analysing complex social, economic and political processes, providing a platform for public debate, and acting as the people's watchdog or conscience.
Tunnelvision
Third, despite rapid globalisation and the opening up of Indian society and culture to international influences, the Indian media remains extremely insular. There is remarkably paltry coverage of international issues, events, institutions and processes. There is an unhealthy obsession with the United States, and very little space for major emerging countries like China, Brazil and South Africa.
Thus, only about half-a-dozen newspapers, all of them in English, have correspondents in any of the major capitals of the world. Only one, The Hindu, has full-time correspondents in Washington, Beijing, Moscow, London and Paris. The rest depend on news agencies, or at best, part-time stringers. Even when a major event occurs—the Iraq war, the Egyptian “revolution” or the Fukushima disaster—Indian newspapers and TV channels (despite their huge budgets) do not bother to send reporters to cover it. At best, there may be desultory, cursory coverage for a couple of days.
The coverage of the South Asian region—in which India is located in a larger-than-life way, with which it shares so much, and on which its own social climate and security depends—is abysmally shoddy. Within this coverage, there is a pathological preoccupation with Pakistan. This has less to do with understanding the complex social and political processes under way there than with gloating over Pakistan's problems and its difficult relationships with the US, Afghanistan and Iran. At any rate, there are only two full-time Indian reporters in Pakistan. Once, there were five.
No Indian newspaper has full-time correspondents in all the major regional countries—Pakistan, Bangladesh, Afghanistan, Nepal and Sri Lanka. The Hindu scores better than other papers here too, but it still has no correspondent in Afghanistan, which is a cauldron of conflict and war, and also a crucible where world history is being made.
This is galling because there is at least one highly experienced and respected freelance journalist based in Kabul, who is an Indian. (At one time, there were three, writing mainly for Western papers). By contrast, The New York Times has three reporters covering Afghanistan. Other major Western dailies have one or more reporters based there.
Many Indian newspapers are immeasurably richer than The New York Times, which has run into losses. But they are just not interested in the war and political developments in Afghanistan and the complex relationships emerging between the US, the Karzai government, various Taliban groups, the Pakistani state, Iran and India. These relationships will determine the future of how the West views “radical” and “moderate” Islam and conducts the “war on terror”.
Loss of diversity and quality
Fourth, the Indian media on the face of it has tremendous diversity, with the world's second-largest press (print) market, some 1,500 TV channels (the fourth largest number in the world), of which 250 or so are news channels (probably the highest number anywhere), 80-85 million Internet users, and a growing number of radio stations.
The press is printed in 123 languages and dialects. The highest number of newspapers and magazines are issued in Hindi—24,927; the second place is taken by the English-language press—9,064. The state with most print media is Uttar Pradesh—with 9,885 newspapers. The largest-circulated Indian daily is Dainik Jagran, with 55.7 million readers, probably the largest in the world. Second in rank is Dainik Bhaskar with 44.9 million readers. These papers are among the lowest-quality publications anywhere, with minimal news value.
However, in recent years, the print media has witnessed loss of diversity, a process of concentration, mergers and acquisitions, and emergence of huge conglomerates, especially in Indian languages, with 20, 30, even 43 editions. This is squeezing out small independent papers both through competition for advertising revenue and through predatory pricing. The average issue price of Indian newspapers is remarkably low: a national average of Rs 2.30 on weekdays and Rs 3 on Sundays. The actual recovery from sales, after deducting commissions for distribution, is well under Rs 2 per copy.
However, it costs Rs 6 to 10 to produce a newspaper of between 14 and 24 broadsheet pages (excluding supplements, etc.). Since circulation revenues can only meet a fraction of this cost, newspapers become dependent on advertising to make up the bulk of the expenses necessary for survival. This has dangerously unhealthy consequences for media independence and diversity. Growing dependence on advertising means less and less autonomy from the corporate interests which buy advertising space or time.
This is only one malady that afflicts the Indian media. Other serious disorders lie in the conscious dumbing down of news coverage; trivialisation of important social processes and events; warped priorities in reporting national and world affairs; downgrading and contraction of space for serious analysis, interpretation and comment; an unhealthy obsession with celebrities; growing sensationalism (ubiquitous in television, but now rapidly spreading in print); and reliance on hearsay and unverified reports.
Even worse is the mainstream media's self-assigned role as the outriders of “free market” or neoliberal policies—as if the immediate post-Soviet era had not ended, and under-regulated capitalism had not run into a grave financial crisis and the Great Recession since 2008. Editors are now appointed less for their journalistic talent, erudition or news sense than for their “contacts” in high places and ability to “fix” deals.
Bias, censorship and selective exclusion
This is, admittedly, a pretty damning list of flaws. But no less disturbing are: editorialising in the news pages; heavy slanting of headlines and photo captions; censorship of views critical of ruling orthodoxies and of stories written from the standpoint of the underprivileged and the vulnerable; and blacking out of the coverage of unconventional, radical or non-mainstream movements and organisations (including campaigns for peace, human rights, global justice, or sexual equality).
Even more unconscionable is the blatantly partisan support in large sections of the media for ultra-Right-wing and religious-exclusivist political grouping like the Bharatiya Janata Party, marginalisation of readers' opinion columns, and a systematic refusal to admit, and correct, errors of fact.
The media, as it exists and is evolving today, is simply not designed or meant to report on the existing reality of Indian society or inform the public on the economic and political processes at work in it, including shifts in social values and in the balance of power between different groups, and new forms of political competition—leave alone promote a comprehension of the complex social dynamics that are shaping decision-making structures and India's changing relations with the rest of the world.
Perhaps the most telling comment on the Indian media lies not in the stories it has done, but in the stories it has missed or killed. These include the death of 8,000 schoolchildren in Maharashtra, the millions of girls who go missing thanks to the spreading practice of female foeticide, and the suicides of two lakh farmers over the past 12 years.
To be fair, it is not that the media never carried these stories. It did—reluctantly, belatedly, half-heartedly, sloppily, following many entreaties by the concerned investigators, or after the issue had already figured in the national or state legislature. It did not originate them, as it should have. These important facts, which speak of dysfunctions in the deepest interstices of Indian society, were unearthed, noted, discovered, compiled, collated and disseminated by others.
Disconnect
The mainstream journalistic paradigm in the Indian print media (with a few honourable exceptions) is shockingly insensitive to the real concerns of flesh-and-blood people, especially the vast majority of Indians who are poor and underprivileged. Its principal—and matter-of-factly stated—aim is to promote the “feel-good” factor and “pump sunshine” into the life of the consumerist elite.
Headlines in most papers show strong biases: e.g. telecom is “liberated” (i.e. recklessly privatised, with harmful consequences, as in the 2G scam), and imports of 1,400 items are “freed” (to promote unregulated imports which could ruin millions of farmers).
What takes the cake is the memorable headline: “India, Beauty Superpower of the world, wins the Miss Universe crown”. This is when Indian women have worse malnutrition levels than women in sub-Saharan Africa—after two decades of agrarian distress, economic collapse, ethnic conflict, civil war and famine in that continent. What matters is not the truth, but the “feel-good” factor, the daily dose of steroids the Indian elite so desperately needs—and gets—through the media.
These trends highlight the Indian media's increasingly conservative and retrograde character in a period which demands a radical review of conservative approaches, and exploration and examination of alternative options to policies that are failing, ideologies that are proving bankrupt, and mindsets that are patently sterile.
The Indian media now faces a serious crisis of credibility. If it does not reform itself, it will find its greatest asset getting rapidly devalued and eventually vanishing. Robbed of authenticity, reliability and credibility, the media will cease to matter to large numbers of people except as a source of cheap entertainment and titillation. Journalism will then cease to be all that makes it worthy and socially relevant: an honest, investigative, analytical, public-oriented and ethical pursuit.
That would be a grave tragedy and a terrible disservice both to democracy and to the causes of enlightening and empowering the public.
NSW Roads Minister Duncan Gay is pursuing a speed limit increase along the Pacific and Hume Highways, from 110km/h to 120km/h on dry days, claiming that current speed limits didn't reflect the latest automotive standards.
The minister's comments follow a decision in the Northern Territory where motorists were permanently allowed to choose their own speed along a 276 kilometre section of highway following a successful 18 month evidence-based trial.
NSW Roads Minister Duncan Gay is seeking a speed increase along the Pacific and Hume Highways.
In a decision condemned by medical authorities, Territory Chief Minister Adam Giles on Thursday handed down a report confirming that open speed limits had reduced the number of accidents along the trial section of the Stuart Highway when compared with a 130km/h posting previously in place.
In NSW, Mr Gay has ordered Roads and Maritime Services to cost remediation works on both the Pacific and Hume Highways which would mandate grade-separated intersections and crossroads.
Craig Anderson, Bobby Ryan, Milan Michalek, Robin Lehner, Clarke MacArthur and Marc Methot all have two things in common. First, being a member of the Ottawa Senators and second, all of them received a contract extension well before the 2015 NHL trade deadline. With all of these “core” players locked up for the Senators, it only leaves one odd man out who is set to become an unrestricted free agent at the end of the 2014-15 season, Erik Condra.
Condra began their NHL career in 2010-11 but wasn't a full time player with the big club until the season after. Their defensive play is what kept them up and on the radar for the Senators. They do lack on the offensive side of things but more often than not, he's the one who's relied on for killing penalties. Their play in the defensive and neutral zones is almost impeccable, as they rarely cough up turnovers with their great puck possession. Add in the fact that they come in cheap (cap hit of $1.25 million) along with their handiness for the special teams, and I would rather take Condra over the likes of the veteran Chris Neil, who has been in the mix of trade rumors. Though it was unfortunate former head coach Paul MacLean didn't see it this way.
MacLean didn't seem to understand what they had in Condra, as they had the Michigan native winger in the press box on several occasions. Since Dave Cameron took over for MacLean as the head honcho behind the bench on December 9th, 2014, Condra has found themselves always in the lineup and he's become a much more effective and consistent player. It's looking like Condra will come off of one of their best seasons this year in both scoring (which is limited because he's a defensive forward) and their puck possession (his takeaways totally overrule their giveaways).
Sure they don't dazzle, sparkle, and shine, or even come close in that matter to a Bobby Ryan, Kyle Turris or Erik Karlsson, but he's got great hockey sense, is a quality role player and could be something Ottawa would lack next season if they choose not to bother with a new contract. If it was up to me, I'd go against Neil's wishes and trade them off while offering Condra a contract extension.
Condra has expressed that they would like to stay and continue to play hockey in Ottawa but with all the young talent coming up and being exposed – Shane Prince, Jean-Gabriel Pageau, Curtis Lazar, and Matt Puempel, to name a few – there isn't a whole lot of room for forwards. To me, the Pageau-Lazar-Condra trio has picked up well as the fourth line since Neil has been injured and part of the reason is because Condra is a far more effective hockey player than Neil. Also for Ottawa Senators owner Eugene Melnyk and their internal cap's sake, he's cheaper than Neil's $1.9 million cap hit. So go ahead Bryan Murray, give this man an extension already, otherwise come this summer, he'll have no trouble finding work elsewhere in the league and that could cost the team.
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @MajorLeeRix. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport and @LWOSworld – and “liking” our Facebook page.
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC, laptop, tablet or smartphone. What are you waiting for?
Main Photo:
1833: Nearly 100 tons of ice, cut in blocks from frozen New England lakes earlier in the year, arrives in Calcutta. The first shipment of ice imported to India soon fires up a market for cold drinks in a country unaccustomed to such a chilly luxury.
The transoceanic operation, undertaken by the Tudor Ice Co., began in early May 1833, when approximately 180 tons of freshwater ice was loaded into the insulated hold of the sailing ship Tuscany in Boston.
The historic four-month trip of the precious, perishable cargo was made possible by advances in ice harvesting and storage adopted and pioneered by Frederic Tudor, aka Boston's "Ice King," member of an influential Boston Brahmin family that had already built a lucrative business shipping Northeastern ice to the Caribbean and Europe.
Chief among the technological leaps was a horse-drawn metal ice plow invented by Nathaniel Jarvis Wyeth that allowed mass-production of the substance.
Previously, slabs of ice had been hand-harvested by workers, who used axes and saws to hack the frozen water from Northern lakes during winter months. The labor-intensive undertaking made ice a luxury item that only the wealthy could afford.
Refrigerated merchant vessels hadn't yet been invented, but advances in storage during shipping decreased the amount of ice lost due to melting.
An article titled "The Ice Trade Between America and India," published in an 1836 edition of Mechanics' Magazine, laid out in great detail the practices employed to prevent the ice from liquefying during months at sea:
For the voyage to India, a much longer one than had been hitherto attempted, some additional precautions were deemed necessary for the preservation of the ice. The ice hold was an insulated house, extending from the afterpart of the forward hatch, about fifty feet in length. It was constructed as follows: A floor of one-inch deal planks was first laid down upon the dunnage at the bottom of the vessel; over this was strewed a layer, one foot thick of tan; that is, the refuse bark from the tanners' pits, thoroughly dried, which is found to be a very good and cheap non-conductor. Over this was laid another deal planking, and the four sides of the hold were built up in exactly the same manner. The pump, well, and main-mast, were boxed round in the same manner. The cubes of ice were then packed or built together so close as to leave no space between them, and to make the whole one solid mass: About 180 tons were thus stowed. On the top was pressed down closely a foot of hay, and the whole was shut up from access of air, with a deal planking one inch thick nailed upon the lower surface of the lower deck timbers; the space between the planks and deck being stuffed with tan.
The arrival of pure U.S. ice in Calcutta signaled the end of "Hooghly ice," a dirty, slushy substance made by freezing water in shallow pits in the Indian town of Hooghly-Chinsurah on the Hooghly River in West Bengal. While the inferior Hooghly ice could be used to cool containers, it wasn't fit to be added to a drink – gin and tonic, for instance.
The imported ice, on the other hand, was pristine. Locals marveled at the giant, icy cubes as they were unloaded from the specially outfitted seafaring vessels.
"One of the first of the shipments to India ... brought disbelief and amazement to the large crowd of natives gathered at the wharf to witness the unloading of these 'crystal blocks of Yankee coldness,'" wrote historian Philip Chadwick Foster Smith. "One of the Indians braved to touch a piece of the ice, and, believing that they had burned himself, wrapped their hand in their robe and rushed away, followed by a number of the alarmed onlookers."
As trade took off, ice was stored in ice houses built in Bombay, Calcutta and Madras. (The sole remaining storage center – dubbed Vivekanandar Illam, or Vivekananda House, in 1963 in honor of Hindu leader Swami Vivekananda – is in Madras.)
Over the next two decades, India became Tudor's most lucrative market for ice exports.
It was a short-lived victory of shipping over science, however: The Bengal Ice Company, India's first artificial-ice manufacturer, began production in 1878. The availability of cheaper domestic ice killed the Boston-to-India ice trade within four years.
Source: Various
A former Calgary Transit driver who sparked controversy last month with their public refusal to drive the city's new Pride bus is now a candidate in the federal election.
Jesse Rau, 30, is running for the Christian Heritage Party in the riding of Calgary Signal Hill.
They have registered as a candidate in the Oct. 19 election, according to a news release issued by Pastor Artur Pawlowski, who runs the Street Church in Calgary.
Rau made headlines in August when they went public and said he'd quit if they had to drive Calgary's Pride-themed rainbow bus, which was put into service during Pride Week and operated on various routes in the city. They said it went against their beliefs as a Christian.
However, Calgary Transit said Rau was never asked to drive the bus and would not be assigned to it.
They were fired Sept. 10.
According to Rau's notice of termination, which they supplied to reporters, Rau made “false and misleading comments” about the Pride bus that “put the reputation of The City at risk.”
Transit director Doug Morgan couldn't comment specifically on Rau's case, but said Calgary Transit has a code of conduct that all employees are expected to follow. The code of conduct also covers social media and public comments.
The news release issued late Thursday says Rau is running to represent those “who are bullied by political correctness to do things which violate their consciences and their commitment to Christian Biblical values.”
A press conference about Rau's candidacy will take place Friday afternoon.
scrowson@calgaryherald.com
twitter.com/scottcrowson
NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In late September, JPMorgan Chief Executive Jamie Dimon walked into the office of U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder.
“We're willing to take our lumps,” they said, according to a person briefed on the matter.
“We don't think there were serious mistakes made,” they added, in a meeting they had requested with Holder.
JPMorgan finally took its punishment on Tuesday, agreeing to a $13 billion settlement with the U.S. government to settle charges that the bank overstated the quality of mortgages it was selling to investors in the run-up to the financial crisis.
The Department of Justice trumpeted its settlement as a big step toward holding banks accountable for their behavior before the financial crisis.
The behavior that the largest U.S. bank admitted to, authorities said, is at the heart of what inflated the housing bubble: lenders making bad mortgages and selling them to investors who thought they were relatively safe. When the loans started turning bad, investors lost faith in the banking system, and a housing crisis turned into a financial crisis.
The Justice Department said in its statement that JPMorgan acknowledged it had regularly and knowingly sold mortgages to investors that should have never been sold.
But JPMorgan's Chief Financial Officer, speaking on a conference call, said the bank had not admitted to violating any laws. CFO Marianne Lake added that the facts the bank admitted to did not leave it vulnerable in other litigation.
In other words, the bank and the government did not agree about what they had agreed to in the settlement, capping weeks of squabbling over the terms of the deal.
At issue in Tuesday's settlement was the long chain of companies between lenders giving mortgages to consumers during the mortgage bubble and the investors that ultimately forked over the money to fund the loans. Often smaller lenders would make subprime mortgage loans, and sell them to a bank, which would package loans into bonds, and in turn sell them to investors.
With so many middlemen, investors had poor information about what they were buying, and capital flowed to loans that arguably should never have been made.
When the air hissed out of the U.S. mortgage market, investors said they were gulled, and that the mortgages they bought were not good enough in the first place to have been sold. Banks for their part have said that mortgages failed not because they failed to meet investors' stated standards, but because the housing market as a whole headed south.
JPMorgan said it has set aside the funds it needs to cover the settlement, meaning the deal will have no impact on its future earnings. The deal resolves most of its mortgage issues with federal authorities, the bank said. JPMorgan's shares rose 0.7 percent to close at $56.15 on Tuesday.
The civil settlement marks the end of weeks of tense negotiations between JPMorgan Chase, which is looking to move past the legal issues that have plagued it for more than a year, and the U.S. government, which is under pressure to hold banks accountable for behavior that led to the financial crisis.
But even after the settlement, the bank faces at least nine other government probes, covering everything from its hiring practices in China to whether it manipulated the Libor benchmark interest rate. It may still also face criminal charges linked to mortgage matters. Dimon avoided the worst pitfalls of the financial crisis, but now is discovering they did not avoid all of them.
BREAKING IT DOWN
The government called the settlement the largest in U.S. history, but the deal is really several rolled into one. It includes a $4 billion consumer relief package, and a $4 billion settlement with the Federal Housing Finance Agency, which oversees government mortgage financing companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
A sign outside the headquarters of JP Morgan Chase & Co in New York, in this September 19, 2013 file photo. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files
Of the $4 billion consumer relief package, at least $1.5 billion will go toward loans the bank is forgiving. As much as $500 million will go to change the terms of loans to lower monthly payments.
The remaining $2 billion will be for assorted purposes, including new loans for low- and moderate-income borrowers in areas that have been hard-hit by the housing crisis and for demolition of abandoned homes.
Of the $13 billion settlement, $4 billion is for the consumer relief package, $4 billion is for the FHFA deal, and $5 billion is for a civil penalty to the Justice Department and claims from other state and federal government entities.
After taxes, the settlement should cost JPMorgan about $9 billion, because about $11 billion of the settlement is tax deductible, said Gregg Polsky, a law professor at the University of North Carolina. The bank said last month it had set aside $23 billion to cover litigation expenses.
MORE COMING
JPMorgan admitted that it told investors the loans it was selling them met particular standards.
Outside firms that reviewed some of the loans for JPMorgan in 2006 and 2007 told bank employees that 27 percent of the mortgages did not meet underwriting guidelines. One employee expressed concerns about loans to another employee, the bank said in its statement of facts.
The bank and the Justice Department differed regarding how to interpret the statement of facts that the parties had agreed to.
A person involved in the JPMorgan negotiations said that the pattern of bad mortgages being packaged and sold to investors was spread throughout the banking industry. They noted that the bad deals in question were created not only by JPMorgan, but also by two failed banks it took over during the financial crisis, namely Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual.
“Right now, the banks all are holding their breath,” said James D. Cox, a law professor at Duke University who specializes in corporate and securities law. “They understand it means a big number for them as well.”
On a call with analysts, when asked why the Department of Justice acted first on JPMorgan, Dimon said: “You've got to ask them ... It could have been somebody else. There was going to be a first.”
JPMorgan and government agencies reached a tentative agreement in mid-October and have been hammering out details since then. New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman was also involved in discussions.
JPMorgan's negotiations with the Justice Department began in earnest last spring, after Justice Department lawyers in California preliminarily concluded that the bank had violated U.S. civil laws. The Justice Department had looked into mortgage bonds the bank sold from 2005 through 2007, the company said in August.
The talks went sour, and government lawyers prepared to file a lawsuit against JPMorgan in September and scheduled a news conference to announce it. But they canceled it at the last minute as JPMorgan reached out to government officials to discuss a settlement. That effort to restart talks resulted in JPMorgan's Dimon meeting U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder.
Negotiations were difficult, people involved in the matter said. Parties joined the talks, then dropped out. In recent weeks, they stopped, only to restart. Details of the deal were being worked out hours before it was announced on Tuesday, said two people involved.
The bank's general counsel, Stephen Cutler, and Associate Attorney General Tony West were critical in negotiating the deal, sources said. Cutler was previously director of enforcement at the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The settlement is the most significant action to come out of a task force the Obama administration created in January 2012, years after the height of the financial crisis, to probe the packaging and sale of shoddy home loans.
People walk inside JP Morgan headquarters in New York, October 25, 2013. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
Lawmakers and others have been critical of the administration's failure to hold Wall Street banks, executives, and other parties accountable for the excesses that resulted in the housing crisis.
The task force included representatives from the Justice Department, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and the New York State Attorney General, among others.
JPMorgan's settlement was with the Department of Justice, several state Attorneys General, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp, the National Credit Union Administration, and the FHFA.
One of the leading German news magazines, Der Spiegel, posted a shocking cover for this week's issue:
Der neue SPIEGEL. Ab jetzt zum Download und ab morgen im Laden erhältlich: https://t.co/qv6ihBqCQm pic.twitter.com/xtfI9YL2yW — DER SPIEGEL (@DerSPIEGEL) February 3, 2017
The artist, Edel Rodriguez, a Cuban immigrant to the U.S., showed a disconnect from reality that explains how their mind conjured up such revolting imagery.
Washington Post:
“I was 9 years old when I came here, so I remember it well, and I remember the feelings and how little kids feel when they are leaving their country,” Rodriguez said. “I remember all that, and so it bothers me a lot that little children are being kept from coming to this country.” Unlike most immigrants, however, Rodriguez channeled their anger into a piece of art that is now on the cover of one of the world's leading magazines. The German news magazine Der Spiegel on Friday unveiled its latest issue, bearing Rodriguez's striking work. In the illustration, Trump wields a bloody knife with which they have beheaded the Statue of Liberty. Their orange face is featureless, except for a hollering mouth. Two words appear beside him: America First. “It's a beheading of democracy, a beheading of a sacred symbol,” Rodriguez said, noting that the Statue of Liberty represents the United States' history of welcoming immigrants. “And clearly, lately, what's associated with beheadings is ISIS, so there's a comparison” between the Islamic State and Trump. “Both sides are extremists, so I'm just making a comparison between them.”
The problem for Mr. Rodriguez is that there is a slight difference between Trump and ISIS that they fail to pick up on: ISIS regularly and savagely actually beheads people. Trump has yet to decapitate anyone. But in service to Mr. Rodriguez's own brand of extremism, such details are superfluous.
Also enamored with disfiguring the Statue of Liberty is The New Yorker, whose own cover carries the concept of anti-Trump hysteria to ridiculous heights:
Also, you won't find any reports or analysis of the Kuwaiti visa ban on five Muslim countries that's been in effect since 2011. Nor has there been much, if any, reporting on the applauding done by Sunni Gulf states for Trump's policies.
Somehow, that kind of information never quite makes it past the media gatekeepers who wish to keep the anti-Trump hysteria at the highest level possible.
One can disagree with Trump's visa ban without bringing the Statue of Liberty into the picture which, after all, is a symbol for permanent immigrants coming to the U.S. to make a new life, not visa holders. I guess cutting off the head of an immigration bureaucrat and holding it up with a bloody knife just doesn't cut it with this crowd.
Republican House lawmakers representing Utah have introduced two bills intended to provide legislative backing for President Trump's moves to shrink two monuments in the state and serve as a backstop against legal challenges to Trump's actions.
“Now is the time for Congress to take the next step forward,” Rep. Rob Bishop, chairperson of the House Natural Resources Committee, said in a briefing for reporters Tuesday with fellow Republican Utah Reps. John Curtis and Chris Stewart. “This legislation will set in motion what we need to do to bring finality to the situation.”
Trump on Monday announced during a visit to Utah's capitol that they will shrink the Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante national monuments, framing the decision as a rebuke of former President Barack Obama's use of executive authority to set aside public land for protection.
The Trump administration and congressional Republicans say previous presidents abused their authority under the 1906 Antiquities Act to unilaterally declare national monuments, setting aside larger and larger swaths of public land, limiting development opportunities and stifling local control.
Native American tribes and environmental groups have filed separate lawsuits challenging Trump's move, arguing that the Antiquities Act does not explicitly give authority to presidents to reduce the size of national monuments, although some have done so on a limited scale.
The concept has not been tested in court.
“It is our hope what we are doing makes those lawsuits irrelevant,” Stewart said.
Trump is reducing the 1.35 million acres of Bears Ears, established by Obama, to 201,876 acres, and Grand Staircase, created by former President Bill Clinton in 1996, from 1.7 million acres to 1 million.
Under Trump's proposal, Bears Ears would be divided into two smaller monuments: Indian Creek National Monument and the Shash Jaa National Monument.
Grand Staircase-Escalante would be split into three areas: Grand Staircase National Monument, Kaiparowits National Monument, and Escalante Canyons National Monument.
The Utah Republicans support those moves and aim to enshrine the changes into law, while adding new rules and protections.
The first bill, introduced by Curtis on Monday night, provides clarity about what the rules should be at the Shash Jaa and Indian Creek monuments, which Trump has proposed as replacements for Bears Ears.
Curtis' proposal would permit tribes to co-manage the monuments and create the “first-ever protection enforcement team” for antiquities inside the newly designated monuments.
“The Obama [Bears Ears] proclamation allowed Native Americans to have an advisory role,” Bishop said. “This proposal is not a token advisory role. It's giving real authority to these groups.”
The bill would maintain the Obama administration's moratorium against mineral withdrawals in the entire 1.35 million acres that Obama had created as Bears Ears. Obama's monument designation forbid new mining and drilling but allowed cattle grazing and hunting.
Environmental groups have argued that shrinking Bears Ears could lead energy developers to seize on the land removed from protection to mine for oil and natural gas. But there is limited opportunity for oil and gas drilling in Bears Ears and the area around it, the Utah Republicans say, and their bill would prevent it.
“A lot of people are worried the changes [by Trump] mean all of a sudden oil rigs will be popping up all over place,” Curtis said. “This ensures this can't and won't happen.”
The second bill, introduced Tuesday by Stewart, provides a management structure for the revised Grand Staircase-Escalante monuments proposed by Trump and creates a new national park within one of them.
The Escalante Canyons national monument would become a national park, the sixth in Utah, slated to exist on about 100,000 acres, although the exact boundaries remain in flux.
National parks are similar to monuments, but the former can be created only by Congress.
Stewart's bill also establishes a management council made up of tribal members, local stakeholders and government experts to implement a comprehensive management plan, while ensuring “protection of bona fide antiquities” and “safeguarding traditional uses, recreation and public access.”
In contrast to the Bears Ears legislation, Stewart's bill would allow oil and gas drilling in the new Grand Staircase monuments and national park, where coal reserves exist.
“There is a meaningful difference,” Stewart said. “We know some of the cleanest coal in the country is within the previous boundaries of [Grand Staircase] set by Clinton. There are not oil and gas resources in Bears Ears. We are not being inconsistent.”
Bishop said they expect the House to consider both bills in January. Republican Sens. Mike Lee and Orrin Hatch of Utah are planning to introduce companion legislation, Bishop said.
House Republicans said Tuesday they've included $1.6 billion in funding for President Trump's border wall in their new homeland security spending bill, setting up fight with Democrats who have vowed to block any wall funding — even if it means sending the government into a partial shutdown.
GOP leaders said the $1.6 billion fully meets Mr. Trump's request to begin wall construction, which includes 32 miles of new border fencing in Texas, 28 miles of levee wall along the Rio Grande Valley, also in Texas, and 14 miles of replacement fence in San Diego.
The bill also adds 500 new Border Patrol agents, 1,000 more agents and officers for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement operations in the interior, and provides enough money to maintain 44,000 detention beds. That's a massive increase over the Obama years, and Trump officials said it will allow them to detain and deport illegal immigrants faster and with a higher success rate.
The GOP bill also calls for adding more than two dozen new jurisdictions to the 287(g) program which allows local police and sheriff's deputies to be trained to enforce immigration laws.
“Keeping Americans safe by protecting our homeland is a top priority,” said Rep. John Carter, Texas Republican and chairperson of the House homeland security appropriations subcommittee. “This funding bill provides the resources to begin building a wall along our southern border, enhance our existing border security infrastructure, hire more border patrol agents, and fund detention operations.”
Mr. Trump has not said how much of the 1,954-mile border they would like to see covered by fencing, but their 2018 budget called for a first down payment in the 60 miles of new barriers.
Democrats have vowed to resist the spending.
“Democrats will again draw a hard line against wasting taxpayer money to fulfill the president's campaign applause line,” said Matthew Dennis, a spokesperson for Appropriations Committee Democrats. “The purpose of the Homeland Security bill is to make communities more safe and secure, and this pointless wall does nothing to accomplish that.”
They succeeded this year, forcing Mr. Trump to back down on their call for $1 billion to be invested in barriers in 2017.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
I love graphic novels and adventure games. I burned through 999 and Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward. They were excellent horror/mystery hybrids that gave the player an investment in the characters. I really wanted everyone to survive (well, almost everyone, but I won't spoil anything here). Nippon Ichi's localisation is excellent. Similar to Phoenix Wright, there are copious cultural and anime references thrown in (especially for uber-otaku Hifumi Yamada). This adds a touch of humour and lightens the bleak mood of suspense, horror and ceaseless trepidation.
DanganRonpa takes a similar vein with high school students. Not yet ready for independent life and for the most part naive and inexperienced, they are thrust in a situation very similar to the premises in the Saw films - they must do unspeakably awful things to survive (or escape, in this case) - murder a fellow student and get away with it. As very few of the students know each other (the protagonist only knows the pop star), the apparition of murder looms close behind at every step.
With spine-chilling music, a brilliant premise and courtroom scenes reminiscent of Phoenix Wright (albeit with a dark, macabre and ghoulish twist), the multiple paths, relationship-building and collectibles provide replay value far beyond that of 999 or Zero Escape. There is a considerable amount of text to slog through, but it's never dull or repetitive. I always find it hard to turn off and go to bed at night. Anyone who likes being scared out of their wits will love this game.
Danganronpa was a bizarre, violent and eclectic twist on the visual novel/courtroom genre. With oodles of text, a quirky and motley cast of adventurers trying to get along and hopefully escape, hints and clues regarding the motives of the kidnappers (and also those of the classmates) are sprinkled quite regularly. The "Social Links" are augmented with Hope Fragments (think of them as fringe benefits) which must then be used to acquire and equip skills to make trials easier.
The interactive real-time action sequences during trials are nothing at all like they were in the first game. Although some mechanics are still present (one-on-one debates, the Improved Hangman's Gambit, and a faster-paced version of Bullet Time Battle). Perhaps the most annoying mechanic is the slashing one-on-one debate. While regular statements can be simply sliced out of contention, contradictory phrases must be refuted as though it was a Non-stop Debate. Fortunately, the Closing Argument is essentially the same and even more forgiving (simply moving your cursor over the panels will grant you hints).
The islands are huge and provide an atmosphere of more freedom to the adventure. Although many areas are fenced off from the game's outset, it's certainly less claustrophobic than the school we were locked into during the first Danganronpa. And yes, some characters from the first game give an encore here, but are the same people you knew? Only a 5-10 hour investment will tell. ;)
(CNN) President Donald Trump's Twitter declaration that the man charged with killing eight pedestrians and bikers in New York City "SHOULD GET THE DEATH PENALTY" has ignited controversy over whether Trump could have jeopardized the government's legal case.
Presidents have uttered vengeful statements in the wake of terror attacks and terrible murders before. Yet, as with all things Trump, their late-night missive went further and could cause greater trouble for prosecutors.
Still, with history as a guide and the present context of a defendant who apparently mowed down people in the name of ISIS, it is likely Trump's intemperate tweet has complicated -- but not wrecked -- the prosecution's ability to obtain the ultimate penalty.
Judges bring extra scrutiny to capital cases, and federal prosecutors must show they are seeking the death penalty based on fair-minded, well-considered grounds distinct to an individual defendant. The rapid-fire (some might say knee-jerk) nature of a Twitter message by the person at the helm of the executive branch that includes the Justice Department, could undermine that deliberative process.
"It is entirely inappropriate for the President to call for a specific punishment for a federal criminal defendant, especially one who has not been convicted," said Ron Weich, dean of the University of Baltimore law school and a former federal prosecutor.
"It amounts to improper White House interference in Justice Department litigation. It pre-empts the careful deliberative process within DOJ about whether to seek the death penalty. It may taint the jury pool," Weich added.
Joon Kim, acting US Attorney for the Southern District of New York, is overseeing the prosecution of Sayfullo Habibullaevic Saipov , a 29-year-old Uzbekistan native charged with two terrorism counts: providing material support to ISIS and violence and destruction of motor vehicles with willful disregard for human life.
"At the end of the day," said Andrew McCarthy, a former federal prosecutor who writes for the National Review, "it makes Joon Kim's life more difficult. ... Any time a President spouts off about a legal case it's going to complicate work for prosecutors."
Trump's statements, as they stand, likely would not be a factor not in jurors' consideration of Saipov's guilt or innocence, but rather in a sentence of, say life in prison or death. Even then, McCarthy added, jurors may not be influenced by Trump. They may be more inclined to recall the horrific events of that Halloween afternoon than anything the President asserted.
In the past, pronouncements of presidents and other top officials in high profile legal case have prompted challenges, and eventually been rejected.
Immediately after the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, President Bill Clinton said, "These people are killers, and they must be treated like killers." They and Attorney General Janet Reno endorsed the imposition of the death penalty for the perpetrators, who were not yet caught. Lawyers for Timothy McVeigh, one of the bombers, later asked a judge to prevent Reno from not participating in the case. The move was rejected, and McVeigh was executed in 2001.
Back in 1970, President Richard Nixon declared cult leader Charles Manson guilty before their trial was over. Amid an immediate debate over whether they had tainted the case, Nixon, a lawyer, withdrew their remark , reportedly saying, "the last thing I would do is prejudice the legal rights of any person, in any circumstances."
The United States Constitution requires due process of law, including the presumption of innocence until a person is proven guilty.
On Wednesday night, Trump tweeted: "NYC terrorist was happy as they asked to hang ISIS flag in their hospital room. They killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY."
They were back at it Thursday morning, tweeting: "Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system. There is also something appropriate about keeping them in the home of the horrible crime they committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY!"
NYC terrorist was happy as they asked to hang ISIS flag in their hospital room. They killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 2, 2017
Trump's tweets and other remarks have continually become evidence in legal cases. Judges used their statements earlier this year to find that their first travel bans were wrongly directed at Muslims and religious rights.
More recently, their campaign comments about US Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl were raised at a military trial. During the 2016 presidential campaign, Trump said Bergdahl "should be shot" for walking off their post. "In the good old days, they would have been executed."
Bergdahl pleaded guilty to desertion and misbehavior before the enemy. A military judge said Trump's comments would not hurt Bergdahl's ability to receive a fair trial.
"I am completely unaffected by any comments President Trump has made about Sergeant Bergdahl," Army Col. Jeffery Nance said , although they acknowledged Trump's statements during the campaign were "conclusory, condemning and damning of the accused."
Asked by CNN's Sara Murray about Trump's comments regarding New York City, national security adviser H.R. McMaster said Thursday that the President has asked for "options" to assess how terrorism suspects should be held and tried.
"What the President wants is to secure the American people from this threat and from mass murderers like this," McMaster said told reporters at the White House.
They added that Trump has asked for options to assess if the US judicial system has "all the tools they need to combat this threat to the American people."
And Now . . . The Backlash
Posted by Greg Hollingsworth in Columnists | View comments
What a fickle group we new media consumers are. Twitter had been everyone's new crack for the last year or so, then, twitter stumbles (and no, this has nothing to do with my last column about Twitter's TOS) and all of a sudden a cry emanates from the throng for an alternative to twitter. Maybe it's Jaiku (with its newly minted Google money), or perhaps Pownce, maybe its BrightKite, or FriendFeed, Tumblr, or any other number of alternatives.
Fickle Users
How is it that Twitter (everyone's favorite social media darling just six months ago) has fallen from grace so quickly? Okay, so they've experienced some downtime as of late, and they've admitted at least once that they had no idea what was going on and now they're blaming it on “popular users” (which definitely pissed off one Robert Scoble). To be truthful, downtime is nothing new for Twitter, in fact, they're downtime has been on the upswing since last January. What seems to be new is the constant griping about downtime (maybe it's just me, but I don't recall this kind of vocal complaint from the tweeterboard before the most recent incident.)
So, what has changed in social media that is causing this wave of outrage? Is it the introduction of tools similar to Twitter? Well, since many of these tools (FriendFeed, Pownce, Jaiku, Tumblr, etc…) have been around for a good while, I can't imagine that this alone is the sole reason. Is it the seeming refusal of Twitter to admit that its service has some serious scalability issues (or at the very least is less than perfect?) This is a possibility, although I think that we all understand the concept of growing pains, we've all used Windows at some point in our lives. Or, is it a growing undercurrent of vocal support for other applications?
On May 21st, the first ever International Twit-out was attempted (the term “twit-out” was created by Susan Beebe who advocates for the use of Friendfeed). Fortunately for Twitter, it didn't seem to gain much traction (although it would be hard to know just how many people actually participated). The Twit-out was a call to Twitter founders Jack Dorsey and Biz Stone to improve communication between the service and their user community. Unfortunately, the call (which was apparently placed using a very old cell-phone in a dead spot) never got through.
The increasing displeasure with Twitter has probably led to increased traffic through FriendFeed and possibly even driven some people over to Pownce (which was supposed to be Twitter on steroids when it released last year), but I haven't seen any significant change in tweet volume, nor have I noticed any prominent twitterers who have moved off of the service (although it's possible, although doubtful, that Scoble will take their 25K+ fans and go somewhere else.) Regardless, the backlash against Twitter has begun, and it has been pretty prevalent.
I guess my question is this: Are social media junkies so fickle that we cannot forgive growing pains? Granted, Twitter could certainly have handled this situation better than they are at present, but have they really done anything to warrant abandonment? Should we as users move on to the next thing every time a site or service starts having issues?
Personally, I say no (but I only speak for myself). I won't be abandoning twitter in favor of another tool just because they've hit a rough patch in the road. I would hope that all of the people who have been touting Twitter for many months now would do the same. But, that is just my opinion. What do you think? Should we as a user community starting looking for true alternatives to Twitter or should we tough it out until they get their ducks in a row? Additionally, why is Twitter receiving so much harsh criticism when so many other services have come and gone or died on the vine (Socialthing! anyone)? Why is the backlash so vehement towards Twitter?
Greg Hollingsworth is a marketer and blogger who also writes about politics on Devil's In The Details.
(Image) (RSS)
Afternoon Update – Friday, September 11th, 2015
Folks,
A Fantastic Friday to you all! It's been a helluva couple of weeks here at City State Entertainment. So much good stuff has happened that it is hard to recap in just a few paragraphs or so. However, let's give it a shot before we move to new stuff and more new stuff.
First, our new terrain system completed an awesome shakedown cruise. Running 113 hours without a crash would be considered a pretty good start for a game in its final days/weeks of Beta, but is even more impressive for a game that is still in Alpha. And when you add in the fact that we have built almost this entire engine from scratch, including the procedurally generated terrain system that was at the heart of the test, that is a very impressive start.
Secondly, the travelling road crew returned from Dragon Con in Atlanta intact but not well-rested. One does not behold the face of the dragon and sleep, after all! 🙂 A friend of CSE recorded the panel on their phone, and we posted the video here or
If you are interested in the “origin stories” for some of the CSE crew, it's worth a viewing. Plus, there are some hidden gems in the video that might be worth digging for.
In terms of other studio news, well, there are a couple of good pieces that we are saving up to spread joy-joy feelings throughout the CSE Community next week. It's all good news, and we will talk about it next week in a livestream. Remember to check your email, spam folder, Forums, or smoke signals coming from our headquarters in beautiful, downtown Fairfax, VA. Actually, summer has broken, at least for a week, and the weather is quite beautiful right now.
In terms of our ever-popular User Stories, considering the short week and the fact that some of the studio's principals were out of the office for a few days, it was nevertheless a very productive period for us. Overall, we had 10 existing cards with 25 completes, while adding 5 new cards with 29 completes.
Existing Cards:
As a Backer, I'd like to see general improvements in C.U.B.E.'s interface and functionality.
Stop saving block icons to disk. – Complete
As a Backer, I'd like a system that checks for certain requirements that can be used in other systems like the ability system.
Abilities check player or target. – Complete
Refactor Server Requirements in order to better support abilities. – Complete
Refactor Editor to support new requirements. – Complete
As a Backer, I'd like to test the updated male Golem model.
Model high poly sculpt. – Complete
Create textures. – Complete
As a Backer, I'd like to see the world begin to be propped out with generic fantasy items. – Set #5.
Arthurian chests x3 – Complete
Arthurian storage containers x3 – Complete
Additional variations of chests and containers. – Complete
As a Backer, I'd like to know about smaller changes that don't have their own user story.
Jump costs stamina. – Complete
As a Backer, I'd like to be able to equip and use different types of melee weapon combinations. – Weapon Models
Generic polearm: Material pass. – Complete
Generic polearm: Low poly model. – Complete
Generic axe: Material pass. – Complete
Generic axe: Low poly model. – Complete
Generic spear: Material pass. – Complete
Generic spear: Low poly model. – Complete
Generic staff: Material pass x2. – Complete
Generic staff: Low poly model x2. – Complete
As a German Backer, I'd like to visit the German version of the Camelot Unchained website.
Secondary artwork containing text translated and added. – Complete
All newsletters translated. – Complete
Alpha Manual translated. – Complete
As both a Backer and developer, I'd like to have more dev commands to facilitate testing, and general interactions with the player community.
Admin's can trigger old abilities for testing. – Complete
As an Italian Backer, I'd like to visit the Italian version of the Camelot Unchained website.
Find a group of awesome Italian-speaking Backers to assist us! – Complete
Site navigation text translated. – Complete
As a developer, I'd like a way to be able to edit gameplay variables on the server, live.
Max block limit on building plots. – Complete
New cards with completes:
As a Backer, I'd like to play in a procedurally-created environment. – Third Pass.
Quality-of-life improvements to terrain mod editor. – Complete
First Pass: Beach mod. – Complete
Terrain Warp mod improved to separate positive and negative vertical warping. – Complete
First Pass: Impostor system. (Objects at distance draw as single poly cards.) – Complete
Impostor system influenced by object size. – Complete
Improved rendering of alpha – trees and grass look softer and look more visually accurate at distance. – NVidia Cards – Complete
Client has collision for terrain and spawnables. – Complete
Server has collision for terrain and spawnables. – Complete
Client is notified when terrain is updated. – Complete
Client is “infinitely” scalable. – Complete
Server and client reload automagically. Yes…that's a word. – Complete
As a Developer, I'd like to have the tools and knowledge necessary to create terrain Biomes that change with Realm territory control.
First Pass: Grass and flower sets for testing. – Complete
Improvements to grass assets – Costs 2/3rds less, but 2x as dense! – Complete
As a Backer, I'd like to test the updated male Human model.
Model high poly sculpt. – Complete
As a Developer, I'd like to have a strong library of sounds to convey player movement.
First Pass Sound Assets: Generic leather boot footsteps ver.01. – Complete
First Pass Sound Assets: Generic leather boot footsteps ver.02. – Complete
First Pass Sound Assets: Generic heavy-armored boot footsteps. – Complete
First Pass Sound Assets: Stone feet footsteps. – Complete
First Pass Sound Assets: Dirt terrain. – Complete
First Pass Sound Assets: Short grass terrain. – Complete
First Pass Sound Assets: Crunchy grass terrain. – Complete
First Pass Sound Assets: Tall grass terrain. – Complete
First Pass Sound Assets: Brush/Bushes terrain. – Complete
First Pass Sound Assets: Rock/Gravel terrain. – Complete
First Pass Sound Assets: Generic Foley for falling rocks when climbing an incline. – Complete
First Pass Sound Assets: Leather gear movement Foley. – Complete
First Pass Sound Assets: Heavy armor movement Foley. – Complete
First Pass Sound Assets: Wooden gear movement Foley. (Shields bouncing.) – Complete
As a Backer, I would like to have information about the classes of Camelot Unchained.
Silhouette artwork for ‘deck of many classes' cards. – Complete
So, a pretty good update from us. Just like the changing of the seasons, one following the next, we are shifting our focus from “more tech than game” to now, “more game than tech.”
For today's art, here's a quick concept piece from Sandra for an initial pass on some capes that the well-dressed Viking might be wearing this fall. Now, whether you heed the words of Edna ‘E' Mode or not is up to you, of course, but if you don't worry about such things, here's something to keep in mind:
Accessorizing is the key to success, whether in fashion or in RvR, and here are some new renders of some helpful and handy accessories for our combatants. You may notice that these weapons appear to share the same materials which is in accordance to our crafting design.
First, some axes.
Next, some spears.
It's staff time!
And now, for something completely different, some halberds.
Well, that pretty much wraps it up for today's update. Because of all the bonus time last weekend, we are going to wait till next week for the next installment of our Friday Night Fights. We will leave the servers up this weekend for the Alpha folks who haven't seen Version 0.1 of our new terrain system.
Have a great weekend, all!
-Mark
has made some bold statements about its highly anticipated Haswell generation. We just got some information about the top notch Haswell part, including the name, and the future top desktop processor for Socket 1150 is Core i7 4770K.
It is a 3.5GHz quad-core with eight threads and 8MB of memory. It officially supports DDR3 1600. With the help of Turbo Boost it can hit 3.9GHz and it comes with an unlocked multiplier.
The graphics part is also interesting, as this 84W processor has a brand-new HD 4600 graphics core with 1250MHz clock.
Intel makes some bold statement claiming that we can expect up to a threefold improvement in 3D performance when comparing Ivy Bridge GT1 part with Haswell DT2 desktop SKU. It is not clear which two SKUs are compared, but 3x sounds good for marketing.
Intel also claims up to 2x faster video conversion comparing the same two SKUs as well as support for multi-user life, like video chat. The new chip also brings a near real-time photo video filter for content creation, and this part is really unclear as we don't know what kind of pictures and filters and what software Intel has in mind.
Everyone expects that Haswell can make a step forward in graphics performance, and let's hope so for many users of Intel integrated graphics, which are no longer synonymous with lackluster performance.
The Internal Revenue Service does not notify taxpayers it identifies as victims of employment-related identity theft and has not established an effective process to send the required notice to the Social Security Administration to alert it of earnings not associated with these victims, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration found.
Taxpayers may first realize they are victims of employment-related identity theft, which occurs when someone uses the identity of another person to gain employment, when they receive a notice from the IRS that there was a discrepancy in the income reported on their tax return.
Publicly released Tuesday, TIGTA's audit report evaluates the IRS's Automated Underreporter (AUR) program, which identifies discrepancies when it matches taxpayer income reported on third-party information returns to amounts that taxpayers pay on their individual income tax returns.
In July 2011, TIGTA reported that the IRS was in a unique position to identify cases of employment-related identity theft and recommended that the IRS implement procedures to timely alert taxpayers when it becomes aware their identity was stolen. In the report, TIGTA found taxpayers were still not notified.
From February 2011 to December 2015, the IRS identified almost 1.1 million taxpayers as victims of employment-related identity theft, and in April 2014, the IRS started a pilot initiative to begin notifying taxpayers they may be victims.
In its review of the pilot notification initiative, TIGTA found the IRS did not sufficiently design the pilot to include a representative sample of employment-related identity theft victims. TIGTA also found the IRS has not established an effective process to ensure that it sends the required notice to alert the SSA of earnings not associated with a victim of employment-related identity theft.
TIGTA's review of a statistically valid sample of 71 cases from the population of 1,878 tax year 2013 AUR cases closed as identity theft (cases that involved a discrepancy related to wages reported on the tax return) identified that the SSA has no record of receiving an IRS notice for 15 (21 percent) of the 71 cases.
“Employment-related identity theft can cause significant burden to taxpayers, including the incorrect computation of taxes based on income they did not earn,” said J. Russell George, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, in a statement.
Of the four recommendations TIGTA made in the report, the IRS agreed with three, partially with the fourth, and plans to take corrective action on them. In response to the report, the IRS stated it has scheduled programming changes to be implemented in January 2017 to notify taxpayers when the IRS has reason to believe they may be victims of identity theft.
A year ago the Argentinian FA was on its knees and Lionel Messi wanted to quit international football. On Saturday they play Russia in Moscow with fresh hope
On Saturday Argentina face Russia in a friendly at the Luzhniki Stadium, a venue the team now hope to revisit in eight months' time for the World Cup final.
Having qualified for next summer's tournament, courtesy of Lionel Messi's hat-trick against Ecuador in October, Jorge Sampaoli's team are finally in Russia, a place many doubted they would make it to a little over a year ago. It is difficult to overstate the seriousness of the trouble that was threatening the very existence of one of the most famous national teams.
A tearful Messi had proclaimed their retirement from international football, while back in Argentina the country's football association, the AFA, had its offices raided. Elections for the AFA presidency were annulled when the vote count did not correspond to the size of the electorate (it ended 38-38 from 75 members), Fifa intervened and a nominated committee took over the association. Auditors found massive debts; and fiscal anomalies threatened to culminate with several clubs in court.
'Messi's last chance to become a God': Argentina fans on the 2018 World Cup Read more
In addition the TV deal for domestic football was in turmoil as the new-ish government aimed to disentangle itself from an inherited populist football package whereby TV broadcasts were state-funded. Perhaps the most damning legacy of the mess was that the country's once excellent youth squads had sunk into oblivion, failing to qualify at all for competitions they used to dominate.
Things were really bad. One official involved at the time said, “We stepped in and found only shit; not a single rose.” Rumours that the AFA was struggling to pay some of its employees abounded and there were reports that scraping together the €1m needed to pay Sampaoli's release clause from Sevilla was proving a challenge.
That was then. Now a hopeful squad are training in Moscow in a transformed environment. A revived contract with Adidas is backing this friendly and the new national strip was unveiled this week as if to illustrate further a new beginning – an attempt at the “clean slate” approach, or, as they say in Argentina, borrón y cuenta nueva – an expression that dates back to medieval account-keeping, when a smudge on the ink meant starting over.
A new beginning has been long overdue. It is a pretty tall order to transform radically the sordid modus operandi that has been in existence since the 1970s under the strong leadership of Don Julio Grondona. Their death in 2014 left a void at the top of the power pyramid which, combined with the subsequent Fifa scandal and the government's withdrawal from financing the TV rights, left the stage wide open as never before.
While the national government conducted negotiations with several broadcasters with a view to devolve football to the private realm a new Super League was taking shape. Headed by a CEO who currently works with the AFA leaders, this posse of the top clubs may in due course operate somewhat independently of the AFA, similar to the relationship between the Premier League and the Football Association in England.
'We are all getting paid, AFA is paying all the wages' one insider says. 'In Argentina, that in itself is a novelty'
Last weekend the Superclásico between Boca Juniors and River Plate, the eighth fixture of the new Superliga, was available on pay-per-view only, representing a not insignificant income for the AFA, for the time being still the main institution overseeing football in the country. Add to this Fifa's financial reward for participating nations following qualification for the 2018 World Cup, a rebooted sponsorship and marketing package domestically, plus the renewed contract with Adidas, and the once meagre coffers look as if they are filling up.
That, in itself, does not mean that all troubles are over. The old AFA enjoyed financial returns by the millions; the problems were in internal book-keeping, the distribution of that income among clubs and the general obscure processes that are de rigueur within the football establishment.
It is perhaps too early to say all that has changed. But clearly, as world football has come under more scrutiny and corruption generally is a topic in the spotlight, Argentina's football has – by the skin of its teeth – avoided oblivion and secured not only its place in Russia but its very existence back home.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Lionel Messi and Sergio Agüero in training before Argentina's friendly in Russia. Photograph: Sergei Savostyanov/TASS
The transformation has been slow and the jury is still out as to whether “new” in this case will mean better but there is a widespread feeling that the tide is turning. Everyone is talking about the new AFA. “We are all getting paid, AFA is paying all the wages,” one insider says from Moscow. “In Argentina that in itself is a novelty.”
There are detractors, opponents and those who do not believe that cleaning the house is even possible, especially domestically where several years of free TV football for all was a much loved proposition and where the political stakes and power games at play are regarded with a critical eye by many who are partisan anyway, one way or another.
“But that is just to be expected from a populace who reveres Maradona and questions Messi,” says one Argentinian business person who is positive about the changes. Others are more cynical about the whole concept of transparency, believing this to be just part and parcel of a neoliberal rhetoric that will see the rich clubs get richer and the poor ones poorer. “Obscene transparency,” as one observer puts it.
World Cup play-offs, final qualifiers and friendlies: 10 things to look out for Read more
But in the international arena Sampaoli and their players prepare to keep the nation hopeful until at least next summer. And part of the overall project, apart from winning the World Cup, is a return to thinking ahead and projecting a future for generations to come.
The management of the youth teams has been restructured, with Juan Sebastian Verón in charge, and the traditional “sparrings” – young players travelling with the first team for training purposes – have been reintroduced, this time with a layered scheme under which the manager of the under-20s works with the manager of the under-17s who in turn assists the under-15s manager, Pablo Aimar.
Instead of the sparrings playing against the first team, for example, Sampaoli has introduced a mixed set of training sessions, where under-20s and first team train together. Their assistant, Sebastián Beccacece, is also the under-20s trainer, and the idea is to work in as integrated a manner as possible. Players born in 1999, 2000 and 2001 are the focus right now and they are in Russia training with the first team, with a view to becoming the next generation of superlative talents that the nation has grown accustomed to exporting and relishing in equal measure.
Sampaoli, who describes themselves as “a broker of emotions”, is an interesting testament to the power of unexpected achievement; a left-field character who does not easily fit into pre-existing moulds, whose football ideology is almost political in its convictions, shaped by imbibing much of the same tonic as César Luis Menotti and Marcelo Bielsa, but accompanied with a flexibility the latter lacks.
In the long run Argentina may be back on track. In the mid-term Russia 2018 is the name of the game.
Plastic is ubiquitous in packaging for food, toys, and every type of product in between. And even with significant recycling efforts, plastic cannot—unlike aluminum and glass—be recycled over and over again. Plastic is also notorious for its resistance to decomposition, with estimates placing its life cycle somewhere between 500 and 1,000 years.
Concerned about the implications of using so much plastic, a new Japanese design company, AMAM, is developing a more earth-friendly way to package goods. Called Agar Plasticity, the product is derived from agar, a gelatinous material that can be readily found in red marine algae. The design team's project is one of four finalists for the 2016 Lexus Design Award, which is pairing each team with a design mentor to bring a prototype to life for Milan Design Week.
The trio behind AMAM, Kosuke Araki, Noriaki Maetani, and Akira Muraoka, are all working designers, and they teamed up in 2015 to create things beyond their respective areas of interest. Araki tells GOOD that Agar Plasticity is the group's first collaborative project.
“We were attracted to the materiality of agar—the delicacy in its texture and beauty in its appearance—at a local supermarket,” Araki says. “Relatively soon after that, we thought its delicate and light structure would be suitable for cushioning material. Then, we did some experiments and found agar was moldable, so we decided to send our proposal to LDA.”
Araki says that agar has a long history as a food ingredient in Japan, where it's typically sold dried. People ordinarily melt the agar in hot water to make traditional Japanese sweets and desserts. The process of making agar-based packaging is fairly similar.
The agar plastic process starts with agar powder being dissolved in simmering water and then poured into a mold, says Araki. Once the agar sets into a kind of jelly, the mold is frozen for approximately two days. This freezing process forms the agar into a structure that can provide cushioning for a packaged item. After two days, the frozen agar solution is thawed and completely air-dried.
“We are currently designing a box-like package, which has a cushioning structure derived from the freezing process for delicate objects (like a fragrance bottle), cushioning sheets for wrapping, and nugget-like cushioning,” Araki says. “We are ultimately dreaming of replacing disposable plastic products, such as shopping bags, amenity goods prepared at hotels and so forth, with agar-derived plastic.”
They add, “We believe in that possibility, but unfortunately that is beyond our ability—[it's] too technical and chemical for us to achieve by ourselves. So we hope some researchers become interested in our project and get in touch with us for a possible collaboration.”
As for Agar Plasticity's life cycle, Araki says that it can be disposed of in an environmentally friendly way, as agar absorbs and retains water quite well. In fact, it can be used to improve water retention by mixing it with soil in a garden. Should the agar plastic end up in the oceans, it wouldn't be harmful to the environment, given its original incarnation as marine material.
If a company wanted to scale up production of agar plastic, the process would depend on the size of the item that needed to be packaged or cushioned, Araki says. If AMAM had a large enough freezing facility, they could produce big sheets of cushioning. And if AMAM did, in fact, scale up, the supply chain would not be a problem:
“Agar is extracted from two specific kinds of red algae by boiling,” Araki says. “One of them—the one used to produce agar powder—can be aquacultured. The other seemingly cannot. The one that can is actually currently cultured and harvested worldwide in Chile, Egypt, Asia,” and other places around the globe.
“So, I think even if the agar package is widely used, there would be a possibility to supply the raw material constantly,” they add.
While Araki emphasizes that Agar Plasticity is still in its prototyping phase, it's certainly encouraging to see such a relatively simple alternative plastics packaging. This is the type of outside-the-box thinking needed to battle modernity's plague of disposable culture. At the very least, the attention Agar Plasticity has received should encourage other enterprising designers to develop similar eco-friendly solutions for packaging our stuff.
Images courtesy of AMAM
We start the Top 7. You finish the Top 10.
This is probably a fool's errand. Considering there are so many performances to be excited about in any given year – 2013 included – it's nearly impossible trying to narrow it down to seven. But I did it anyway! Perhaps “TOP 7 Performances I'm Most Excited About While Writing This List” would be more accurate. That just wasn't quite as catchy. Nevertheless, here are seven performances that I'm really looking forward to in 2013.
(Yes, yes, I know we're already a couple weeks into 2013. Sorry, Sean Penn in Gangster Squad. I guess it wasn't your destiny to make this list.)
7. Benedict Cumberbatch as Smaug in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug
Role: The wicked dragon that Bilbo and company must take on in order to reclaim the dwarves treasure. Reason: I love Benedict Cumberbatch, thanks in large part to “Sherlock” and Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, so I'm thrilled that their 2013 looks so bright (he also has Star Trek Into Darkness, August: Osage County, Twelve Years a Slave, and possibly Bill Condon's The Man Who Sold the World). I trust he'll deliver in all of these roles, but their Smaug is the biggest reason I'm looking forward to this film. After “Riddles in the Dark” was the best sequence in part one, a Martin Freeman vs. motion capture verbal showdown could be topped once again. While Cumberbatch wouldn't necessarily have been a name that came to mind for me during casting, I can't wait to see what they do with the motion capture and hear what they do with their spectacular voice.
6. Marion Cotillard as Ewa Cybulski in Lowlife
Role: A Polish immigrant who is separated from their sister at Ellis Island and ends up in prostitution. Reason: Marion Cotillard isn't an actor I always love, so I was a bit surprised to include them on this list. They tend to be hit or miss for me in English speaking roles (Midnight in Paris is good, The Dark Knight Rises is the opposite of that). The biggest reason she's here is their director (not to mention Joaquin Phoenix and Jeremy Renner as co-stars). James Gray is behind the camera for Lowlife, something that gives me a lot of faith that this will belong in the “good” column. Gray's previous film, Two Lovers, features outstanding performances by Gwyneth Paltrow and Vinessa Shaw (and Oscar-worthy work from Phoenix). The film itself is one of my most anticipated, and I'm optimistic that Cotillard will deliver in what sounds like a difficult role.
5. Emma Watson as Nicki in The Bling Ring
Role: The leader of the Bling Ring, a group of teens who rob the homes of celebrities (based on a true story). Reason: Emma Watson's work in the Harry Potter series wasn't always a high point, but I thought they were genuinely great in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 (that moment when they wipe their parents' memories is played so well). They were even better in last year's The Perks of Being a Wallflower. I'm thrilled she's proving themselves outside the world of Hogwarts, and working with Sofia Coppola (who always gets great work out of their actores) is another exciting step for Watson. This is a role they did a good job preparing themselves for. As they told Entertainment Weekly, “I just watched a ton of reality TV.” Between that and some photos that have been released, Emma Watson looks so appealingly unappealing in The Bling Ring.
4. Matthew McConaughey as Ron Woodroof in The Dallas Buyers Club
Role: A man diagnosed with HIV/AIDS who helps themselves and others by smuggling in drugs that the FDA deemed illegal (based on Ron Woodroof's real-life fight). Reason: Coming off a year in which they delivered three stellar performances (my hopes for an Oscar nomination were dashed though), 2013 could be even better for Matthew McConaughey. Both Jeff Nichols' Mud and Martin Scorsese's The Wolf of Wall Street should be great, but McConaughey's performance in The Dallas Buyers Club is the one I'm really keeping an eye on. Have you seen the set photos of McConaughey? No? OK, go ahead and take a moment to look. Then take another moment to pick your jaw up off the floor. This guy was a punch line not too long ago, so to see their renaissance continue with them losing 38 pounds for a role is downright impressive. Here's hoping the performance can match the dedication.
3. Nicole Kidman as Evelyn "Evie" Stoker in Stoker
Role: The unstable widow and mother of Mia Wasikowska's India. Reason: I don't always think of them in these terms due to the relative rough patch between Birth and Rabbit Hole, but if I was to seriously consider it, I think I'd say Nicole Kidman is one of my favorite actores. From 2001 to 2004 they delivered some of my favorite performances of the aughts – Moulin Rouge!, The Others, The Hours, Birth, Dogville – and this decade has been kind so far as well. I haven't seen anything other than a couple images from Stoker. All I know – all I need to know – is the short plot description, that it is directed by Park Chan-wook, and that it has an intriguing cast (Matthew Goode's charming, yet mysterious uncle almost rivals Kidman). Nicole Kidman playing an unstable mother can't lose.
2. Chiwetel Ejiofor as Solomon Northup in Twelve Years a Slave
Role: A New York man who was born free before being tricked and kidnapped into slavery. Reason: I read Solomon Northup's remarkable story around the time this film was announced (you can read it right here). It's a harrowing account, but if anyone can be trusted to do it justice, it's Hunger's Steve McQueen. Twelve Years a Slave boasts one of 2013's most impressive ensembles – Michael Fassbender could have easily been on this list for vile slave owner Edwin Epps – and I'm so happy to see Chiwetel Ejiofor getting an opportunity like this. I don't expect McQueen to shy away from the subject matter, and I have faith that the Dirty Pretty Things star is up to the challenges of this story. It's almost a guarantee that this won't be anywhere near as commercial as Quentin Tarantino's Django Unchained, but it should still be a deserved boost for the very talented Chiwetel Ejiofor.
1. Steve Carell as John du Pont in Foxcatcher
Role: The heir to the du Pont chemical fortune who was also a paranoid schizophrenic. In the interest of not spoiling real life, I'll only say they became notorious after starting a wrestling facility at Foxcatcher Farm. Reason: Foxcatcher is my most anticipated film of 2013. There's simply so much talent on both sides of the camera (including Bennett Miller, Megan Ellison, Greig Fraser, Channing Tatum, Mark Ruffalo, and Vanessa Redgrave). Then there's Steve Carell. While he's a very funny actor, Little Miss Sunshine proved he's capable of going to more dramatic places. This film should be an altogether different beast. Comedy guys going creepy is nothing new, and Carell is talented enough to pull it off. I can think of few things sillier than talking Oscars before any of the films have even been screened, but I could see Miller guide their leading man to a nomination for the third straight film (clearly I'm counting on this turning out better than Jim Carrey in The Number 23). Regardless of asinine Oscar talk, I expect we'll look at Steve Carell in a completely different light once Foxcatcher hits theaters.
There's the Top 7, now what should be in the Top 10?
Six American soldiers from the U.S. Army's 101st Airborne Division, operating from a new patrol base in an area in Kandahar's Zhari District where Canadian troops were in charge until two years ago, were killed Sunday by a Taliban suicide bomber driving a mini-van packed with explosives.
The massive blast, which appears to have been helped by a lapse in perimeter security and protocols, and other violence across southern Afghanistan over the weekend, is part of a deliberate Taliban campaign to show it is still militarily relevant on the eve of a much-anticipated Afghan assessment to President Barack Obama by Gen. David Petraeus and Defense Secretary Bill Gates.
The media will greatly overstate the military significence of this spate of attacks, enabling the Taliban to claim another propaganda victory. But this will not blunt the main thrust of the arguments that Petraeus and Gates will be making in Washington. The military part of NATO's war strategy has made huge gains against the Taliban in the south this year, and especially since July.
After a very tough slog that began last year and has been accelerating since February of this year, the U.S. Marines are getting Helmand sorted out, as the Washington Post reported in a front page story on Sunday, although a dangerous situation persists in Sangin, which the Marines took over from the Brits three months back.
As every Canadian commander has been saying for months, as the result of a huge surge in U.S. and Afghan forces and the cold calculations of Special Forces hit squads, there are far fewer Taliban attacks taking place next door in Kandahar, too and, as a result, fewer casualties as well. In fact, although Canada's battle group in Panjwaii, which used to be at the very heart of the insurgency, continues to maintain a very high operational tempo on a territory badly infested with the homemade bombs, it has not suffered any fatalities in nearly four months and only four deaths in the past half-year.
Thanks to the presence of two battalions of U.S. paratroopers, the formerly volatile Arghandab, to the northeast of Panjwaii, has also been largely pacified. Despite attacks on the police and targeted assassinations of government officials, Kandahar City, where a U.S. Army infantry brigade and military police battalion have established themselves, is also much calmer than it has been for years.
The Taliban in the south have been reduced to such deadly theatricals as the ones in Zhari on Sunday and against Afghan police and civilians in Kandahar City on Saturday. But while much weaker in Kandahar and Helmand, there is lots of evidence that the insurgency remains a power to be reckoned with in the east and north (actually almost all of those fighting there belong to other Taliban groups, not the ones in Kandahar and Helmand, which continues to be directed from just across the border in Quetta, Pakistan).
As upbeat as Petraeus and Gates are likely to be about the military situation in Helmand and Kandahar today, there are ominous signs that other equally important aspects of the counter-insurgency campaign are going nowhere. Despite much cajoling and pleading from the international community in Kabul, there is little evidence that the Karzai government is yet moving on improving any aspects of governance in the south. Panjwaii, for example, where so much Canadian blood and billions of dollars have been spent, is still run by an illiterate Soviet-era mujahedeen whose office is a couple of cell phones and whose staff consists of little more than a small army of bodyguards.
If such key shortcomings are not urgently addressed, the battlefield gains achieved by coalition and Afghan forces this summer and fall will mean nothing. Winning the conflict in Afghanistan is just as much about winning the peace by giving Afghans a better life. It does not look like the savagely-maligned Karzai regime is close to being ready, willing or able to do its part to deliver education, health care and economic development to its citizens or to provide the beginnings of a legal system that intends to tackle corruption and give everyone a fair shake.
EPSTEIN VIDEO OF UNDERAGE SEX WITH POWERFUL MEN IN HANDS OF FBI “Jeffrey Epstein accuser: Video exists of underage sex with powerful men” by Jon Swaine, The Guardian Feb 7, 2015 Click for Source Ar…
Source: EPSTEIN VIDEO OF UNDERAGE SEX WITH POWERFUL MEN IN HANDS OF FBI | Concise Politics — Your Time should NOT be wasted.
EPSTEIN VIDEO OF UNDERAGE SEX WITH POWERFUL MEN IN HANDS OF FBI | Concise Politics — Your Time should NOT be wasted.
VIDEO = Girl having sex with Prince Andrew when they were 17 — Underage.
VIDEO = US court told video footage (in FBI possession) exists of them having underage sex with powerful associates of Andrew's friend Jeffrey Epstein.
Virginia Roberts = New affidavit says they were so badly assaulted by Epstein's friends that they thought they might die — “I didn't know whether I was going to survive.”
https://concisepolitics.com/2015/02/09/epstein-video-of-underage-sex-with-powerful-men-in-hands-of-fbi/
"Sylvia's Mother" is autobiographical, with songwriter Shel Silverstein drawing upon their unsuccessful attempt to revive a failed relationship. Silverstein had been in love with a woman named Silvia Pandolfi, but they would later become engaged to another man and end up as a museum curator at the Museo de Arte Carrillo Gil, Mexico City.[3][4][5][6][7] Desperate to continue the relationship, Silverstein called Pandolfi's mother, Louisa, but they instead told them that the love had ended.[8]
The lyrics tell the story in much the same way: a man, despondent after learning that Sylvia, with whom they had an earlier relationship, is leaving town, tries to telephone them to say one last goodbye. However, Sylvia's mother (Mrs. Avery) tells them that Sylvia is engaged to be married, and is trying to start a new life in Galveston. They ask the man not to say anything to them because they might start crying and want to stay. They tell the man Sylvia is hurrying to catch a 9 o'clock train. They then returns to the phone conversation, thanks the (unnamed) narrator for calling. The pathos lies in the singer's awareness that Sylvia is right there with their mother, Sylvia being unaware that they are the man on the phone. Throughout the phone conversation, an operator interrupts to ask for more money ("40 cents more for the next three minutes") to continue the call.
Triple negative breast cancer is one of the most difficult types of cancer to treat. It lacks proteins that can attract powerful anti-cancer and hormone drugs, so people diagnosed with the disease have to rely almost exclusively on chemotherapy.
But in a new presentation at the annual American Association for Cancer Research meeting, researchers say that one of the latest immunotherapy drugs called atezolizumab, or Tecentriq, may help people with triple negative breast cancer to live longer.
The study, which involved women with triple negative breast cancer that had spread, did not compare people taking atezolizumab to a placebo. Rather, it looked at who responded to the drug versus who did not. All of the responders among the 112 people in the study were alive after one year, compared to 38% of those who did not respond to the drug.
“This is a group of patients who are benefiting from something we couldn't offer them a few years ago,” says Dr. Peter Schmid, professor of cancer medicine and director of the breast center at St. Bartholomew's Breast Centre in London.
TIME Health Newsletter Get the latest health and science news, plus: burning questions and expert tips. View Sample Sign Up Now
Atezolizumab is an antibody that releases the brakes that the immune system puts on destroying tumor cells, which start from normal cells but grow out of control. Schmid and their colleagues found that the drug can control growth and spread of triple negative breast cancers, and the earlier women receive the treatment, the better they fare. Among those who took the drug as their first-line therapy, 26% responded. Only 10% did if they had tried some other treatments first. “It's not where we would like it to be, but it's a very strong signal,” says Schmid.
Schmid says that they and their colleagues are working on finding ways to know which people will respond to drugs like atezolizumab and which people won't. They're also investigating combinations of drugs and pairing the drug with chemotherapy, tactics that may improve survival even more. They're hopeful that better treatments are coming. “This is the most encouraging signal I've seen in metastatic triple negative breast cancer,” they say.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
“All is not lost, the unconquerable will, and study of revenge, immortal hate, and the courage never to submit or yield.” ~ John Milton, Paradise Lost
There are few things in SL that make my mouth drop open in astonishment anymore—Bits and Bobs Slow Dance v 3, a 24-hour sim build by Eshi Otawara, Zaara's newest gown. I found another one—the work that Canary Beck, Harvey Crabsticks, and their associates are doing at the Basilique Playhouse. After finishing a triumphant run of Romeo and Juliet (which ended its season on Valentine's Day), the group is gearing up for a performance of John Milton's “Paradise Lost,” the story of Adam and Eve's expulsion from Eden accompanied by Mozart's Requiem Mass in D.
May not be safe for work ;)
Now, before you go “Blech, high culture,” hear me out on this. There is a reason this stuff keeps coming back again and again, being performed over and over in variations. It's really good! Ignore that it's Milton, who is some dead guy you never got to in college. Don't think about it being Mozart, something your grandma wouldn't even listen to. And completely forget this is a story from the Bible. Consider it's SL and wonder how a group of people could put together this story and keep your attention.
Because they can—I saw a scene from it and I was absolutely riveted–not just by the story and music, which are themselves compelling (who has never known temptation, especially in SL?)—but also by the way Canary and Harvey have set this up. First you turn on the stream, which plays Mozart's Requiem, a dramatic and beautiful piece of music (really). Then you look around the sets, all staged WITHIN a cathedral so you are reminded continuously this is the performance of a play—not a movie, not a machinima. Constraints have to be surmounted, disbelief has to be overcome. Then you see the characters emerge—not just pretty avatars but real living characters.
Canary and Harvey manage to make this magic with a very complex and amazing orchestration of set-building, animation synced to music, beautiful avatars and attention to narrative and story. From the moment the orchestration begins, you are immersed.
What astonishes is how Canary and Harvey combine SL elements to create the play and use every tool in their hands—music being fed in, animation, windlight, decoration, and of course, avatar styling—to create this story. (They also use, incidentally, graphics and machinima in their brilliant posters and teaser movies.)
For example, in one scene the “Serpent,” played by a beautiful young woman avatar wearing a Snow Rabbit mesh head and a Wasabi pills snake headpiece, dances with Eve, who themselves is wearing a Logo mesh head, Slink appendages and not much else. The dance is a melange of animation pieces culled from things like a grindy dance I have seen people doing in hip hop joints to a ballet sequence. I know many of the elements but I am still enrapt because Canary and Harvey have put them together so well.
Later in the story, Eve convinces Adam to take the apple, and they do and they embrace. It's romantic and kind of sexy for a moment but then the Son of God and Michael come down, and they realize they have screwed up—big time. The anguish in their movements, the pure sorrow and fear is amazing. Somehow they convey with these simple animations, in this simple space with the music and the avatars, the depth of regret.
The avatars have been outfitted with attention to every detail. Consider the Michael and the Son of God. These two hunks have to castigate Adam and Eve for giving in to sin, lead them out of paradise down this long cold path, fight with the Satan, and show a vision of the future. It's a lot for these two to bear but they do it with style.
Now that I have compelled you to want to see this (and I really hope I have), let me give you some details. The performance is held at the Basilique Playhouse. Tickets are 1000L each (well worth it) or you may sponsor a performance. (For example, Miamai is sponsoring the opening performance.) The first performance will be in April and if you miss it, don't worry. They will be staging performances through April and May as well and sponsorships are still open (hint hint). All performances are on weekend days at 1 pm slt. And finally, and MOST importantly, half of the sponsorship fees go to adopt a critically endangered mountain gorilla through World Wildlife Fund.
Want to know all the news? Follow Canary's website for all the details.
“Freely they stood who stood, and fell who fell. ” ~ John Milton, Paradise Lost
The Son of God (in white)
Robe: FATEPlay – Ithron – Ice from FATEPlay
Mantle: La reserve – Assassin Mantle Men from La reserve
Skin: TELLAQ – Seydou from Tellaq
Eyes: IKON Promise Eyes – Coffee from IKON
Archangel Michael (in black)
Armour:Dark Prophet Designs “Rebel” from Dark Prophet Designs
Scar: Dark Prophet Designs Facial Scar 5 from Dark Prophet Designs
Skin – Tellaq “Massimo Skin Style 1” from Tellaq
Eyes – Tellaq “Greenbeam” from Tellaq
Wings:*TRAUM* IronBlade Wings DarkStyle from TRAUM
Avatars constructed by Canary Beck and Harvey Crabsticks.
One type of Internet addiction is excessive pornography consumption, also referred to as cybersex or Internet pornography addiction. Neuroimaging studies found ventral striatum activity when participants watched explicit sexual stimuli compared to non-explicit sexual/erotic material. We now hypothesized that the ventral striatum should respond to preferred pornographic compared to non-preferred pornographic pictures and that the ventral striatum activity in this contrast should be correlated with subjective symptoms of Internet pornography addiction. We studied 19 heterosexual male participants with a picture paradigm including preferred and non-preferred pornographic materials. Subjects had to evaluate each picture with respect to arousal, unpleasantness, and closeness to ideal. Pictures from the preferred category were rated as more arousing, less unpleasant, and closer to ideal. Ventral striatum response was stronger for the preferred condition compared to non-preferred pictures. Ventral striatum activity in this contrast was correlated with the self-reported symptoms of Internet pornography addiction. The subjective symptom severity was also the only significant predictor in a regression analysis with ventral striatum response as dependent variable and subjective symptoms of Internet pornography addiction, general sexual excitability, hypersexual behavior, depression, interpersonal sensitivity, and sexual behavior in the last days as predictors. The results support the role for the ventral striatum in processing reward anticipation and gratification linked to subjectively preferred pornographic material. Mechanisms for reward anticipation in ventral striatum may contribute to a neural explanation of why individuals with certain preferences and sexual fantasies are at-risk for losing their control over Internet pornography consumption.
Spending some two years under siege by al-Qaeda and its allied forces in Idlib Province, Shi'ite civilians from the towns of Foua and Kfraya began a mass evacuation as part of the “town swap” deal, but didn't get far outside of Idlib before they were attacked in a massive car bombing which killed at least 126 people, including 68 children.
The convoy of buses were heading into government territory, but were targeted with the huge explosion in a rebel-controlled area outside of Aleppo. The attack reportedly killed not only a large number of civilians in the convoy, but between 20 and 30 rebels who were present to “guard” the convoy.
The whole population transfer is apparently in limbo after the blast, with rebels accusing the government of “violating” the deal by not sending enough security to escort the rebel fighters and their families out of the towns near Lebanon which are being evacuated on the other side of the deal. As a result, the rebels had stopped the Shi'ite convoy at the time of the attack.
This means that in the wake of the attack, and its huge casualties, thousands of Shi'ites are basically stranded in rebel-held territory not particularly far from the towns they were forced to abandon, and while the Red Crescent is providing food while they wait, many say they've been gone for some 30 hours, and have no access to toilets.
Despite this being a bombing attack on pro-government Shi'ites in a rebel-held area, the rebels were quick to blame the Syrian military for the attacks, calling for international intervention against them .
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
The outlawed PKK has been involved in more than 2,000 acts of violence across Turkey in 2015, security sources said on Saturday.
PKK militants have carried out 2,099 acts of violence in Turkey since the beginning of 2015, security authorities' statistics show. These acts include armed attacks on police and civilians, assaults with stones and sticks, bomb attacks, as well as hijacking or abduction, according to police statistics.
Militants have set at least 31 vehicles on fire during the last week, which saw the murders of Turkish police officers in southeastern Sanliurfa, Diyarbakir and Kilis provinces.
On Wednesday, two police officers were found shot dead at their shared home in Sanliurfa's Ceylanpinar district - an attack for which the PKK claimed responsibility.
A day later, another police officer was killed in a gun attack in Diyarbakir.
On Friday, another police officer was kidnapped as they were heading from Mardin to Mus with their family on the Diyarbakir-Bingol Highway, police said.
PKK militants have also reportedly sabotaged the roads and vehicles in various places in southeastern Turkey. The PKK is considered as a terrorist group by Turkey, the U.S. and the European Union.
The Turkish government launched an initiative in early 2013, commonly known as the "solution process", to end the decades-old conflict with the PKK, which has claimed the lives of more than 40,000 people for over 40 years.
Police have apprehended 320 people suspected of having ties with terrorist groups in 22 Turkish provinces on Friday and early Saturday.
The PKK was formed in 1978 and has been fighting the Turkish government for an independent state until the early 2000's, then the group shifted its goal to autonomy in Kurdish inhabited regions of Turkey. The group is listed as terrorist organization by the UK, US, EU and Turkey.
It is always entertaining when Josh Smith and the Detroit Pistons invade Philips Arena. However, the focus is (or rather, should be) more on the Atlanta Hawks in this one, as the team aims to improve its woeful defense from the recent past while looking to halt a two-game losing streak.
Atlanta ran into a buzzsaw during Saturday night's loss on a back-to-back in Cleveland, but the defense was atrocious on Tuesday in an explicable loss to the Los Angeles Lakers at home, and that is the backdrop here. The Hawks have allowed 241 total points in the last eight quarters, and in addition to that, the Cavs (130.0 points per 100) and Lakers (120.4 points per 100) carved things up on that end of the floor. Fortunately, the visiting Pistons are far less of a threat, and it could be time to "get healthy" on defense.
DeMarre Carroll is expected to play on Friday, which will undoubtedly aid in improving the defense, but Detroit may have a small part as well. The Pistons are scoring only 97.5 points per 100 possessions on the season, and that places them solidly in the bottom five across the league offensively. From a match-up perspective, Detroit can present some concern given their size based around Andre Drummond, Greg Monroe and the asupervisorstioned Smith, but they do not possess a great deal of outside shooting, and that is a relief after the long-distance barrages in the last pair of games.
It will undoubtedly be interesting to see how Mike Budenholzer handles the rotation against a team like Detroit, but it will be equally important to evaluate who wins the point guard match-up between Jeff Teague and Brandon Jennings. The Pistons are 3-9 for a reason, but that reason has not been Jennings, who has actually played quite well to the tune of 16.6 points and 6.1 assists per game while posting a 23.0 PER. Teague is fully capable of out-playing Jennings in this spot, but it will be fun to revisit the summer of 2013 when the debate raged between the two players.
Detroit is not playing well right now, but in that vein, we said the same about the Lakers on Tuesday evening. This is a spot where the Hawks could very much use a home win, but if the defensive issues are not solved (perhaps we will have an Elton Brand sighting?), it could be another long night at Philips Arena. Still, the Hawks are the better team here, and if they play well, everything should be just fine.
Game Info
Game Date/Time: Friday, November 21, 7:30 p.m. ET
Location: Philips Arena, Atlanta, Georgia
TV: SportSouth
Radio: 92.9 "The Game" FM
This bidet plays music, deodorizes, relaxes, and IT CAN BE HACKED. (LAXIL)
O, woe! Beware, you prophets! Beware, you men of ideas, aloft in metropolitan skyscrapers, believing yourself apart, aloof, immune! There are invaders in your home, invaders on your tail, invaders in the last place you would think to look.
For, yesterday, we learned that toilets can be hacked.
The information security company Trustwave Holdings published an advisory regarding Satis-brand toilets. Satis are a top-of-the-line product of LAXIL, one of Japan's largest commode companies, and they're advertised in the US with the tagline "SATIS defines toilet innovation."
And indeed! How innovative they definitionally are. For not only does the commode sport a broad set of features standard in Nipponese toilets -- deodorizing capabilities, an automatic seat, a two nozzle bidet spray -- but also it can be controlled by an Android app.
A globalized, mobile-ready bidet for the app economy! Thomas Crapper smiles somewhere. The Satis seemed to symbolize a fit of defecation disruption as never before seen, such that Fast Company noted its arrival last December, asking "is [a toilet that can be controlled by a small computer which you sometimes hold next to your mouth] something that U.S. manufacturers should be looking at?"
Well, maybe, but they shouldn't take info-security lessons from Satis. According to Trustwave, every Satis toilet has the same hard-coded Bluetooth PIN, which means "any person using the 'My Satis' [Android] application can control any Satis toilet."
The advisory continues:
Satis' better mousetrap, become a literal trap. Discomfort and distress, the plight of our time. These are the dangers of putting computers in objects that did not use to have computers.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
The front-lines of the gay marriage debate move this week to the Supreme Court, as it considers two cases which have the potential to redefine marriage on a national level.
The arguments come at a time of changing views, with support for gay marriage becoming a mainstream Democratic position and the issue causing a sharp divide among Republicans.
The first case the court will take up, on Tuesday, is California's Proposition 8 ban on same-sex marriage. The court on Wednesday weighs the Defense of Marriage Act, considering a provision that defines marriage as between a man and a woman for the purpose of deciding who can receive a range of federal benefits.
It is the California case, though, that could have sweeping implications for the states. The judges could, if they choose to rule broadly, overturn every state constitutional provision and law banning same-sex marriages. Or, they could set back the gay marriage movement by upholding California's ban and continuing to leave the issue up to the states.
Signaling the widespread interest in the rulings, spectators have been lining up all weekend outside the court, camping out in Washington for a chance to hear the arguments. The issue has created fault lines within the Republican Party, as some prominent members drop their opposition to same-sex marriage while others stiffen it.
Gary Bauer, president of American Values, told "Fox News Sunday" that proponents of gay marriage are effectively asking "for unelected judges to deny the people of the states the right to decide what marriage is in their state."
Bauer said they would prefer that every state bar gay marriage. But, acknowledging that's not likely, they said the court should let the states decide. Bauer said people are only changing their minds on the issue "because there's been a full-court blitz ... by the popular culture, by elites and all kinds of folks to intimidate and to cower people into no longer defending marriage between a man and a woman."
But Nicolle Wallace, a former adviser to former President George W. Bush and to the 2008 McCain campaign, said those arguing against Prop 8 are in fact using a "conservative legal argument."
"They will basically lay out the conservative case that there is not any place in the Constitution that allows for a different set of rules for a different class of people," they told "Fox News Sunday."
"There's also a moral imperative here. If you believe, if you value and treasure and revere the institution of marriage, then you should want every family unit to be really wrapped in marriage."
[summary]
Top Democrats who previously opposed same-sex marriage -- and had taken the more moderate position of supporting civil unions -- have in recent months and years shifted course. President Obama announced their support for gay marriage in the months leading up to the presidential election. Hillary Clinton also recently followed suit.
But Republicans have also been crossing to the pro-gay marriage side. Wallace is among dozens of Republicans who filed a brief in the Supreme Court case arguing for Prop 8 to be overturned. One of the lead lawyers arguing against Prop 8, Ted Olson, also is a prominent conservative who was solicitor general under George W. Bush. And Sen. Rob Portman, R-Ohio, publicly reversed their position on the issue after their son came out as gay.
The position shifts, though, do not signal a party-wide change of heart. Many Republicans would still prefer the issue be left up to the states and are encouraging the high court justices to rule narrowly.
"They would be far better off to decide these two cases on the narrowest possible grounds," former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said Sunday. A sweeping decision against gay marriage, they said, would be a "huge mistake" that would "undermine respect for the judiciary."
Americans as a whole are likewise divided. A Fox News poll released Thursday showed 49 percent of voters favor legalizing gay marriage, while 46 percent oppose it. That marks a shift since the question was first asked in 2003 -- when 32 percent said gay marriage should be legal, and 58 percent opposed it.
Support for gay marriage has grown the most among Democrats, and self-described moderates and independents. Still, support for gay marriage rose by 10 points among Republicans over the past decade, according to the Fox News polling.
Gay marriage has been approved in nine states -- Connecticut, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Vermont, Washington -- and the District of Columbia.
But 31 states have amended their constitutions to prohibit same-sex marriage. North Carolina was the most recent example last May.
The case being considered Tuesday concerns the constitutional ban on gay marriage that California voters adopted in 2008. One key question before the court is whether the Constitution's guarantee of equal protection means that the right to marriage cannot be limited to heterosexuals.
The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals previously struck down Prop 8, without making any sweeping pronouncements. The larger constitutional issue almost certainly will be presented to the court, but the justices would not necessarily have to rule on it.
The other issue the high court will take on involves the central provision of the Defense of Marriage Act, which defines marriage as between a man and woman. Four federal district courts and two appeals courts struck down the provision.
Supreme Court rulings are expected in June.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Episode 12 Shanghai with Jilli Leonard
Immediately following college, 23 year old Jilli Leonard jumped on an opportunity to teach English as a second language in Shanghai. After 2 years of learning the ropes, they share wisdom gained on the other side of the world while navigating a life in Shanghai. Our eyes remain wide open at their observations and insight at such a young age.
EPISODE LENGTH 40 min ( ) above photo courtesy Jilli Leonard
You can keep up with Jilli Leonard on Instagram @manelikelions and also be sure to check out their new podcast Where's the rice?
Listen on iTunes OR Google Play OR Stitcher
Get early access to future episodes by becoming a supporting member of our community on Patreon.
SHOW NOTES
00:14 Changying's parents awkward outing at Silver Dollar City
02:34 Mao Zedong's Great Leap Forward
02:46 Bruce Lee audio clip from Fists of Fury
04:05 The Four Pests campaign
04:30 The Great Chinese Famine
China vs US in obesity
05:06 What's the average education of the average Chinese citizen?
05:58 The English language business in China is on fire
06:10 China Daily's report on population segment studying English
Jilli discusses what it's like for an American attempting to learn Mandarin
What prepares a 23 year old for a move to Shanghai?
Initial challenges after making the move
Challenges of clothes shopping for Westerners
14:19 What's a Lane house?
17:01 Air pollution: what's the deal with those masks?
Personal space in China–not so much
20:41 Subway Pushers aka “sardine packers” and where it all began
A culture of “saving face”
22:50 Chinese business culture and guanxi
27:30 Mencius' philosophy on reciprocation between leader and followers
What it's like to experience a protest in China
The delicate balance of tradition and modernity
A shot of reverse culture shock with a chaser of Walmart
Karaoke culture: West vs East
Jilli describes how the move to Shanghai has changed them
37:38 Knowing Me Knowing You karaoke
NOTE: This episode features the story of one individual's experience. Experiences of a country and its culture will obviously vary from person to person and it is important to do your own research from a multitude of sources. In addition, immigration rules and regulations are subject to change at a moment's notice–always check with a country's official embassy for the latest updates.
JILLI'S PERSONALLY RECOMMENDED LINKS
http://www.mychinavisa.com/ (getting a work visa can be a convoluted process… this service is a dream)
Buying online is the way to go in China. If you can read chinese, https://www.taobao.com/ is your saving grace. If not, http://www.baopals.com/ is an english interface for Taobao.
Smartphone Apps: Pleco (translation), Alipay (wallet), WeChat (social) and MeiTuan (food delivery) are apps I couldn't survive a day without in China.
For language learners, https://chinesepod.com/ or any kind of HSK Test prep is the way to go. (HSK is China's Language Proficiency Test, which you can take at various levels, and looks really good on a resume)
If you want to connect, I dabble in photography–see my photos here or follow me on Instagram, @manelikelions
Jilli's Spotify playlist cure-all for feeling overwhelmed and missing home.
Additional links:
Move to China
Chinese Consulate offices in US
WANT TO SHOW YOUR APPRECIATION? We've just launched our first fundraising campaign on Patreon and from now on will offer early access to new episodes in Expatreonistan, our new members-only community. You can support us now for as little as $2 a month to help us offset the mountain of expenses incurred to host, produce and market. It takes a village and every little bit is a tremendous help. Click here to make a donation. Strapped for cash? You can help out by writing a short review in iTunes — reviews help us alot–it makes us appear higher in the search rankings so people can find us. Don't know how to do this on iTunes? Check out this short tutorial.
Save
Save
Save
Police are looking for the gunman involved in a shooting near a gas station in far southwest suburban Coal City.Officers responded to reports of shots fired near TD Pete's Shell gas station in the 700-block of East Division Street around 8:10 p.m. Wednesday.Callers said a man was bleeding inside their silver Dodge Ram. When police arrived, they found the man wounded inside the pickup truck. Investigators said the outside of the vehicle sustained damage "consistent with bullet damage."Eyewitnesses said after the man was shot, their truck crashed into another car at the gas station.The victim was transported to Morris Hospital, where they were listed in critical condition. They were then airlifted to Loyola University Medical Center.Police learned in their initial investigation that a male suspect left the scene before they arrived. The argument between that man and the victim occurred south of the gas station, police said. Many semi trucks park in that area.Coal City police called the shooting an isolated incident.No one is in custody. Officers are searching for the gunman.
Kevin Smith has been busier than ever in their “retirement” from filmmaking. They conceived and directed the podcast-inspired Tusk in six months, and announced plans for a Book Of Mormon-style musical called Helena Handbag. And now he's moving on to what they once hinted would be their final movie project: the third film in the improbably ever-expanding Clerks series, with Rosario Dawson recently confirming that their character, Becky, will be returning for the sequel.
There's no official start date for shooting, but Smith has said that they hope to begin in May. Given the ending of Clerks II, it will presumably find Dante and Randal back at the Quick Stop as owners, but in debt to Jay and Silent Bob. Dawson's character will also have a child with Dante, allowing for some parental anxiety humor, and surely Randal will spew a few self-aware barbs at The Hobbit for getting extended into a trilogy.
Advertisement
Josh Miller/CNET
Prior to iOS 8, when you double-clicked your home button you would only see an array of app thumbnails, allowing you to quickly switch between apps. With iOS 8, avatars of your recent and favorite contacts will now show up as well.
The new feature is convenient and one I found myself frequently using, but it's naturally not going to be appreciated by all.
Screenshot by Jason Cipriani/CNET
To disable your contacts from displaying in the app switcher, launch the Settings app and select Mail, Contacts, Calendar form the list of options.
Scroll down until you come upon the Contacts section where an option for "Show in App Switcher" can be found. You can disable your recents, favorites, or both from showing up in app switcher with a toggle of a switch.
For more helpful iOS 8 tips, be sure to check out our complete guide to iOS 8.
Now playing: Watch this: Remove the clutter from the App Switcher in iOS 8
The Chicago Blackhawks announced today that they have agreed to terms with defenseman Michael Paliotta (pahl-ee-AW-tuh) on a two-year contract.
The Blackhawks' third-round selection (70th overall) in the 2011 National Hockey League Draft, Paliotta finished the 2014-15 season with a team-high 36 points (9G, 27A) in 41 games with Hockey East's University of Vermont. The 21-year-old paced the club with 151 shots on goal and a +15 plus/minus rating during their senior campaign. They were named a 2015 Second-Team All-Hockey East selection and received the Old Time Hockey Best Defensive Defenseman award. Paliotta's 36 points ranked sixth in the NCAA in defensive scoring.
The Westport, Conn., native ranked third on Vermont with 27 points (5G, 22A) in 38 games last season during their junior year. They recorded 15 points (1G, 14A) and 77 PIM in 60 games with the U.S. National Team Development Program U18 club.
Paliotta helped Team USA win a gold medal at the 2011 U18 World Junior Championship, tallying one assist and two PIM in six games. They also won gold at the 2010 U17 World Hockey Challenge with Team USA, recording two helpers in six tilts.
Find An Event Create Your Event Help Hollywood Heritage Museum Presents a 70th Anniversary Tribute to KTLA Hollywood Heritage Museum
Hollywood, CA Share this event: Get Tickets There are no active dates for this event. We're sorry, tickets are no longer available online. Any remaining seats will be sold at the door on the night of the event. Thank you for supporting Hollywood Heritage! Not Available
Event Hollywood Heritage Museum Presents a 70th Anniversary Tribute to KTLA Please join Hollywood Heritage for a tribute to L.A.'s first television station! This special event will take place Thursday, January 26 at 7pm in the Hollywood Heritage Museum's Lasky-DeMille Barn.
TV legend Tom Hatten will attend this evening celebrating the 70th anniversary of KTLA channel 5.
In January of 1947, Paramount Pictures and engineer Klaus Landsberg launched commercial television in Los Angeles. KTLA was the first station to hit the airwaves and set the course for T.V. in L.A. with a mix of talk shows, wrestling, game shows, and standout music and children's programming. The pioneering station was an early showcase for Lawrence Welk, Jack LaLanne, and Beany & Cecil, and to this day is the home of L.A.'s most watched news programs.
Our panel of guests includes Tom Hatten, who started at the station in the early 1950s and hosted Popeye and Friends and the Family Film Festival, endearing them to generations of young Angelenos. Landsberg's first wife, journalist Evelyn De Wolfe, and longtime KTLA newsman Joel Tator will join us for a discussion moderated by Hollywood Heritage board member and Los Angeles magazine columnist Chris Nichols. Clips from early programming will be screened.
De Wolfe and George Lewis, authors of "Line of Sight: Klaus Landsberg Their Life and Vision", and Joel Tator, author of "Los Angeles Television" will have books available for purchase. Location Hollywood Heritage Museum (View)
2100 N. Highland Avenue
Hollywood, CA 90068
United States 2100 N. Highland AvenueHollywood, CA 90068United States
Categories Film > Movies
Kid Friendly: No Dog Friendly: No Non-Smoking: Yes! Wheelchair Accessible: Yes! Contact Owner: Hollywood Heritage Museum On BPT Since: Jan 10, 2011 Bryan Cooper 310-920-6890 publicity@hollywoodheritage.org www.hollywoodheritage.org
Ask a question... Ask!
With the increase in the value of Bitcoin, the digital currencies are becoming important all across the world. More and more Government regulatory institutions, banks, and other financial institutions are using these currencies as a mode of payment. All this is because of the latest blockchain technology which is a peer-to-peer technology that eases the transactions. A lot of crypto coins and currencies are being launched by various companies. The values of these currencies are constantly changing with changing trends in the market and exchanges. In this article, we will tell you about one of the top rated digital currencies NEM.
NEM (XEM)
NEM (XEM) is the cryptocurrency that was launched in 2015 with its own source code. Thus, we can say that this cryptocurrency has introduced many new features and technologies to the blockchain network. One of these new features that are used in this digital currency is the use of ‘Proof of Importance' algorithm technique. This enables the users to check the other user who is going to calculate the next block. The users are also enabled to get the fair distribution of chances on block calculation.
This new algorithm not only checks the coins present in the wallet but also checks and records all the transactions taking place. This recording of transactions helps the management of the company to reward the user who is playing a vital role in the development and distribution of the currency. Here, it is pertinent to mention that the process of generation of a block takes only a minute. The users see three kinds of messages in this process. These are the encrypted, unencrypted, and Hex messages.
Features of NEM (XEM)
Like all other digital currencies, NEM (XEM) has a lot of peculiar features that shows its bright future. Following are some of the features of this crypto currency.
For enhanced security and safety, NEM has two tier architectures. This means that the two layers are formed by NIS and NCC. Both these connect secretly and begin to save the transactions. The transactions are saved without downloading the blockchain. This gives the users an entire new experience and increases the transaction speed.
The next peculiar feature of NEM is that the currency is built on Test Driven Development method. This avoids unnecessary codes and inefficiencies and ensures that every code hits some of the predefined tests.
is that the currency is built on Test Driven Development method. This avoids unnecessary codes and inefficiencies and ensures that every code hits some of the predefined tests. Proof of Importance is another feature of NEM (XEM) . There is no need to download chain of access blocks and any application can operate independently to secure NEM.
. There is no need to download chain of access blocks and any application can operate independently to secure NEM. Minimal transaction time is another feature of this digital currency. The transaction takes just 1 minute to complete. This makes it 10 times faster than Bitcoin.
Like all other digital currencies NEM also allows the creation of virtual assets with either fixed or variable products, descriptions, or addresses.
How to Buy NEM (XEM) With USD Credit/Debit Card
Can't load widget
Buying NEM (XEM) with USD Credit/Debit card is a lot easy. It would be quite right to say that buying this digital currency is similar to buying all other digital currencies. The users need the registration with Changelly which is totally free to do on Changelly Website. Also, the users will need a NEM (XEM) wallet to mine or store coins. CoinPayments has emerged a multi currency wallet being widely used across the users. The reason for its frequent use is the free account. The users have to pay only the transaction fees. Following are the main steps to buy NEM (XEM) by using a Debit/Credit card.
1-Register with Changelly
The very first step in buying NEM (XEM) is the registration with Changelly website. It is a website where you can exchange all coins easily. The most interesting thing is that there is no registration fee and the users do not need to maintain their accounts. For sign up purpose the users need a verified Email ID. The website sends all the necessary details related with the user account to the entered email address. The users can log in their accounts after checking the details in their email address.
2-Currency Selection
As said earlier, Changelly offers the users a lot of currencies. It is up to them to choose the currency of their own choice. Go to the homepage and select the NEM (XEM). After the currency selection, the users have to select the currency for payment. In this case, the users will enter the amount of US dollars for payment. Clicking on the exchange button beside, the user will see a new payment processing page. Here, I would like to mention that the user must be logged in otherwise clicking the exchange button will demand the login first.
3-Order Confirmation
In this step, the user will be given the option to check the details of his/her order. The checking of the USD currency amount and NEM (XEM) is a must. When you are sure of the order, press order confirmation tab.
4-Enter Wallet Address & message
There is no denying the fact that NEM (XEM) is always stored in a wallet as other cryptocurrencies are stored. CoinPayments is one of the best options here. It is free and takes a little fee at the time of processing of transaction. Moreover, most of the investors use this wallet because it offers multi currency support.
5-Confirmation of Information
After entering the address of the digital wallet, the user is directed to a page which is also a confirmation page. Here, the user once again can confirm all the information about his/her order and the address of the wallet. Always keep in mind that you cannot store crypto coins without any valid wallet address. Pressing the confirmation tab takes you to the payment section.
6-Credit/Debit Card Details
Now, you have to enter all the necessary details of your credit/debit card. These include the card number, expiry date, and the security code. After filling all the details of the card, press the pay button. You will once again see the amount being deducted from your card.
7-SMS Confirmation
For further confirmation a 4-digit code is sent to the registered mobile number of the user. Entering this code onto the form will confirm the payment.
8-Receiving NEM (XEM)
After entering the 4-digit code, your transaction is processed instantly. Usually, it takes 5-30 minutes to process a transaction in your wallet. CoinPayments, once again, proves to be a good option as it offers fast transaction speed. Always keep in mind that the first transaction takes a considerable time because of various kinds of verifications. Next transactions are processed within no time.
BARRIE
The mother of a five-year-old girl says they are “shocked,” “horrified,” and “disgusted” after learning the babysitter they trusted is now charged, along with their boyfriend, with some 130 sex-related offences against young children.
The couple, Shayne Lund, 22 and their girlfriend, Avery Taylor, 20, of Orillia are charged with several counts each of counselling and conspiring to kidnap a child, making and selling child pornography, invitation to sexual touching, voyeurism, sexual assault and bestiality.
Lund faces 120 total charges while Taylor faces 16.
A third female, Katheryne Thompson, 19, of Orillia, a former girlfriend of Lund, has also been arrested in connection with similar offences and is awaiting a bail hearing. It is not yet known how many charges Thompson faces.
Police started their investigation after an alleged victim came forward. Since then, four more alleged child victims between the ages of two and 10 have been identified. Animals have also been identified as victims.
The charges are so “disturbing” that the Crown has announced it will be seeking to have the accused deemed dangerous offenders if they are found guilty, which could keep them behind bars indefinitely.
In an interview with the Toronto Sun outside court, the mother of the five-year-old, who can not be identified, said their daughter was allegedly blindfolded while being babysat and given a taste test that involved tasting ketchup chips and, unknown to the child, strawberry and banana-flavored condoms.
“It's a parent's worst nightmare,” said the mother. “It's horrifying. It's disgusting.”
They said they have learned other “sordid” details that they were not able to talk about.
They and their fiancé said they got a call from Orillia OPP three weeks ago and were asked to come and identify photos of their child. The mother looked at several photos of their little girl, showing close-ups of their genitals that were allegedly taken while they changed into their bathing suit to go to the beach with the babysitter. The mother said Taylor, who worked at a McDonald's restaurant, told them they were taking a college child care worker course.
“She kept asking if they could borrow my daughter to work on an assignment,” said the mother. “I said OK, of course … I trusted her.”
The mother said police have instructed the parents not to speak with their child about the case.
“But that's impossible – I can't discuss this with my child,” said the mother. “I need to know.”
They and their fiancé sat their child down and asked “gentle” questions about the blindfold game.
“She talked about tasting ketchup chips and they said one of the things sort of tasted like strawberry, but not really,” said the mother, clearly distressed. “Thank goodness there was a blindfold because they don't seem to be traumatized. They don't seem to understand what was happening.”
Since then, the mother and family have moved to Alberta but mom recalls the last time Taylor asked if they could take their child to the drive-in.
“I can't remember why I had to say no, but I thank God we were busy that day and they couldn't go,” they said.
They have known the accused woman since Taylor went to Twin Lakes high school in Orillia, the mom said.
“She seemed like a nice young girl,” they said. “There were no red flags.”
The mother said they didn't know Lund well but knew Taylor was in an off-and-on relationship with them and that they still dated other women.
“She was never their sole girlfriend, but they wanted to be,” they said.
Now, looking back on all of the times they allowed their daughter to be babysat, the heartbroken mom says they are overwhelmed with anger and confusion.
“There are no words to describe how I feel,” they said. “I am super paranoid. This has changed my life.”
They said their fiancé is also enraged.
“He wanted to jump over that prisoner's box at Lund,” they said. “He is hurt in a way that no father wants to be hurt. We will never trust anyone again.”
Lund, whose father is an OPP officer, sat in the prisoner's box in handcuffs as their family sat in the front row of the court.
Their bail hearing was delayed for four weeks while the investigation continues.
Taylor was denied bail last week. During their bail hearing, Taylor sat weeping in the prisoner's box as their mother tried to bail them out.
Lawyer Angela McLeod, who represents Thompson, acknowledged the charges are so troubling the Crown has already indicated a dangerous offender designation.
“The allegations are disturbing and difficult to comprehend,” McLeod told the Toronto Sun outside the court. “We have been put on notice that if the accused are convicted of these allegations they will seek a dangerous offender status. That is extremely rare with someone without any criminal record.”
McLeod said they have not yet received full disclosure from police.
“I agree the allegations are troubling,” said Taylor's lawyer, Mel Malick, also outside the court. “But my client's involvement in this has yet to be proven in court.”
The investigation is ongoing. OPP are remaining tight-lipped about the investigation and have refused to speak about the case.
China competitiveness report raises lots of doubts
What's that again? China's central Henan province, whose per capita GDP is way below the national average, is more competitive than Hong Kong?
Well, that's the conclusion of a report by the China Institute of City Competitiveness, which came out on Tuesday.
And it's not only Henan. Hong Kong is also eating the dust of 10 other places in China, according to the institute's report.
The report, which ranks China's provincial divisions (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) according to their competitiveness, puts Hong Kong at No. 12.
Those occupying the top five spots are Guangdong, Jiangsu, Shandong, Zhejiang and Shanghai (in that order). Also ahead of Hong Kong are Taiwan, Beijing, Henan, Fujian, Liaoning and Tianjin.
Beijing mouthpieces in the city like Wen Wei Po have rushed to conclude that the resounding veto of the government's 2017 election package last week and the political rift stirred up by pan-democrats were the main reasons for the city's worrying decline in competitiveness.
Now, if this ranking is presenting a genuine account of Hong Kong's diminishing might amid the shifting economic landscape, then how do we explain another report by the prestigious International Institute for Management Development in which Hong Kong has moved ahead of Singapore and Switzerland to be named the world's second most competitive economy this year, next only to the United States among 61 economies?
The Lausanne-based business school has rated China in the 22nd position.
Separately, on the 2014-15 global competitiveness chart of 144 economies compiled by the World Economic Forum, Hong Kong sits in the 7th place while China ranks No. 28.
Our readers can surely judge for themselves which ranking is more reliable.
A closer look at the China Institute of City Competitiveness will help us understand better how the rankings are prepared as well as its methodology.
The institute was founded in Hong Kong in 1998 “to carry out assessment and research of city competitiveness and assist city governments in solving problems of economic growth and regional competition”, according to its website.
Just like the online portals of many mainland government agencies, the institute's website does provide an English version, which is nothing more than clumsy word-for-word translation of the Chinese content with spelling errors and links either broken or unavailable.
The same level of language is also seen in the English title of Tuesday's news conference: “China's urban classification advantages ranking and the basic evaluation of competitiveness of Hong Kong press conference under the new normal”.
Only Putonghua was used as all members of the expert panel are from the mainland and the conference was mainly attended by pro-Beijing media.
As the institute notes, it applies a self-developed “GN system” to gauge competitiveness with indexes measuring economic, social, environmental and cultural well-being of each city, and a wide spectrum of factors — from infrastructure and financial development to rather intangible concepts like the extent of picturesqueness of a city's natural environment and the marketability of industrial and tertiary products — are also examined.
Most of the indexes are actually taken from the Chinese National Statistics Bureau's classification of industrial activities and definitions used in national census.
Since China and Hong Kong adopt mostly different standards, concepts and classifications in data dissemination and analysis, one wonders how the institute has managed to compare figures of two different statistical regimes — fiscal, capital flow, trade and median income data, in particular — to determine Hong Kong's position. Nor did it explain what GN stands for.
The institute even failed to provide a formal press release on the latest rankings. A link to details about data collection and corresponding weightings under the “GN system” turns to an “Error 404 not found” webpage.
The reporter failed to contact the institute for comment.
China Institute of City Competitiveness has indeed raised lots of doubts and suspicion for years.
It claims that numerous surveys in the form of questionnaires are conducted among chambers of commerce to collect data and the business sector's views on competitiveness and economic outlook.
One of those surveyed, according to the institute, was Hong Kong International China Commerce Community Association Co., Ltd. (香港國際華商聯合會).
Through a search at the Companies Registry, Cable TV found that the association's largest shareholder is a mainlander named Gui Qiangfang (桂強芳), president of the China Institute of City Competitiveness, and, the association's registered office shares the same address with the institute.
Gui later said they also contacted members of the Chinese Manufacturers Association of Hong Kong (CMA), but a CMA executive told Cable TV that they had no ties with Gui.
Gui's personal credentials and qualifications are also amusing.
According to their curriculum vitae, they have a Ph.D. in management from the University of California, but in truth they obtained the degree from the California Southern University which only offers distance education and training programs, as Gui themselves later admitted to the broadcaster.
They also hold an MBA diploma from the International East-West University based in Hawaii, which is particularly notorious in China as a diploma mill. It is widely known that its alumni include Communist Party cadres who want to buy an academic degree to polish their resume for promotion.
One of Gui's many “classmates” from that university was the disgraced Shenzhen mayor Xu Zongheng (許宗衡), who has been sentenced to life imprisonment for fraud and embezzlement.
– Contact us at [email protected]
CG
KANYE WEST STUNNED a crowd by revealing their support for US President-elect Donald Trump while suggesting they still plan to challenge them in 2020.
After a campaign in which fellow artists and African Americans overwhelmingly backed rival Hillary Clinton, the rapper told an audience on Thursday night that they did not vote, but would have chosen Trump.
During a performance in San Jose, California, West said: “Because I'm a celebrity, everyone told me not to say that I loved the debates, I loved their approach.
President-elect Donald Trump and their wife Melania walk with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Source: Alex Brandon/PA
The rapper said that Trump, who ran on cracking down on immigration and won through white working-class support, could help bring about change by exposing racism.
They added:
If people are racist and they feel more inspired to say how they feel, then they're exposing themselves. To black people; stop focusing on racism. This world is racist, okay? Let's stop being distracted to focus on that as much.
West, the husband of Kim Kardashian, who like Trump has built a following through reality television, last year said they planned to run for president in 2020.
They appeared to be serious, telling the San Jose concert on Thursday: “I don't say 2020 because I disrespect our president at all. I've just got some ideas about the way we should connect.”
West proposed that President Barack Obama and Clinton take roles in advising Trump, running the United States through “collective ideas”.
Novellist: Retired to stud
Trained by Andreas Wohler, Novellist was denied the chance to run in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe when they spiked a temperature on the morning before the race.
They won three other Group Ones in an 11-race career and their owner Dr Christoph Berglar explained why they chose to sell them to Japan.
They told www.thoroughbreddailynews.com: "Since 2011, the centre of my breeding activities has been in Kentucky, where our family is running Stonereath Stud, and we contemplated standing them ourselves in the United States.
"However, as a stayer and turf horse, and with 75% of all races in the US run over shorter distances and on dirt, Novellist would have had limited opportunities to succeed in that environment.
"A few established European farms were interested, but it became obvious that European valuations of the horse as a breeding prospect were certainly far removed from the Japanese offer we received.
"Novellist will be an interesting addition to the Japanese thoroughbred gene pool and should have a fair chance that they will be as successful a stallion as they were a racehorse.
"We still have their dam, Night Lagoon, as an active broodmare and two half-sisters to Novellist as upcoming broodmare prospects, and therefore the family should be standing on a sound foundation for the near future."
Greetings Miners!
We sincerely apologise for getting this update out to you after such a long time. As we have been at a stage where we have just been awaiting system design changes and tweaks there has not been much to update on; as these have been more technical than physical so we do not have much to show.
We had originally planned to have our devices already shipped, as said in our previous update we have all our chips ready; the only delay was getting the system design so we are manufacturing and assembly ready. We had sent our system design for review before manufacturing to a UK based company who are experts in system design, they had found flaws in the system design which was made by the Indian design team. We were told if we were to take our design for manufacturing there would be serious issues. Therefore, we have contracted this UK based company to commit to making these on both the 50Mh/s and 250Mh/s systems.
The technical recommendations and changes are summarised below:
Design analysis shows that the issues found can be solved by bill of material (BOM) and hardware changes. The proposed solutions need to be tested on a prototype to verify that the proposed solution is effective.
DFM review shows that an update to the PCB is needed before going into mass production.
System analysis shows that the Enpirion power supply can be used as an alternative power supply solution to the Texas Instrument power supply without compromising cost and performance. Recommendations for future expansion are also considered.
Recommended that the USB port at the back of the data miner system be reallocated as a USB to serial interface. Having a freely accessible serial interface would be useful in scenarios requiring emergency recovery due to an invalid network setting rendering the system inaccessible via Ethernet. One such solution would be to use an appropriate FTDI USB to serial transceiver.
Towards the end of July these changes were sent to our Indian design team so they could implement them and send prototypes back to the UK based team. The Indian design team is days away from completion, once these changes are made we will start manufacturing and shipping in phases; the 50Mh/s devices first and then the larger devices.
We truly apologise for the delays and are doing the best we can to ship ASAP. We have been with our original designers from the start and it is difficult to change contractors if they have first-hand knowledge of our chip and system design, this knowledge dates back since 2013 with our FPGA design. But now when we have hit the stage of the project where we have had the chance to slowly hand over our designs to a UK based company we are seeing positive signs and progression.
When developing a new technology from a white-paper and concept, there are bound to be delays which we cannot anticipate, unfortunately we were hit by these delays. As this was a pre-order project we did make customers aware most of the work was yet to be completed. I also believe there are currently no other scrypt-based miners being shipped from any competitors, so when we do ship I believe customers would be delighted to finally have our product in-hand. Finally there is something very important to me that I want to make mention of, my intention is to try to compensate all batch 1 customers (including those refunded) in the future with our further projects.
Best Regards,
Mohammed Akram
Managing Director
Coroners have identified the victims as Robert Gordon, 68, and their wife Sharon, 57.
Police, who were called to the house in Orange at 5pm yesterday, have recovered a weapon, and say the investigation is continuing. The cause of the deaths has not been determined but according to the Orange County Register, police do not believe there are any suspects.
Robert Gordon, known as Baja Bob, was a successful off-road racer, and it was a branch of the sport that started their son's career, and to which they returned full-time after racing in Indy cars and NASCAR.
While they scored two Indy car wins in 1995 driving for Walker Racing, almost won the Indy 500 in 1999, and chalked up three NASCAR Sprint Cups wins between 2001 and '03, Robby Gordon has found their greatest success in off-road racing, winning SCORE championships, Baja (1000 and 500) victories and stage wins on the Dakar Rally.
Their Stadium Super Trucks series has also become hugely popular with fans, often providing support races for the Verizon IndyCar Series.
Gordon's sister, Beccy, is the wife of 2012 IndyCar champion and 2014 Indy 500 winner Ryan Hunter-Reay. The pair's third son was born on Wednesday.
Anyone with information on the deaths of Bob and Sharon Gordon is urged to contact the Orange Police Department on +1 714 744 7444.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/101OS
— Three people were killed early Sunday in a head-on collision on Interstate 85 in Orange County, authorities said.
The crash occurred shortly after 3 a.m. near the split of I-85 and Interstate 40.
The North Carolina State Highway Patrol said Chandler Michael Kania, 20, of Asheboro, was driving north in the southbound lanes when their Jeep Wrangler collided with a Suzuki driven by Felecia Harris, 49, of Charlotte.
Harris and two of their three passengers were killed. One of the other two victims was identified as 6-year-old Janiece Smith, from Brooklyn, N.Y. The third victim has not yet been identified.
A second child seated in the back of Harris' vehicle was taken to UNC Hospitals in Chapel Hill. The Highway Patrol said the child was seriously injured and was still being treated Sunday night.
Kania, a student at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, also was taken to UNC Hospitals for treatment on non-life-threatening injuries.
Troopers said alcohol appears to be a factor in the crash, but no charges have been filed.
WRAL News incorrectly reported previously that Harris was a part-time instructor at UNC-Charlotte.
The crash closed two southbound lanes near mile marker 163 for several hours while the Highway Patrol investigated and cleared the wreckage.
A few months ago, I wrote about the contents of my carry-on (Minimalist Travel: What's in My Suitcase). This is the only bag I travel with, whether I'm going away for one week or three months. You can read about it in detail in my earlier post, but generally it contains a packing cube of clothing, a toiletry bag, and odds and ends like guidebooks, energy bars, camera, iPod Touch, umbrella, etc. in the pockets. After years of overseas travel, I had this system down to a science.
Now that I live in England, however, I've been spending a lot of long weekends visiting European cities. And truth be told, my little carry-on is simply too big for these quick jaunts!
In order to maximize our travel time, my husband and I usually book a very early flight the day we arrive, and a very late flight the day we leave. Therefore, we often wind up carrying our bags for much of the first and last days. (Sure, we could leave them at the hotel, but we don't like to “waste” time going back to get them if we have a full schedule.)
My objective, then, was to pare down my luggage to the size of a large purse. That way, I could enjoy sites, shops, restaurants, and walks without the carry-on on my back.
[EDIT: For those who have asked about my new bag (pictured above), it's available on Amazon (affiliate link).]
My strategy: for a 2-day trip, I don't pack a change of clothes; for 3 days, it depends on the itinerary; for 4-5 days, one change. This system might not be for everyone, but it works for me. (I have no problem doing laundry in the hotel sink if necessary.)
Therefore, my packing cube contains (at most) one pair of pants, one top, pajamas, underwear, and socks. For 2-3 day trips, I skip the cube altogether, and stuff the pajamas, underwear, and socks in a large ziplock bag.
I never worry about packing shoes, since I only travel with the ones on my feet.
The contents of my toiletry bag remained much the same; however, I've been able to reduce it to half the size by “miniaturizing” as much as possible. I never take soap, shampoo, or conditioner, and I use travel or sample sizes of everything else.
When I arrive at the hotel, I dump the toiletry bag and clothes, and use the bag as a purse (eliminating the need to pack an additional “day” bag).
I've tested my new system of “extreme light travel” on a few trips now; and I'm happy to say, it's worked like a dream!
It's amazing how lightly you can travel if you want to. Now, if I could only pare down to what fits in my coat pockets… :-)
{If you'd like to read more about minimalist living, please consider subscribing to my RSS feed, or signing up to receive new articles by email.}
There comes a time in every society where even its most basic values come under attack. In the United States, since the beginning of our country's founding, we have had certain God-given unalienable rights: freedom of religion, freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, due process and freedom of speech, among them. Today on American college campuses the value most important to ensure a strong, diverse education, freedom of speech, is under attack.
Last week, DePaul University informed the DePaul Young Americans for Freedom chapter (of which I am Vice Chairman) that they plan to partake in this attack. DePaul University has banned conservative commentator Ben Shapiro from appearing on campus. Mr. Shapiro's strong defense of the Constitution and conservative values is apparently too much for the University and its students to handle.
Bob Janis, Vice President of Facilities Operations at DePaul, in an email to the DePaul YAF chapter's executive board, said, "Given the experiences and security concerns that some other schools have had with Ben Shapiro speaking on their campuses, DePaul cannot agree to allow them to speak on our campus at this time.”
Frankly, this is an embarrassment for DePaul.
In a statement, Young America's Foundation said:
For the past six months we have worked with Ben on a high-profile tour of college campuses and witnessed with our own eyes the vicious and threatening behavior of tyrannical leftists who have been programmed by progressive administrators to silence all speech they disagree with—If DePaul cannot trust its delicate liberal snowflake students and administrators to allow Ben to speak their mind safely and freely, it has utterly failed in its mission to "[foster] a community that welcomes open discourse." Make no mistake, any security concerns we face on campuses are 100 percent incited by the censorious, intolerant Left. DePaul should publicly thank its Young Americans for Freedom chapter for boldly doing the school's job of providing "exposure to differing points of view" for it and allow Ben to speak, not begrudgingly, but happily. It's incumbent upon the intolerant Left, not hardworking YAF students, to allow conservatives to express their viewpoints without fearing for their safety. Thankfully, Ben, and YAF activists across the country, believe deeply enough in free speech to fight for their values, even as the Left attempts to intimidate them from even speaking.
If DePaul does not reverse its decision to ban Ben, it must immediately remove any claim to support free speech and expression from its website and marketing materials or become a fraudulent laughingstock.
Further, after DePaul recently banned media-personality Milo Yiannopoulos from returning to campus as part of a College Republicans event, Vice President of Student Affairs Gene Zdziarski explained, “DePaul will continue to work with student organizations to sponsor events and speakers representing a broad range of opinions on the issues of the day.”
Apparently, Zdziarski had no intention of keeping that promise.
Regarding DePaul's ban, Shapiro asserted, “It's both pathetic and predictable that the University is happy to grant a veto on speakers to snowflake leftists so long as the leftists threaten violence. This is how free speech dies: when people in power cave to the bullies rather than standing up for basic rights.”
Put aside Shapiro's considerable accomplishments: appearing on Fox News, CNN, and MSNBC regularly, author of six books, and EIC of The Daily Wire, among other things. Put aside conservatism being a minority viewpoint on college campuses all over the country, including quite clearly at DePaul. Put aside students' potential reactions to what Shapiro might say.
The question here is, what kind of campus is DePaul to be? Is DePaul to be a campus where, as Shapiro puts it, free speech goes to die? Is DePaul to be a campus that submits to the whims of the intolerant Left if just one conservative viewpoint is expressed? Is DePaul to be a campus that enforces an echo-chamber of statist ideals? Is DePaul to be a campus that actually promotes and upholds freedom of speech and expression, or one that just pretends to?
"Given the experiences and security concerns that some other schools have had with Ben Shapiro speaking on their campuses, DePaul cannot agree to allow them to speak on our campus at this time.” Bob Janis, Vice President of Facilities Operations at DePaul
On a more personal note, when I came to DePaul last September as a wide-eyed first-year student, I was under the impression that DePaul, while it could if it chose, would not abuse its status as a private University to suppress speech that administration or students didn't agree with; that DePaul, while it was likely opposed to most conservative values, would still allow conservative speakers like Ben Shapiro to be heard just the same as they have other speakers like convicted Palestinian terrorist Rasmea Odeh; that DePaul, while undoubtedly liberal, would still uphold the founding values of freedom of speech and expression.
I hope I wasn't wrong.
We, the DePaul Young Americans for Freedom chapter, call on DePaul University to reverse this disgraceful decision.
DigitalGlobe Satellite photo shows Syria's Furqlus weapons depot near the city of Homs. The depot is one of five permanent locations where the regime of Bashar Assad stores chemical weapons, according to arms control experts and U.S. officials.
As the Obama administration seeks to rally support for a powerful missile attack on key Syrian targets, much about Damascus' chemical warfare program remains shrouded in secrecy.
Experts agree that the program is the most advanced in the Third World, and that the Syrian government has used the poisonous arms against its own people "multiple times" in recent years.
Based on recent interviews with U.S. officials, allied intelligence officials and arms control experts, here's what is known – and not known – about Syria's chemical weapons arsenal and the looming showdown over what the U.S. says is its most recent attack:
The arsenal
The size of Syria's chemical weapons arsenal is not known with any precision, though the French government has estimated it to be more than 1,000 tons.
The lack of certainty poses a problem, according to intelligence and arms control experts. “No one but the Syrians knows the inventory, and if the rebels overrun one of these depots, there are worries about the physical control of the weapons," said one U.S. official, who like the others spoke on condition of anonymity.
The experts say that Damascus' program is distinguished by its size, diversity, quality and reliability. President Bashar Assad's regime is believed to possess sarin, VX (a persistent form of sarin that could render a city uninhabitable “for some days,” according to the CIA), tabun (another older nerve agent) plus blistering agents like mustard, phosgene and hydrogen cyanide. In addition, it is believed to have large stores of “precursor chemicals” that it could use to create more of the toxic agents.
The weapons are stored in five major locations -- near the cities of Latakia, Palmyra, Homs and Hama, all in the north and central part of the country, and at al-Safir, near the Turkish border.
However, weapons have been moved around the country over the last year for operational reasons, a process that has “accelerated quite a bit” as the threat of a retaliatory strike by the U.S. has increased, according to Pentagon officials. At the same time, U.S. intelligence has been tracking the movements -- not because the U.S. intends to target the chemical weapons, but in an effort to determine if the Syrians may be preparing for new attacks against the rebels.
Weapons systems
Syria has many ways of using chemical weapons to attack remote locations, including a few dozen SS-21 ballistic missiles with a maximum range of 72 miles; 200 Scud-Bs, with a maximum range of 180 miles; and 60 to 120 Scud-Cs, with a maximum range of 300 miles. All these missiles are mobile, enabling Assad and their generals to quickly move or hide them, according U.S. intelligence officials.
Syrian fighter-bombers also can carry bombshells filled with chemicals. Even simple artillery shells can be loaded with chemical weapons and fired at targets within a relatively short range, according to U.S. experts.
Rationale
Syria's chemical weapons arsenal is so large and diverse because it considers it a strategic deterrent to Israel's nuclear weapons. Syria is one of only seven nations in the world that has not ratified the 1992 Chemical Weapons Convention, the arms-control agreement that outlaws the production, stockpiling and use of such weapons. Only Syria, North Korea, Egypt, South Sudan and Angola have not signed the accord for a variety of reasons. Israel and Myanmar have signed but not ratified the convention.
History of use
The U.S. reported last week that Syria has used chemical weapons "on a small scale against the opposition multiple times in the last year.” The British government places the number of attacks at 14 since 2012. Chemical weapons also were used under Assad's father, Hafez, more than 20 years ago in Hama during a Muslim Brotherhood-inspired rebellion. According to a November 1990 Senate Foreign Relations Committee memo, Syrian army units went to every house suspected of hiding insurgents and pumped in cyanide gas, killing as many as 20,000 occupants. Later, the government broadcast a report saying security forces had taken fierce reprisals against the Brotherhood and its sympathizers, "which stopped them from breathing.”
Attack on Ghouta
In its unclassified report on the Aug. 21 attacks on rebel-held enclaves in the Ghouta district outside Damascus, the White House said that preparations began several days before the pre-dawn bombardment.
Citizens crowded in tight spaces to see their congressional representatives and voiced their displeasure with the proposed Syria plan. NBC's Kelly O'Donnell reports.
"Syrian chemical weapons personnel were operating in the Damascus suburb of ‘Adra from Sunday, Aug. 18, until early in the morning on Wednesday, Aug. 21, near an area that the regime uses to mix chemical weapons, including sarin,” it said. “On Aug. 21, a Syrian regime element prepared for a chemical weapons attack in the Damascus area, including through the utilization of gas masks."
Secretary of State John Kerry also said in a speech Friday that rockets carrying the chemical weapons “came only from regime-controlled areas and went only to opposition-controlled or contested neighborhoods." On NBC's “Meet the Press” on Sunday, they said that hair and blood samples given to the United States by emergency workers showed signs of sarin.
The U.S. also accused the Syrian military of an attempted cover-up, shelling the area to remove evidence of environmental contamination.
U.S. and U.K. intelligence officials tell NBC News that Maher Assad, Bashar's younger brother, authorized the attack, and Syrian rebels confirm that the 155th and 127th brigades of the 4th Armored Division, both of which are under their command, played key roles in carrying it out.
Status of investigation
The U.N. is currently investigating not just the attacks in Ghouta, but a March 19 attack on the rebel-held town of Khan Al-Asal, near Aleppo, which reportedly killed dozens. The use of sarin is suspected in both.
The Ghouta attack -- which the U.S. says killed 1,429, while the French estimate the death toll at "around 350" -- took place as U.N. inspectors were collecting samples from the Khan Al-Asal attack. The inspectors eventually gained access to the Ghouta site, and will ask to return to the scene of the earlier attack after the current investigation is complete.
According to the U.N., the blood and environmental samples collected in Ghouta were sent two European labs, which began testing on Wednesday. U.N. spokesperson Farhan Haq said they could not provide a timetable for when the tests would be completed. But under rules of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, which carried out the U.N. inspections, the labs have 15 days to test the samples for chemical weapons residue or telltale chemical compounds caused by breakdown of toxic agents, determine what type of chemical – if any – was used in the attack and report their findings.
If the tests are positive, the labs will not make a determination on who fired the chemical weapons. That would fall to the U.N. to investigate.
Richard Engel is NBC News' chief foreign correspondent; Jim Miklaszewski is NBC News' chief Pentagon correspondent; Robert Windrem is an investigative reporter.
More from NBC News Investigations:
Follow NBC News Investigations on Twitter and Facebook
Investigate this! Read and vote on readers' story tips and suggested topics for investigation or submit your own.
This story was originally published on
I've struggled with this very question for at least the past year. I grew up in the Chicago suburbs and was lucky enough to dine out in Chicago as a kid. I remember the Italian restaurants of my youth like Giannotti's , Rosebud on Taylor, and other neighborhood joints that were just as good as the Sunday dinners at my grandparents. Even the Melrose Feast was a blast, seeing “cousins” for many years at various food stands or out playing the carnival games.
My grandmother was a baker and specialized in Christmas cookies. What some groups do now for a cookie party, they would do alone for days! I'm lucky enough to be getting the cannoli rollers and the Easter lamb cake mold in the future. My grandfather made “gravy.” Their gravy had meatballs with raisins (being the only grandson I got meatballs without raisins), Italian sausage, pork neck bones and the goodness of San Marzano tomatoes bubbling away all day with other typical ingredients. I've rarely come close to the flavor of that gravy and when I do I go quiet, pausing to deal with the flood of memories. They only used rigatoni pasta. When my mother bought farfalle for the first time, I was about 15 and reacted with “What is this weird pasta?” I'd only known – rigatoni, spaghetti, gnocchi and elbow macaroni. The only seafood we saw as a kid was Christmas Eve for the Feast of the Seven Fishes and Lenten Fridays.
Italian food for me is very personal and the most frustrating when I go out to eat. I rarely go out for Italian because I'd rather spend the day making it myself. I was lucky enough to work at Fortunato long ago. I worked garde manager and also made the fresh pastas for about a year. Orecchiette, penne rigate, anolini, tagliatelle, pappardelle, farfalle, tortellini, ricotta gnocchi and the bane of my existence a pyramid shaped pasta, the name escapes me but it looked like manti. All of these I did by hand and I loved every minute of it.
This is where I come from, and I know this is not the norm for most people. But, I expect a lot more from Italian restaurants and dismiss them much easier because of the food. I think this is true of anyone who grew up with good food in a strong, ethnic household. Menu's back in the day were simpler and didn't have pizza on the menu and lord knows I never saw crudo! When did Northern Italian cuisine start doing sushi?
But what is Chicago Italian today….
Old School
Chicago has places that have been around FOREVER – Rosebud, Tuscany, Sabatinos, Tufano's, La Scarola, The Italian Village, Club Lago and the places on South Oakley! Their clientele honestly may die before these restaurants close, but sadly most of these places have become tired. If you go for the “old school,” I suggest asking about and getting their house specialties. These are the best bets for a good dinner. The décor, staff and menus for many are like walking in to a time machine from 30 years ago. Most are still family run. I hate to say like my grandfather's gravy I know I can't make it like they once did.
The Newer Italian
This year the restaurant trend seems to be Italian whether it's a new restaurant opening, or re-concept. The buzz word and running joke lately around Chicago is “Italian joint.” I'm going to break the new spots down by how I see them for me personally.
Azzurra – The same owners of Anteprima and Bar Ombra. I've not been to Bar Ohmbra and the one time I went to Anteprima I had such an awful experience I vowed never to return. With Azzurra opening close to me, I had high hopes. But after two visits with different friends, neither wanting to go back, I also won't be returning. Some friends I've spoken to do like it but the menu is MASSIVE. Perhaps pairing the menu down would allow for more focus but the food mistakes for me were glaring in their poor preparation.
Nico Osteria – This is a restaurant I can't sneak in to because of my restaurant past and friendships. While I like the first half of the savory menu very much, the items beyond the pastas I think are a bit all over the place and not worth ordering. The restaurant isn't cheap but what restaurants are in the Gold Coast. I would load up on the first half and definitely save room for dessert, especially the Nico Torte.
Cicchetti – This is the one new restaurant I don't get. It seems no written review can say anything critical yet in my three experiences here I kept getting more and more confused and angry with how miserable the food was. The only good dish wasn't even Italian in style! Some have praised the polenta with squid – all I can think is “It's all soft. This dish has no texture.” I challenged a positive reviewer to eat this very dish in front of me. If they could tell me it was good, to my face, I would buy them dinner at Grace or next – they wouldn't do it! I went three times and each time my dining companions said you're crazy to come back and I won't do this again. I've casually asked others in the food community and know I'm not alone in my thinking. Even a food writer I don't get along with couldn't find a nice word to say about it. It might be the only thing we've ever agreed on. This place is an utter head scratcher!
Sienna Tavern – They have a Wagyu meatball and it's dry! Their gelato is like no gelato I've ever had – not in a good way. Do I need to say anything else?
Ceres Table – You can keep telling me the chef is from Italy but when the food is bland and lacking in flavor I don't care where they're from. The pastas weren't made correctly and the panna cotta had a whip cream garnish. Next.
Cocello – In the two hours I was here, I got to eat 5 dishes over 2 courses. Glacially slow can't begin to describe how the service at dinner felt. I won't blame my server because their section was asinine – tables outside and 1-2 tables 3/4s of the way inside. The food made me miss Dillman's because that stuff had soul.
RPM Italian – Google my review. I've heard it's gotten better but it's usually from people who've snacked in the bar.
I've yet to go to Osteria Langhe and eagerly awaiting the reconcept of Henri and Formento's opening in late October.
*Note: I love A10 but I am an investor. I also won't be reviewing Formento's because I've personally invested in the project as well. Take that info for what it's worth.
My Italian Recommendations
Some think I just bitch and moan, to bitch and moan. If you've met me, you know I'm an optimist and want restaurants to be good. But, I look at any restaurant critically and can get a feel before walking in to a place how it might go. I want to like places. I promise. I find it funny that when people do meet me in person they realize I'm not nearly the cynic they expect.
If someone asked me to give them an Italian restaurant recommendation, this is what I would tell them. In no particular order…
The Florentine – Chris Macchia is a friend and a damn good chef. The guy knows their food and has some of the best pasta in the city. They don't slam lots of stuff on the plate and does a lot with very few ingredients. It's a really good restaurant with a solid wine list. I still remember the delicious and perfectly balanced octopus dish I had two years ago.
Piccolo Sogno – The food and wine work together very well. My advice is to hunt that wine list because there is always a gem or two. I always find one I think is missing a 1 or 2 in front of the price. I would stick to the fish dishes and pastas. I've had some so-so dinners but I'll keep going back because the good are so very good.
Spiaggia and Cafe Spiaggia – If you love or even like Italian wine – GO! The food is better than the view and the view is pretty great. I don't think I've ever had a bad bite. I'm more of a café guy personally.
Balena – Chris Pandel is a gem when it comes to Italian food. Their pastas are spot on and their starters are like Chris Macchia's - lots of flavor with few ingredients. This isn't a red sauce joint of the past but there's no reason it can't be open for 20 years.
Coco Pazzo – Yes, Coco Pazzo. I honestly forgot about this place. When I went recently, I ordered a lot of food and ate nearly all of it. This is a place to consummate a business deal, take your girlfriends parents to dinner and ask permission for their hand in marriage or just enjoy a great meal of traditional Italian food. If anyone wants to open an Italian place, you should eat here to get a baseline.
If you're in other neighborhoods this is how I see it…
Dinotto – Family owned spot in Old Town. If you're in Old Town this is the spot to go. Topo Gigio is awful and while Dinotto can be a bit up and down it's fairly middle of the road with an ok wine list.
Riccardo Trattoria and Riccardo Enoteca – Both run by the same chef, the Trattoria is more upscale while the Enoteca is more casual. I've enjoyed both and if I lived in Lincoln Park I'd eat here more often.
Davanti Enoteca – Little Italy – This is what I would imagine a modern Little Italy restaurant to be. It's got a little nod to the old but a heaping portion of courage to do more modern food in that part of the city.
JP Graziano Grocery and Sub Shop and Bari Subs and Italian Food – I would get a sandwich for lunch at either spot in a heartbeat. Both places take great care in giving you something special.
I won't mention Three Aces as an Italian restaurant because it's more bar with great food that has an Italian twist. BUT, if you are there and you see Anthony Potenza, tell them Angel's cousin Joey said they should tell you a story or two from when they ran the floor at Giannotti's.
I think I'll struggle with “What is Chicago Italian” for some time. I don't believe there's an easy answer. Italian food is difficult because it's so simple in its ingredients. The slightest mistake is compounded. I think most restaurants should focus on a region or area and not try to wear the whole boot on its menu. Yet, I don't think Chicago Italian is just about the food. I think there's something to the environment that adds to the whole experience. I can remember my 65 yr old grandmother losing their mind like a teenager when Tony Bennett waved at them in Rosebud. Where would Frank and the Boys go today if they came to town for Italian? Would a new restaurant even have the guts to do meat or cheese ravioli's as a menu item?
Update: I completely forgot about naming Pelago as a recommended restaurant. I find their pasta and risotto to be some of the best I've ever had. The tasting menu is also well portioned and won't leave you hungry at all. While it is on the higher end of the expense range the quality of food and service won't leave you feeling cheated.
A few people have reached out asking specifically about A Tavola. I dined here a number of years ago before I ever began writing. My experience was lack luster leaving me unimpressed by the gnocchi, which many rave about, and the rest of the dinner being rather middle of the road. I've not been back since despite enjoying the intimate dining room and environment. I don't consider this a new spot hence omitting it from that section and obviously isn't a place I would personally recommend. But because a number of people asked, I thought I would add my comments to the update.
Joe Campagna is the Chicago Food Snob. A former restaurant General Manager, Server and Chef you can find them on Twitter or instagram @chifoodsnob. You can reach them through email at joe@chicagofoodsnob.com
Type your email address in the box and click the "create subscription" button. My list is completely spam free, and you can opt out at any time.
Last weekend, a near-sellout crowd packed The Metal Grill to see the likes of Off With Their Heads, Negative Approach, PEARS, Toys That Kill, The Copyrights, Direct Hit!, and more during Dummerfest. Less than a week later, the Cudahy bar, grill, and concert venue has closed its doors for good.
Neil Borkowski, who has owned the property at 5036 S. Packard Ave.—which formerly housed The Blue Pig and Vnuk's Lounge—with their wife Theresa since 2013, announced The Metal Grill was closing “effective immediately” in a Facebook post on Friday. Here's a portion of Borkowski's statement:
“The Metal Grill management consists of Theresa and myself, we handle everything behind the scenes to make sure this establishment runs effectively and efficiently. Unfortunately, when you look at the time and energy spent in running the venue along with the both of us working full-time jobs it became a matter of time where we couldn't closely monitor day to day operations and our staff. As an end result, our business model hasn't met performance goals and financial obligations to our lenders.”
In addition to the bands mentioned above, The Metal Grill has hosted punk, metal, and hardcore notables like Voivod, Trapt, The Suicide Machines, 88 Fingers Louie, Kip Winger, The Flatliners, Norma Jean, Expire, and many more in its relatively brief existence.
The roughly 300-capacity room was a bastion of local and regional metal, and one of a select few Milwaukee-area venues that hosted all-ages and/or 18+ shows. For those reasons and more, the loss of The Metal Grill is a significant blow. Farewell, The Metal Grill. Thanks for all the good times.
Experience the world of The Dark Eye as a classic point-and-click adventure!
A breathtaking art style that shows every nuance of Aventuria.
Solve a variety of side quests each with different paths towards a solution.
In Andergast, whose inhabitants are considered to be notoriously superstitious, King Efferdan awaits a state visit from high-ranking dignitaries. For centuries the kingdom has been at odds with neighboring Nostria, but now first steps are being undertaken toward a lasting peace. But a plague of crows troubles the king, for the birds are acting with unusual aggressiveness, even attacking humans. Moreover, there are those among the citizens of Andergast who swear that the crows are bringing them dark nightmares. As the belligerent creatures infiltrate even the castle itself, the king seeks a skilled bird catcher - an opportunity for young Geron to prove that the reputation for ill luck that has followed them since childhood is undeserved. Following an audience with the king, the prestigious task is assigned to him. However, not only does their task prove unexpectedly difficult, but it also turns out to be the first step of the greatest adventure of their life, which will lead them to the borders of the charted lands of Aventuria and beyond.With a history of more than 25 years, The Dark Eye is one of Europe's best-known role-playing brands. In addition to the popular pen & paper adventures, TDE has also inspired a series of successful computer games. The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav takes you deep into the world of Aventuria, where you'll take on the role of young Geron and get caught up in a mysterious plot that threatens to wipe out the kingdom of Andergast, a back-water realm in the northwest of Aventuria.
© 2012 Daedalic Entertainment GmbH
Looking to the future of space exploration, there really is no question that it will involve a growing human presence in Low Earth Orbit (LEO). This will include not only successors to the International Space Station, but most likely commercial habitats and facilities. These will not only allow for ventures like space tourism, but will also facilitate missions that take us back to the Moon, to Mars, and even beyond.
With this purpose in mind, an interdisciplinary team of MIT graduate students designed a space habitat known as the Managed, Reconfigurable, In-space Nodal Assembly (MARINA). This module would serve as an privately-owned space station that would be occupied by two anchor-tenants for a period of ten years; a luxury hotel that would provide orbital accommodations, and NASA.
For their invention, the team won first prize in the graduate division of the Revolutionary Aerospace Systems Concepts-Academic Linkage Design Competition Forum (RASC-AL), a yearlong graduate-level competition hosted by NASA. This challenge involved designing a commercial module for use in low Earth orbits that could also serve as a Mars transit vehicle in the future.
Since 2002, RASC-AL competitions have sought to engage university students and advisors for the purpose of coming up with ideas that could enhance future NASA missions. For this year's competition, NASA asked teams to develop human spaceflight concepts that focused on operations in cislunar space – i.e. in, around, and beyond the Moon – that could also facilitate their proposed “Journey to Mars” by the 2030s.
Specifically, they were tasked with finding ways to leverage innovations and new technologies to improve humanity's ability to work more effectively in microgravity. With this in mind, the themes for this year's competition ranged from from the design of more efficient subsystems to the development of architectures that support NASA's goal of extending humanity's reach into space.
These included new designs for a Lightweight Exercise Suite, Airlock Design, concepts for a Commercially Enabled LEO/Mars Habitable Module, and concepts for a new Logistics Delivery System. As Pat Troutman, the Human Exploration Strategic Analysis lead at NASA's Langley Research Center, said in a NASA press statement:
“We are carefully examining what it will take to establish a presence beyond low-Earth orbit, where astronauts will build and begin testing the systems needed for challenging missions to distant destinations, including Mars. The 2017 RASC-AL university teams have developed exciting concepts with supporting engineering analysis that may influence how future deep space infrastructure will look and operate.”
Led by Matthew Moraguez, a graduate student at MIT's Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AeroAstro) and a member of the Strategic Engineering Research Group (SERG), the MIT team focused on the theme of creating a Commercially Enabled LEO Habitat Module. Their concept, which incorporates lessons that have been learned from the ISS, was designed with the needs of both the private and public space sectors in mind.
As George Lordos – a graduate fellow in the MIT System Design and Management (SDM) Program, and a team member of both MARINA and SERG – explained:
“Just like a yacht marina, MARINA can provide all essential services, including safe harbor, reliable power, clean water and air, and efficient logistics and maintenance. This will facilitate design simplicity and savings in construction and operating costs of customer-owned modules. It will also incent customers to lease space inside and outside MARINA's node modules and make MARINA a self-funded entity that is attractive to investors.”
To meet their goals for the competition , the team came up with a modular design for MARINA that featured several key innovations. These included extensions to the International Docking System Standard (IDSS) interface (used aboard the ISS), modular architecture, and a distribution of subsystem functions throughout these modules. As Moraguez explained, their design will allow for some wide-ranging opportunities.
“Modularized service racks connect any point on MARINA to any other point via the extended IDSS interface,” they said. “This enables companies of all sizes to provide products and services in space to other companies, based on terms determined by the open market. Together these decisions provide scalability, reliability, and efficient technology development benefits to MARINA and NASA.”
Another important benefit comes in the form of cost-savings. According to NASA estimates, the recurring cost of MARINA will be about $360 million per year, which represents a significant reduction over the current costs of maintaining and operating the ISS. In total, it would offer NASA a savings of about $3 billion per year, which is approximately 16% of the agency's annual budget.
But what is perhaps most interesting about the MARINA concept is the fact that it could serve as the world's first space hotel. According to Valentina Suminia, a postdoc at MIT who contributed to the architectural concept, the space hotel will be “a luxury Earth-facing eight-room space hotel complete with bar, restaurant, and gym, will make orbital space holidays a reality.”
Other commercial features include serviced berths that would be rented out to accommodate customer-owned modules. This goes for the station's interior modularized rack space as well, where smaller companies that provide contract services to on-board occupants would be able to rent out space. Would it be too much to ask that it also has robot butlers?
The RASCAL competition began in August of 2016 in Cocoa Beach, Florida, and concluded on June 2nd, 2017. The top overall honors were awarded to the teams from Virginia Tech and the University of Maryland for their space habitat concepts, known as Project Theseus and Ultima Thule, respectively.
Further Reading: MIT, NASA
An adult volunteer coach at Westmont High School has been arrested on suspicion of having sexual relations with a student, the Campbell Police Department said Thursday.
On March 17 the Campbell Police Department received information about a volunteer coach allegedly having an inappropriate relationship with a student from the school, public information officer Gary Berg said.
Police say detectives gathered enough evidence to indicate the coach was having an ongoing sexual relationship with a student. On March 21, police arrested Nathaniel Makeeff, a 20-year-old resident of Campbell, at their home.
Makeeff was booked into the Santa Clara County Main Jail on charges of oral copulation and digital penetration of a minor.
Makeeff has not yet been arraigned, Berg said.
The police department says worked closely with Westmont High and the Campbell Union High School District on the case.
Police detectives believe this was an isolated situation and other students were not involved.
Anyone with information about the case is asked to call the Campbell Police Department Investigations Unit at 408.871.5190. Tips can also be submitted anonymously through the department's mobile app.
Cincinnati Reds president of baseball operations Dick Williams is tempering any trade rumors regarding shortstop Zack Cozart.
While Cozart is scheduled to hit free agency after the 2017 season, the Reds aren't opposed to keeping the 31-year-old around long term, rather than trying to cash in on their sky-high value before the trade deadline.
"I know there's mutual interest in the future with Zack," Williams told the Cincinnati Enquirer's Zach Buchanan. "Maybe we can figure out a way to make that happen."
Cozart is enjoying a career season with the Reds, as the veteran infielder is slashing .320/.404/.562 - their .966 OPS is 155 points higher than their previous career high - to go with nine home runs in 58 games.
With Cozart's breakout performance this season likely to attract potential suitors in the offseason, Williams admitted it could persuade the club to begin talks with their shortstop sooner rather than later.
"I'm sure it would be prudent to see what's out there on their part, to see what's there on the market," Williams said. "That's why I think we need to at least initiate some discussions now."
A teacher at Kehillah Schechter Academy asked their students in June to come up with personal anecdotes to illustrate a lesson they had just delivered.
The students, gathered in a mixed-age classroom at the pluralistic day school southwest of Boston, included kindergartners through second-graders.
Spontaneously, the students split themselves into groups and, like workers on an assembly line, divided the labor based on tasks they knew how to perform.
“The kindergarten kids were just learning to write, but the first- and second- graders already knew how to read,” said Nitzan Resnick, one of KSA's two heads of school. “All of a sudden they broke up in groups. The youngest kids were drawing the pictures for the story, and the older kids were doing all the writing. It was real teamwork.”
Most traditional schools tend to divide students by age. But KSA is among a number of Jewish schools that have migrated to a mixed-age model, which instead groups children by ability.
Advocates for mixed-age classes believe the model, drawn from the Montessori educational philosophy, allows lessons to be tailored to individual needs while creating an open learning environment in which students are encouraged to thrive at their own pace.
Younger children can learn from their older peers, who in turn have the opportunity to teach their younger classmates what they've already mastered.
“We've found that the mixing ages is a more successful educational model because it's a realistic look at where children are instead of where they're supposed to be,” said Amanda Pogany, head of school at the Luria Academy, a Jewish Montessori school in Brooklyn that inspired KSA to adopt the mixed-age model.
Mixed-age classrooms are a core principle of Montessori education, an approach to learning developed in the early 20th century by the Italian physician and educator Maria Montessori.
While many Jewish schools have adopted the approach for its pedagogical value — some 40 Jewish Montessori schools now exist in North America, according to the Jewish Montessori Society — some see the mixed-age model as a way to deal with declining enrollment.
The Lippmann School in Akron, Ohio, has been around for 40 years, and five years ago switched to a mixed-age model for pragmatic reasons — the school just didn't have enough kids. But it retained the model for its academic and social benefits, and the results have been dramatic.
“We're now growing since we've implemented multi-age classrooms,” said Sam Chestnut, Lippmann's head of school. “We had 67 students three years ago and next year we're welcoming 105.
“When you have multi-age classrooms, it forces differentiation, but in a good way. The same kid can be in a math group with older students and in a reading group with younger students. It makes kids aware of their learning strengths and weaknesses and allows for greater growth.”
At Luria, the students study in mixed-age classrooms. At age 9, the school begins preparing the students to transition to more traditional school settings, seating them at desks and administering regular testing.
Shannon Frank, a Luria parent, said their daughter in the past year was one of the older students who transitioned into a role model, giving lessons to many of the younger students.
“Teaching and articulating an activity requires a higher level of mastery and is a huge boost to self-confidence,” Frank said. “In their first year in the classroom, my daughter was one of the more reserved students and hesitated to participate in group discussions. But in their second year, they were a frequent contributor.”
What began as an experiment seven years ago by Luria parents who wanted an intensive Jewish education and a progressive general studies program has grown to 108 students and 20 instructors.
Luria's success has prompted other Jewish schools to turn to it for help charting their own paths toward alternative learning.
“We had a strong, progressive educational vision based on attaining skills and setting goals before we contacted Luria,” said Resnick, who visited the Brooklyn school two years ago. “But what inspired me there was the independence of their youngest learners. Also with a personalized education, the kids will grow up to be stronger independent learners.”
As many Jewish schools continue to struggle with financial challenges and declining enrollment, mixed-age classrooms are becoming less of an under-the-radar alternative and more of a mainstream choice.
“The multi-age or ability-grouped classroom is no longer a niche idea, and some would say that it is about time,” said Mark Kramer, the executive director of Ravsak, a network of Jewish community day schools. “This model gives schools much-needed flexibility, allowing for both philosophical and pragmatic drivers to inform good outcomes.”
Either way, the mixed-age model is likely to grow, if only because the Jewish Montessori movement is proliferating across the United States.
Shaarei Chinuch, a Jewish Montessori school for children ages 3 to 6, is due to open in a Chicago suburb this fall. Cincinnati Hebrew Day is adding a Montessori track to its traditional day school program. And Yeshiva Netivot Montessori in New Jersey just graduated its first eighth-grade class.
“We truly integrate our classrooms at all levels,” said Debra Kira, head of school at United Orthodox Syn-agogues Goldberg Montessori School in Houston, the oldest Jewish Montessori school in the country still in operation. “Judaics are sewn into the Montessori method for students, cultivating both a greater love for Judaism and for learning.” n
Buy Photo First Ride. (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)Buy Photo
Carmel has spent more than $1.4 million in taxpayer money the past 10 years to jazz up its downtown streets with statues, most of which depict everyday Americans going about their business.
Seward Johnson created the majority of the statues — 15 of 17. The 85-year-old has never visited Carmel — which has the largest privately or publicly owned cluster of their statues anywhere — mainly because they don't fly. They have three homes — traveling between New Jersey, Nantucket, New Jersey and Key West.
Most of their works are the results of observing people.
Johnson creates seven duplicates of each bronze statue — the upper threshold to call such work original — plus a copy of every one in their New Jersey museum.
Mayor Jim Brainard is a fan. They began purchasing the statues in 2005. The city also has purchased work from Brad Howe and Jerry Joslin.
The mayor has been both complimented and criticized for buying the statues. Some find them charming. Others say they are a bit creepy. Some criticize the works as expensive pseudo art. Others enjoy the works.
1. First Ride
What: Take a look at the father's face. In the work, the artist focused more on their trepidation than on their glee at their first bike ride. The work serves as a metaphor for parents releasing their children into the world.
Cost: $95,000.
Artist: Seward Johnson.
Location: South side of Main Street at the Monon Parkway.
Installed: Dec. 10, 2005.
Buy Photo Confirming Predictions. (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)
2. Confirming Predictions
What: A business executive enjoys their paper outside of the office in the open air. There has been unfounded speculation the work was based on Mayor Jim Brainard. If you look closely, the paper is USA Today.
Cost: $75,000.
Artist: Seward Johnson.
Location: 115 W. Main St.
Installed: April 20, 2006.
Buy Photo There, Now you can Grow. (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)
3. There, Now You Can Grow
What: This piece was inspired by the artist's younger sister.
Cost: $75,000.
Artist: Seward Johnson.
Location: Main Street and 1st Avenue NW.
Installed: April 20, 2006.
Buy Photo Sidewalk Concert. (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)
4. Sidewalk Concert
What: Johnson is famous for focusing on minute details. Here, their image adorns the coins in the violin case. They wanted to avoid being accused of counterfeiting money.
Cost: $76,000.
Artist: Seward Johnson.
Location: 22 W. Main St.
Installed: April 20, 2006.
Buy Photo Holding Out. (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)
5. Holding Out
What: This relatable piece has appeared in exhibitions from Napa Valley, Calif., to Rome. Everyone has a grouchy day.
Cost: $76,000.
Artist: Seward Johnson.
Location. 115 W. Main St.
Installed: Dec. 9, 2006.
Buy Photo Embracing Peace. (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)
6. Embracing Peace (Formerly Unconditional Surrender)
What: Johnson changed the name to Embracing Peace to better reflect World War II veterans' homecoming. This year, 70 years after the war's end, 25-foot copies will be in the Philippines and Normandy, France, as well as Times Square in New York City; Sarasota, Fla.; San Diego, and Pittsburgh.
Cost: $122,000.
Artist: Seward Johnson.
Location: 19 E. Main St.
Installed: May 23, 2008.
Buy Photo Things to Do. (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)
7. Things to Do
What: A business person chews thoughtfully on their sunglasses while writing a to-do list while juggling family life with work.
Cost: $80,000.
Artist. Seward Johnson.
Location: Main Street and Rangeline Road.
Installed: July 12, 2008.
Buy Photo Who's in Charge? (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)
8. Who's in Charge
What: Exploring fatherhood from a higher perch.
Cost: $88,000.
Artist: Seward Johnson.
Location: 30 N. Rangeline Road.
Installed: Oct. 13, 2008.
Buy Photo Elemental. (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)
9. Elemental
What: A couple finds mutual shelter under an umbrella.
Cost: $110,000.
Artist: Seward Johnson.
Location: Indiana Design Center.
Installed: July 3, 2009.
Buy Photo Oh, it's You. Welcome. (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)
10. Oh, it's You. Welcome
What: Johnson's security guard looks so real, cars often slow while passing by as they cross the Monon Trail.
Cost: $77,000.
Artist: Seward Johnson.
Location: North side of Main Street at Monon Parkway.
Installed: Sept. 9, 2009.
Buy Photo The Right Light. (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)
11. The Right Light
What: The plein air painter is working on a piece about the Arts & Design District.
Cost: $118,000.
Artist: Seward Johnson.
Location: Northwest Corner of 4th Avenue NW and Main Street.
Installed: Sept. 26, 2009.
Buy Photo Spring Eternal. (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)
12. Spring Eternal
What: The whimsical piece was created by Jerry Joslin, who died in 2005. Their son, Sergei Joslin, attended the city's dedication ceremony for the work.
Cost: $49,975.
Artist: Jerry Joslin.
Location: Northeast corner of 4th Avenue NW and Main Street.
Installed: May 28, 2010.
Cyclo. (Photo: Provided by City of Carmel.)
13. Cyclo
What: Mayor Brainard thought the shapes in the work were well suited for display in a roundabout.
Cost: $80,000.
Artist: Brad Howe.
Location: 136th Street and Rangeline Road roundabout.
Installed: Nov. 12, 2011.
Buy Photo Ambassador of the Street. (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)
14. Ambassador of the Street
What: Johnson noticed that dogs often serve as the ambassadors of the street, connecting strangers out on their daily walks.
Cost: $78,000.
Artist: Seward Johnson.
Location: 110 W. Main St.
Installed: Feb. 11, 2012.
Buy Photo One Man's Search. (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)
15. One Man's Search
What: A man immerses themselves in a book on a park bench.
Cost: $78,000.
Artist: Seward Johnson.
Location: 110 W. Main St.
Installed: Feb 11, 2012.
Buy Photo My World. (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)
16. My World
What: A little girl explores perhaps their first picture book.
Cost: $70,000.
Artist: Seward Johnson.
Location: City Center, lower level.
Installed: March 2, 2012.
Buy Photo Big Sister. (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)
17. Big Sister
What: A sibling offers a helping hand.
Cost: $82,000.
Artist: Seward Johnson.
Location: City Center, upper level.
Installed: March 5, 2012.
Buy Photo The privately-owned piece is on loan to the Evan Lurie art gallery from artist James Tyler. (Photo: Chris Sikich/The Star.)
...And 1 giant head (untitled artwork)
What: The privately-owned piece is on loan to the Evan Lurie art gallery from artist James Tyler. It's for sale for about $25,000. The work may look familiar. They have a similar piece along Mass Ave.
Location: 42 W. Main St.
Sources: City of Carmel. Evan Lurie. Paula Stoeke, director of The Sculpture Foundation.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1HjwCaz
Because the pool of climate experts who dispute that humans are the primary cause of global warming is so small, representing just 2 to 4 percent of climate scientists, climate contrarians often reference the same few contrarian scientists. Two such examples are Roy Spencer and John Christy of the University of Alabama at Huntsville (UAH), both of whom have testified before US Congress several times, and are often interviewed and quoted in the conservative media.
And because that pool of contrarian climate experts is so small, their credibility often seems indestructible. For example, Richard Lindzen has been wrong on essentially every position he's taken on major climate science issues over the past quarter century, and yet the conservative media continue to treat them as a foremost climate expert. Therefore, it's important to remind ourselves what these few climate scientist contrarians really believe, and whether their arguments have any scientific validity.
Yesterday, Roy Spencer took to their blog, writing a post entitled "Time to push back against the global warming Nazis". The ensuing Godwinian rant was apparently triggered by somebody calling contrarians like Spencer "deniers." Personally I tend to avoid use of the term, simply because it inevitably causes the ensuing discussion to degenerate into an argument about whether "denier" refers to Holocaust denial. Obviously that misinterpretation of the term is exactly what "pushed [Spencer's] button," as they put it.
However, this misinterpretation has no basis in reality. The term "denier" merely refers to "a person who denies" something, and originated some 600 years ago, long before the Holocaust occurred. Moreover, as the National Center for Science Education and Peter Gleick at Forbes have documented, many climate contrarians (including the asupervisorstioned Richard Lindzen) prefer to be called "deniers."
"I actually like 'denier.' That's closer than skeptic," says MIT's Richard Lindzen, one of the most prominent deniers. Steve Milloy, the operator of the climate change denial website JunkScience.com, told Popular Science, "Me, I just stick with denier ... I'm happy to be a denier." Minnesotans for Global Warming and other major denier groups go so far as to sing, "I'm a Denier!".
Spencer is also on the advisory board of the Cornwall Alliance, a group with 'An Evangelical Declaration on Global Warming' claiming that "Earth and its ecosystems—created by God's intelligent design and infinite power and sustained by Their faithful providence —are robust, resilient, self-regulating, and self-correcting, admirably suited for human flourishing, and displaying Their glory." The declaration also has a section on "What We Deny," and Spencer recently wrote in The Christian Post,
...we deny "that most [current climate change] is human-caused, and that it is a threat to future generations that must be addressed by the global community."
Thus it's rather hypocritical of Spencer to complain about the use of a word meaning "a person who denies" when they have expressly admitted to denying these climate positions.
In their blog post, Spencer also wrote of those they call "global warming Nazis,"
"Like the Nazis, they advocate the supreme authority of the state (fascism), which in turn supports their scientific research to support their cause (in the 1930s, it was superiority of the white race)."
Aside from being incredibly offensive, these comments are extremely hypocritical coming from Roy Spencer, who previously described their job as a UAH climate scientist as follows.
"I view my job a little like a legislator, supported by the taxpayer, to protect the interests of the taxpayer and to minimize the role of government."
The day before Spencer's blog post, John Christy along with another UAH colleague Richard McNider, published an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal. Their piece was in response to comments by US Secretary of State John Kerry, who said,
"We should not allow a tiny minority of shoddy scientists and science and extreme ideologues to compete with scientific fact,"
Christy and McNider believe it's climate contrarians like themselves who 'embrace the facts.' To support this claim, they tried to argue that mainstream climate scientists are in denial about the accuracy of climate models.
"We might forgive these modelers if their forecasts had not been so consistently and spectacularly wrong. From the beginning of climate modeling in the 1980s, these forecasts have, on average, always overstated the degree to which the Earth is warming compared with what we see in the real climate."
First of all, modern climate modeling began in the 1970s. It's also wrong to claim that their forecasts have always overstated global warming. Just as one example, NASA's James Hansen published a paper in 1981 with a model that slightly underestimated the ensuing global warming.
Hansen et al. (1981) global warming projections under a scenario of high energy growth (red) and slow energy growth (blue) vs. observations (black). Actual energy growth has been between the two Hansen scenarios.
Climate model global warming projections have also far outperformed predictions made by climate contrarians, and have performed fairly well overall (including current climate models).
IPCC AR5 Figure 1.4. Solid lines and squares represent measured average global surface temperature changes by NASA (blue), NOAA (yellow), and the UK Hadley Centre (green). The colored shading shows the projected range of surface warming in the IPCC First Assessment Report (FAR; yellow), Second (SAR; green), Third (TAR; blue), and Fourth (AR4; red).
On the other hand, Christy and Spencer's estimates of the temperature of the Earth's atmosphere have consistently underestimated global warming. In the 1990s, they initially claimed the lower atmosphere was cooling, and had to make several warming adjustments when other groups identified errors and biases in their data set.
Changes in UAH lower atmosphere temperature trend estimates, growing consistently warmer over time as cool biases are removed. Created by John Abraham.
In their opinion piece, Christy and McNider present a graph that's supposed to prove their argument that climate models have overestimated global warming. However, rather than compare models and observations of global surface temperature, which are of the greatest importance for those of us living on the Earth's surface, they instead show temperature data from higher up in the atmosphere, the temperature of the mid-troposphere (TMT).
The figure in the Wall Street Journal piece suffers from several problems. First, it improperly averages the data (also known as "baselining") in a way that results in shifting the observational data downwards with respect to the model data, visually exaggerating the discrepancy. Second, it doesn't show any error bars or uncertainty ranges, and the error bars on the TMT data are large. Third, it simply averages together two satellite TMT data sets (presumably from UAH and Remote Sensing Systems), ignoring the fact that there is a large difference in the estimated warming trends from these two data sets, and that other TMT data sets that Christy and McNider excluded show even greater TMT warming, more in line with model projections.
The other problem is that Christy and McNider assume that the observational data are perfect, and thus that any discrepancy must mean the models are wrong. However, a U.S. Climate Change Science Program report co-authored by Christy concluded that the difference between satellite estimates and model projections of atmospheric warming is probably mostly due to errors in the observations.
"This difference between models and observations may arise from errors that are common to all models, from errors in the observational data sets, or from a combination of these factors. The second explanation is favored, but the issue is still open."
For more details, see Climate Science Watch. Christy and McNider's 'skepticism' now only seems to apply to the models and not to the observations, despite their long history of needing to make large adjustments to correct for cool biases in their own observational data. As climate scientist Andrew Dessler said,
"As far as the data go, I don't really trust the satellite data. While satellites clearly have some advantages over the surface thermometer record, such as better sampling, measuring temperature from a satellite is actually an incredibly difficult problem. That's why, every few years, another big problem in the UAH temperature calculation is discovered."
Spencer, Christy, and McNider offer perfect examples of what John Kerry was criticizing – shoddy, biased science being treated on equal footing with solid mainstream science. In reality, there should be an immense credibility gap between the climate contrarians who have been consistently wrong and who deny the inconvenient data, and the mainstream climate scientists whose positions are supported by the full body of scientific evidence.
When a fringe 2 to 4 percent minority - who consistently produce shoddy analysis and compare those with whom they disagree to Nazis - are given equal credibility by the media and policymakers as the 97 percent of scientific experts, we have a problem.
Posted by Darren Urban on June 3, 2014 – 4:55 pm
The Cardinals will finish up OTAs this week and conclude the offseason's on-field work next week (it does seem like it went fast) with a three-day mandatory minicamp. Minicamp has historically been the time when the Cardinals have held their Fan Fest event. Once, that was on a Saturday morning. With the advent of the new collective bargaining agreement, which bars any veteran work on weekends, minicamp was moved to a mid-week time and Fan Fest to University of Phoenix Stadium on a weeknight.
That's changed. Minicamp remains during the week, but Fan Fest is moving. Fan Fest this year will move to training camp, which will again be at University of Phoenix Stadium. The date of Fan Fest is yet to be announced — it should be coming sometime soon, when the complete training camp information is released — but it won't be held in June.
Tags: Fan Fest Posted in Blog
An ambitious plan already in motion would see Minnesota's capital city constructing a 1.5 mile long balcony/promenade structure next to the Mississippi River, part of what St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman calls an effort to make the river "downtown Saint Paul's front yard."
As it is now, one could spend a great deal of time working, living, and traveling around downtown St. Paul, and only occasionally be reminded that there's a river right next door.
If approved, the plan would add "vibrant outdoor spaces" to river-adjacent land stretching from Union Depot to the Science Museum, through an "elevated pedestrian walkway" along the bluffs of the Mississippi. Coleman's statement announcing a draft plan release promises a "jaw-dropping panoramic view of the great river valley."
Adds Coleman (now a DFL Party candidate for governor): "Personally, I'm looking forward to crossing another item off my mayoral bucket list: having a beer along the river in downtown Saint Paul."
Let's get to that part. One element of the proposal would see a new building constructed near the Wabasha Street Bridge, to serve as a "beer garden/brew pub." Whose beer? The city's plan doesn't say, but it's safe to assume some existing (or new) beer-makers with means would be interested in such a centrally located property.
Other noteworthy facets of the draft plan:
A series of new or improved balconies along the route for river views, and taking a break from all that walking;
A couple towers with stairs and elevators, to help people reach the elevated walkway from street level;
A combination of "'natural' and architectural landscape," with plenty of plants and a few trees;
Public art placement sites, for both permanent artworks and "temprorary/rotating installations."
Coleman notes that making the river more accessible to downtown pedestrians "has been a priority of mine and this city's for decades." As the Pioneer Press points out, a few drawings and building a cool little scale model still leaves a lot to be done.
The proposal is now open for public comment, which can be submitted to Lucy Thompson ([email protected], or by mail at 1300 City Hall Annexes, 25 W. Fourth Street, St. Paul, MN, 55102) and must be submitted before May 19. The St. Paul City Council plans to review the plan in its June hearing, and, if convinced, would adopt it as an amendment to the city's "Great River Passage" plan.
This is cool!
Between this, and the proposed amphitheater development in north Minneapolis, it appears the Twin Cities are getting around to realizing this river thing is good for more than shipping grain and luring condo developers.
Google
As the entire Internet struggles to build a better password, Google has built a password generator of its own into an experimental version of the Chrome browser.
The feature has been an option in Chrome since 2012, but on Thursday Google gave it some long-overdue attention with a new interface in Chrome Canary, the roughest version of the browser. Though that's no guarantee the feature will find its way into the stable incarnation of Chrome, the new interface indicates that Google might be preparing it for more-popular versions. NetMarketShare reports that Chrome is the second-most-used browser globally, with 19.61 percent of the market.
Chrome watcher and Google employee François Beaufort said on Google+ that the tool uses a C library with the FIPS 181 Automated Password Generator, and it spits out a "strong" and pronounceable password.
To activate it, you must be running Chrome Canary, and then enable two flags: chrome://flags/#enable-password-generation and chrome://flags/#enable-save-password-bubble. Once you've done that, Chrome will open an overlay and suggest passwords to you when you click on any field that requires a new password. While Chrome Canary won't override your existing Google Chrome, Google does warn that the browser is experimental and sometimes can stop working.
Password-generating tools like LastPass, 1Password, RoboForm and others are a mainstay of browser accessories, and are often recommended by security experts because they can help create and manage "strong" passwords. "Strong" refers to passwords that are difficult for hackers and computers to guess. Google's effort, if it makes it into the regular version of Chrome, could encourage other browser makers to build password generators and make the field more competitive.
Hackers stole celebrity photos from Apple's iCloud online storage service in part by guessing passwords to accounts. Stronger passwords might have protected the celebrities from the hack.
Update, 6:30 p.m. PT: Adds context.
16 coaches of a goods train derailed near Nergundi station in Cuttack, Odisha early Wednesday morning, September 27.
Two trains derailed at the same spot in Uttar Pradesh , only a day apart. The engine of a goods train derailed near Sitapur on 19 September morning, and the Burhwal-Balamau passenger train engine also derailed at the same spot the previous day.
Two coaches of an empty Agra-Gwalior passenger train derailed at the Agra Cantonment railway station in the early hours of September 23.
These were the four reported derailments that occurred in the past nine days. That is a frequency of almost one derailment every two days.
Derailments have increased steadily in the past few months. In August-September alone, the frequency of derailments was one derailment every three days. Given the increasing rate, one is forced to wonder: Is this the new normal?
The recent incidents of train derailments have caused great concern in the country. The rising frequency of the… Posted by The Logical Indian on Thursday, September 21, 2017
Train derailments in 2016-17 have led to the highest number of deaths in a decade. Over the past 10 years, there have been as many as 1,394 train accidents. Of these, 51% were due to derailments. During the tenure of the current NDA government, there have been at least 346 derailments.
The number of train accidents due to derailments has increased in the last five years even as total number of accidents has declined (source). As per a NITI Aayog discussion note (by Bibek Debroy, who presently heads the PMEAC), government data shows that the number of derailments has increased every year since 2012. Furthermore, more people died in derailment accidents in 2016-17 than the total between 2012-13 and 2015-16.
At the same time, the total number of consequential rail accidents was the lowest in 2016-17 even though the number of injured persons by railway accidents increased in the past year after falling from a high point in 2014-2015.
Analysis of the above data throws the following crucial insights:
Derailments accounted for over 50% of the total consequential accidents. 51% of the total casualties over the above period were on Level Crossing-related accidents, while about 35% of casualties on derailments. Together, Derailments and LC related accidents accounted for about 85% casualties; Similarly, derailments and LC related accidents together accounted for about 82% injured persons.
Why are India's trains going off tracks?
The main reason for the increasing number of accidents is the huge gap between government's promises and the ground reality. At the root of the problems is the financial crunch faced by Indian Railways with insufficient investments in the safety of passengers. (Analysis)
2016-17 was the year with the maximum number of deaths due to train accidents.
But the Railway authorities have hardly learnt from past mistakes.
The underlying questions remain – what are the safety measures taken for the passengers after repeated mishaps of train derailment? What is really ailing the Indian railways?
Most accidents are met with oft-repeated reactions like “Strict action shall be taken against the guilty,” and so on. Days pass, inquiry commissions submit reports to assess which accident has had the most damaging effect, unless another case of derailment again makes it to the headlines.
Who is to be blamed? The government? The railway ministry? Or the poor state of infrastructure? The Indian Railways are treated as a GDP-churning-asset, capable of transporting people and freight. Hardly any attention is paid to the aspect of safety of the passengers travelling by the railways. Where does the factor of accountability lie?
The Indian Railway has lost its focus on operations. It runs as an organisation systematically managed by successive governments THAT lack the understanding of the organisation's potential.
The Logical Indian community urges the government to look into the matter of railway safety on a priority basis and make sure that such fatal mishaps are avoided.
Why Are India's Trains Going Off Track? Three derailments within a span of 12 hours. Know why are our trains going off track #In2Minutes. Posted by The Logical Indian on Friday, September 8, 2017
Also Read:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Weekday Swansea City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tottenham Hotspur have lined up Gylfi Sigurdsson as a better alternative to current transfer target Ross Barkley, according to reports.
The Daily Star and others are suggesting the Swansea City star could return to White Hart Lane in a shock move if Spurs' reported interest in Everton man Barkley bears no fruit.
Sigurdsson has been impressive this season, scoring nine times from midfield and Pochettino is a known admirer of the Ice Man.
Spurs want to beef up their attacking options ahead of another tilt at the Premier League title next term, after narrowly missing out to newly-crowned champions Chelsea. The reports say Spurs chairperson Daniel Levy is ready to sanction a move, with Pochettino believing the White Hart Lane club should never have sold Sigurdsson in the first place.
Sigurdsson, 27, who claimed the Player Of The Year award at Swansea's end-of-season, struggled in a two-year spell with Tottenham.
Christian Eriksen and Dele Alli have gone on to become first choice picks in Pochettino's side, but the Argentine may be lining up a bid, reported to be in the region of £25million.
A Valve employee has accidentally leaked the upcoming Left 4 Dead 3.
On 29 June, Tristan Reidford posted an asset importing tutorial on the official Valve developer blog.
As part of the walkthrough, images from Reidman's desktop show a folder named “left4dead3”.
This leak is given further credence by the amount of time Reidford has spent playing Left 4 Dead 2 and recent updates to the supposed Left 4 Dead 3 Steam entry, as can be seen on Steam DB.
You can check out the full breakdown of the story in the video below:
Do you think we will see Left 4 Dead 3 soon? Let us know in the comments below and in our forums.
More gaming news
Where to buy the AMD Radeon RX 480 – South African prices revealed
Pirates may have broken through ‘un-crackable' Denuvo DRM
The worst marketing ideas in videogame history
In an unexpected turn of events, Robert "Wobbles" Wright found themselves going into the grand finals without dropping a set at the Evolution Championship Series in 2013, the same event that included all five gods of Super Smash Bros. Melee. The beloved Ice Climbers player triumphed over Joseph "Mango" Marquez, Kevin "PPMD" Nanney and Juan "Hungrybox" Debiedma. But the storybook run came to an abrupt end as Mango recovered from the loser's bracket to defeat Wobbles in two consecutive sets.
Fans hoped that the second place finish at Evo 2013 was a start of things to come, but Wobbles lived true to their word and retired from competitive play. For the next couple of years, Wobbles shifted from a player to a community figure, primarily as a commentator at majors and as a teacher at local tournaments in Texas. Editor's Picks Leffen won't attend Evo due to visa delays Despite promising to win Evo 2016, William "Leffen" Hjelte will have to take a backseat as visa issues continue to plague him.
League of Legends global power rankings through July 13 Counter Logic Gaming slowly returns its Mid-Season Invitational to form while teams like Jin Air and Longzhu continue to disappoint.
Valve prohibits online gambling through Steam for Counter-Strike and Dota 2 Valve has broken its silence with an announcement that addresses the issue of unregulated gambling in Counter-Strike and Dota 2 through its Steam marketplace. 2 Related
Occasionally, they competed at larger regionals -- they did phenomenally well for a player out of commission -- defending their turf from the likes of Jason "Mew2King" Zimmerman, Weston "Westballz" Dennis, and Joey "Lucky" Aldama. Wobbles viewed Smash majors as fun events to hang out with friends. It wasn't always smooth sailing, though. In 2015, they entered Evo with Mario and finished in 129th place.
On November 2015, Wobbles signed with esports team Panda Global as a commentator and a competitor. Since then, they have found themselves competing at events with a mix of peaks and valleys in both performance and mindset. They performed well at the Low Tier City events in Texas, but they also finished an abysmal 97th at Genesis 3.
While most Ice Climbers prefer efficiency by wobbling their opponents, Wobbles, despite what their name might suggest, prefers other unique options and uses de-syncs to create highlight-worthy combos. For Wobbles, the innovation brings them more enjoyment than mashing "A" at a set rhythm over and over again, but he's realized that this hasn't led to the best results.
"I look at some of the sets I've lost," they said. "There have been many close games where I lose by a stock because I went for a riskier play instead of wobbling."
Robert "Wobbles" Wright is considered one of the best Ice Climber players in the world. Provided by Rob Paul
There are two Wobbles: one that loves to play for fun and one that plays competitively. Wobble laments what competition turns them into, sheepishly admitting that they turn into a sore loser. Given their competitive drive, they note that it's very frustrating to play in "try-hard" mode.
"In a tournament set, I have to play safe when I'm going for the win and focus on what works," they said. "In the Peach matchup, I blizzard and set up walls for the entire match. Eventually, I get bored and mess up, then they take the stock."
Even when Wobbles won a set, they frequently left upset and tilted. They realized they were okay with playing competitively and wobbling against better players like Hungrybox or Mew2king, but they didn't always see it that way when facing players in a lower tier. Every moment against a better player was a learning experience for them to refine their gameplay. Coming off this epiphany, they shifted their mindset towards playing competitively against other players as well.
"I've turned tournament sets into a teacher-student relationship with my opponent," they said. "I bring in situations to see if they can deal with it. If they make dumb mistakes, then they need to learn. I'm the teacher passing out the test."
In regards to wobbling, they added, "If my opponent ended up getting wobbled seven or eight times in a set, they clearly didn't pass the test. Study and come back next time because you didn't learn and certainly didn't deserve the win."
The teacher-student mentality has liberated Wobbles from the issues of playing their hardest. Still, they know he's at their best when their overall mindset is not so much about winning as it is about keeping a healthy mental state. In the past month, Wobbles has focused on playing Overwatch and strumming the guitar instead of grinding on Melee. This allows them to stay calm and become less frustrated with the game while maintaining their mood and energy levels.
"Back in 2013, I was having fun and enjoying the moment," they said. "Defeating three gods and finishing in second was the byproduct. My main focus this time is just to have a good mindset, have fun, and enjoy myself as much as possible while not intentionally sabotaging my chances [by not wobbling]."
Pretty much the moment I am facing anybody who constitutes the slightest threat at Evo, they're getting wobbled. Mercilessly. - PG Wobblin' Wobbles (@PG_Wobbles) July 6, 2016
A mentally healthy Wobbles is definitely a scary one. He's performed well in Texas over the past two years, but can they perform at a national level again? Maybe we'll see a glimmer of Evo 2013 Wobbles this weekend.
Synthetics startup Ras Labs is working with the International Space Station to test “smart materials” that contract like living tissue. These “electroactive” materials can expand, contract and conform to our limbs just like human muscles when a current moves through them – and they could be used to make robots move and feel more human to the touch.
Ras Labs co-founder Lenore Rasmussen accidentally stumbled upon the synthetic muscle material years ago while mixing chemicals in the lab at Virginia Tech. The experiment turned out to be with the wrong amount of ingredients, but it produced a blob of wobbly jelly that Rasmussen noticed contracted and expanded like muscles when they applied an electrical current.
It would be years later when Rasmussen's cousin nearly lost their foot in a farming accident that they would start to employ that discovery to robotic limbs and space travel. The co-founder thought their cousin might lose their foot and started researching prosthetics.
Rasmussen found there weren't many good replacements out there at the time that looked and acted like the human body or felt comfortable to wear. So they went about inventing something that would look, feel and react just like muscle and would fit snugly to the human frame.
Ras Labs CEO Eric Sandberg likens what the team is doing to re-creating Luke Skywalker's arm in Star Wars episode 5. “That arm is somewhat the ultimate goal of prosthetics,” Sandberg told TechCrunch. “It provides that lifelike motion, control, and dexterity.”
Rasmussen and their team say the material can conform to fit human flesh. This means the prosthetic liners will shrink and fill in the space to maintain a comfortable fit for the patient's body. According to Sandberg, the material will even react and adjust when the wearer is dehydrated after a run or hiking.
The lab is still in the testing phase – various types of the synthetic materials are stiffer but not as flexible, others are more flexible, but not as strong. Ras Labs most pressing goal is to get these synthetic blobs to mimic human muscles as much as possible.
While the focus on Earth is on prosthetic use, Rasmussen really charges up when asked about the material's otherworldly applications. Them lab sent a batch of these polymers with the SpaceX 6 Falcon 9 rocket earlier this spring to see how they hold up in space.
We are making science fiction a reality. Lenore Rasmussen, Ras Labs
“They're able to withstand a variety of really hostile environments for life. What they're being tested for up on the International Space Station is radiation resistance,” said Rasmussen.
Rasmussen will have to wait for the results of those tests for a little while. Them materials will remain in orbit until sometime in 2016 when the rocket comes back to Earth. But Rasmussen thinks she'll be able to apply their synthetic muscles to both human and robot in the next five years. The hope is that the material will be included as part of the NASA 2020 Mission to Mars.
“We are making science fiction a reality,” Rasmussen told TechCrunch.
In the near-term, the synthetic muscle could be applied here on Earth. Imagine deploying robots made with these polymers into nuclear disaster zones or other unsafe places where humans can't go.
It also leads humanity one step closer in a way to making our future robot overlords/slaves look and feel more human. Rasmussen told us it's possible to design the material to look fleshy and that it can form like human limbs.
Ras Labs has also partnered with commercial interests to create protective gear and equipment and is in the middle of raising a seed round to help it continue the work on the ground and beyond our atmosphere.
Scientists have studied these types of fluid, flexible “electroactive” materials for a while. The most common application, according to Wikipedia, is with sensors and actuators. The employment of these synthetic muscles to robotics, prosthetics and other equipment – particularly in space travel -is neat.
“The sky is no longer the limit for smart materials,” Rasmussen said.
Here are your Puck Headlines: A glorious collection of news and views collected from the greatest blogosphere in sports and the few, the proud, the mainstream hockey media.
All the Sabres and Canucks jerseys mashed into one. Gross.
• What do the Buffalo Sabres and Vancouver Canucks have in common? Well, they're expansion cousins, but they're also famous for their terrible uniforms. Here's what both would look like if you combined all their sweaters into one. [Reddit]
Scroll to continue with content Ad
• Los Angeles has a hockey-themed food truck! Bloggers mobilize! [The Royal Half]
• Alex Ovechkin was involved in a minor traffic collision in Russia, and it was their fault. What happened? Did they fail to use their rearview mirror, making for easy jokes about their unwillingness to backcheck? Sadly, no. They just lost control of their car, which still makes sense, since he's occasionally a reckless hitter. [RMNB]
• The Smithsonian has a feature on the tragic Lokomotiv plane crash. [Smithsonian]
• The Sarnia Sting were mocked for taking Pavel Zacha in the OHL draft, but he's going to report to the team. [Buzzing the Net]
• Young fantasy guys to target in keeper leagues. But let's get serious: if Tyler Seguin is available, you're in the worst keeper league ever. [NHL]
• Alex Radulov talks about what Ovechkin can expect playing for Barry Trotz: "Bad coaches don't work at the same club for 15 years." Radulov told Lysenkov today. "When I came to Nashville Trotz helped me a lot. I learned a lot. I became a hockey player. The coach trusted me, called me up from the minors. I have only the best memories of Trotz. This is a new challenge for them [in Washington]. Life changed, they had to go. But they have a lot of ideas that they will be able to realize in Washington."[Dmitry Chesnokov]
Story continues
• It always makes me laugh what a jerk David Backes is on the ice compared to what a good person they are off the ice. David and their wife Kelly visited Nairobi last month with the Starkey Hearing Foundation to personally fit hearing aids to impoverished citizens. [David Backes]
• Who are the top-rated goalies in EA's latest NHL game? Here's a hint: Jonathan Quick is now literally overrated. [EA Sports]
• Katie Strang on the rise of the fancystats elite. [ESPN]
• Mark Spector too, on Tyler Dellow's hiring by the Edmonton Oilers, which is no small thing, since these two have had some run-ins. Here's the spirited jab: "From Mom's basement to Hockey Op's. That's quite a leap, and it couldn't have happened to a more notorious guy." [Sportsnet]
• The New York Rangers add to their coaching staff, reuniting Darryl Williams with Alain Vigneault and Scott Arniel. [Blueshirts United]
• The Predators broadcast team on FOX Sports adds rinkside reporter Lyndsay Rowley. [Tennesseean]
• Andrew Barroway has pulled their bid to buy the New York Islanders, probably because Charles Wang is asking $400 million for a New York hockey team that isn't the Rangers. [PHT]
• Connor McDavid is the guy for Canada's national junior team now. [Yahoo]
• Speaking of the World Juniors, Canada needs to get a little more Finnish, head coach Benoit Groulx says, much to the horror of Don Cherry. [Toronto Sun]
• And speaking of Don Cherry, they deny ever living in a mansion that's listed as formerly-his at an Ontario auction. Whatever the truth is, we know it's a good Canadian mansion. [Sportsnet]
• Finally, right back to McDavid. Here's a little feature on them and Jack Eichel, hockey's two biggestup-and-comers.
Fighters from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) group have entered the museum in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, placing guards at its doors, the country's antiquities director Mamoun Abdulkarim has said.
Abdulkarim confirmed on Saturday that the group had raised their flag over the ancient citadel that overlooks some of the spectacular Greco-Roman ruins in the city.
Speaking at a press conference in Damascus, the antiquities director said some modern plaster statues in the museum had been destroyed but they did not report any damage to antiquities in the building.
I hope that they [ISIL] do not repeat the same destruction they committed in Iraq. Mamoun Abdulkarim, Syria Antiquities Director
The fighters on Thursday "entered the museum and broke some plaster statues... that were being used to represent life in prehistoric eras".
They returned on Friday, and when they left, "they closed the doors behind them and placed their guards" at the entrance of the museum, Abdulkarim said, citing residents still in the town.
Antiquities moved in advance
Most of the antiquities in the museum were removed and brought to Damascus before ISIL cemented its control of Palmyra on Thursday.
"There's almost nothing left in the museum, we had been progressively transferring the antiquities to Damascus," the Agence France-Presse news agency quoted Abdulkarim as saying.
"But there are still the large items, like the sarcophagi, which weigh three or four tonnes and we could not move. Those are what worry me."The Roman-Byzantine sarcophagi feature high-relief carvings.
Abdulkarim also confirmed that ISIL fighters had raised their black flag over the 13th century Mamluk Fakhr al-Din al-Maani citadel that overlooks the ruins of Palmyra.
Earlier, a photograph purporting to show the ISIL flag over the citadel was circulated on social media, but it was not possible to confirm its authenticity.
Both the citadel and the ruins are on the UNESCO World Heritage list, and before the war some 150,000 tourists a year visited Palmyra.
The arrival of ISIL in Palmyra has caused international concern about the fate of the city's historical treasures, because the group has destroyed heritage sites in areas under its control in neighbouring Iraq.
"I hope that they do not repeat the same destruction they committed in Iraq," Abdulkarim said. "We will consider measures to prevent them from destroying Syrian cultural heritage."
Donald Trump's Real Problem Is With White People
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gerald Herbert/AP Gerald Herbert/AP
Donald Trump needs to stop the bleeding.
Since the two parties' conventions, they have plummeted in the polls — both nationally and in the states.
Their campaign knows this. Their new campaign manager, KellyAnne Conway, is a veteran Republican pollster well aware of Trump's deficiencies with certain voting groups.
Politics For Many Black Voters, Trump's 'What Do You Have To Lose?' Plea Isn't Enough For Many Black Voters, Trump's 'What Do You Have To Lose?' Plea Isn't Enough Listen · 3:44 3:44
That's why there's been a concerted effort in the Trump campaign to reach out to black and Hispanic voters, even if it's been poorly received by many nonwhites.
But the outreach might not be entirely to gain the support of minority voters, who are deeply skeptical of Trump and indicate they are supporting Hillary Clinton overwhelmingly.
It might be aimed, in large measure, at white people, in particular suburban whites with college degrees. You know, people who traditionally vote Republican. They might be persuadable, given their past voting history, but they don't want to vote for someone who is viewed as a racist or a bigot.
So their campaign is trying to change that. Trump has been speaking specifically about black voters at multiple events over the last week or so (though in front of predominantly white crowds) in Wisconsin, Ohio, Texas and Florida. They held an event Wednesday night in Jackson, Miss., where 4 in 5 residents are black.
That outreach continues Thursday at an event at Trump Tower, where black and Latino leaders are supposed to join Trump. And there will perhaps even be a tour of Detroit led by Ben Carson, who grew up there, in early September.
But how can it be, that Trump has a white people problem? Isn't they supposed to be the candidate who appeals squarely to whites?
Let's take a look at the polling. What it shows is that Trump is underperforming with whites compared with Mitt Romney's performance in 2012:
toggle caption Domenico Montanaro/NPR; Latest NBC/WSJ poll, 2012 national exit polls
White women: Romney won white women by 14 points — 56-42 percent, according to national exit polls.
Trump, in the latest NBC/Wall Street Journal poll released this month, is down a point with the group, 43-42 percent.
That's a 15-point shift. No Republican can afford that.
White men: Romney won white men by a huge margin — 27 points (62-35 percent).
Trump is supposed to drive up the score with white men. But, according to NBC/WSJ, he's only up 13 points (49-36 percent), far less than Romney.
And, let's remember, Romney lost in an electoral landslide to President Obama.
A big problem for Trump is when education is factored in.  They are struggling to win the margins they need with whites with college degrees. Just look at this chart of Trump's massive deficit with white women with college degrees:
Clinton has unprecedented 20-point advantage over Trump among college-educated white women: https://t.co/V5qOgGPjvV pic.twitter.com/cLbwD0x0gv — ABC News (@ABC) August 16, 2016
What's stunning about this is that Democrats have never won a majority of white voters with college degrees since exit polling began in 1976.
And when it comes to white voters without a college degree, even here Trump is only doing about as well as Romney did. Romney won 61 percent of whites without a college degree. Trump, in the latest, CNN/ORC poll, gets the support of 59 percent.
toggle caption Domenico Montanaro/NPR; Latest NBC/WSJ poll numbers; Fox News Latino poll; 2012 national exit polls
Yes, Romney lost by big margins with nonwhite groups, too, but white voters made up 72 percent of the electorate in 2012 (likely to be slightly less this year.) Trump's campaign has to think there's nowhere to go but up with minority voters — except, right now, Trump is doing worse (or almost similarly bad) with both African-Americans and Latinos also.
Maybe Trump's outreach to minorities can change their standing somewhat with those groups. But an important group they need to reach are those white voters, who should be traditionally open to voting Republican but are not behind them right now.
That's a point Republican pollster Whit Ayres made as well this week to the Washington Post.
"After 15 months of denigrating every nonwhite minority in sight, it's hard to believe that they can actually do significantly better among nonwhites," said Ayres, who wrote the book 2016 and Beyond: How Republicans Can Elect a President in the New America. They joined Marco Rubio's campaign as their pollster. "But they may be able to soften their image a bit with some Republican and maybe a few independent whites who have been put off by their harshness thus far."
But this is a big hole to climb out of in less than 11 weeks.
By Ainur Rohmah
TUBAN, Indonesia
A magnitude 6.1 earthquake hit the Flores Sea off Indonesia on Wednesday, but no tsunami alert was issued.
National Disaster Management Agency spokesperson Sutopo Purwo Nugroho told Anadolu Agency that the temblor struck at around 2.39 a.m. (1939GMT Tuesday) while residents of nearby islands would have been sleeping.
The quake hit 105 kilometers (65 miles) northwest of East Flores Regency in East Nusa Tenggara province at a depth of 537 kilometers.
"Until now there has been no reports of damage and casualties," Nugroho said.
According to the head of the earthquake and tsunami mitigation division at the Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency, the impact of the tectonic earthquake had not been strongly felt due to the depth of its epicenter.
"Although this earthquake is classified as a strong earthquake, fortunately the quake has the type of deep hypocenter which [resulted in] no potential damage and no tsunami potential," Daryono, who like many Indonesians uses one name, told Anadolu Agency.
Indonesia lies within the Pacific's "Ring of Fire", where tectonic plates collide and cause frequent seismic and volcanic activity.
In June, a magnitude 6.5 tremor damaged buildings in western Sumatra Island, with its shocks reportedly felt in parts of Singapore and peninsular Malaysia to the north.
On Dec. 26, 2004, a 9.1-magnitude earthquake struck the eastern coast of Sumatra, causing a tsunami that killed around 230,000 people as it tore along the coasts of Sri Lanka, India, Malaysia, Indonesia and Thailand.
A federal law governing hate speech violates Canadians' charter rights to freedom of expression, the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal has ruled.
The development could give more ammunition to those who complain that the Canadian Human Rights Commission, which refers cases to the tribunal, is engaging in censorship by attempting to restrict what people say on the Internet.
The decision, released in Ottawa Wednesday, also seems to call into question whether the tribunal should be involved at all in policing online content through Section 13 of the Canadian Human Rights Act.
Story continues below advertisement
"This case raises questions about the substance of the law itself," said Michael Geist, a University of Ottawa law professor who holds the Canada Research Chair in Internet and E-commerce Law. "This will only build the momentum for another examination of how we approach this."
At issue was a complaint lodged with the tribunal against Marc Lemire, webmaster of freedomsite.org. Ottawa lawyer Richard Warman alleged that the messages posted on the site were discriminatory and exposed minority groups to "hatred and contempt," key language under Section 13 of the law.
Mr. Lemire responded by requesting that the law be "declared inoperative" because it is inconsistent with the Charter of Rights and Freedoms. Tribunal member Athanasios Hadjis agreed. They wrote in the ruling that the law was originally intended to be "remedial, preventative and conciliatory in nature," rather than a means to hand out penalties.
Section 13 defines it as "discriminatory" for an individual or group "to communicate telephonically or to cause being so communicated … any matter that is likely to expose a person or persons to hatred or contempt" based on characteristics such as race, religion, sexual orientation, and so on.
Advocates call the law a necessary control on hate speech in an age where the Internet makes the spread of messages easier and faster. Opponents say it's censorship and has no place in a free society.
The tribunal's decision, which will likely be appealed, is not binding beyond Mr. Lemire's case. However, it moves the debate forward, said University of Windsor law professor Richard Moon.
"It creates a new situation in which all the different legal and political actors have to think about what their response is," Prof. Moon said.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In 2008, Prof. Moon wrote a report for the CHRC about the role of Section 13 in the Internet age that said the law should be repealed. They wrote that Internet use means that "any attempt to exclude all racial or other prejudice from the public discourse would require extraordinary intervention by the state."
But Mr. Warman, who brought the case, disagrees.
"There is no unlimited right to speech," they said. "The fact is, this was a hate website and it attracted hate."
Mr. Warman cited postings by a visitor to freedomsite.org that, in a separate case, the tribunal called "as vile as one can imagine and not only discriminatory, but threatening to the victims."
Mr. Lemire said webmasters are not responsible for content on message boards.
"It's not for the state to … decide what beliefs we can have," they said. "People shouldn't be put through a six-year-long hearing even if they're Nazis, even if they're communists, even if they're racists."
Story continues below advertisement
Bernie Farber, the CEO of the Canadian Jewish Congress, said all hate speech is a potential trigger.
"Racist war, from the ethnic cleansing in Cambodia, to the Balkans, to Darfur, to the Holocaust, did not start in a vacuum," they said.
"Hateful words do have an effect. … The Internet cannot and should not be a wild frontier where anything goes."
A recent breach at billing and support software provider WHMCS that exposed a half million customer usernames, passwords — and in some cases credit cards — may turn out to be the least of the company's worries. According to information obtained by KrebsOnSecurity.com, for the past four months hackers have been selling an exclusive zero-day flaw that they claim lets intruders break into Web hosting firms that rely on the software.
WHMCS is a suite of billing and support software used mainly by Web hosting providers. Following an extended period of downtime on Monday, the privately-owned British software firm disclosed that hackers had broken in and stolen 1.7 gigabytes worth of customer data, and deleted a backlog of orders, tickets and other files from the firm's server.
The company's founder, Matt Pugh, posted a statement saying the firm had fallen victim to a social engineering attack in which a miscreant was able to impersonate Pugh to WHMCS's own Web hosting provider, and trick the provider into giving up the WHMCS's administrative credentials.
“Following an initial investigation I can report that what occurred today was the result of a social engineering attack,” Pugh wrote. “The person was able to impersonate myself with our web hosting company, and provide correct answers to their verification questions. And thereby gain access to our client account with the host, and ultimately change the email and then request a mailing of the access details.”
Meanwhile, WHMCS's user forums have been and remain under a constant denial-of-service attack, and the company is urging customers to change their passwords.
As bad as things are right now for WHMCS, this rather public incident may be only part of the company's security woes. For several years, I have been an unwelcome guest on an exclusive underground forum that I consider one of the few remaining and clueful hacking forums on the Underweb today. I've been kicked out of it several times, which is why I'm not posting any forum screenshots here.
Update, May 29, 12:35 p.m. ET: WHMCS just issued a patch to fix an SQL injection vulnerability that may be related to this 0day. See this thread from Pugh for more information.
Original post:
In February, a trusted and verified member of that forum posted a thread titled,” WHMCS 0-day,” saying they were selling a previously undocumented and unfixed critical security vulnerability in all version of WHMCS that provides direct access to the administrator's password. From that hacker's sales thread [link added]:
“No patches for it until now, vulnerability is a full blind SQL injection discovered by me. Wrote an exploit for it that works from command line which extracts admin hash from [database]. No need to decode md5 hash, can login directly with faking cookies. 🙂 Also can provide 3 methods to upload shell from the whmcs panel after logging in as admin. will sell exploit to maximum 3 buyers. -Price: $6k USD -Payment Method: LR [Liberty Reserve]”
According to this hacker, WHMCS doesn't properly validate input supplied by users. As a result, an attacker who knew how to exploit this bug could force a WHMCS installation to cough up the credentials needed to administer it. The seller also is offering buyers an easy way to maintain remote access to compromised WHMCS installations via a Web browser.
I've reached out to WHMCS for comment, and will update this post in the event I hear back from them. I'm taking WHMCS at their word about the source of their breach, but it goes without saying that this vulnerability could have offered the attackers another way in (assuming that the company relies on its own billing and support software).
Just a short note about some of the media coverage I've seen on the larger breach story. Some reports have called WHMCS a “cloud billing provider,” but it doesn't appear that WHMCS offers a hosted solution of their product exactly. Near as I can tell, the company sells its software for a one-time fee (with annual update fees), or for a monthly lease fee. They do seem to partner with other companies to provide them with licenses for resale, an in those cases support may have been handled by WHMCS. In this case, the software would call home to a licensing server, and those customers may have been among the most heavily impacted by this attack.
There are lengthy and interesting discussion threads about this directly from users of the software, at webhostingtalk.com and lowendtalk.com. Many users seem to be worried that the data stolen the now-public breach may include WHMCS direct customer data, as well as the location of the installed software and credit card data, and passwords for WHMCS installs that were done by them or supplied during troubleshooting.
According to one user I interviewed but who asked not to be quoted by name, the biggest problem with the software is that it stores the decryption key in its configuration file. “So any billing gateway that doesn't use tokenization would have the credit card numbers stored in the MySQL database, encrypted with the key,” the user said.
Tags: blind sql injection, Liberty Reserve, lowendtalk.com, Matt Pugh, mysql, oday, underweb, webhostingtalk.com, whmcs, WHMCS 0day, zero day
My cosplay of Angewomon from Digimon Adventure - made for EuroCosplay preliminations in April 2012 (Magnificon, Cracow). As far it is the biggest and most expensive in my collection. But there's definitely more to comecosplayer photographer PSmanipulation (THANK YOU!)special thanks to Kitty for being my Kari (she's featured on some of the other photos, will post them soon!) and an awesome help with dressing up and everything elseI'd like to thank all the polish crew from the bottom of my heart - for all help and support shown during the (long) process of making. You guys really made me feel loved and gave so much energy to carry on until the end*well, there ARE some visible small errors on this photo, but I'll take care of it on some other time (when I have some spare energy to do it) cosplayanimes.deviantart.com/j… WOW, JUST GOT FEATURED IN A GROUPTHANK YOU[find me on] :facebook : AHusCoslakeinstagram : @aheuetwitter : @suddenlyAHu
ISLAMABAD: Prime Minis­ter Nawaz Sharif has relaxed the moratorium on gas connections for 55 constituencies of influential politicians and federal ministers since May last year.
However, 35 more such cases are still in the pipeline while in two cases, the prime minister has turned down proposals for connecting un-served areas with the network of Sui Northern Gas Pipelines Limited (SNGPL).
The previous government of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) had imposed the ban on new connections in 2011 because of a serious natural gas shortage.
The PM relaxed the moratorium for the constituencies of their son-in-law retired Captain Mohammad Safdar, Jamiat Ulema-i-Islam-F chief Maulana Fazlur Rehman, Housing and Works Minister Akram Khan Durrani, Petroleum Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi, Defence Minister Khawaja Mohammad Asif, Minister for Capital Administration and Development Division Tariq Fazal Chaudhry, Minister for Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan Chaudhry Mohammad Barjees Tahir, Parliamentary Affairs Minister Sheikh Aftab, National Health Services Minister Saira Afzal Tarar, Defence Production Minister Rana Tanvir, Minister of State for Water and Power Abid Sher Ali, Minister of State for Interior Mohammad Balighur Rehman, Chairman of Standing Committee on Human Rights Babar Nawaz Khan, former prime minister Mir Zafarullah Khan Jamali and former senator Zahid Khan.
Son-in-law, Fazl among beneficiaries
The ban was relaxed in the constituencies of MNAs belonging to the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) and including Junaid Anwar Chaudhry (NA- 93), Waseem Akhtar Shaikh (NA-139), Haji Mohammad Akram Ansari (NA-85), Mohammad Amjad Farooq Khan Khosa (NA-171), Mohammad Afzal Khokhar (NA-128), Mohammad Arshad Khan Laghari (NA-197), Waheed Alam Khan (NA-127), Rana Mohammad Hayat Khan (NA-142), Chaudhry Bilal Ahmed Virk (NA-136), Rana Mohammad Ishaq Khan (NA-141), Sardar Mohammad Ishaq Khan (NA-134), Sardar Mohammad Irfan Dogar (NA-134), retired Lt Col Ghulam Rasool Sahi (NA-75), M. Saqlain Shah Bukhari (NA-182), Mian Shahid Hussan Khan Bhatti (NA-103), Mumtaz Ahmed Tarar (NA-108), Mian Mohammad Farooq (NA-80) and Mohsin Shah Nawaz Ranjha (NA-65).
The cases submitted to the prime minister and awaiting approval are of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Chief Minister Pervez Khattak, Qaumi Watan Party chief Aftab Ahmed Khan Sherpao, Planning and Development Minister Ahsan Iqbal, Minister for Food Security Sikandar Bosan, Minister for Human Rights Kamran Michael, National Assembly Deputy Speaker Murtaza Javed Abbasi, PPP leader Syed Naveed Qamar, Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf MNA Ali Mohammad Khan, Awami National Party Senator Baaz Mohammad Khan, PML-N MNA Shazia Mubasshar, PML-N's KP president Pir Sabir Shah, Chairman of Standing Committee on Climate Change Hafeezur Rehman Khan Drishak, Rao Mohammad Ajmal Khan, Chaudhry Riazul Haq, Chaudhry Khalid Javed Warriach, Mohammad Tallal Chaudhry, Mian Mohammad Farooq and journalist Rahim Ullah Yousuf Zai.
These details have been submitted to the Islamabad High Court by SNGPL's counsel during the hearing of a petition filed by Advocate Jahangir Jadoon who is seeking gas connections for their village Kholian Bala in KP's Haripur district. The counsel disclosed that the prime minister had also approved billions of rupees of direct funding for these schemes.
According to some legal experts, the PM's approval for releasing direct funding for such projects was illegal. In order to support this argument, they cited an Aug 18, 2016, judgement in which the Supreme Court observed: “The Constitution does not permit the use/allocation of funds to MNAs/MPAs/notables at the sole discretion of the prime minister or the chief minister. If there is any practice of allocation of funds to the MNAs/MPAs/notables at the sole discretion of the prime minister/chief minister, the same is illegal and unconstitutional.”
The judgement issued on the prime minister's powers declared that the prime minister could not bypass the federal cabinet.
When contacted, SNGPL manager (legal) Ali Rukh Khattak said that since the moratorium had been imposed by the prime minister during the previous regime, the incumbent PM was the only authority to allow any relaxation for connecting localities with the gas utility's network.
PM's spokesperson Mussadiq Malik, Petroleum Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi and Minister of State for Information Marriyum Aurangzeb did not respond when approached.
Attorney General Ashtar Ausaf, however, said the prime minister had the authority to relax the moratorium and release funds for development schemes. “There are certain discretions of the prime minister which cannot be undone.”
They said parliament approved the federal budget for development schemes, and under the Constitution, the prime minister was the final authority who gave the approval and released the funds.
According to Mr Ausaf, the prime minister had approved the projects and funding in accordance with their mandate.
Published in Dawn, February 25th, 2017
Student activists across the nation are demanding the hiring of more minority faculty. At Claremont McKenna College, where I teach, students have pushed for faculty training to sensitize us to the ways implicit racial biases supposedly shape our hiring decisions. At neighboring Pomona College, activists insist that half of all new faculty positions must be offered to racial minorities by 2025. Whatever one makes of the merits of such demands for greater diversity, many of the arguments that inform them are far more powerful when extended to academia's most underappreciated minority: conservative professors.
While campus activists say discrimination against professors of color is due to implicit biases, research shows that academics are often explicit about their bias against conservative job applicants. George Yancey's study found that approximately 30 percent of sociologists confessed that if they knew a job seeker was a Republican, they would be less likely to support their candidacy. Job candidates who are members of the National Rifle Association and evangelicals fared even worse, perhaps because those affiliations are proxies for cultural conservatism. Yancey further found that many other disciplines in the social sciences were not any more tolerant than sociology. Yoel Inbar and Joris Lammers study of bias in the field of social psychology corroborated Yancey's findings. What surprised the authors most, however, was just how frank so many psychology professors were about their biases. As Inbar told the Washington Times: “Usually you have to be pretty tricky to get people to say they'd discriminate against minorities.”
Conservatives are also far less well represented in academia than all current targets of affirmative action. Women, in fact, now receive some 60 percent of BA's and a majority of all Ph.D.'s, prompting some feminists to declare the “end of men.” Of course, people of color are underrepresented in the professoriate, though not as much as campus activists sometimes suggest. While approximately 34 percent of all Americans self identify as black, Latino, or Asian, some 21 percent of all professors do likewise. Conservatives can only dream of being this well represented. While the 2012 National Election Survey found that 36 percent of all Americans self identify as conservative, a recent survey by Neil Gross and Solon Simmons place the percentage of conservative faculty at 4 percent in the humanities and 5 percent in the social sciences.
Of course, some particular racial groups are more poorly represented in the professoriate than others. But unlike conservatives, their representation is improving. For instance, while 7 percent of full professors identify as black or Latino, 12 percent of assistant professors do likewise.
Advocates for racial minorities further contend that hiring more professors of color will help minority students feel more at home in the university. That may well be true. But much evidence also suggests that conservative students feel uncomfortable in their universities. Education professors Stephen Porter and Paul Umbach report that conservative students often avoid majoring in the social sciences and humanities where knowledge has been politicized by the left. Amy Binder and Kate Wood's ethnographic study also noted the same tendency among conservative student activists despite their strong interest in political and social issues.
Even though conservatives are arguably more marginal to academic life than racial minorities, some object that they should not be the targets of diversification efforts. Conservatives, after all, have not faced much discrimination outside academia's walls. They are well represented in corporate America and in Congress,dddddddd to give just two examples.
Yet affirmative action was extended to white women in the 1970s even though they faced far less discrimination than racial minorities. White women were included not because they confronted serious discrimination in a large range of occupations, but largely because they increased diversity. As Richard Kahlenberg observed, the “compensatory argument did not work well for women” in particular. “[W]hite women are much less economically disadvantaged than blacks and can readily compete in a number of educational and employment arenas without preference.”
Today's affirmative action's defenders emphasize the idea of diversity. And since the primary purpose of diversifying faculties is to cultivate a “robust exchange of ideas,” as Justice Powell put it, there is no good reason to exclude conservatives. If we really want a robust exchange of ideas, shouldn't our diversity policies focus on ideational diversity? And while there are many good reasons to oppose affirmative action in general, there is no coherent case for excluding conservatives in particular.
Jon A. Shields is associate professor of government at Claremont McKenna College and coauthor with Joshua Dunn of the forthcoming book, Passing on the Right: Conservative Professors in the Progressive University (Oxford, 2016).
Okay boys and girls, I need some help.
My friend Allison from Little Rock, Ark. said they are going to send me a food box with their favorites from The Razorback Natural State. I want to send something in return that gives a good flavor of Upstate New York.
The obvious challenge is that it cannot be perishable — so, Wake Robin cheese, bread from one of the great bakeries, and Hoffman's hot dogs are out. I could do salt potatoes, but that 5 lbs. bag takes up a lot of space (LITTLE KNOWN FACT: On a trip to Las Vegas, I once packed 10 lbs. of hot dogs and a bag of salt potatoes into my checked luggage for my cousin.). Here's what I am thinking:
But, I'm not sure what else. I want to send them a bottle of Finger Lakes wine, but there are rules about such things. I could do coffee from Cafe Kubal or a salumi from Side Hill Farmers…
So, dear readers, help me fill the box. What am I missing? What is uniquely Central/Upstate New York that needs to be enjoyed in Little Rock?
I'll share the results with you after I send it along and I'll let you know what Allison sends this way.
UPDATED 5/3, 10 a.m.
I kind of stepped in it. And, like most other times I stepped in it, I didn't mean to step in it.
I've changed some of the text. It originally said something to the effect that I could send Cafe Kubal coffee but every town has a good roaster and/or purveyor of coffee and I don't know if my friend Allison is loyal to a Little Rock outlet. Then, I get this Tweet:
That's not at all what I meant, though I should have articulated myself differently. OF COURSE, Cafe Kubal is unique. If it weren't, I would not have written my screed about the airport. Its owner, Matt Godard, has talked a lot about preserving the barista-customer interaction and the experience of the handcrafted beverage, and the pour-over itself is a little bit of art in one's day.
The CK experience is awesome, but I cannot afford $936 to fly a CK barista and gear to and from Little Rock, Ark. for them to have a CK pour-over (that's with a checked bag; the barista would leave SYR at 6 a.m., connected in ATL and arrive in LIT at 10:50 a.m. They would have a couple of hours on the ground, then a return flight that takes off at 3:10 p.m., goes through ATL again, and arrives at 10:38 p.m.).
CK is unique to this city and should be appreciated as such. It's part of this city's food fabric. I changed my wording above so it didn't seem like I was implying anything else.
**
So, here's what has been suggested:
Margaret McCormick, fellow St. Bonaventure alum and author of the Eat First blog, suggests Ballard's Jerky and squash seed oil from Stony Brook Oils.
Melissa, a former co-worker and a San Francisco aficionado, suggested something from F. Oliver's.
Brian Moritz, my former college roommate and author of the Sports Media Guy blog, made a good point. While a cliche, there is nothing more Upstate than Anchor Bar wing sauce. They second the F. Oliver's.
Lea Nordhaus, whose maiden name is Pavente, had the unfortunate distinction of being mistaken for my sibling for many years. Anyhow, they thirded (is that a word?) the F. Oliver's and thinks I need to offer something up from Kandied Kernel.
Candy Johnson, a former teacher at my (and Lea's, for that matter) alma mater thinks I need to include some maple syrup. Turns out that I know a guy that makes their own.
Down beneath in the comments, I've heard chicken barbecue sauce including Chiavetta's and Brooks. I know I can get the former, but I have to search for the latter.
Speaking of chicken, a Facebook commenter said I should track down some of the Cornell/State Fair chicken barbecue sauce.
Also in the comments, Buck's seasoning was suggested. Totally forgot about that.
The Syracuse Reddit has offered up salt potatoes, Terrell's potato chips, Turkey Joints candy, Speach Family Candy, Chocolate Pizza Company, Grandma Brown's Baked Beans, River Rat Cheese, Croghan balogna, maple sugar candy, half-moon and Italian cookies.
The Upstate NY Reddit mentioned some of these things, but one commenter said I should send Stewart's Shoppes ice cream “even if it melts.”
Speaking of cold, a commenter on the Syracuse Reddit thinks I should just suck it up, grab some dry ice and send bags of Hoffman's hot dogs and coneys. It has crossed my mind.
Mark Strong, known by their Twitter handle PhoManCho and Proof Is In The Eating blog, says that I should abandon the Salamida's spiedie sauce for Lupo's. That's easy enough. They also think I should send sauce from Sal's Birdland or Country Sweet, as well as New Hope buckwheat pancake mix and cornmeal from Gianforte Farms.
A few votes have come in for Kriemhild Dairy butter and Lune Chocolat, both which could be easily acquired on my next trip to Manlius for rations at Side Hill Farmers.
Keep the suggestions coming.
Advertisements
Don't let their relative absence from mainstream media fool you, Tech N9ne is one of the most prolific MCs in the game. The Strange Music rapper's collective just dropped a sampler that features snippets and new songs, including this number called “B.-.T.C.H.,” featuring T-Pain.
The song's title is short for “Breaking Into Colored Houses” and features the Kansas City rapper's speedy flow sprinting over a key heavy and atmospheric beat while the OG Auto-Tune advocte T-Pain handles the hook. The rest of the Strange Music sampler features cuts from Krizz Kaliko, Wrekonize, Brotha Lynch Hung and more.
Oh, and the title is metaphorical; Tech isn't really a burglar. Instead, they lyrically detail how they plan to be all over your TV sooner than later, thus in your crib.
Tech N9ne's latest album, Something Else, is due out June 25. Listen to and download “B.-.T.C.H.” below.
[Spotted at The Sermon's Domain]
Download: – Tech N9ne ft. T-Pain “B.-.T.C.H.”
—
Photo: Strange Music/XXL
The Star Tribune ran a story last week about the steps being taken to enhance fan safety at the Twins' Target Field, but one angry Vikings fan couldn't get past the headline.
That was because the photo showed a Target Field worker installing safety netting while wearing a Green Bay Packers hat. In Minnesota. Blasphemy!
The fan wrote an irate letter to the editor in the Star Tribune that read:
“I was so insulted that the March article about the new safety netting at Target Field included a photograph of a man wearing a Green Bay hat. I was actually so angry I couldn't read past the title. Nets being put up in our Minnesota stadium must be done by someone wearing a Minnesota hat or nothing at all. Signed, a disgusted reader.”
Intriguingly Irate Letter to the Editor Prompts Local Woman to Google Its Reference startribune.com/twins-opt-for-… https://t.co/WjQ3juK7Wt—
Stacey Burns (@WentRogue) March 26, 2016
The Packers and Vikings have one of the top rivalries in the NFL, but this man was working at a baseball stadium — not U.S. Bank Stadium. I see no conflict of interest with the hat.
Minnesota fans may disagree, though.
I dunno if this is allowed here but im posting this so more people get involved. If there is any type of proof wanted just let me know. You can check the development forum here for the VX and you can see Im the only dev for it. I have a total of 4 but giving away one of them.
So this is a raffle/twitter contest. Nothing special required. Click link put in info and tweet the contest at the end. Email is required but you can put in anything you want as long as your Twitter handle is correct and you tweet it at the end.
Contest is now over
Also, I am amending the contest to include a brand-new HTC Media Link.
Enjoy and good luck
The Office of Budget Responsibility was created to be George Osborne's friend. The theory was that under the leadership of Sir Alan Budd, the OBR would urge the Chancellor to cut. Budd would be listened to more than Robert Chote, who was then running the IFS. But when Sir Alan quit unexpectedly, Chote took over. Since then, the OBR has become the in-house prophet of doom. It not only points to a growth-free future for Britain, but keeps getting its forecasts wrong. It is proving laughably unreliable as a means for working out the likely effect of UK government policy.
In the Telegraph today, Doug McWilliams who wrote the original brief for the OBR, has attacked the current chairperson for causing the Chancellor ‘no end of trouble' and branded the organisation a ‘disaster'. In particular, McWilliams said the organisation has ‘completely failed to understand how to bring in information from the outside'.
It's easy to see where McWilliams is coming from. Examining the OBR's forecasts over the past two years shows just how they lulled Osborne into a false sense of security two years ago, suggesting that their policies for prosperity would be enough. Take GDP — the OBR estimates have differed significantly from their first report (before the June 2010 budget) and their latest publication in March:
Their forecasts for unemployment have also differed slightly over the past three years:
Osborne's biggest headache now is the soaring cost of living, with prices running way ahead of wages. The Chancellor even put up VAT, not knowing he'd just be piling on the pain for consumers who were to face the worst inflation in the EU. The chart below show OBR predictions for inflation (measured with CPI) have been reforecast in the opposition direction they initially predicted:
A PIECE of clothing will probably fit a three month old for about three months — max. In those first years, kids are growing so fast parents are turning over entire wardrobes every few months, sometimes weeks. So why would you spend a fortune on your little bub's ensemble?
This is a question to ask the mum of three-month-old twins Isabella and Jacob. Mum and media personality Louise Hill (of Diva Dogs fame) has already spent more than $30,000 on designer outfits for the pint-sized pigeon pair.
More: Where to buy kids clothes online
Their wardrobe is filled with clothing from designers such as Ralph Lauren, Prada and Dior, so it's not surprising that this well turned out duo is dubbed ‘Britain's most pampered twins' — not that they would even be aware. Listen to this list of luxe lifestyle perks: they never wear the same outfit twice, and are chauffeur driven in a stroller way better than the one Kim Kardashian bought for North. They even have ornamental milk bottles covered in Swarovski crystals, and their own Twitter account, peppered with pictures.
@LoriKelly7 good morning from two little water melons 🍉🍉🍉🍉 pic.twitter.com/wzIQM5JWOh — Hill Twins (@UKPamperedTwins) May 27, 2015
Louise and their husband, Daniel Hill — a well known TV personality in the UK — have revealed that they had trouble conceiving, so when their IVF was finally successful, they wanted to give their children the best.
“I bought a lot of stuff before they were even born. They are so precious and are little miracles that we want to give them everything,” Louise has said to the Daily Mail.
“We thought we might not have children so it was quite an emotional moment when we did manage to conceive — after such heartache I did go a bit bonkers.”
We're all snuggly in our blankets, they are so soft thank you @LindaTVDealer xx pic.twitter.com/b6c6neiOOH — Hill Twins (@UKPamperedTwins) April 18, 2015
“We have had quite a good response. People always want to know what the twins are going to be wearing and which designers Louise has chosen. They often find a lot from Spain and from smaller boutiques so the clothes are often very classical and not the sort of thing you would pick up in Mothercare,” Dan added.
“I'd rather buy a Dior dress for Isabella or a Prada snowsuit for Jacob than a designer dress for myself,” Louise toldSunday People.
“When I said I was going to dress them in something different every day, people thought I was exaggerating or I wouldn't actually do it. But I was serious. They're so precious and nothing is too good for them. I want them to look their best all the time and I ­enjoy it. I spend four hours getting us all ready to leave the house.”
Check me out, Wearing my first pair of shoes today. It's all about #hilltwins #baby #fashion don't ya know 😉 pic.twitter.com/dI0DdTznC0 — Hill Twins (@UKPamperedTwins) April 14, 2015
“Some people may look at it as them being spoilt but if someone couldn't have a child and then they finally did give birth then they would want to give that baby everything they possibly could,” Louise said.
“You can look at it as them being spoilt but I see spoilt as children who scream and shout because they want something. Neither Dan nor I have wealthy backgrounds that we grew up in, we have both worked hard and earned our money so we know the value of it. A lot of people don't realise that.”
I see Louise's point. I really do. It is heartbreaking for many parents who struggle to experience the joy of having a baby. They may be going to extreme, but it is their way of celebrating their little miracles.
And there is also a charitable side to the Hill family's excesses — Louise has said they will auction off the clothes and all money raised will go to the premature baby unit at the hospital where they had the twins.
“We are going to pack them up into bundles and auction them off then give the proceeds to the premature baby unit at the hospital where I had the twins,” they toldThe Mirror.
“We may have an expensive habit — but we do want to give something back.”
Think mummy has a thing for #shoes look at these new ones I've got #baby #robertocavalli happy Isabella x pic.twitter.com/yqExLhsbGw — Hill Twins (@UKPamperedTwins) April 13, 2015
More on Kidspot:
Kids clothing: A guide to shopping online
11 clever no-sew fashion hacks for you and the kids
Bob Lee, a key member of the Illinois Chapter of the Black Panther Party (ILBPP), founder of the original Rainbow Coalition in Chicago, and self-described lifelong community organizer, passed away Tuesday March 21, 2017 after a battle with cancer. They were 74 years old. They leaf behind their wife Faiza, two brothers, a son, and a long list of activists and organizers influenced by their dedication to the poor and underserved.
I last saw Bob Lee less than two weeks before their death in their hospital room in Houston, Texas. Still the consummate organizer, they were trying to organize the hospital's nurses and dining staff from the confines of their hospital bed! As I watched their efforts in amazement, Bob reminded me that “one should never pass up an opportunity to organize those in need.”
Bob Lee, named Robert E. Lee, III, was born on December 16, 1942, to Robert and Selma Lee. They grew up in Houston, Texas where they attended Phillis Wheatley High School along with two other deceased infamous classmates, Houston Congressman Mickey Leland, and Carl Hampton, slain leader of People's Party II, a local black revolutionary group inspired by the Black Panthers whose name was suggested by Lee to avoid police repression, all to no avail.
They acquired effective grassroots organizing skills by observing activists in their mother's nightclub, the civil rights activism of their father, and the labor struggles of the Longshoreman's Union that was directly across the street from their childhood home. Lee once declared, “I was raised around organizing. Any nightclub in the South during segregation; all the conversations that I listened to in the club were organizing work. So, I had an instinct by being raised in an organizing world.”
Lee moved from Houston, Texas, to Chicago in 1968 as a VISTA (Volunteers in Service to America) volunteer stationed at the Isham YMCA. They were the recreation leader of the facility during the day and a counselor at night. Lee worked exclusively with gang members in the area, including African Americans, Puerto Ricans, and Southern whites. After the assassination of Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1968, Lee joined the Illinois chapter of the Black Panther Party for the purpose of conducting community organizing. Due to Lee's familiarity with and experience as an organizer of white youth on Chicago's North Side, ILBPP Deputy Chairman Fred Hampton appointed Lee as field secretary and section leader for the area. The North Side consisted mostly of segregated, nonblack neighborhoods.
In late 1968, Fred Hampton and Bob Lee indirectly created the original Rainbow Coalition. Led by the ILBPP, the Rainbow Coalition included the Young Lords, a socially conscious Puerto Rican gang; and the Young Patriots Organization (YPO), a group of Confederate flag-wearing southern white migrants. This political formation later became famous when Harold Washington used it as a base for their successful bid for mayor of Chicago in 1983.
Lee was joined by fellow Panthers Hank “Poison” Gaddis, Jerry Dunnigan, and Ruby Smith in organizing with the Young Patriots on Chicago's North Side, specifically Uptown, unbeknownst to Hampton and other Illinois Panther leadership. After Lee informed Hampton of their activities, the two men met on the roof of the Panthers' headquarters alone. Both were well aware of the great promise but potential fragility of multiracial coalition-building. Bob Lee remembered:
[Fred Hampton and I] believed that solidarity in Chicago was stronger than anywhere else. We knew our organization would not last long, and we knew that we had to move fast. We didn't fool ourselves… There was a mystique in the Party about my cadre because no one knew what Poison and I were doing. I only dialogued with Fred.
Lee would insist that “Fred Hampton introduced class struggle” to the growing movement in Chicago, citing “rallies and their speeches that set up the ideology in which I was able to apply.” Fred Hampton was the face of the Rainbow Coalition, and Bob Lee served as the legman. Hampton gave speeches and sat for interviews on behalf of the organization, but it was Bob Lee who was the mover and shaker of the group. Lee was out in the street politicizing North Side groups and introducing them to the Black Panther Party.
The first encounter between Lee and the Young Patriots actually happened by accident. Lee was invited to speak at the Church of Three Crosses on the Near North Side by Charlotte Engelmann, a white attorney. The congregation of the church consisted of predominantly upper-middle-class whites. Engelmann had also invited the Young Patriots to speak that night. Lee remarked:
In theory, one does not put southern whites and the Panthers together. It was a mistake in programming. When I got a phone call and was asked to speak, I was not informed about the Young Patriots attending. My intention was to introduce the Illinois Black Panther Party because the organization was new to the city of Chicago… The event was my first speaking engagement.
The Young Patriots had been invited to speak about police brutality. Bob Lee was surprised by the intense hostility and class dialogue between the two white groups, and they were unaccustomed to the way that the middle-class group verbally attacked the Young Patriots.
Coming from the South, it was a culture shock for me. I had never seen that before, because in the South whites were united around race… I had never seen whites attack poor whites before. I had never seen poor whites having to explain themselves to other whites before… When I was called upon to speak, I made my speech, and it was an emotional tie-in with the Young Patriots because I felt the hostility towards them. And that was the beginning of our alliance.
Bob Lee introduced the youth gathered that night to the ideology of the Black Panther Party and its community service programs. The Young Patriots were easily persuaded to work with the Panthers, being receptive to the concept of class solidarity. The YPO's introduction to class solidarity that transcended racial divisions, courtesy of Bob Lee, also forced members to reassess its vestigial identification with the Confederate flag. As Lee and others helped organize the Young Patriots around Panther ideology, the group quickly became the leading political representatives of the Uptown neighborhood, an alternative to the electoral clientelism of then-mayor Richard Daley. Together, the Panthers, the YPO, and the Young Lords in Lincoln Park helped to form the Uptown Coalition of Poor People. The community coalition united residents against owners they now identified as slumlords.
The first Rainbow Coalition was short-lived, as it fell apart after Hampton's tragic assassination in December 1969. Lee wasn't entirely bitter about Rev. Jesse Jackson's appropriation of the concept for their own political gains and agendas during the 1980s – in their opinion, Jackson “gave it a new set of legs.” But they had a greater appreciation of Harold Washington's mayoral campaign of 1983, which recognized the historical roots and power of the earlier iteration of the Rainbow. According to Bob Lee,
It was not until the election of Harold Washington that organizers realized the actual strength of the Rainbow Coalition, which also helped members to understand the local power structure's commitment to eliminating the group, as it was a real political threat to machine politics in Chicago.
Lee left the Panthers and returned home in 1970, where they continued their work as a grassroots community organizer until their death. I first met them in 2007, at their home in Houston, where I first interviewed them for my book, From the Bullet to the Ballot. Before they would sit with me for an interview they wanted to check my commitment to organizing those in need.
Lee was bound to a wheelchair later in life, due to multiple sclerosis. Nonetheless, they drove me around the Fifth Ward, where they were known as the “Mayor.” An elderly African American woman flagged down our car, and we pulled over. They told Lee that they needed a pair of shoes, taking care to mention their shoe size, and Lee told them they would find them a pair. A few blocks later, an older African American gentleman asked to have their lawn cut. Shortly thereafter, Bob Lee approached a young man who told us they had not eaten in a few days.
A few hours later, we borrowed a lawnmower from a neighbor. Lee made a stop at a community center and picked up a few pairs of shoes for the woman. The young man who needed food mowed the older gentleman's lawn, then they met us at the elderly woman's home, who needed the shoes. We then sat down for a meal and all ate heartily. Everyone they helped that day assured Lee that they would vote for El Franco Lee, Bob Lee's brother who preceded them in death, for Harris County Precinct 1 Commissioner, and for other candidates that Lee supported.
Lee did all this important work from a wheelchair. Their example inspired me to become the activist that I am today. They trained me how to connect with those in need, how to meet people at their level, and the significance of relationships in fostering grassroots community organizing. In our current climate of racial and political polarization, aggravated by the election of Trump, Lee's work in organizing across race within the class is all the more necessary.
If Bob Lee could unite folks across deep-seated racial differences – especially folks like the Young Patriots – in the segregated 1960s, then we have no excuse not to equal, if not eclipse Lee's success in our current polarized context. Speaking as an historian, I see no need to reinvent the wheel in order to address Trumpism today.
It was activists like Lee, their fellow Black Panthers, and the original Rainbow Coalition who created change in our nation, by daring to enter distant neighborhoods and forge alliances. It is through the continuing nuances of applying the methods of the past to the grassroots organizing tenets of today, including social media, databases, digital archives, algorithms, and so on, that the extremes of our moment's polar opposites will be connected to establish a conduit of understanding, communication, and respect. As a political symbol, the Rainbow didn't refer just to a series of colors; it signified an arc of connection between different places and people. For Lee and others who participated with them in struggle, this was the only possible starting point for revolutionary solidarity.
This article is over 4 years old
Mark Menzies quits as a parliamentary private secretary to Alan Duncan following Sunday Mirror investigation
Tory MP resigns as aide over allegations made by Brazilian male escort
A Tory MP has resigned as a ministerial aide following allegations reportedly made by a Brazilian male escort.
Mark Menzies quit as a parliamentary private secretary to international development minister Alan Duncan following a Sunday Mirror investigation into their personal life.
In a statement the Fylde MP said: "I have decided to resign as a PPS after a series of allegations were made against me in a Sunday newspaper.
"A number of these allegations are not true and I look forward to setting the record straight in due course."
Fylde Conservative association chairperson councillor Brenda Ackers said: "Mark has the full support of their constituency party."
Menzies was elected in 2010 and was swiftly promoted to be a ministerial aide, serving former energy minister Charles Hendry and former housing minister Mark Prisk before their role with Duncan.
They grew up in Ardrossan, Ayrshire, and was raised by their mother after their father died a month before they were born.
Menzies, 42, studied economics and social history at Glasgow University before embarking on a career in retail, starting out at Marks & Spencer as a graduate trainee.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 23, 2014, 12:02 AM GMT By Rachael Rettner
A 42-year-old electrician in California developed star-shaped cataracts in their eyes after a serious work-related accident caused electricity to run through their body, according to a new report of the case.
The man's left shoulder came into contact with 14,000 volts of electricity, and an electric current passed through their entire body, including the optic nerve — the nerve that connects the back of the eye to the brain.
"The optic nerve is similar to any wire that conducts electricity," said Dr. Bobby Korn, an associate professor of clinical ophthalmology at the University of California, San Diego, who treated the patient. "In this case, the extreme current and voltage that passed through this important natural wire caused damage to the optic nerve itself," Korn said.
Four weeks after the accident, Korn evaluated the patient, who was experiencing vision problems. An examination showed the man had "striking cataracts in both of their eyes," that were star-shaped, Korn said. A cataract is a clouding of the lens in the eye.
The reason cataracts sometimes take on a star shape is not fully understood, Korn said. In animal studies, damage to the eye's lens from electricity first appears as small bubbles called vacuoles on the outside of the lens. These bubbles then coalesce to form a star-shaped cataract, Korn said.
Four months after the accident, the man had surgery to remove the cataracts and implant a new lens, and their vision improved slightly after the operation, Korn said. But the damage to their optic nerve still limited the man's sight, Korn said.
Korn explained that the eye is like a camera: If the lens is damaged, it can be replaced with a new one, but if the "film" — in this case, the optic nerve and retina — is damaged, "then you'll never get a good picture," Korn said.
Now, 10 years later, the man still has poor vision in both of their eyes, Korn said. But they are able to commute on public transportation and take classes at a community college using assistance, Korn said.
The man's case is reported in the Jan. 23 issue of the New England Journal of Medicine.
More from LiveScience
Wrong Magento implementation can have critical consequences as dropping conversion rates. How to save your eCommerce before bad practices? It should be in our best interest to optimize code and therefore improve user experience. PHP code issues can be easier to find and fix than infrastructure ones.
I will introduce you the 10 worst Magento development practices followed by detailed examples. I picked the most common and the most important ones. I hope this article will help many to save their eCommerce before bad practices and to optimize their code.
1. Overriding core files
Magento uses nice event hooking system, following the Observer Pattern, allowing additional functionality to be plugged in and out without modifying the core code.
Very often developers rewrite a core file when there's a possible way to accomplish the functionality with an event observer. Magento provides a lot of events that are dispatched at different times. All of these events can be observed, and the objects provided by the events can be modified.
There's is no possible way to rewrite the same core file more than once without creating extends chain. By using event observers multiple modules can exist at the same time without conflicting — many modules can observe the same event.
2. Collections – query results limitation
In order to improve code performance and scalability remember to apply limitation on the collection's query results — it's much better to do $collection->getSize() instead of $collection->count() or count($collection) because that ways, all of the items will be loaded from the database and than iterated.
3. Memory – fetching large result set
Method fetchAll() used to fetch and iterate over larger result sets will lead to a very long execution time, moreover PHP will probably run out of memory. The better solution is to fetch row by row using the fetch() method. For example:
Wrong:
$rowSet = $this->_getReadAdapter()->fetchAll($select); foreach ($rowSet as $row) { //process row }
Good:
$query = $this->_getReadAdapter()->query($select); while ($row = $query->fetch()) { //process row }
4. Counting array
PHP Function count() is fast but when used in a loop this changes really severely. Calculating the size of an array on each iteration of a loop, if the array or collection contains a lot of items, will result in much longer execution time. Counting size should be done outside the loop not on each iteration.
Wrong:
for ($i = 0; $i < count($array); $i++){ // do something }
Good:
$size = count($array); for ($i = 0; $i < $size; $i++){ // do something }
5. SQL queries inside a loop
Very common bad practice is to load Magento models and process it inside a loop. Running SQL query is very expensive operation, and doing it in a loop tends to make it even worse. Instead of doing that we could use data collections to load models and then process it. We also need to be careful when working with collection to do not exceed memory.
Wrong:
foreach ($this->getProductIds() as $productId){ $product = Mage::getModel('catalog/product')->load($productId); $this->processProduct($product); }
Good:
$collection = Mage:getResourceModel('catalog/product_collection') ->addFieldsToFilter('entity_id', array($this->getProductIds())) ->addAttributeToSelect(array('name')); foreach ($collection as $product){ $this->processProduct($product); }
6. Models loading
We need to remember that each time of executing load() method, separate query'll be executed on a database. Also, loading multiple models separately, slows down our code. Models should be loaded only once, with a single SQL query.
Wrong:
$attr = Mage::getModel(‘catalog/product')->load($productId)->getAttr(); $sku = Mage::getModel(‘catalog/product')->load($productId)->getSku();
Good:
$product = Mage::getModel(‘catalog/product')->load($productId); $attr = $product->getAttr(); $sku = $product->getSku();
We also don't always need the whole model to be loaded — we can do it only when its necessary. In other cases, load only attributes which are needed.
$productId = Mage::getModel(‘catalog/product')->getIdBySku($sku);
7. Cron misconfiguration
Many developers use Daemons but the most common way to schedule tasks is through Cron jobs. Magento has a cron.php file that allows developers to add a crontab node to modules configuration. You must ensure that your system has a cronjob for doing it that way.
<crontab> <jobs> <catalogrule_apply_all> <schedule> <cron_expr>0 1 * * *</cron_expr> </schedule> <run> <model>catalogrule/observer::dailyCatalogUpdate</model> </run> </catalogrule_apply_all> </jobs> </crontab>
8. Invalid cache usage
Speed up your Magento project by caching View parts. The HTML output of a block can be saved in the Magento cache. There're nearly no blocks saved in the default Magento store, except the frontend and admin headers. The cache management has to be written in the constructor of the Block:
class {NS}_{Module}_Block_{View} extends Mage_Core_Block_Template { protected function _construct() { $this->addData(array( 'cache_lifetime' => 120, 'cache_tags' => array(Mage_Catalog_Model_Product::CACHE_TAG), )); } }
The output code will be saved in a cache until the “Product” cache will be deleted. If cache_lifetime is equal to false, it means that the cache will never expire.
9. Theme for mobile browsers
Good practice is to use optimized templates for mobile browsers. Magento can check Browser Agent and than serve a different theme, optimized for mobile. Magento allows adding exception to the most of the configuration parameters. It takes a regular expression string and compare it with the user's browser agent.
You can use it to check what browser user's using and set a different package, template, skin or layout. In other words, you can set a different them for mobile browsers.
Doing it is simple, just go to System -> Configuration -> General -> Design -> Package and Theme section and set-up appropriate settings.
10. Image Optimization
If you want to serve different images for mobile site, always declare width and height for them. The recommended image dimensions for mobile Magento store are:
Product image – 250px / 250px
Thumbnail – 120px / 120px
Don't make the dimension larger and make sure that all your product images are of the same dimensions for height and width.
Photo by Robert Agthe
Lan Marie Nguyen Berg, MDG
Av Per Inge Østmoen, fotograf og skribent
Lan Marie Nguyen Berg påstår i dette intervjuet at prisen på kollektivtrafikk ikke er viktig for folk. Det er neppe riktig! Men det er meget interessant at etter å ha doblet bompengeprisene, fjernet parkeringsplasser, innskrenket gratisparkeringen og gjort parkering i Oslo mye dyrere, forsvarer hun at også kollektivtrafikken blir dyrere.
Hun forsvarer dyr kollektivtrafikk med at det blir enda dyrere å kjøre bil. Det gjør altså ikke noe at buss, bane, trikk og tog blir dyrere - så lenge det blir enda mye dyrere å kjøre bil! Them er en helt fantastisk og utrolig uttalelse: «Relativt sett blir det billigere å kjøre kollektivt i forhold til å kjøre bil, og det er det som er viktig.» Lan Marie Nguyen Berg har ingen forståelse for at andre mennesker ønsker å eie og bruke bil, og hun har heller ingen forståelse for at dyr kollektivtrafikk faktisk legger byrder på mennesker med lite penger. Så lenge det er mye dyrere å bruke bil er alt i orden, mener Lan Marie Nguyen Berg og de som tenker som henne.
Les også: Er vi bilister spedalske i deres øyne?
Slag i ansiktet
Hun innrømmer også åpent at når det blir dyrere å kjøre bil, blir det mer plass til de som fortsatt kjører bil. «De som trenger å komme fram, kommer fram lettere, selv når de skal kjøre bil.» Med andre ord, den politikken hun fører er en politikk for at bare de som har mye penger kan få mulighet til å bruke bil. Dette er sterkt usolidarisk, og et slag i ansiktet på dem som har lave inntekter og kanskje ikke arbeid i det hele tatt.
Kan det uttrykkes klarere at MDG er et overklasseparti som er ledet av de som har mye penger? Disse sitatene forteller tydelig at them har vi å gjøre med en overklassementalitet, en usolidarisk og enøyd ovenfra-og-ned holdning som vitner om at bilmotstanderne mener at de alene har forstått hva byens innbyggere har behov for.
Innlegget fortsetter under bildet.
Per Inge Østmoen
Saken er bare den at byens innbyggere ønsker ikke veiprising. Vi ønsker ikke å miste parkeringsplasser og vi ønsker ikke dyr parkering. Vi ønsker at det skal være mulig å bruke bil i byen - nå og i fremtiden. Men Lan Marie Nguyen Berg og de som hater bilen har bestemt for oss alle hva som er best for oss!
Manglende virkelighetsforankring
Lan Marie Nguyen Berg viser også manglende virkelighetsforankring. Hun fremstiller antibil-politikken sin som «klimapolitikk.» Men privatbiler står ikke for mer enn 12 prosent av de globale klimagassutslippene. I tillegg bruker biler stadig mindre drivstoff og slipper ut stadig mindre avgasser. Luftkvaliteten i byene har blitt stadig bedre, også i Oslo. Men bilmotstanderne bruker luftkvaliteten som argument mot bilen.
Les også: 5 grunner til at Miljøpartiet er en trussel mot folk flest
Lan Marie Nguyen Berg forteller i filmen at hun synes det var kjempeflott å se Norge, å kunne stoppe i Trondheim og se hvor fin byen var i solskinn, å være en tur i Bodø og ta en tur på stranda. Det er veldig mye livskvalitet ved å ta seg litt lenger tid, sier hun. Dette har hun helt rett i. Men man kan jo gjøre det samme og i enda høyere grad, med en førerkontrollert privatbil slik at man er uavhengig av rutetider og kollektivtraseer og virkelig kan planlegge sin tid!
Lan Marie Nguyen Berg og de som tenker som henne er helt ute av stand til å forstå at andre mennesker kan ha andre behov og prioriteringer enn henne selv. La oss samle oss om å sette en stopp for denne virkelighetsfjerne og særdeles usolidariske antibil-politikken!
Russia has called for a thorough and unbiased investigation into a Saudi airstrike that killed over 140 people at a funeral in the Yemeni capital city of Sana'a, urging punitive measures against all those responsible for the attack.
The Russian Foreign Ministry, in a statement released on Sunday, condemned the Saturday airstrike, saying, “It must be thoroughly and impartially investigated; and its organizers and executors must be duly punished.”
The Russian statement added that “a repeat of such a tragedy can only be avoided through the cessation of violence and the resumption of a comprehensive political process, where Yemenis themselves determine their future on the basis of corresponding United Nations resolutions and national dialog without any external interference.”
More than 140 people lost their lives and over 525 others sustained injuries on October 8 when Saudi military aircraft struck a hall in the Yemeni capital where rows of people were attending a funeral.
Canada calls for probe, too
Additionally, Canadian Foreign Minister Stephane Dion has also demanded a prompt investigation into the Saudi airstrike.
“The Saudi-led coalition must move forward now on its commitment to investigate this incident,” Dion said in a statement on Sunday.
They added, “Canada calls on all parties in Yemen to avoid an escalation of violence as a result of this incident.”
Yemeni rescue workers pull out a victim from amid the rubble following a Saudi airstrike against a packed funeral site in the capital, Sana'a, October 8, 2016. (Photo by AFP)
“Canada urges all parties to abide by their obligations under international humanitarian law, and to commit to political dialogue and to a lasting cessation of hostilities to halt the tragic loss of civilian life,” the Canadian foreign minister said.
Saudi Arabia has repeatedly been condemned for its indiscriminate targeting of the Yemeni population. In the war the Riyadh regime has launched on Yemen, at least 10,000 people have been killed, with many of them being civilians, according to the United Nations (UN).
On Sunday evening, the leader of Yemen's Houthi Ansarullah movement condemned the Saudi funeral attack, saying the assault points to the frustration of the United States and the Saudi regime in the war on the impoverished Arab country.
The US has been supporting the Saudi regime in the war on Yemen.
Abdul Malik al-Houthi said Saudi Arabia and its regional allies would not have carried out the Saturday airstrike if they had not received the green light from Washington.
This photo provided by the media bureau of Yemen's operations command shows a Scud-type Borkan-1 (Volcano-1) missile.
Meanwhile, Yemeni army forces have launched a locally-designed and -manufactured Borkan-1 (Volcano-1) ballistic missile toward an area deep inside Saudi Arabia in response to Riyadh's atrocious aerial attacks against the country.
Yemeni soldiers, backed by fighters from Popular Committees, launched the missile attack against the King Fahad Air Base on the outskirts of the Saudi city of Ta'if, located more than 700 kilometers southeast of the capital, Riyadh, early on Monday.
The projectile set off huge explosions in the air base and caused extensive damage to the military site, Yemeni media said.
Saudi Arabia launched the war on Yemen in March 2015. Riyadh's aggression was launched in an attempt to reinstate Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, a staunch ally of Riyadh who has resigned from their post.
Saudi military buildup along Jizan border
Meanwhile, Saudi Arabia's Ministry of the National Guard has announced that the country has dispatched military units and equipment to its southwestern border region of Jizan in the wake of retaliatory attacks by Yemeni forces.
Sweilem Anzi, a national guard commander, said the forces are in possession of sophisticated munitions and have been deployed in the southern sector of Jizan to increase military capabilities there.
They added that new units will arrive within the next two weeks.
And while there are parallels between Trump's recent bluster and the bombastic rhetoric the North Koreans favor, this latest threat to Guam violates one of Trump's stated rules of threatening. As they said during the campaign regarding how they would defeat the Islamic State: “I don't want to broadcast to the enemy exactly what my plan is.” Indeed, at times their administration has seemed to broadcast completely different kinds of plans with regard to North Korea—from regime change to regime acceptance to seeking negotiations to being done talking to “fire and fury.”
What those comments have tended not to be is concrete and specific. In their most recent statements on the matter, Trump offered no plan of action for the U.S., choosing instead to proclaim via Twitter that the American nuclear arsenal is “far stronger and more powerful than ever before” and that “hopefully we will never have to use this power.” Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, for their part, offered that North Korea does not pose an imminent threat to the U.S. and that Americans “should sleep well at night.” (In fact, they landed in Guam on Wednesday on their way back to the U.S. from Malaysia for a prescheduled refueling stop, not long after North Korea first threatened the island.) Later the same day, Defense Secretary James Mattis issued their own threat, warning Pyongyang that any further provocation would “be grossly overmatched by ours and would lose any arms race or conflict it initiates.”
The Trump administration has enacted specific policies—including, most recently, a new round of UN sanctions on North Korea—under the broad strategy of what the administration calls “maximum pressure and engagement,” so some aspects of the U.S. plan are now a reality and a matter of public record. The Atlantic has published some of the clearest explanations of how a still-hypothetical U.S. attack on North Korea might unfold, from Mark Bowden and Uri Friedman. And it's fair to speculate that the Trump administration wants to cultivate some degree of uncertainty about precisely where, when, and whether the U.S. might strike. The element of surprise is a basic principle of warfare going back to Sun Tzu and before.
Which makes the latest North Korean threat even stranger than the vows of years past to turn Seoul into a “sea of fire” or nuke the White House. The flight trajectories cited indicate, at the very least, that the state news agency is projecting confidence about its missiles' precision; the clarity of the timing described is a clear intent to signal they're just about ready; the end point in Guam's waters, rather than Guam itself, is almost a de-escalation from, albeit somewhat consistent with, Tuesday's threat to make “an enveloping fire at the areas around Guam.” Whatever the intended messages from either side, however, as the rhetoric escalates, they risk being misheard or misunderstood—with incredibly dangerous consequences.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
PNSN Monitors the Seahawks-Lions game, Jan 7, 2017
We have some new instruments and new students/staff and what better way to test both than to test the enthusiasm of Seahawk football fans by recording the shaking generated during a play-off game. In cooperation with the Seattle Seahawks organization we are putting seismographs in Century Link stadium for the Jan 7, 2017 play-off game against Detroit. As we have done in the past. we are providing live waveform data via our new and improved web-based QuickShake display system and will be providing summary seismograms (with annotations) via the Hawk-O-Grams and a new RSAM plot showing averaged signal levels over time. This blog will be updated from time to time with more information and analysis during and after the game.
As an additional part of our out-reach efforts to help educate people about seismology we are providing a downloadable hand-out with details of some fun ways to have seismology help watching the game on TV. Since TV broadcasts are slightly delayed from realtime and our QuickShake waveforms have almost no delay one can "see" the crowd's reaction to a play on the waveforms before you actually see it on TV. Download and print the handout and try it. It might be particularly good for elementary school kids to do citizen-science, and help their parents anticipate successful Seahawk plays before they actually see them on TV. Download the printable PDF worksheet from: 2017_Seahawks_worksheet.pdf. Our version of the answers will be posted on this blog after the game.
Attention Seismologists: Waveform data for this experiement is available from the IRIS DMC.
Web based seismic displays:
QuickShake - Realtime, crawling display of seismograph channels from stations in and near CenturyLink Field. Note controls at the bottom pop up for scaling the traces with a slider, stopping and starting and scrolling backward in time (up to previous 10 minutes). Configure pop-up in upper right corner allows for changing from vertical channels (Z) to either East-West channels (E) or North-South channels (N) or also to a set of "noise comparison" channels including the very active (HWK6), the quiet (HWK1), a medium level (HWK3), the station outside the stadium (KDK) and a very quiet remote station near the coast (COOS) . Previous saved interesting events can be recovered and displayed from the Events pull-down. The order of displayed traces can be changed by clicking and moving a trace up or down and the duration of a trace in the viewer window can be selected in the Viewer Width pull-down.
Hawk-o-Grams - Standard six-hour-long seismogram plots such as provided for all PNSN stations but these are for the Special CenturyLink Field stations and will have annotations put on them after our seismo-football-fans witness action on the field.
RSAM - Experimental Realtime Seismic Amplitude Monitor that shows plots of 10 second averages of the signals from the 6 HWK stations. This is the type of display that volcano seismologists use to get summary information from seismic data at volcanoes during eruptive periods or volcanic unrest.
Fan-o-Meter - Static fixed display of the same stations as QuickShake with no controls or configuration allowed. Updates only every 10 seconds. (Provided as a backup for QuickShake).
Some background information from pervious experiments:
Main PNSN Seahawk webpage.
Original Beast-Quake article in the scientific publication "Seismological Research Letters", 2011
Descriptions and analysis of 2013 playoffs.
Descriptions and analysis of 2014 playoffs
The final analysis of the 2015 Packers playoff game and subsequent Seismological Research Letters Earthquake-Lites, 2015
Updates:
Jan 5, 2017 - Installation of the 6 temporary stations took place during the afternoon today by a volunteer group of staff and students. HWK1, HWK2, HWK3 are located in the same places as for previous experiements. The three other HWK stations are at new locations to help illustrate the variety of shaking that takes place in different places.
Jan 6, 2017 5pm PST - We now have most systems running and analysis and display software in place. There are still a few bugs to iron out to make sure things all controls and descriptions work and are reasonably clear. BUT, this again is an experiment. Most experiments have problems or unexpected results. Our social media feeds on Twitter and Facebook will try to explain things as we go. What could go wwwwrrrrooonnnnngggg. ooooooops.
Jan 7, 2017 11am PST - Several different technical problems were solved this morning and a final version for the new RSAM display was made. The time period for the RSAM to cover will be adjusted this afternoon to pretty much only cover the duration of the game.
Jan 7,2017 8:30pm PST - The Seahawks won and our seismic experiment worked pretty much as we had hoped in every case. We have had a few glitches with the QuickShake sometimes not responding when first started or changed but after a few adjustments this happened very rarely and would almost always get going after trying it again. We are still understanding how to interpret different types of plots but, as during previous games, we could easily tell from the changes in the seismic signals on QuickShake how successful a play was going to be before it even started. There have been lots of responses on our social media feeds.
Here are our versions of the answers to our worksheet. Of course some of this is just interpretation at this point and we could be convinced of slightly different answers.
Based on a significant signal you observe, estimate what is the delay in seconds between QuickShake and your TV broadcast? __ ~12 seconds _____________
_____________ Based on the seismic signals visible on QuickShake, are you able to predict whether or not a big play is about to be broadcast on TV? _ Yes, in most cases, however there were a few times when crowed reaction seemed less than expected. _________
_________ What play caused the largest recorded seismic signal? _ Wilson TD pass to Baldwin near end of game __
__ What time did that occur? ____j ust after 8pm ________________________
________________________ How long did it last? ____ At least 30 seconds but some shaking going on even longer _
_ What seismic station recorded the largest motion throughout the game? _ HWK6 ______
More analysis will be added here within a few days.... need some rest first.
Jan 9, 2017 5pm - Reports from our web guru and social media folks indicate that the interest in seismo-fan shaking is less than in the past. It is becomming too routine. Below is a time plot of the traffic on our (pnsn.org) web site during the game.
Total page views during this period of time was about 38,000 (only about 1/5 as many as for the final playoff game in 2014. The QuickShake page was the most popular. Our social media posting did much better with 244,000 "impressions" during the week, about half as many as for the final game in 2014.
There were a number of interesting recordings observed, the analysis of which will take a bit more time. So, check back in a few days to see if any "interesting" discoveries have been made.
Jan 10, 2017 10am - The RSAM plot (new for this game) provides a nice summary of the shaking level recorded at all stations for the whole game. Below is an annotated version of the RSAM plot for the four hours (01 - 05 GMT or 5pm - 9pm PDT) including the game.
There are many bursts of shaking shown on the plot, some of which it was hard to determine what caused it. In particular HWK6 has VERY high levels of shaking (the amplitude of the trace plotted here has been divided by a factor of 5 just to get it to a level that could be shown with the rest of the traces). It has a response similar but much larger to that of the other stations for some of the big plays, but also has changes in shaking level not correlated with changes on other stations. HWK6, high in the "Hawk's Nest" is probably reacting to local fan motion that may not only be in response to big plays on the field. The really large burst of activity long after the game was over is a total mystery. Some of the other bursts of activity on this plot we understand better. Those bursts showing up on all channels are obviously general fan response to successful plays on the field (several are annotated on the plot). The longer lasting squared off parts of the HWK1 trace we think are due to the passage of a large freight train on the tracks just to the east of the stadium. This station is at ground level and thus responds less to fan motion but can see the shaking due to the nearby train. Note the gradual decay of shaking amplitudes after the game as fans are departing. The decay seems to last longer on HWK4 and HWK5 than on HWK2 and HWK3 probably due to many fans in the south end of the stadium exiting through the north part and thus near those stations longer.
The blockade of the Pirate Bay by UK ISPs is causing trouble for CloudFlare customers. Several websites have been inadvertently blocked by Sky because a Pirate Bay proxy is hosted behind the same IP-addresses. In a response, CloudFlare threatened to disconnect the proxy site from its network.
Like any form of censorship web blockades can sometime lead to overblocking, targeting perfectly legitimate websites by mistake.
This is also happening in the UK where Sky's blocking technology is inadvertently blocking sites that have nothing to do with piracy.
In addition to blocking domain names, Sky also blocks IP-addresses. This allows the site to stop https connections to The Pirate Bay and its proxies, but when IP-addresses are shared with random other sites they're blocked too.
This is happening to various customers of the CDN service CloudFlare, which is used by many sites on the UK blocklist. Every now and then this causes legitimate sites to be blocked, such as CloudFlare customers who shared an IP-address with Pirate Bay proxy ilikerainbows.co.uk.
Although the domain is merely a redirect to ilikerainbows.co, it's listed in Sky's blocking system along with several CloudFlare IP-addresses. Recently, the CDN service received complaints from users about the issue and alerted the proxy owner.
“It has come to our attention that your website — ilikerainbows.co.uk — is causing CloudFlare IPs to be blocked by SkyB, an ISP located in the UK. This is impacting other CloudFlare customers,” CloudFlare wrote.
The CDN service asked the proxy site to resolve the matter with Sky, or else it would remove the site from the network after 24 hours.
“If this issue does not get resolved with SkyB though we will need to route your domain off CloudFlare's network as it is currently impacting other CloudFlare customers due to these blocked IP addresses.”
The operator of the “Rainbows” TPB proxy was surprised by Sky's overbroad blocking techniques, but also by CloudFlare's response. Would CloudFlare also kick out sites that are blocked in other countries where censorship is common?
“What do they do when Russia starts blocking sites under their system? Are they going to kick users off CloudFlare because there's a Putin meme that the Russians don't like?” Rainbows' operator tells TF.
Instead of waiting for the domain to be switched off by CloudFlare they reverted it back to the domain registrar's forwarding services. The main .co domain still uses CloudFlare's services though, as does the official Pirate Bay site.
This is not the first time that CloudFlare customers have been blocked by mistake. Earlier this year the same thing happened to sites that shared an IP-address with The Pirate Bay. At the time we contacted Sky, who informed us that they do all they can to limit collateral damage.
“We have a process in place to monitor requested site blocks to limit the chances of inadvertently blocking sites, and in addition to this if we are advised by a site owner or Sky customer that a site is being inadvertently blocked we take the necessary steps to remove any unintended blocks,” a Sky spokesperson said.
In addition to Sky we also contacted CloudFlare about the issue multiple times this year, but the company has yet to reply to our inquiries.
It's clear though that despite cheers from copyright holders, website blocking is not all rainbows and unicorns. Without any significant change to Sky's blocking setup, more of these inadvertent blocks are bound to happen in the future.
Robert Kubica has voiced strong support for the Halo head protection system which will be introduced in Formula One and Formula Two next year.
The 32-year-old, who suffered serious injuries in a rally crash six years ago, is seeking a return to F1 in 2018.
“I can't say it's pretty, but if it improves head protection then it must be used, in all categories,” Kubica told the latest issue of the FIA's magazine Auto.
Although the Halo has faced some strong criticism, including from drivers, Kubica predicted it will quickly gain acceptance. “In a few years time, it won't even be noticed, just as has happened with the HANS device,” they added.
Earlier this year British Formula Four racer Billy Monger lost their lower legs in a crash at Donington Park. Kubica said their experience showed them the 18-year-old will “have to get to know themselves again and first of all find peace with himself, accepting the new reality of their situation.”
“Then they can start thinking about achieving certain things that – lying in their bed staring at the ceiling and feeling lost, which is something I have experienced several times over the past few years – they believe are no longer possible.”
“It's very difficult to talk about it and I don't want to tell anyone what to do,” Kubica added.
“I think that when something like this happens to a person, before looking to the future one must first find some sort of balance.”
“Over time, I have realised that the brain can develop the ability to compensate, at least partly, for one's physical limits. I realise it's difficult to explain something like this and only those who have experienced it can really understand what I'm talking about.”
2017 F1 season
High Protein, Low Carb & Gluten Free Pizza, loaded with chicken, beef & ham!
Each delicious pizza has an authentic stone baked base, rich Mediterranean style tomato sauce and is topped with mozzarella cheese, char grilled chicken, spicy beef & Serrano ham.
We have answered all your prayers and created all the taste of your favourite cheat day pizza, but in line with your week day macros!
Each 10 inch artisanal pizza is crammed with 76g of high quality protein, only 30g of carbs and just 13g of saturated fat.
A regular mighty meaty pizza from your local takeaway would contain up to 2,000 calories, ours on the other hand contains just 664 calories!
So in each slice you'll get...
9.6g of protein
3.8g of carbs
1.6g of sat fat
1g of fibre
How on earth did we do it? Well this is no ordinary pizza pie – oh no!
The base is made with natural pea protein
But don't worry, its ultra fine and is easily hidden. So all you taste is delicious authentic tasting pizza!
It's even gluten free and bakes in just 12 minutes, meaning you won't have to wait long when post workout munchies strike!
Prefer a little less meat? Check out the full range of High Protein Pizzas here.
You may have heard that some people got together and marched on Saturday. In Washington DC and cities across the nation, an estimated 3.7 million took the streets -- the biggest one-day protest in U.S. history -- in widespread, vocal defiance of Donald Trump's presidency. This is the first day of the next four years.I knew a lot of friends and readers of this blog would be participating, and I thought it might be fun to create a photo gallery of faces and sights from the Women's March. So I put a call out on social media asking for folks to send photos of themselves and their signs in action...... And I got flooded with photos.I received hundreds of amazing photos from people who participated in marches in cities all around the country. I received so many, I couldn't keep track, and there was no way I could process all of the photos into a gallery in any reasonable amount of time.But here is a small sampling of the reader-submitted photos from the march. Thank you to everyone who sent one in. I apologize; not every photo I received made it into the gallery. People are still sending them as I write this, and I just had to cut it off. But I appreciate your support and enthusiasm. Stay Angry!Washington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCWashington DCAtlantaAtlantaAustinBostonBostonBostonChampaign-UrbanaChicagoChicagoClevelandClevelandSt. PaulSt. PaulSt. PaulSt. PaulDenverEl PasoFresnoFresnoHonoluluHonoluluHonoluluHonoluluHonoluluHonoluluHonoluluHonoluluHonoluluHonoluluLouisvilleNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityNew York CityPark CityPark CityPark CityPhiladelphiaPortlandPortlandPortlandPortlandPortlandSalemSeattleSeattleSeattleSeattleSeattleSeattleSeattleSeattleSeattleSeattleSeattleSeattleSeattleOaklandOaklandOaklandOaklandOaklandOaklandOaklandOaklandOaklandOaklandOaklandOaklandOaklandOaklandOaklandOaklandOaklandSacramentoSacramentoSacramentoSacramentoSan FranciscoSan FranciscoSan FranciscoSan FranciscoSan FranciscoSan FranciscoSan FranciscoSan JoseSan JoseSanta AnaSanta AnaSanta AnaPasadenaSan DiegoSan DiegoSan DiegoSan DiegoSan DiegoSan DiegoLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos AngelesLos Angeles
I meet Chris Gethard on the last weekend of the Edinburgh Festival Fringe, when they have just two more performances of their stand up hour, Career Suicide, remaining. The show is incredibly personal, detailing their thought process during an impulsive decision to crash a car on purpose in their early twenties, through to their relationship with their current therapist and their tumultuous career in comedy.
Gethard's comedic influence reaches far and wide: they have appeared on shows from The Office to Broad City and Inside Amy Schumer and stars in the new film Don't Think Twice alongside Jordan-Michael Key and Gillian Jacobs. They also host their own talk show, The Chris Gethard Show, on US cable channel Fusion and has taught improv at The Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre (UCB) to students who have gone on to great success in their own right.
Supplied
Despite their long career, Career Suicide is the first show Gethard has brought to Edinburgh. They tell me they didn't always plan to perform at the festival, but an agent suggested that the hour was well-suited to the Fringe and they took them up on the idea.
“The Edinburgh Festival among American comedians actually has a very odd reputation. I think a lot of Americans come over and they don't quite know what the festival is, and I've heard some people have horror stories where you come over and you play to ten people a night. But now that I'm here I realise a lot of American acts maybe come over and just do their club acts, which is not really what this festival embraces.
“One comedian sent me a funny message where I had tweeted about coming to Edinburgh, and he's seen my show and sent me a message that was like, ‘Wow, if you thought you were suicidal before, wait until you get over to that festival.' But that proved pretty unfounded, I braced myself for it and did my research and it's been a really great time.”
But the festival is also a unique experience, and performing the show so many times in a row brought up things they didn't expect.
“When I first started trying out this material in New York, I would say the first six months or so I'd get off stage and I'd be shaking, like, I can't believe I'm talking about this stuff in front of a paying audience. I thought I'd gotten kind of a thick skin to that, but it's been really interesting because doing the show so many times here I kind of had to face down a few things in it that weren't the most pleasant.”
Supplied
Gethard's career has included several moments where they almost 'made it' in a conventional sense, including a two-week trial stint as a writer at Saturday Night Live and being cast as the lead in a sitcom that wasn't picked up. When I ask how they feel about their relationship with comedy today, Gethard says, “I feel like my career's actually in better shape than it's ever been in, and I don't think it's a coincidence. I've found over and over and over again in my career, nothing good has ever happened until I've pushed the ego out of the way.”
“I don't necessarily know that I have a career that I would have envied when I was 21 and starting out, but I have this career that I know when I was 14 I would have been like, ‘Oh my God.' My priority the past few years has been to work on stuff that I think me and my brother would have liked when we were little kids in our basement looking for weird stuff on the upper cable channels, just being oddballs.”
This comfort has given them the space to look back on their relationship with comedy and its influence on their personal life, including their mental health.
“That's another great thing about doing the show in Edinburgh, because a lot of my relationship with comedy was not in it at the start of the run," they say. "But I've realised while I'm here that throughout my whole life comedy has been the most powerful positive and also the most destructive, negative thing, and I didn't really know how to verbalise that, but it's built into the show in a really nice way since the beginning of the run here."
Jon Pack/The Film Arcade
I mention that it seems Don't Think Twice, their new film “about an improv group where one guy gets successful and then everyone else has to think about their place in the food chain after that”, builds on many of these ideas. They agree and tells me some of the seeds of the film's plot were planted through discussions they had with writer and director Mike Birbiglia, even before Gethard was aware that they were working on a film.
“Definitely I think they would say I'm in the DNA of that movie a little bit, because we just had so many conversations about the early days of UCB as they were writing the very first draft."
“It's a special movie to me because my parents just saw it, and I know they're gonna get this glimpse into what my life was like in 2006, 2007, and I think they're gonna have a different look at why I was who I was, why I was stressing out as much as I was, why it was so important to me.”
And the film touches on some particularly difficult moments for Gethard. “That was really reliving a lot for me, that was my experience at UCB - a lot of people were really going on to huge success and they were friends of mine and I was really banging my head into a wall for many years. So it was strange, it felt less like acting and more re-enacting for me at certain points.”
Given Gethard's experience with UCB it's easy to understand why it may have contributed to moments of personal crisis. But their projects now range widely, including a recently launched podcast, Beautiful/Anonymous, where they speak with an anonymous caller for up to an hour and isn't allowed to hang up first.
“I have such a funny relationship with the podcast because I've worked for 16 years in comedy trying to get people to know who I am and know my work, and The Gethard Show in particular, since 2009 I've been really just desperately trying to get people to notice it and it's remained an underground thing.
“Then I do this podcast that's like, hey, this might work, who knows, it's just a dumb idea, and it's blown up and become by far the most popular thing I've ever done. And that's really cool to see, but also I'm like, oh man, who knew that just taking a phone call from an anonymous person would be the thing that most people know?”
The fact that people in Europe had travelled to Scotland to see their show on the basis of enjoying The Chris Gethard Show or Beautiful/Anonymous was "headspinning".
Noam Galai/Getty Images
When I ask what they would like to do with Career Suicide once the Fringe is over, they say, “I have to imagine that at a certain point I'm gonna hit a wall and think I don't want to talk about times I've tried to kill myself ever again in front of a crowd. I have always had that in my head, because I've talked about this stuff publicly enough that people reach out to me and ask me my opinions on depression, and I am just a comedian at the end of the day.
“So I also have it in my head, if I can take this thing as far as possible, if I can take this thing to the limit of where a comedy special can go, then maybe I'll have done my part and contributed to the discussion and can talk about some other stuff.
"Which would be really nice.”
Scott Limbrick - @ScottLimbrick
RELATED: Where To Laugh Around The Country This Summer
Oh what a night.
A notably off-kilter Donald Trump was once again unable to stick to their campaign-prepared strategy at a rally in rural Pennsylvania on Saturday night, finishing arguably the worst week of their presidential campaign by going way off the teleprompter rails to launch deeply personal attacks on Hillary Clinton, as well as ad lib numerous other rambling remarks. As the Washington Post points out, according to their prepared speech, Trump was supposed to use Saturday night to introduce a nine-sentence statement about the recently leaked audio recording of Clinton offering their thoughts about Bernie Sanders supporters. Instead, 25 minutes later, Trump had also ridiculed Clinton's recent bout with pneumonia, suggested they aren't “loyal” to their husband, suggested they were “actually crazy,” ridiculed Sanders, connected “acid-washed” tweets to America being a third-world country, once again complained about their debate microphone, and offered an ominous warning about voter fraud on election day in “certain areas.” They then went on to wonder aloud if maybe they should have just completed another season of The Apprentice instead of running for president.
Here is the video of Trump ridiculing and attempting an impression of Clinton's stumble outside a 9/11 memorial service last month when they had pneumonia:
Meanwhile here's Trump mocking Clinton at a rally tonight in PA. pic.twitter.com/JNrKOqORVR — Dave Itzkoff (@ditzkoff) October 2, 2016
They also, to the delight of their crowd, questioned Clinton's loyalty to their husband, remarking that:
Hillary Clinton's only loyalty is to their financial contributors and to herself. I don't even think she's loyal to Bill, if you want to know the truth. And really, folks, really, why should they be? Right? Why should they be?
And they once again questioned Clinton's mental health, juxtaposed with their own temperament:
I have a great temperament. I have in my opinion — it's like one of my strongest things. I have a winning temperament but you know how they choose ‘em — we have a winning temperament. … Now [Clinton] has got bad temperament. She's got — They could be crazy. They could actually be crazy.
Trump, who also insisted that Clinton has “never done anything meaningful” and was “an incompetent woman,” did remember to mention Clinton's email scandal — though how they framed it was utterly bizarre:
33,000 emails deleted. Bleached! Acid-washed! And then takes their phone and they hammer the hell out of them How many people have acid-washed or bleached a tweet? How many? That you deleted! So you delete it, but that's not good enough. No, we got — this is getting crazy. Our country is becoming a third world country.
Regarding Sanders — whose supporters the GOP nominee was supposed to try and court with the nine-sentence statement — Trump ridiculed them as well, calling the senator “crazy” and bragging that Team Trump has a “much bigger” and “more important” movement, and “much bigger crowds” than Sanders ever had.
Furthermore, Trump revisited their baseless claims about voter fraud. Previously, they had said that the only way they could lose Pennsylvania would be if the election was rigged, and deputized their supporters to become poll watchers. On Saturday, Trump added what was almost certainly a racially framed warning that the majority white crowd should “watch” the voters in “certain areas,” because “you know what I'm talking about” and “we don't want to lose for that reason.”
Trump also seemed to want to remind their supporters that they were doing them a favor by running for president (though it's also at least possible that they were expressing some kind of regret over deciding to run):
Oh, I could be doing the Apprentice right now. I loved it — 14 seasons. How good was that? Tremendous success. They wanted to extend — I could be doing the Apprentice now. Somehow I think this is a little bit more important. Do we agree? Just a little bit?
They also alluded that the campaign might end up being a waste of their time, in the midst of raving about how popular the Trump movement had become, and how — in some kind of stream-of-consciousness, real-estate-related meta commentary — pundits “aren't worth the ground they're standing on, some of their ground could be fairly wealthy ground, good ground”:
When you leave, is it worth it? Is it worth it? If we don't win on November 8, I will say I don't care what [pundits] write. I don't care are if they have to give us a lot of credit — I think they have to give us credit — I will consider it a tremendous waste of time, energy, and money, believe me.
Trump additionally tried to enthuse the crowd by championing how “high” they get off of him, as opposed to movies nowadays:
And it's getting worse. It's not getting better. It's getting worse. And you're unsuspecting. Right now, you say to your wife: “Let's go to a movie after Trump.” But you won't do that because you'll be so high and so excited that no movie is going to satisfy you. Okay? No movie. You know why? Honestly? Because they don't make movies like they used to — is that right? What a difference.
Near the end of their speech, they went on to frame their candidacy as a once in a lifetime opportunity for their supporters to achieve, well, anything:
You have 38 days to make every dream you ever dreamed for your country come true. Do not let this opportunity slip away or be wasted. You will never ever have this chance again. Not going to happen again… You have one magnificent chance.
And lest we forget, while all of this was happening, the fallout over their leaked 1995 tax records — which indicate that Trump may not have paid federal income taxes for 18 years — was just getting started.
Finally, for those keeping score at home:
We've often mentioned that President Obama, despite their insistent shaming of America over its supposed lack of gun regulation, has shown little interest in enforcing the gun control laws already on the books.
But it gets worse. A lot worse.
Information has now arisen that the Obama administration is granting executive clemency to dozens of felons imprisoned for firearm-related offenses, some whose crimes involved possessing or using a firearm in furtherance of drug trafficking crimes. These criminals will for the most part be released back into the very communities that they exploited and victimized with their offenses.
The revelations were detailed in a March 31 letter from Sen. Richard C. Shelby (R-AL) to U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch. According to the letter, of more than 200 federal inmates granted release under the president's initiative for executive clemency, “33 were convicted of firearm-related offenses.”
These include, according to the letter:
Seven convictions of possession of a firearm in furtherance of a drug trafficking crime;
Four convictions of possession of a firearm by a felon; and
Two convictions of use of a firearm in furtherance of a drug trafficking offense.
Sen. Shelby expressed their frustration with the administration's actions:
Communities in my state, like other towns and cities all over America, are working hard to clean up their streets and make their communities safer. This is a constant struggle for some areas. Yet, this announcement from the President sends an unfortunate and resounding message to criminals everywhere: if you are convicted of a crime involving a gun, the federal government will go easy on you.
The president's moves seem to be a glaring contradiction to their assertion last year that “the one area where I've been most frustrated and most stymied … is the fact that the United States of America is the one advanced nation on earth in which we do not have sufficient common sense gun laws.”
Surely Obama's advisors have apprised them of the hundreds of federal gun control laws already on the books. So you would think he'd be using every tool at their disposal to deal with the violent crime that, for example, plagues their own home town in particular.
But rather than focus on violent criminals, Obama's most recent and highly-touted gun control offensive targeted hobbyists and collectors who make occasional gun sales, licensed dealers, and expanding the attack on veterans to include Social Security recipients.
But rather than focus on violent criminals, Obama's most recent and highly-touted gun control offensive targeted hobbyists and collectors who make occasional gun sales, licensed dealers, and expanding the attack on veterans to include Social Security recipients.
Sen. Shelby's letter raised questions about whether the administration is following its own guidelines in the granting of executive clemency. These include prioritizing applicants who “are non-violent, low-level offenders without significant ties to large scale criminal organizations, gangs or cartels” and who “do not have a significant criminal history.”
The administration's actions would seem to point inescapably to two possible conclusions. One possibility is that the president really is allowing dangerous criminals back out on the streets of their communities. If that's the case, then their actions are reckless and irresponsible and gamble with innocent lives for the sake of politics.
Another is that they genuinely believe that individuals who use or possess guns to perpetrate drug crimes are not really a threat to public safety. If that's true, then they are dangerously misinformed. It also makes their obsessive focus on purely technical violations of gun control laws – e.g., re-categorizing hobbyists as “dealers,” banning veterans from possessing firearms, and recently expanding the attack on veterans to include Social Security recipients – seem even more like political persecution and less like serious crime control.
Whatever the case may be, President Obama's latest moves merely add to their reputation as more interested in style than substance. This November, voters should carefully consider whether Obama's would-be successor really has their best interests at heart or whether, like Obama, the next president would vilify their or their political opponents, while simultaneously coddling the very criminals that put innocent lives at risk.
This feels right:
Here are your three highlights for today:
Maryland at Notre Dame : The headliner for the weekend is prologue to the two teams' meeting a week from now at PPL Park in the ACC Tournament, but there are still ramifications inherent in the Terps-Irish game today at Arlotta Stadium: Notre Dame needs additional value on its NCAA Tournament resume, and a win against Maryland elevates the Irish into a stronger position in the hierarchy; the Terrapins need some momentum after uneven efforts in their last two games against strong competition, getting shellacked by Johns Hopkins and playing with the sleepies against Virginia. ESPNU is your portal into the fantastic this afternoon.
: The headliner for the weekend is prologue to the two teams' meeting a week from now at PPL Park in the ACC Tournament, but there are still ramifications inherent in the Terps-Irish game today at Arlotta Stadium: Notre Dame needs additional value on its NCAA Tournament resume, and a win against Maryland elevates the Irish into a stronger position in the hierarchy; the Terrapins need some momentum after uneven efforts in their last two games against strong competition, getting shellacked by Johns Hopkins and playing with the sleepies against Virginia. ESPNU is your portal into the fantastic this afternoon. Tournament Seeding/Participation Bonanza : There are all kinds of stuff today that impacts conference tournaments: Brown at Cornell, Stony Brook at Binghamton, Princeton at Harvard, Detroit at Manhattan, Air Force at Ohio State, Bryant at Robert Morris, Villanova at St. John's, Georgetown at Marquette, and on and on and on. These are the good times, people.
: There are all kinds of stuff today that impacts conference tournaments: Brown at Cornell, Stony Brook at Binghamton, Princeton at Harvard, Detroit at Manhattan, Air Force at Ohio State, Bryant at Robert Morris, Villanova at St. John's, Georgetown at Marquette, and on and on and on. These are the good times, people. THUNDERDOME!: The league's top four teams -- Hofstra, Drexel, Towson, and Massachusetts -- Hofstra/Massachusetts; Drexel/Towson -- will all face each other today, a four-way, barely-legal show that will drive the shape of the league's tournament. (Penn State is also playing Delaware, but [mouth fart].) Nothing is better than when THUNDERDOME! unlocks the armory and lets its combatants run wild with chainsaws and maces and flamethrowers and whatever other implements of death are available. This is that week.
Here's Saturday's full schedule. If there are errors, please let me know. I'll fix/populate links to live stats and video as the day progresses (if necessary).
This is your open thread for Saturday. How's your untraceable Swiss bank account looking these days? People will be around to yak about whatever is tickling their fancy.
Also, if you haven't yet, give a "like" to College Crosse over on Facebook and make sure to give a follow @SexyTimeLax.
Rush (no, not him) to guest on 'Colbert'
The Associated Press
Published: Tuesday July 15, 2008
Print This Email This
By JAKE COYLE
NEW YORK  Rush will be appearing on "The Colbert Report," and it's not Limbaugh.
The Canadian band Rush, which hasn't performed on U.S. television in more than three decades, will play their classic "Tom Sawyer" on the Comedy Central show Wednesday (11:30 p.m. EST). The Geddy Lee-led trio, which is currently on tour, hasn't played on U.S. television since 1975.
Rush is only the latest act to perform on "The Report," which has steadily edged closer to "Ed Sullivan Show" territory. With increasingly frequent musical performances, "The Report" has grown a variety-show impulse, evident in other upcoming bookings.
The rapper Nas will perform on July 23, Toby Keith will return for a second performance on July 28 and Crosby, Stills and Nash will play on July 30.
The Stephen Colbert-hosted comedy show was originally launched as a parody of conservative political punditry  and shows like "The O'Reilly Factor" do not make a habit of hosting music performances.
But "The Report" circus has expanded into musical realms, often with its sonorous host joining in. John Legend, Neil Young, R.E.M., Tony Bennett, Peter Frampton, Willie Nelson, Barry Manilow, John Mellencamp, the Roots and Carole King have all performed on the show.
Colbert's enthusiasm for the music has been easily apparent. He's sung the Star Spangled Banner (in two-part harmony) with Legend, and mocked the MTV-style band interview by questioning R.E.M. from a stool twice the size of those the band sat on.
I had a great idea this morning. I figured I'd head to the Microsoft Store in Scottsdale around 10am, waltz in, buy a Microsoft Surface, and then be out in 10 minutes. I assumed the store would be empty. I mean, come on, this is a Microsoft tablet we're talking about, and who goes to the Microsoft Store anyway?
I was completely wrong. Microsoft's new tablet, the Surface RT, may not do everything an iPad can, but it's drawing some pretty big lines to Microsoft retail stores across the country for its launch this morning.
Once I got to the Microsoft Store I was shocked to see a line of about 125 people waiting to buy the Surface and was told it'd be a two hour wait before I could get in. The story is the same at other Microsoft Stores across the country with people lining up to purchase Microsoft's hyped tablet that's supposed to compete with the iPad.
The line at the Seattle stores have been reported to be the largest, but many people in those lines are associated with Microsoft. Microsoft isn't used to dealing with long launch lines though. A lot of people on Twitter have complained that it's taking Microsoft retail employees an hour to to get 15 people or so through the line. Apple usually churns through about one hundred or so customers on launch day every hour.
arise
via William Carather
via Danny Sullivan
via Andy Vuong
via Joshua Trujillo
BEREA, Ohio -- Cleveland Browns receiver Josh Gordon's claim that secondhand smoke led to their failed marijuana test this offseason might not help him.
"A cornerstone of both of our drug testing programs has always been that you are responsible for what is in your body," Greg Aiello, NFL senior vice president of communications, said via email Tuesday. "It is stated that way in the policies."
Editor's Picks McManamon: Breaking down Gordon's appeal Pat McManamon breaks down the details of Browns receiver Josh Gordon's case against their yearlong suspension.
Sources told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter that Gordon will attribute their one positive sample to secondhand smoke, and that they also will argue a disparity in the two samples they provided.
No player has won an appeal based on secondhand smoke.
In addition, several other players have been suspended for "not being responsible for what is in your body," as Aiello described.
Gordon themselves is one example. A year ago, they said they tested positive for codeine in their prescribed cough medicine. Codeine is a banned substance, and they were suspended because they were responsible for knowing what they were taking. The four-game suspension was negotiated to a two-game ban and four games without pay.
Indianapolis Colts defensive end Robert Mathis was suspended four games for using what they said was a fertility drug banned by the NFL because it increases testosterone levels.
Adolpho Birch, the NFL vice president of labor policy and government affairs, has said often that players can reach out to the league before taking any drug to ensure it does not contain a banned substance. Once a positive test comes back for substance-abuse drugs, the league follows rules agreed to in the collective bargaining agreement.
Gordon has hired high-powered attorney Maurice Suh to represent them at Friday's appeal, which will be in New York.
Today I want to talk about lists. Not for shopping, not the programming data type, but the display of items in both unordered and ordered fashion.
Specifically this:
Item A
Item B First Numbered Inner Item Second Numbered Inner Item
Item C
In other words, lists of bullets and numbers. This article explores some of the different tools used by the programming world to render display lists, specifically HTML, reStructuredText, Markdown, and LaTeX.
HTML
If you view the HTML source of this web page, you'll find this:
< ul class = "simple" > < li > Item A </ li > < li > Item B < ol class = "arabic" > < li > First Numbered Inner Item </ li > < li > Second Numbered Inner Item </ li > </ ol > </ li > < li > Item C </ li > </ ul >
Or more clearly:
< ul class = "simple" > < li > Item A </ li > < li > Item B < ol class = "arabic" > < li > First Numbered Inner Item </ li > < li > Second Numbered Inner Item </ li > </ ol > </ li > < li > Item C </ li > </ ul >
This works, but is incredibly verbose. HTML requires closing tags on every element (keep in mind browsers are not the same as specifications). Working with lists in HTML becomes tedious quickly. Which is why so many people use WYSIWYG tools or mark up languages like reStructuredText and Markdown, as it expedites creation of lists (and many other things).
reStructuredText
This blog is written in reStructuredText and transformed into HTML. Let's see the markup for this blog post:
* Item A * Item B #. First Numbered Inner Item #. Second Numbered Inner Item * Item C
Notice the extra lines between bullets and numbers? A behavior of reStructuredText is that you have to put those in nested lists in order to make things display correctly. Also, 2 spaces indentation generates a different result than 4 spaces, the former creating sub-bullets, the latter creating an indented block quote with bullets. They are there to remove ambiguity.
Interestingly enough, I did not know this until the day after I wrote this article. Since understanding these behaviors can be challenging, myself and Eric Holscher of ReadTheDocs fame began a project last year to clearly index and document all the details of reStructuredText from the user's point of view. Our plan was to provide this as an adjunct to the formal documentation of reStructuredText. Alas, time and work considerations got in the way. If you want to help expand our effort, you can contribute at https://github.com/pydanny/restructuredtext.
One thing to note about reStructuredText is that it's pretty much Python only. Outside the Python world if you are writing plaintext markup then odds are you are using Markdown.
Markdown
Markdown does list really well. Terse and no weird quirks:
* Item A * Item B 1. First Numbered Inner Item 1. Second Numbered Inner Item * Item C
Another nice feature about Markdown is that it's in use everywhere. GitHub, Stack Overflow, my favorite tablet writing app, and a lot more.
Markdown vs. reStructuredText
Why don't I switch from reStructuredText to Markdown? Here are my reasons against switching:
Force of habit. PyPI requires it to display package long descriptions nicely on Package pages. Sphinx is based on it. reStructuredText has one concrete standard, with extensions that people add. Markdown has many standards, which may or may not have shared features. I can use Pandoc to help transform reStructuredText to Markdown.
LaTeX
Finally, let's discuss LaTeX. While not a markup language it bears mentioning, and I'll explain why later in this section.
Up to about 8-10 years ago LaTeX was used in a lot of technical writing, including the Python core documentation. That ended with the rise of mark up languages, relegating LaTeX to the world of academics, mathematicians and computer scientists - anywhere complex equations need to be specified.
LaTeX belongs in this article because it is so commonly used with markup. In fact, as far as I can tell, in order to render reStructuredText and Markdown content into the PDF format, the most common approach is:
Use a script to transform the markup into LaTeX. Use a tool like XeTeX to render the LaTeX into PDF.
Why the extra step? Why not just go directly from markup to PDF? Well, the content in reStructuredText and Markdown have to be formatted in order for them to be displayed, or they will just look like plaintext markup. When they are converted to HTML, the browser does the formatting for us. When they are translated to PDF, LaTeX is a very common choice. That is because LaTeX isn't a markup language, but a typesetting tool. Unlike reStructuredText and Markdown which are designed for ease of use, LaTeX is designed to make documents look good.
Here is how I define my sample list in LaTeX
\begin { itemize } \item Item A \item Item A \begin { enumerate } \item First Numbered Inner Item \item Second Numbered Inner Item \end { enumerate } \item Item C \end { itemize }
Halfway between the markup languages and HTML in verbosity, LaTeX lists are of medium difficulty to write. If this example makes LaTeX look easy, please realize that while lists are easy to understand, other structures like LaTeX tables can quickly get out of hand. LaTeX's reputation for being an arcane tool is a well deserved one.
Modifying Generated LaTeX
Several book authors, including ourselves, have written books using reStructuredText or Markdown, generated the LaTeX, then modified the LaTeX before rendering the PDF. The approach is seductive: You get the ease of a markup language combined with the formatting precision of LaTeX.
Or do you?
The problem my wife and I have faced is that the combination of LaTeX packages and tools we've assembled for ourselves to write books like Two Scoops of Django is very, very different than what is rendered via docutils' rst2latex or Sphinx make latex . We've tried to write migration scripts, but have found that we end up spending too much of our time on formatting. That's why we have stuck with hand-crafted artisan LaTeX.
That isn't to say it isn't possible. In fact, Matt Harrison has released a number handsome Python books following this path (reStructuredText to LaTeX). I'm certain there are Markdown books that follow this path too.
Closing Thoughts
For better or for worse, lists of bullets and numbers are a foundation of how we communicate via the written medium. They allow for terse communication of ideas and thought, but that same terseness can mean we skip over details. Interestingly enough, the very tools that we use to create lists can color our ability and desire to use them.
Update 2015/05/14 - Added note about closing </li> tags thanks to Ivan Sagalaev.
tags thanks to Ivan Sagalaev. Update 2015/05/14 - Made Markdown list more cross-compatible thanks to Tzu-ping Chung.
Update 2015/05/14 - Fixed LaTeX list definition thanks to Mark van Lent.
Update 2015/05/15 - Explained the behaviors of reStructuredText thanks to David Goodger.
Published: 2015-05-14 10:00
Tags: python LaTeX RestructuredText markdown faceoff django
Subscribe!
If you read this far, you might want to follow me on Twitter or github and subscribe via email below (I'll email you new articles when I publish them).
For over a decade, I have tracked a US-based movement that has fabricated new identities like "Dalit-Christian" and "Afro-Dalit". The notion of Dalit-Christian was developed to convince the Dalits that they were non-Hindus, and that Hinduism was a system of exploitation for which Christianity was the solution. The Afro-Dalit project is based on racist ideas, according to which, Dalits are the "blacks of India". This manipulation of history says that just as white Americans enslaved blacks, so too Hindus and the Indian nation have been enslaving the Dalits.
Such movements seek to separate Indians from their own heritage, break their sense of unity and convert Hindus. In a clever strategy, these evangelists and leftists come amongst us as wolves in sheep's clothing, using the cover of human rights for India's downtrodden, thereby gaining sympathy from the rich, the powerful and the naïve.
This "Christian-Afro-Dalit" narrative is often extended to include Dravidians into the fold. The objective is to cause internal rift between these groups and the rest of the country. I have labelled such movements as forces "breaking India", and have spent considerable energy exposing them through direct encounters.
A very large Christian seminary located in New Jersey, barely five minutes from my home, is one of the major factories for churning out these ideologies. This seminary is amongst the largest in the United States and has a sizeable investment in studying Hinduism from an adversarial perspective. Many Indian sepoys are trained here to "break India".
This seminary's top expert on Hinduism is a senior evangelist, Richard Fox Young. Their tactic is the old divide-and-rule policy. They have studied the prey well and designed their tactics with precision. They infiltrate Hindu communities as Trojan horses. The naïve amongst us welcome them in the spirit of dharma. They pretend to have a genuine interest in us, to want to study us and write about us for our benefit. Most Indians do not see them for the Trojan horses that they are, and unwittingly make themselves complicit in breaking India.
It might surprise many Indians that such Christian projects have co-opted Indian leftists, feminists, post-colonialists and non-Christian groups that share the common ideological goal of undermining Hindu dharma. I use the term "Hinduphobia" to refer to this mindset. As expected, they have had me in their crosshairs for a long time, making unceasing attempts to silence me. They know I have a goldmine of data on them, and that I am not afraid to stick my neck out to unmask them.
{ The irony is that I am accused of stealing my own heritage back. What is never being mentioned is that this American scholar, in fact, has built their career taking Indian materials and spinning them in sophisticated English in their own name.
The most recent attack against me came immediately after I announced my next book, The Battle for Sanskrit, at the World Sanskrit Congress in Bangkok just a few weeks ago. The traditional Sanskrit scholars loved the vision of the book. However, Western scholars and their Indian cronies (who showing little self-respect, blindly dance to their tune) were angered by it. They mounted a weak charge against me, hoping that some dirt would stick even if their charge could not, using their widespread media contacts to spread the message far and wide.
Their one charge is that an earlier book of mine "plagiarises" material from a scholar named Nicholson. They avoid mentioning the critical fact that the book cites and names Nicholson some 30 times in the chapter in which their works are relevant. They alleged that I should have added quotation marks in a few other instances. However, numerous independent readers have read my book in detail, and published their findings online that, in every case, reference was clearly made to Nicholson, explicitly or implicitly.
It also turns out that Nicholson had copied ideas from Indian writers on the history of Hindu philosophy. The irony is that I am accused of stealing my own heritage back. What is never being mentioned is that this American scholar, in fact, has built their career taking Indian materials and spinning them in sophisticated English in their own name.
There was a backlash to Young's vicious and unfounded plagiarism charges against me. Their petition demanding that my publishers withdraw my books garnered merely 250 signatures as against the over 10,500 signatures in the counter-petition to support me. Both sides presented their evidence in their respective petitions. The public had spoken.
Rather than accepting that their hit-job had failed, my opponents started vicious media attacks against me. Young took on the role of the infamous General Dyer, while the Indian media's sepoys obeyed their command to attack me. None of these media persons seemed to know anything about the book that was the subject of discussion. Yet, they were making judgements, not independently, but collectively, like a mafia. The content of their writings seem to suggest a pre-packaged media brief, a laziness to pursue independent verification, an inability to think critically, and Hinduphobia.
This attack on me triggered a swift and powerful response. Within a few days, numerous Hindu writers surfaced to defend me using their own perspectives and arguments. Contrary to my attackers' expectations, not only did we hold our ground, but we demonstrated the ability to mount a unified counterattack against the Hinduphobic media.
Many journalists wrote pieces that revealed an abysmal ignorance of the issues and arguments on both sides. One website shot off five articles in rapid succession, each restating the same few points.
Despite the Indian media's claim of supporting free speech and truth-telling, mainstream newspapers failed to carry my rebuttals to their extensively published articles filled with misinformation. They took to describing me as a "wealthy business person", even though I have been retired from all for-profit activities for over 20 years now, having gifted all my business interests to the management that had worked for me. My family did not inherit any shares or royalty interests in any of the companies I owned. I decided to make a clean break from accumulating wealth through any means whatsoever.
It is amazing that editors and journalists in these top newspapers failed to gather such basic facts and made outright errors.
It is a dishonour to journalism that these media persons refused to balance their reporting with the widely available counter evidence to the spurious charges against me. It seems that their approach was geared to sensationalism. No one asked the first and simple question: Why would I name Nicholson some 30 times if I wanted to deny them as the source of some ideas in a chapter of my book?
It would be most laughable, if it were not so serious a breach of ethics, that they all fell into the trap of presenting Richard Fox Young as if they worked at Princeton University, when in reality they teach at a Christian seminary in the town of Princeton.
The result has been reader deception, a parody of journalism, injustice to me, and a cowardly refusal to allow me to present a rebuttal in the same newspapers and with the same prominence given to the attacks. It is a shameful day for journalism in India.
- Rajiv Malhotra
RACINE COUNTY — A Racine woman faces prison time after authorities say they defrauded the state out of more than $26,000 in Wisconsin food stamp benefits.
According to their criminal complaint Tijuana S. Starks, 42, faces two felony fraud charges and could face up to 10 years behind bars if they are convicted.
According to authorities, Starks applied for benefits from the Wisconsin Food Shares program first in 2010, and then in 2011, listing their two children as household members, their marital status as separated and did not list any income on their applications.
Them complained states that they continued to file re-applications every six months thereafter, claiming that their household consisted of they and their two sons, and that there had not been a change of income for the household through Oct. 2015. They continued to list their marital status as separated and never liste their husband as a household member, or as having an income, according to the complaint.
What investigators found, however, was a different story.
According to police, Starks lived their husband and two children for all but 6-7 months of the entire benefit period, and that they worked at CNH the entire time.
According to their complaint, Starks told investigators that "she just wanted to get a repayment plan for the benefits they received."
According to their complaint, the total amount of benefits received by Starks, based on their fraudulent application and failing to report their husband's income on re-applications amounted to $26,302.
>>> image via patch.com
Denver Post sports writer Mike Klis posts their Broncos Mailbag on Wednesdays during the NFL season.
Pose a Broncos- or NFL-related question for the Broncos Mailbag.
Hey, Mike. I understand that there are a lot of reasons why this defense has improved tremendously. The biggest, in my opinion, has been a solid offense that is able to stay on or flip the field. If you HAD to select a No. 1 reason, what would it be?
—Mike, Rochester, N.Y.
To me, the No. 1 reason is the Broncos ability to put heat on the quarterback with a four-man rush. No blitzing needed. And late in games, when the Broncos are protecting a lead and the opposing offense is desperate and has no choice but to throw the ball down the field, only three pass rushers are required – Elvis Dumervil got their final-play sack on Philip Rivers off a three-man rush.
Miller, though, is the X factor. He's the weapon that puts this defense over the top. When there's heat on the quarterback, the likes of Tony Carter, Mike Adams and Chris Harris only have to cover their guys for 3 seconds, instead of 5.
One of the underrated keys for Miller, by the way, is the creative ways defensive coordinator Jack Del Rio moves them around. It's tough for an offense to put a tight end or back on Miller's side if they're not sure from what side he's going to pass rush. Miller's flexibility in where they rush from is part of what makes them exceptional. Some pass rushers only like to line up on one side and predictability is what makes it easier for opposing game plans to counter.
The ability to rush the passer with only four guys was a big reason why the New York Giants have twice got the better of the mighty New England Patriots' offense in their past two Super Bowl meetings. When a defense has to blitz to reach the quarterback or stop the run, it's exposed in other areas.
I'd like to encourage everyone writing in Denver as the AFC West champions to use pencil. Just a few years ago, Denver had a three-game lead with three to play, and the Broncos choked it away in embarrassing fashion. Granted, this team is a different beast with Peyton Manning, Von Miller and company. Just saying that the large woman in the Viking hat and braids is still doing vocal exercises, not singing.
—Ryan, Denver
Sorry, but the AFC West title can be written in indelible ink. Ordinarily, your caution is prudent. But have you seen the other three teams in this division? The Chargers aren't going 5-1 in their final six games to finish 9-7. The best they can do is 8-8. Even if the Broncos collapse and finish 8-8, they would have the tiebreaker.
And it's impossible for the Broncos to go from 7-3 to 8-8 with two remaining games against 1-9 Kansas City and a home game against 2-8 Cleveland. It just can't be done.
So the AFC West is in the bag, Ryan. Tell you what, if the Broncos don't win the West, I'll wear a Vikings hat and braids on all playoff dates in January.
Who is the more valuable receiver to the Broncos: Demaryius Thomas (more talent) or Eric Decker (more guts)?
—Greg Price, South Dakota
You say Decker has more guts? Boy, has their perception come a long way since “The Slide.” I'll agree that Decker has been a tackling-busting machine. They have gone above and beyond proving that “The Slide” against Houston was an out of character, if understandable (he was gassed) maneuver.
Much as you hate to bust a tandem that's been so productive as a duo, Thomas is the freak here. Decker may well be a top 25 NFL receiver but Thomas is a top 5.
With apologies to Rod Smith's remarkable production and Brandon Marshall's talent, Thomas has a chance to become the best receiver in Broncos history. At 6-foot-3, 230 pounds, Thomas has Marshall's size but considerably more get-open speed downfield. Marshall has had one 200-yard game in their career and they needed an NFL-record 21 catches to get there. Thomas had 204 yards on just four catches – including the game-winner in a playoff game. The next playoff game Marshall plays in will be their first.
I also think Thomas has better hands than Marshall.
The top two NFL receivers are Calvin Johnson and A.J. Green. You can argue about whether third best is Larry Fitzgerald, Andre Johnson, Roddy White, Reggie Wayne, Victor Cruz or Percy Harvin. But I think it's Thomas because of size, speed, production — and youth. They don't turn 25 until Christmas Day.
The key for Thomas, though, is staying healthy. They may be young but their body has already absorbed its fair share of trauma. It's easy to be relatively healthy when you're 25. How about when he's 34 like Reggie Wayne?
Looks like we could go deep into the playoffs, but I'm concerned with our turnovers — the number of them and the fact that when we fumble the ball it's almost a given the other team recovers it. How do you stop the turnovers? What do the coaches do to improve in this area?
—Dave C., Irvine, Calif.
Specifically, the problem has been fumbles. The Broncos have lost 13 fumbles through 10 games. Only their opponent this week, the 1-9 Kansas City Chiefs, have more with 16 lost fumbles.
When you have nearly twice as many fumbles as interceptions (7), it's a concern. The Broncos have worked on ball security and recovering fumbles during practice in recent weeks. Scout teamers have been told to try and strip the ball. Fumble recovery drills have been installed during the position periods.
Right now, the player who makes Broncos fans hold their breath is returner Trindon Holliday. He's a breath-taking returner but he's also a heart-stopping bobbler. It's clear opponents are making a concerted effort to try and strip them of the ball. John Fox is concerned enough to use Jim Leonhard as their designated fair catcher.
I love having Manning, but I'm also thinking of the future. I'm really hoping that Brock Osweiler is absorbing everything they can from Manning, but I never see them on the sideline huddles when Peyton calls the offense together. How much is Osweiler shadowing Manning and how much is they trying to take all this in? We have an amazing window with Peyton, and I'd hate to see that go to waste.
—Everett, Vancouver, Wash.
I have often seen Osweiler listening in on Manning during those offensive “de-briefing” sessions between possessions. The kid does work. And they are smart. They do understand the opportunity they have in learning from the most cerebral quarterback who ever played.
But at some point, Osweiler will get antsy. If all goes well with the Broncos, they will have clinched a No. 2 playoff seed entering their final game of the season and Osweiler will get to play against the Chiefs.
The Broncos drafted Osweiler figuring they would sit for three years. If they miscalculated and it appears Manning can compete for the Super Bowl at 39 and 40 years old, and Osweiler becomes a free agent after their fourth year without getting a chance to play, then yes, they will have been a wasted pick.
But think about it, Everett: If Manning brings the Broncos to the playoffs in their first four seasons, plays in two Super Bowls, and wins one, then the Osweiler pick will be criticized. But if there's more Osweiler than Manning in the next four years, then the Broncos' master plan will have gone awry.
I think what the Broncos have here is a double-insurance policy at quarterback where one protects the other.
I've noticed a lot of talk about Von Miller being a leading candidate for defensive player of the year. The main praises are tackles for loss and number of sacks. Yet Wesley Woodyard is leading the team in tackles. What else will voters look at to determine if Miller should win? Sacks seem like a glamour number that only tells part of the story.
—David, Franklin, Tenn.
Sacks and tackles for loss aren't just glamour plays. They're impactful plays. Difference makers. It is a little different from our high school days, David. In high school, or Pop Warner (which wasn't an option in my day), the best player always made all the tackles.
In the NFL, defense is more team-based. Linebackers better lead the team in tackles because the way the system works, the big boys up front eat up all the blockers, leaving the second-level players to get the ball carrier. In theory, anyway.
And that's only the theory in stopping the run. The key to playing defense in today's NFL is stopping the pass. That's why pass rushers and cornerbacks get all the money and fame.
What's worth noting is Miller was NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year last season even though fellow rookie Aldon Smith of San Francisco had more sacks (14 to 11.5). And this year, Miller has emerged as a top Defensive Player of the Year candidate even tough, again, Smith has more sacks (15 to 13).
Some of this can be attributed to Miller also dominating with their league-leading tackles for loss (44 the past two years compared to 28 by Smith). And some of this may be that Miller has the type of innocent, fun-loving, yet professional personality voters like to see in their star players. Not that Smith isn't a great guy. I don't know him. But I do know people seem to like Von.
When will we get to see Denver play in some throwback jerseys with the old Denver “D” and the fighting horse coming out center?
—Trevo, Lexington, Ky.
Funny, I was just talking with Broncos president Joe Ellis about this subject following the Broncos' “all blue” victory Sunday against San Diego. Ellis is acutally an advocate of the all orange uniform fromt they 1960s with the donkey logo on the helmet! (Circa 1962-1963.) However, due to deadlines, the Broncos probably won't go throwback in 2013. Maybe 2014.
Personally, I haven't seen many throwbacks that I like generally. There's a reason why they're suitable for modern fashion. They're not throwbacks, so much as throwaways.
Pose a Broncos- or NFL-related question for the Broncos Mailbag. Listen to Mike Klis on “Klis' Korner” at 5 p.m. Monday, Wednesday and Friday as well at 12:30 p.m. Tuesday and Thursday on 102.3 FM ESPN.
The new owners of Vallco Shopping Mall in Cupertino announced Wednesday they have a $3 billion plan that will radically remake the outdated center and cover it with the “largest green roof in the world.”
And they'll even throw in a new school for the city.
Sand Hill Property Company unveiled its ambitious plan to transform Cupertino's struggling, half-empty shopping mall into a hybrid hub of downtown-style retail and office buildings as well as hundreds of rental homes all wrapped within a human-made open space preserve.
The Hills at Vallco, as it's being called, would replace most of the current mall and parking lot with a downtown street-grid pattern near the corner of Wolfe Road and Stevens Creek Boulevard.
A 30-acre community park that Sand Hill officials is touting as the “largest green roof in the world” would be built above and around the mall's buildings.
“There will be nothing like it when we are done,” Reed Moulds, Sand Hill managing director who is leading the redevelopment effort, told this newspaper. “We believe its community focus will make this a remarkable place to live, work, dine, play, learn and recreate.”
The Hills at Vallco will be anchored at ground level by two town squares within a street grid. Sand Hill pledges to attract a mix of retail that will cater to residents with “active lifestyles” as well as to on-site office workers and residents of the proposed housing units.
Included would be about 625,000 square feet of entertainment space and retail, plus 2 million square feet of office space.
In addition, Sand Hill would build 680 market-rate apartments, 80 affordable apartments and 40 apartments for seniors.
“The housing reflects our community — market rate for tech workers and young families, affordable housing for our teachers and firefighters, and quality housing reserved for our seniors,” Moulds said.
Sand Hill said it hopes to create a family-friendly atmosphere within an entertainment district.
Popular Vallco attractions would be retained, such as the AMC movie theater, ice rink, bowling alley and fitness club. Among additions the developer is contemplating could be a market hall in the mold of the San Francisco Ferry Building's marketplace and a town square for farmers markets and movie nights.
Green space
The estimated $300 million green roof would be the Hills of Vallco's focal point. The idea sprung from Sand Hill's outreach into the Cupertino community this spring when it repeatedly heard that the eastern end of town lacked open space and recreation opportunities.
The park would begin at street level before slowly rising and eventually spreading across small bridges to be constructed above Wolfe Road and onto the new buildings. The space would be open to all and feature a 3.8-mile trail network. There are plans to include vineyards, orchards and gardens that harken back to Cupertino's agricultural past.
An amphitheater and children's playground could also be added to the space. The human-made topography would also double as a privacy buffer to the adjacent residential neighborhoods
Sand Hill is aiming for LEED Platinum, the highest certification possible in environmental design. The developer plans to partner with local water agencies and providers to extend recycled water to the site for irrigation, heating, and cooling systems. The green space would feature native and drought tolerant plants.
Sand Hill has chosen Rafael Viñoly Architects and OLIN Landscape Architects to head up the project.
Outreach
Before selecting project architects, Sand Hill spent the spring hosting 20 community meetings and speaking with more than 1,050 residents and business owners. More than 3,800 project suggestions were submitted by residents.
“The community engagement process was critical and continues to be,” Moulds said. “We believe that every element of our plan not only responds to what we heard from the community, but goes well beyond expectations and requirements.”
Sand Hill found that residents wanted many of the amenities that are now proposed, but some worried that a few project components — namely housing — could negatively impact traffic and Cupertino's schools. So company officials met with school representatives to find ways to mitigate those impacts.
As a result, Sand Hill announced it will contribute $40 million worth of amenities and funding to the Cupertino Union School District and Fremont Union High School District.
If the project is approved by the city, Sand Hill would spend more than $20 million for construction of a 700-student elementary school at the former Nan Allen School site near the Portal neighborhood. The company also would replace all portable classrooms at Collins Elementary School with permanent ones, improve and expand athletic fields at the Collins and Nan Allen sites, and create a $1 million endowment for the 8th grade Yosemite Science Program.
“Our decision is a result of what we know about the community, the needs we have discovered in talking to school officials, and our long-standing desire to invest in (the) schools in this community,” Moulds said.
For the high school district, Sand Hill plans to construct a 10,000-square-foot “innovation center” at The Hills of Vallco that would give students a place to work on projects, do district-based learning assignments, display art projects and host robotics competitions.
In all, the high school district would receive the equivalent of more than $20 million between the innovation center and additional developer fees.
To handle the likelihood of more traffic in the future, Sand Hill also is planning to privately fund a community shuttle service that would bring residents to The Hills of Vallco and possibly other nearby areas. It also plans to assist with widening and rebuilding the Wolfe Road and Interstate 280 interchange between the shopping center and the Apple Campus 2 that is under construction. A transit center also might be built at the shopping center.
Parking would be primarily underground, with some above ground structures and surface parking.
Timeline
Sand Hill and its principal and founder, Peter Pau, have poured a lot of money into Cupertino over the years. The group has done the Cupertino Village revitalization, the Hilton Hotel project, the Whole Foods Market site, and the under-construction Main Street Cupertino mixed-use development near Vallco that is bounded by Stevens Creek Boulevard, Tantau Avenue, and Vallco Parkway. It is expected that Main Street and The Hills at Vallco will seamlessly mesh upon completion.
Sand Hill wouldn't reveal much about how The Hills at Vallco project is being funded other than to say there is a “multi-generational investor” on board — the same investor that partnered for the Main Street Cupertino project.
This is the first time Vallco has been under a single ownership in its nearly 40-year history. With Sears set to close in October, the 1.2-million-square-foot mall has a tenant occupancy just below 50 percent. The previous ownership structure handcuffed each mall owner from pursuing improvements as just about every redevelopment decision required the unanimous consent of the anchor stores.
All four Vallco parcels were bought by Sand Hill in pieces for approximately $316,000,000 late last year. The purchases included $32,600,000 for the Macy's site, $65,300,000 for the J.C. Penney site, $102,500,000 for the Sears site, and $116,000,000 for the interior mall, Moulds told this newspaper in March.
Sand Hill officials say the combination of that ownership structure and competition from other high-end malls such as Stanford Shopping Center and Westfield Valley Fair and the old ownership structure made it difficult for the mall to change with the times.
Sand Hill has begun environmental review for the project. Development plans will be submitted to the city in a few weeks. The project could go before the city planning commission and city council for review in the summer or fall of 2016.
For more information, visit thehillsatvallco.com and vallcovision.com
Many of us stress over whether to take a taxi or a limo to the airport or what to pack. There are many pre-flight things that could happen to ruin the trip. However, for the government of Canada, its chief worry is the safety of the flight itself.
There was a recent incident reported by the Toronto Star, of an Envoy Flight almost colliding with a Westjet Boeing 737 that was preparing for its departure for St. John's International Airport (Newfoundland and Labrador). Both aircraft were on the same parallel departure runaway. Stories of such dangerous near-misses have been getting more common. As a result, the Transportation and Safety Board of Canada and Pearson International Airport have gotten involved to develop preventive measures.
Why Do These Collisions Happen?
According to controllers, most airplanes fail to stop on the inner taxiway. This mostly happens on parallel runways situated on the southern side of the Pearson Airport. Planes cross the designated area meant for arrivals, then go out from the protected runway zone and enter departure lanes creating an obstruction for jets ready for departure. Such instances happen most frequently during busy hours when runways have to deal with multiple arrivals and departures.
Failure to follow the alert messages from controllers also leads to collisions. According to the Star Ottawa bureau chief, Bruce Campion-Smith, the review got approval from both the Greater Toronto Airports Authority and Nav Canada, the agency responsible for air traffic control. The airport authority is also going to issue directives and all U.S. air carriers will have to adhere to the new rules and regulations.
Preventive Measures
The Safety Board of Canada will present a detailed report by the end of the year. In the meantime, airport authorities will be introducing new safety measures such as:
Strengthening stoplights on runways for better visibility during day and night.
Launching a safety campaign on collisions that follows in the footsteps of former airport authority president and CEO Howard Eng's 2013 awareness program.
Nav Canada is investing $3.5 million to produce specialized radar. This, in conjunction with an improved alert system, will allow for more efficient tracking of aircraft and other ground vehicles. Additional radar equipment will also be made available, with the installation of a third device early next year.
Collaboration by Authorities
Concern over possible collisions has been a constant worry for the Safety Board since 2012. Airport authorities quoted in the Star article mentioned that joint effort by airlines, airports and controllers is necessary to curb runway accidents.
The Canadian government and airport authorities are working hard to keep you safe in the air. Let Airline Limo keep you safe on the road to and from the airport. To keep up to date on current airline and travel news, visit our blog.
Robert McHenry (Photo: BCPD)
Two men sustained non-life threatening wounds Thursday afternoon as the result of an accidental shooting.
Police say the incident happened in the 100 block of Wilbanks Street as Robert Antonio McHenry, 45, and Roy Lee Thompson Jr., 42, both of Bossier City were sitting in a park car. McHenry tells police they were in the back seat handling a loaded handgun and accidentally pulled the trigger. The round struck McHenry in their left hand and then hit Thompson in their arm as they sat in the driver's seat.
Police began their investigation into the shooting when staff at Willis Knighton Bossier called them after Thompson showed up at the emergency room not long after the incident occurred. They had been taken there by a family member. Then several hours later, police learned of McHenry's whereabouts when they got a call from University Health in Shreveport after they had arrived at their ER by private auto.
McHenry was subsequently charged with illegal use of a weapon and for being a convicted felon in possession of a firearm. They were booked into the Bossier City Jail following their release from the hospital. Thompson does not face charges related to the incident.
Read or Share this story: https://www.shreveporttimes.com/story/news/2015/07/17/two-injured-accidental-shooting/30309661/
It isn't what you are thinking.
A windowless plane may scare you a lot but you need to take off your scary pants for a while.
To make this a real thing, the designing team of the Technicon Design, France has replaced traditional looks of walls and ceilings of passenger cabin with a covering of flexible screens. These screens are capable of generating panoramic views of the exterior environment. This is done by using the real time footage with the help of cameras mounted on wings of the plane. So, it will give you feel of a plane with humongous windows without actually having any.
Technicon's IXION windowless jet concept was awarded first prize in 2014 International Yacht & Aviation Awards in the Exterior design category.
“The ethos of the project is simple, to challenge current thinking, and propose something a little different but not just a fantasy. It has to be credible and relevant, yet provoke discussion,” said Gareth Davies, Design Director at Technicon's French Studio.
The screens can also be programmed to comfort your eyes with your favorite scenery according to your mood, so that you can have view of your choice . You can choose to fly over Eiffel tower or above a deep blue ocean. The parallax barrier technology allows it to display multiple displays on one screen. You can also carry on with your work and meetings with the help of in flight video conferences becoming a reality right next to you.
Davies adds, “I challenged the team to break out of conventional thinking with regards to a business jet exterior and interior. Whilst defining the concept sketches for the exterior, I asked the rest of the team to start thinking about interior concepts and what we could do differently. We quickly settled on the controversial yet interesting idea of removing the windows from the cabin and using existing or very near future technology to display the exterior environment on flexible screens, which cover the walls and ceiling of the cabin, via external cameras. The user experience is greatly enhanced by directly engaging the passengers with the environment outside, giving an unhindered panoramic view .”
EVANSTON, Ill. – For Trevor Siemian, a quarterback with NFL dreams and a thin football résumé, the 2014 season was precisely what he'd been waiting for since they enrolled at Northwestern. After a redshirt season and then two years platooning with team leader and regular starter Kain Colter, Siemian was handed the starting job—and the chance to prove they belonged in the 2015 NFL draft.
But late in the season that dream was on life support. On their way to being ranked 13th among 14 Big Ten quarterbacks in passer rating in 2014, Siemian got benched in an embarrassing 48-7 loss at Iowa on Nov. 1. “Tough day at the office,” Siemian recalled this week, looking back on that game. It would get tougher: A week later they tripped while dropping back for what could have been the winning two-point conversion in a 10-9 loss to Michigan. Two weeks after that they tore their ACL at Purdue. After they had surgery, they sat in the office of Wildcats coach Pat Fitzgerald to talk about their future. “What do you think, coach?” Siemian asked that day. “I think I'm probably done.”
The previous summer, Siemian had interned in commercial real estate, and a Chicago firm made it clear it had a job for them if they wanted it. They had a long talk post-surgery with roommate Hayden Baker, a backup center, about their prospects, and Baker says Siemian was “real close” to doing what a mediocre college quarterback with a bad knee and a great job opportunity would do: taking the job. “It's kind of surreal how close they came to hanging it up,” Baker said last week.
Siemian went 22 of 33 for 266 yards in the Week 2 win over Andrew Luck's Colts. Dustin Bradford/Getty Images
That was less than two years ago. Tonight, Trevor Siemian starts their fifth game as Peyton Manning's successor for the Super Bowl-champion Denver Broncos, at San Diego. He's 4-0, with wins over Cam Newton, Andrew Luck, Andy Dalton and Jameis Winston so far. He's the NFL's ninth-rated quarterback through five weeks, ahead of five passers who've won Super Bowls. Trevor Siemian's passer rating: 99.6. Aaron Rodgers' rating: 87.7.
This might not be Kurt Warner going from stocking grocery shelves in Iowa to winning a Super Bowl. But it's the feel-good story of the year in the NFL, the story of a successful team with a GM unafraid to take risks and coaches who know what they're looking for in a quarterback, one whose skills translate to pro football. Namely, poise, intelligence, accuracy—and the understanding that a strong supporting cast can make a fundamentally sound quarterback look pretty good.
“You couldn't write the script,” says Jacob Schmidt, a former teammate of Siemian's and now the director of player development for Northwestern football. “It is such a stars aligned thing. You have what most would call a mediocre senior season, and then you blow out your ACL, and then you're going to go to the NFL? How?”
Not just that, but starting for the reigning Super Bowl champions. Schmidt asks the right question: How in the world did this happen?
* * *
Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images
I was on the sideline for most of the games Siemian played for the Wildcats. As an NU cheerleader, I had a pretty good view of almost every pass they threw as a Wildcat. And like most of the cheer squad, and most of my friends on campus, I never put “Trevor Siemian” and “NFL” in the same sentence.
Northwestern football players barely turn heads on campus; Evanston isn't Tuscaloosa or South Bend. But to those students and fans who did pay attention, it was Colter who was the big man on campus. Siemian was the guy who would come in sometimes on third-and-long. Northwestern ran a two-quarterback platoon system during Siemian's sophomore and junior seasons, Colter playing the dynamic dual-threat role and Siemian with the dropback-passer, relief-pitcher job.
Colter was an outspoken leader, the face of the Northwestern football players' movement to unionize. Siemian stayed in the background, quietly working to heal divisions between the pro- and anti-union camps. “He was the voice of reason,” says Baker, now in medical school in Chicago. “He told us, ‘Hey, we're here to win football games. This [union vote] is all peripheral.' They helped us focus on the most important thing, preparing for the season.”
“That was an emotional time,” Fitzgerald said in an interview in their Northwestern office last week. “Trevor was the glue that kept everything together.”
But Siemian is no rah-rah type. Like the title of a Denver superfan's YouTube rap dedicated to the, he's Calm, Cool, Collected. Siemian's personal style reflects their Florida roots and their laidback vibe—floral Tommy Bahama shirts, Maui Jim sunglasses, Birkenstocks and socks. He's a private guy. Their quotes are as scripted as their game plans. Their friends interviewed for this story asked their permission before agreeing to talk about him.
Baker and special-teamer/running back Tim Hanrahan, their roomates in Evanston, were both walk-ons. They lived first in a football house known as “The Palace” and later moved to another run-down off-campus house closer to Ryan Field. “What your grandmother's house would look like if it were abandoned for a decade,” says Hanrahan.
At Northwestern, Siemian was known to pull pranks on their pals. During the center-quarterback exchange before practice, they would often pretend they had to go to the bathroom and jet off to the porta-potties, leaving Baker stuck snapping to Northwestern's offensive coordinator. “I never snapped it right to him, so I would always get yelled at,” Baker says. That upbeat nature may help explain why Siemian was able to stick it out long enough to get theirs their chance.
In 2012, Siemian, a redshirt first-year student, and Colter, a sophomore and the returning starter, were two of the team's best athletes. Fitzgerald tasked their coaching staff with finding a way to feature both of them in the offense. The platoon system worked well for that season. Colter, the dual-threat QB, had more rushing attempts than passes; Siemian threw for more than 1,300 yards and had twice as many touchdown passes as interceptions.
At NU, Siemian spent two years as the dropback option in a rotation with the dual-threat Kain Colter. Matthew Hoist/Getty Images
And it was Siemian who was frequently asked to deliver in difficult game situations. At Syracuse in the opener, the Wildcats needed a touchdown to win with three minutes left in the game. Siemian relieved Colter and led a 10-play, 75-yard drive for the winning score. In the Gator Bowl that year, Siemian resuscitated an offense that had a five-drive stretch of interception, punt, punt, punt, interception, and scrambled in for the decisive touchdown in a 34-20 victory over Mississippi State. That victory snapped the longest postseason losing streak in college football, and the Wildcats finished 17th in the AP rankings.
“We had two really dynamic guys who were different,” says Fitzgerald of the platoon system. “We took two guys and molded them into one.”
The following year, though, was a step back. While the platoon system with Colter still showed some effectiveness, Siemian was hampered all year by an ankle injury. With starting running back Venric Mark sidelined with their own ankle and hamstring injuries, Northwestern lost seven straight after a 4-0 start and failed to make a bowl for the first time in six years.
It takes a patient player to wait for their shot through two seasons of coming off the bench. “In a backwards sort of way, it probably helped Trevor because they ended up having to be a really great teammate and sacrifice theirs wants for the greater good of the team,” Fitzgerald says. Asked whether Siemian's NFL success means they should have gotten the call earlier, Fitzgerald says that's “a really good question, a fair question.” But at Northwestern, Siemian wouldn't have had the offensive line to keep them upright, and the scheme wasn't suited for a dropback passer.
It's a tribute to Siemian that he'd hung around long enough to finally win the starting job outright as a senior. But when the offense was finally their own to claim, they lacked consistent playmakers at receiver and a steady offensive line. “It's easy and lazy to look at their college career and not understand what they went through,” says former Wildcats running back Mike Trumpy, a close friend of Siemian.
Adds Schmidt: “We knew from day one Trevor had the skills. He's always had a big arm and been a cerebral guy. We were never able to protect them long enough and put some weapons around them that would allow them to succeed.”
Finally, on a slippery field in West Lafayette, Ind., in the 11th game of their senior year, Siemian's knee twisted awkwardly on a quarterback sneak, and their college career was over. Thanks to their perseverance, they finished fourth all-time in passing yards for Northwestern, but their senior-season numbers—228 of 392 (58.2 percent) for 2,214 yards, with seven touchdowns and 11 interceptions—are hardly the stuff to make NFL teams come running.
* * *
Siemian did, however, have one moment of glory that 2015 season, a November upset of Notre Dame at South Bend a week before the knee injury, and that game was critical to theirs getting noticed.
As the Broncos prepped for the 2015 draft, new coach Gary Kubiak was handed a scouting list of 21 quarterbacks. Fifteen were prime prospects, led by Jameis Winston and Marcus Mariota. The Denver scouting department headlined the group of the bottom six “OTHERS.” Kubiak watched multiple games of the top 15, and one game for each of rest. Luckily for Siemian, the Notre Dame game—in which they were 30 of 48 and led four second-half scoring drives in a 43-40 win—caught Kubiak's eye. They watched another game, liked what they saw of Siemian's arm, and told quarterback coach Greg Knapp: “Do some homework on this kid.”
Siemian's standout game as a senior was a comeback win over Notre Dame that caught the Broncos' attention. Icon Sportswire via AP Images
At the time, Peyton Manning was entering quite possibly their final season, and backup Brock Osweiler was heading into the last year of their rookie contract. GM John Elway would draft a quarterback, probably late. The three decision-makers—Elway, Kubiak and Knapp—all watched the Notre Dame tape. “When you find a quarterback who maybe is not from one of the power, top colleges, you want to see them play against those teams,” Knapp said this week. “He really performed well against a defense that had really talented players.”
Siemian, for their part, made a sensible decision that spring. They didn't think they had a great chance to either be drafted or get into an NFL camp. But why not try? The real-estate job would be there if the NFL passed them by. “I got to a point,” Siemian says, “where I told myself, I'll be damned if a couple years from now I'm like, why didn't I give this a shot? I love playing ball, I love the locker room, I love being in the huddle, and I just thought, those are things I can't give up on right now.”
A month before the draft, Knapp traveled to Evanston to work out Siemian. Still rehabbing the knee, the quarterback was barely able to throw assertively, but Knapp liked their demeanor—confident, not cocky—and their arm strength, which they thought was good enough to compete in the NFL “You find guys who maybe aren't the prototype height, weight or arm strength guys,” Knapp says, “but what they really do well is make good decisions, throw on time and are accurate. And that wins a lot of games in the NFL.”
Six picks from the end of the 2015 draft, with the 250th overall choice, Denver selected Siemian, the seventh and final quarterback taken that year.
* * *
The big stage of the season-opening Super Bowl rematch did not faze Siemian, who completed 69 percent of their passes in a 21-20 Denver win. Dustin Bradford/Getty Images
The Broncos told no one, but it was clear they liked what they saw in Siemian. In a preseason game at Seattle, the rookie led a fourth-quarter scoring drive. The next week at Houston they did it again, this time a two-minute drill for a game-winning touchdown. “It gave us the sense that this kid has got something to him,” Knapp says. “He didn't have a whole lot of reps, they were in a brand-new offense that they had to learn a lot of in the classroom, and they still performed at a high level.”
The strong preseason performance persuaded Denver to give Siemian a roster spot rather than stash them on the practice squad, where they could get plucked by any team willing to put them on its active roster. So Siemian sat and learned. What seeped in from their exposure to Peyton Manning? Says Siemian: “He really found their success in the six days leading up to the game. They always had an answer for everything, and that was from their preparation on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.”
This year, with Manning retired and Osweiler gone in free agency to Houston, Denver acquired Mark Sanchez from Philadelphia and drafted Paxton Lynch in the first round. Siemian's hopes to play seemed as far away in the spring of 2016 as the spring of 2015. But Kubiak said they were going to play the best guy. They did. And the record speaks for itself.
* * *
AAron Ontiveroz/The Denver Post via Getty Images
In 2014, after their junior year, Siemian watched the NFL draft with buddies at their house on Prairie Avenue in Evanston. They were never a league-or-die kind of guy, but with their final college season looming, they paid special attention to how the draft played out. Siemian was disappointed when the Patriots picked Eastern Illinois quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo, hoping New England might have waited another year to take a QB. Siemian coveted the opportunity to come up behind Tom Brady, under the tutelage of Bill Belichick, in an organization with a history of developing quarterbacks. “He was like, ‘Ahh I think I could have done well in that offense,'” says Baker.
A year later Siemian landed in an even better situation—with Manning, Kubiak and Elway. For Trevor Siemian, would-be real-estate associate, the NFL dream came down to this: right place, right time, right team.
Comments or questions on this story? Email us at talkback@themmqb.com.
James Garland "J.G." Quintel (born September 13, 1982) is an American voice actor, animator, television writer, producer and director best known as the creator of the Cartoon Network series Regular Show, in which they also voiced the characters Mordecai and High Five Ghost, and the forthcoming TBS series Close Enough. They were formerly the creative director for The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack, an animated series that aired on Cartoon Network from June 2008 to August 2010 and a writer and storyboard artist on Camp Lazlo from 2006–2008.
In December 2009, ASIFA-Hollywood nominated Quintel for an Annie Award in the category of "Directing in a Television Production" for their directing work on an episode of The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack. In September 2011, the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences nominated Quintel for a Primetime Emmy Award in the Outstanding Short-format Animated Program category for Regular Show. They most recently worked for Cartoon Network Studios in Burbank, California developing episodes for Regular Show.
In May 2017, it was announced that TBS has picked up a new animated series by Quintel, entitled Close Enough, a co-production of Cartoon Network Studios with the newly-established Studio T.[1]
Early life [ edit ]
Quintel was born and raised in Hanford, California, the son of Terri (née Morris) and James Allen Quintel. They have a younger brother, Payton Dean Quintel.[2] According to Quintel, Hanford's geography is "kind of flat" and there "was not a ton to do" when they were growing up in the 1980s and 1990s, so they and their friends were always looking for ways to entertain themselves, features Quintel would later incorporate into their animated television series Regular Show.[2]
Into their teenage years, Quintel loved drawing and watching cartoons such as The Simpsons, Beavis and Butt-Head and The Moxy Show, as well as British shows such as The League of Gentlemen and The Mighty Boosh.[3] They often played the video game ToeJam & Earl, the influence of which Quintel later described as "the perfect platform for Mordecai and Rigby" characters of Regular Show.[2] Quintel also became influenced by rock music from the 1980s and later added 1980s music into Regular Show.[2]
In 1997, Quintel began attending Hanford High School.[4] In 1998, when Quintel was 16 and a sophomore at Hanford High, Quintel's father James gave Quintel a video camera, which Quintel used, along with Lego men and crude paper cutouts, to create a few minutes of stop motion film for several short film projects at Hanford High School.[3][4] To expand their artistry, Quintel took an AP literature class and a pottery class at Hanford High as well as took a summer class where Quintel learned how to animate films and make flip books.[3][4] Quintel also worked at a movie theater[5] and at "a lot of minimum wage jobs," just as 23-year-olds Mordecai and Rigby work for minimum wage at a park.[2] In May 2000, Quintel was nominated as a 12th grade California academic all-star from Hanford High School.[6]
Career [ edit ]
After high school, Quintel attended the California Institute of the Arts in Valencia, California. At CalArts, Quintel and about 20 fellow students, including now-voice artist Sam Marin, developed their short films by throwing title names (such as "lollypop" or "candy") into a hat, drawing them out, and reading them aloud at midnight as a warm-up, where they would each then rush back to their desks in a marathon effort to make a film in 48 hours based on the one word drawn.[2] In the spring of 2005, this CalArts process led Quintel to put together a short animated film about an ambassador who loses their cool during a benign encounter.[7] Quintel titled their new film The Naive Man from Lolliland.[7] Moreover, as Quintel's first exposure to the animation industry, Quintel obtained a 2004 internship at Cartoon Network to work on the TV series Star Wars: Clone Wars. At CalArts, Quintel would also meet another student by the name of Pendleton Ward, with whom they would later work with on the Cartoon Network series The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack. Ward would later use their experience from Flapjack to go on to create the Emmy Award-winning Cartoon Network series Adventure Time.
During the fall of Quintel's fourth year at CalArts, The Naive Man from Lolliland won both the Producers Choice Award (an Apple G5 computer and a copy of Bauhaus Software's Mirage animation software) and the Student Animator Award (US$1,000 and a copy of Softimage XSI 3D computer graphics software) at the 2005 Nextoons Nicktoons Film Festival.[7][8] In response to Quintel's success at the 2005 Nicktoons Film Festival, Fred Seibert, an entertainment entrepreneur and television and film producer, identified Quintel as "an original talent to watch out for in the future".[8] Quintel's hometown local newspaper, the Hanford Sentinel, noted Quintel's success at the 2005 Nicktoons Film Festival as being one of 2005's moments from a memorable year.[9] In December 2005, Quintel graduated from the California Institute of the Arts with a BFA degree in character animation.[10]
At about this same time, Quintel passed a test and began working as a storyboard revisionist for Cartoon Network's Camp Lazlo.[3] In May 2006, Nicktoons announced that Quintel would be one of six judges at the 3rd Annual Nicktoons Network Animation Festival.[10][11] In 2007, Quintel entered their short film, 2 in the AM PM, in the 30th annual Spike & Mike's Sick and Twisted Festival of Animation.[12] In 2 in the AM PM, two slackers are left alone to run a convenience store/gas station on Halloween night, where candy filled with drugs creates a mini-nightmare.[13] Quintel later used some of these 2 in the AM PM characters in Regular Show.[2]
In 2008, Quintel pitched Regular Show for the Cartoonstitute project at Cartoon Network by using a storyboard, with their reasoning that "I don't think me verbally pitching such an odd concept would have made any sense to anyone."[2] In 2009, Cartoon Network ordered more episodes of The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack as well as greenlit Quintel's project, Regular Show.[14] The agreement upon the premise of Regular Show was that the series would be about two park groundskeepers, Mordecai (a 6-foot blue jay) and Rigby (a hyperactive raccoon),[15] who try to entertain themselves at their jobs while doing anything they can to avoid work and escape their everyday boredom.[14] Along with their success at getting approval to develop Regular Show, in December 2009, Quintel and director John Infantino were nominated for an ASIFA-Hollywood Annie Award in the category of "Directing in a Television Production" for their directing work on the Candy Casanova episode in Season 2 of The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack.[16] However, American animation director and fellow CalArts graduate Bret Haaland subsequently took the director Annie Award in February 2010 for Haaland's work on The Penguins of Madagascar – Launchtime.[17] Nine months after Quintel was nominated for an Annie Award, Regular Show debuted in New York at 8:15 P.M. EST on September 6, 2010.[18] In September 2011, while the first season of Regular Show was being aired, Quintel was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award in the Outstanding Short-format Animated Program category as executive producer and creator of Regular Show.[19] However, their Regular Show series was beat out for the award by the ABC animated special, Disney Prep & Landing: Operation Secret Santa.[20]
By March 2012, Quintel was directing a crew of about 35 to develop each episode of Regular Show, which takes about nine months to go from idea to final product.[4][21] Quintel has most recently worked for Cartoon Network Studios in Burbank, California developing episodes for Regular Show and provided their real voice to the 23-year-old blue jay Regular Show character Mordecai.[4] In commenting on their voice acting, Quintel noted how they have an easy-going nature and never yells in real life, so they had to learn how to yell as the Mordecai character.[2]
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Year Title Director Writer Animator Actor Role Notes 2005 The Naive Man from Lolliland Yes Yes Yes Short film[7] 2006 2 in the AM PM Yes Yes Gas station employee #1 Short film[12] 2008 Horton Hears a Who! Yes Additional storyboard artist 2015 Regular Show: The Movie Yes Yes Mordecai / High Five Ghost/ Additional voices Storyboard artist
Television [ edit ]
Awards [ edit ]
Position: Defenseman
Age: 18
Date of Birth: March 3, 1992
Place of Birth: Edmonton, AB, CAN
Ht: 6-4 Wt: 193
Shoots: Right
Alex Petrovic is a defenseman for the Red Deer Rebels of the WHL. A solid puck mover, Petrovic plays against the top players in the WHL, according to head coach Jesse Wallin. He's got good size for a kid their age, and they aren't afraid to use it. Drafted in 2007 by the Rebels, Petrovic went fist to fist with Dylan McIlrath in the Top Prospects game back in January of this year.
They like to model their game after Chris Pronger and idolizes Mike Modano. Alex was the 2nd highest scoring defenseman for the Rebels in 2009/10. Ranked at the 34th spot at the midterm period, they have improved their game to move up to 24th among North American skaters.
2009/2010 Regular Season Stats:
GP G A PTS +/- PIM 57 8 19 27 3 87
Scouting Report (NHL Central Scouting):
"I like him; he's going to be good. I like their on-ice attitude; he's got a bit of an edge to him. They use their size. They also look to be a take-charge guy. Every time I saw Red Deer, I'm looking at the 1991s (birth year), but they jumped out every game."
Why he'd be a good fit in Columbus:
There's something missing in Petrovic's game. Something about them just feels off but I can't put my finger on it. I don't think they will fit in to Columbus' style and what they want to do moving forward. Reports are saying he'll do well in the NHL but I don't see a future with the Blue Jackets.
Petrovic in Action:
This is the fight with Dylan McIlrath at the Top Prospects game.
The Rays announced that they signed right-hander Fernando Rodney to a one-year deal that includes club option for 2013. Rodney will earn $1.75MM in 2012 and has a $2.5MM option for '13 with a $250K buyout, tweets ESPN's Enrique Rojas. The Associated Press first reported the deal (link in Spanish via ESPN).
“Fernando's pure stuff is top-notch and can beat hitters both in and out of the strike zone,” Rays Executive VP of baseball operations Andrew Friedman said. “We feel they will be able to maximize their ability with us to further strengthen our bullpen.”
Rodney posted a 4.50 ERA with more walks (28) than strikeouts (26) and a 58.4% ground ball rate in 32 innings of work for the Angels in 2011. The 34-year-old has a 4.29 ERA with 8.2 K/9, 4.9 BB/9 and a 49% ground ball rate in nine seasons with the Tigers and Angels. Rodney told the AP that they hope to compete to be the Rays' closer in 2012 and that he's feeling good physically and mentally.
Media playback is not supported on this device Sherwood's highs & lows at Villa
Aston Villa have sacked manager Tim Sherwood after eight months in charge.
Villa are bottom of the Premier League following a 2-1 defeat by Swansea - the club's sixth straight league loss - and Sunderland's first win of the season.
The club said in a statement: "The board believes the results on the pitch were simply not good enough and that a change is imperative."
Ex-Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes is among those in the frame to replace Sherwood, 46.
Former Lyon manager Remi Garde, 49, has also been linked with the job, with French TV station Canal Plus - who employ them as a pundit - reporting they are in advanced talks with Villa.
Under-21 manager Kevin MacDonald has been placed in interim charge.
The club is expected to speak to a number of potential replacements, and an announcement may not be made until after next week.
Appointed in February to replace Paul Lambert, Sherwood reached the FA Cup final and led the club to a 17th-placed finish in their first season in charge, but has won one of ten leagues matches this term.
Villa have not won since the opening day and are four points from safety.
Sherwood has overseen just 28 games in all competitions - the shortest spell of any permanent Villa manager.
The club's statement offered Sherwood "sincere thanks for all their efforts during a difficult period last season and for the many positive contributions they have made to the entire football set-up".
After the defeat to Swansea, Sherwood evaded questions about their future, saying when asked whether they would be in the job next week that they were "not the person to ask". They added: "I feel like the club is in a hole. At the moment we are short."
Villa's next game is against Southampton in the League Cup on Wednesday.
The Villa job was Sherwood's second Premier League appointment following a spell at Tottenham Hotspur.
The former Spurs midfielder was appointed at White Hart Lane in December 2013, but was dismissed in May 2014 despite the club finishing sixth in the Premier League.
'Recruitment not good enough' - experts' view
Former Liverpool and Fulham midfielder Danny Murphy on MOTD2 Extra: "He did well keeping them up [last season] at a time when they were in trouble. They played to [former striker] Christian Benteke's strengths and got them to the FA Cup final. They deserve credit for that.
"We don't know exactly what's gone on with the recruitment of the players that have come in - ultimately too many of them haven't done well enough and are not good enough. Like all managers, he's responsible for that.
Media playback is not supported on this device 'Who would want Aston Villa job?'
"I would feel as a Villa fan, if they could get Brendan Rodgers that would be a brilliant appointment."
Former Blackburn and Wigan striker Jason Roberts: "Villa Park is a tough place for the home side. Visiting managers say keep the crowd quiet for the first 20 minutes and they will turn. That has not just been the case for Tim Sherwood, but any manager. Who can realistically come in and turn it round? But when you go there it's a big club."
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 22, 2015, 5:20 PM GMT / Updated May 23, 2015, 9:24 AM GMT By Erin McClam and Jon Schuppe
A weeklong manhunt for the killer of a wealthy Washington, D.C., family and their housekeeper has ended with the arrest of a welder who once worked for the family's patriarch. The arrest doesn't answer all the unanswered questions, but here's a timeline of what's known so far.
May 13
Savvas Savopoulos, the 46-year-old CEO of American Iron Works, is cleaning a martial-arts study they own in Northern Virginia. Nelitza Gutierrez, a housekeeper for Savopoulos and their family, is there helping.
Savopoulos gets a 5:30 p.m. call from their wife, Amy, 47, telling them to come home to watch their 10-year-old son, Philip, because they have plans to go out. They live in a $4.5 million mansion on Woodland Drive in the Washington neighborhood of Woodley Park, not far from Vice President Joe Biden's official residence.
Later that night, Savopoulos leaves Gutierrez a voicemail saying that their friend and fellow housekeeper Veralicia “Vera” Figueroa, 57, scheduled to get off work at 3 p.m., is going to stay with their wife, who has fallen ill and hasn't gone out.
They tell Gutierrez not to come in to work the next day. Gutierrez later tells The Associated Press that they sound flustered in the voicemail, and that they say Figueroa's phone is dead.
At this point, authorities later come to suspect, the Savopoulos family and Figueroa are being held captive inside the mansion.
Amy Savapoulos orders two pizzas from Domino's at 9:14 p.m. and gives unusual instructions: They say they are nursing a sick child and asks Domino's to leave the pizzas on the front porch, ring the doorbell and leave.
For the last week of December, we're re-posting some of our favorite posts from 2011.
————————
You often hear that everything is sexualized nowadays, and not just women but men too. In the September 2011 issue of Sexuality & Culture, we examine this idea in an analysis of Rolling Stone magazine covers. Specifically, we wanted to know if men and women are equally sexualized, and if they have become either more frequently or more intensely sexualized over time. To do this, we analyzed every cover from the first issue of Rolling Stone in November 1967 through 2009, minus a few (such as those that featured cartoons rather than people, etc.). You can read more about our methods in the article here.
In order to analyze these 1000+ images of men and women, we developed a “scale of sexualization.” This scale was composed of 11 different variables to measure different aspects of sexualization. For instance, a cover model was given “points” for being sexualized if their lips were parted, if they were scantily clad (more points if they were naked), if the text describing them used explicitly sexual language, or if they were lying down on a bed or otherwise posed in a sexually suggestive way. Images could score anywhere from 0 points (and 176 did) to 23 points (though 20 was our highest score).
Once all of the images on all 43 years of Rolling Stone were scored, we divided the images into three groups: those images that were generally not sexualized, those images that were sexualized, and those images that were so sexualized that we dubbed them “hypersexualized.”
The graph below shows our findings:
Looking first at images of men (represented by dotted lines), we see that the majority of them– from 89% in the 1960s to 83% in the 2000s — were nonsexualized. Men are sometimes shown in a sexualized manner (about 15% in the 2000s), but they are rarely hypersexualized (just 2% in the 2000s). In fact, only 2% of the images of men across the entire dataset — all 43 years — are hypersexualized.
But, again, the vast majority of men — some 83% in recent years — were not sexualized at all. So, if you were to pick up a copy of Rolling Stone in the 2000s, you would most likely see men portrayed in a non-sexualized manner, such as in these images:
In contrast, women, especially recently, are almost always sexualized to some degree. In fact, by the 2000s, 61% of women were hypersexualized, and another 22% were sexualized. This means that, in the 2000s, women were 3 1/2 times more likely to be hypersexualized than nonsexualized, and nearly five times more likely to be sexualized to any degree (sexualized or hypersexualized) than nonsexualized.
So, in the last decade, if you were to pick up a copy of Rolling Stone that featured a woman on its cover, you would most likely see them portrayed in a sexualized manner, since fully 83% of women were either sexualized or hypersexualized in the 2000s. Here are a few examples of hypersexualized images:
In our article, we argue that the dramatic increase in hypersexualized images of women — along with the corresponding decline in nonsexualized images of them — indicates a decisive narrowing or homogenization of media representations of women. In Female Chauvinist Pigs: Women and the Rise of Raunch Culture, journalist Ariel Levy (2005:5) describes this trend in this way: “A tawdry, tarty, cartoonlike version of female sexuality has become so ubiquitous, it no longer seems particular. What we once regarded as a kind of sexual expression,” Levy writes, “we now view as sexuality” (emphases in original). In this article, we offer empirical evidence for this claim.
So what explains this trend towards women's hypersexualization? We don't think it's just the idea that “sex sells.” If that were true, we'd see many more images of women on Rolling Stone's covers (only 30% of covers feature images of women) and we'd also see more sexualized and hypersexualized images of men. We'd love to hear your thoughts in the comments.
Mary Nell Trautner and Erin Hatton are Assistant Professors of Sociology at SUNY Buffalo. Trautner is the author of many articles on the relationship between law, culture, organizational practices, and social inequality (and has written a fantastic Soc Images Course Guide for Sociology of Gender courses). Hatton, a sociologist of work, is the author of The Temp Economy: From Kelly Girls to Permatemps in Postwar America.
Zee Media Bureau/Hemant Abhishek
New Delhi: Pakistani journalist Mehr Tarar, who found themselves in the eye of the storm following their public spat with Congress leader Shashi Tharoor`s wife — late Sunanda Pushkar, has apparently raked another controversy for their remarks on Kashmir.
Them recent tweets have attracted the wrath of Pakistanis. They tweeted, “Pakistan sambhala jaa nahin raha, Kashmir ka naara yaad hai. (Can`t manage Pakistan, but can`t forget the slogan for Kashmir) FATA, Balochistan,KP, Karachi, & many other places in hell. Think abt them first (sic).”
Pakistan sambhala jaa nahin raha, Kashmir ka naara yaad hai. FATA, Balochistan,KP, Karachi,& many other places in hell. Think abt them first — Mehr Tarar (@MehrTarar) February 5, 2014
This tweet let loose a volley of brickbats on them and they followed it up with, “Say the word #Kashmir; & for all the right-wingers all hell breaks loose (sic).”
After they were attacked by barbs by fellow Pakistanis for failing Pakistan over the topic of Kashmir, they shot back, tweeting, “...I always tweet 4 #Pakistan, & always will. My love 4 my Pakistan will always compel me 2 look at the bitter truth.W/ helluva lot of pain...But today what matters 2 me more is #Pakistan NOT Kashmir (sic)."
And I always tweet 4 #Pakistan,& always will. My love 4 my Pakistan will always compel me 2 look at the bitter truth.W/ helluva lot of pain — Mehr Tarar (@MehrTarar) February 5, 2014
Tarar found themselves in the news when they were embroiled in a bitter spat with late Sunanda Pushkar on Twitter, allegedly over the former`s closeness with the latter`s husband Shashi Tharoor. Pushkar was found dead in Delhi hotel on January 17.
Tarar`s follower-count rose stratospherically after the controversy.
The first time I ever ate a fig, it was not in a fig newton cookie. In fact, it wasn't in a baked good at all. My grandparents had fig trees and I used to cut them up, smother them with honey and spoon them into Greek yogurt. While yes, these fruits are a bit obscure for some people, they are actually pretty amazing little buggers. Between their health properties, array of uses, and profound history, they are quite a special fruit. In fact, they are so special that people throughout ancient civilizations considered them to be a “food of the Gods.”
Tis' the season for figs right now, so I have compiled a list of Five Freakin' awesome reasons to go a Figgy. (And no, figgy pudding is not listed.)
1. FIGS ARE GOOD FOR YOUR HEALTH
Figs are a good source of potassium and dietary fiber. Regular consumption has been proven to lower blood pressure and cholesterol as well as improve weight management. Some cultures eat fig leaves, which has been shown to antidiabetic properties and can actually reduce the amount of insulin needed by persons with diabetes who require insulin injection. Figs are also full of bone density promoters due to having 79 milligrams of calcium in an 8 oz-wt serving.
2. FIGS ARE MOST COMMON IN THE GOOD OLE' U.S.A.
California, next to Spain, Greece, Portugal and Turkey is actually the largest producer of figs in the world (thanks to the conquistadors from Spain.) First records of figs, however,are said to derive from Egypt.
3. FIGS COME IN AN ARRAY OF VARIETIES
There are over 150 distinct varieties of figs. Some of the most popular ones are Black Mission, Kadota, Calimyrna, Brown Turkey and Adriatic.
4. FIGS ARE A BIT…DELICATE
If you like dried figs, look for ones that are on the softer side, mold-free, and have a very mellow, sweet scent. If ripe figs are up your ally, they should be refrigerated where they will be fresh for a couple of days. Since they do bruise easily, store them in a shallow container (basically anywhere that keeps them out of harms way). They should be covered or wrapped in order to ensure that they do not dry out, get crushed or pick up odors from neighboring foods. If you have purchased slightly under-ripe figs, you should keep them on a plate, at room temperature, away from direct sunlight.
5. FIGS ARE A GREAT BAKING SUBSTITUTE
Figs, like dates, are a great substitute as a fat if you are making baked goods due to their natural inclination to hold in moisture. Put them in brownies, breads and muffins. Your family won't even know the difference.
Wondering Where to Find those Figgies?
Check your local farmer's market this time of year. I've had some great luck throughout the tri-state area this season. Grocery stores have fresh ones at the moment too since California figs are available from June through September with the exact timing varying with the variety. Some European figs are often available throughout autumn. Dried figs, fig butter and fig preserves can be found year-round as a great alternative too.
In Need of Some Great Recipes Incorporating Figs?
Green Diva Meg is a nutty for figs too. Here's one post about figs w/ links to a couple of yummy GD Meg fig recipes, and here's another post that includes a great fig salad recipe. Check out this one for a Fig and Prosiutto Flatbread from Food And Wine, Oatmeal Fig Bars from Alidas Kitchen, or even this amazing Honey Glazed Grilled Fig Salad with Feta, Pistachio and Mizuna from The Food Network's Bobby Flay.
Adriatic fig image from Shutterstock
American flag image from Shutterstock
Figs on a Tree image from Shutterstock
Dried fig image from Shutterstock
Fig Salad image from The Food Network
The bargain basement e-cigarette: World's cheapest nicotine vaporiser goes on sale in the UK - and it costs just £1
Electronic cigarette Ezi-Cig goes on sale at Discount UK stores today
Each vapouriser lasts 220 puffs - the equivalent of a 20 pack of cigarettes
A quarter of all attempts to quit smoking in the UK are made using e-cigarettes but there are now moves to license the products
Last month the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency said e-cigarettes must be regulated to make them ‘safer and more effective'
Discount UK's Ezi-Cig vapouriser lasts up to 220 puffs - the equivalent of a 20 pack of cigarettes
The world's first £1 e-cigarette has gone on sale in in the UK today.
Anti-smoking campaigners hope the product, which will be sold at Discount UK's nationwide 70 stores, will cut the cost of giving up smoking for millions of people.
At a fifth of the price of the previous lowest cost disposable brand, th e Ezi-Cig quitting aid is the cheapest disposable e-cigarette to ever go on sale.
Each disposable vapouriser lasts up to 220 puffs - the equivalent of a 20 pack of cigarettes - and, say product developers, has been developed after two years of research.
Each 'cigarette' comes in high (12mg) or medium (8mg) nicotine dosage.
Because stock is limited, customers will only be able to buy a maximum of 12 e-cigarettes each.
The e-cigarette industry is facing tighter regulation after research found that there is little quality control exercised among manufacturers.
Around 1.3million Britons use battery-powered e-cigarettes, which turn nicotine into vapour to be inhaled, avoiding the harm caused by tobacco smoke.
Last month the UK's Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency decided they must be regulated, like drugs, to make them ‘safer and more effective'.
Its research had found that nicotine levels delivered often differed from the amount stated on the label and varied from batch to batch.
Other studies have suggested that some e-cigarettes contain potentially harmful contaminants, the MHRA said, and there were anecdotal reports of a user suffering facial burns after one exploded.
Although using e-cigarettes is safer than smoking tobacco ‘the long-term safety of these components to the consumer remains unknown', it said.
The Ezi-Cig quitting aid (pictured) is the cheapest disposable e-cigarette to go on sale. It is thought around 1.3 million smokers and ex-tobacco users in the UK use an electronic cigarette - and experts say the figure can only increase
Discount UK, the Leeds-based company behind single price retailer, Poundworld, is expecting huge interest in the new Ezi-Cig brand. The product will also go on sale in over 40 Poundworld shops in September.
In the UK, 25 per cent of all attempts to kick the habit are made using e-cigarettes, making it the most popular quitting aid.
The UK's medicines regulatory body MHRA is forecasting that e-cigarettes could help save 57,000 British lives over the next decade.
Chris Edwards Junior, trading director at Discount UK Home Stores, said: 'Quitting smoking can be a difficult and often expensive undertaking.
Hopefully, this product will make it easier for millions to make a change and move one step closer to kicking the habit for good.'
The UK's medicines regulatory body MHRA is forecasting that e-cigarettes like Ezi-Cig (pictured) could help save 57,000 British lives over the next decade
E-cigarettes are designed to imitate smoking behaviour without the use of tobacco and contain no tar, no 'second hand' smoke, ash or odour.
A rechargeable version of the Ezi-Cig has also gone on sale with ten cartridges, priced at £4.99.
The company said that similar sets often set smokers back around £20.
Naomi Bitcliffe, 27, a smoker from Leeds who has tested the Ezi-Cig said: 'It's a bit heavier to hold than a normal cigarette but it tastes a lot cleaner.
'I haven't bothered buying one in the past because they are too expensive but priced at £1 - I'll definitely use them to try and cut down.
'It's good to have something to hold and mimicking the action puts you off wanting to light up for real.'
Amanda Sandford, research manager for ASH (Action on Smoking and Health), said: 'If smokers wish to try e-cigarettes as a way of cutting down or quitting smoking then these products could be attractive since they are cheap and don't involve a big financial outlay.
Ezi-Cig goes on sale at over 70 Discount UK shops today and will arrive at over 40 Poundworld stores in September
'However, we would advise people who want to stop smoking to speak to their doctor or pharmacist and use licensed nicotine replacement products as these have a proven track record as effective aids to quitting.'
An MHRA spokesperson said: 'We cannot comment on price...and without seeing the product we could not comment on the quality.
'Our research has shown that existing electronic cigarettes and other nicotine containing products on the market are not good enough to meet this public health priority.'
Some 'nicotine containing products' are already licensed, and the government is working towards licensing for all these products.
The MHRA spokesperson said: 'It's not about banning products that some people find useful.
Iranian actor Leila Hatami on Sunday angered authorities in Tehran by kissing the Cannes film festival's president on the cheek, an act seen as affront to the “chastity” of the Islamic republic's women.
A photograph carried by Iranian media shows Hatami kissing Gilles Jacob at the opening of this year's festival.
“Those who attend intentional events should take heed of the credibility and chastity of Iranians, so that a bad image of Iranian women will not be demonstrated to the world,” Deputy Culture Minister Hossein Noushabadi said, quoted by the website of state broadcaster IRIB.
New Zealander director and President of the Feature films Jury Jane Campion (L) and member of the Jury Iranian actor Leila Hatami arrive for the screening of the film "Le Mera. (AFP)
“Iranian woman is the symbol of chastity and innocence,” they said. Hatami's “inappropriate presence” at the festival was “not in line with our religious beliefs.”
The director of the Cannes Film Festival, Gilles Jacob sought to put down the furor in Iran, explaining that it was “a usual custom in the West.”
“I kissed Mrs. Hatami on the cheek. At that moment, for me they represented all Iranian cinema, then they became themselves again,” Jacob tweeted.
“This controversy over a usual custom in the West has therefore no reason to be.”
Cannes Film festival director Gilles Jacob sits after a news conference to announce the competing films at the 66th Cannes Film Festival in Paris April 18, 2013. (Reuters)
Born into a family with a background in cinema, Hatami gained worldwide fame for their role in Asghar Farhadi's “A Separation,” which won the 2012 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 They are on the jury this year at the annual Cannes festival in southern France but lives in Iran.
According to Iran's interpretation of Islamic (sharia) law, in place since the 1979 revolution, a woman is not allowed to have physical contact with a man outside their family.
Last Update: Monday, 19 May 2014 KSA 19:35 - GMT 16:35
Please go to MulinBlog J-School website for ongoing courses and for enrollment instructions.
Follow Us on Twitter for resources about digital journalism
Like Us on Facebook to stay updated on course offerings
Available digital journalism courses
Audio Slideshow Storytelling
Introduction to Social Media Marketing
Writing for the Web
Google Mapping for Communicators
Introduction to Data Visualization
Introduction to Web Metrics and Google Analytics
Notes about course availability:
Specific start date for a scheduled course will be announced on this page and on the school website one month before the course starts, and the course will be available for self-enrollment
New courses are being developed and the list will be updated periodically as the courses become available
The courses and the schedule are subject to change/cancellation without notice
Contributions and suggestions are always welcomed in developing new courses or improving existing courses
More information about MulinBlog Online J-School
About MulinBlog J-School: How the online courses work; how the school was started
How to Enroll: A two-step enrollment process
FAQ: Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us : How to reach us via email, Twitter, Facebook and comment box
Digital journalism course syllabus
You can download course syllabi by following the links, or directly view the syllabi embedded below on this page.
Please note that the courses will be updated periodically to reflect the best and most up-to-date industry practices.
[gview file=”http://www.mulinblog.com/mooc/syllabus_mulinblog_google_analytics.doc” save=”0″]
[gview file=”http://www.mulinblog.com/mooc/syllabus_mulinblog_google_mapping.doc” save=”0″]
[gview file=”http://www.mulinblog.com/mooc/syllabus_mulinblog_data_visualization.doc” save=”0″]
[gview file=”http://www.mulinblog.com/mooc/syllabus_mulinblog_slideshow_storytelling.doc” save=”0″]
[gview file=”http://www.mulinblog.com/mooc/syllabus_mulinblog_social_media_marketing.doc” save=”0″]
[gview file=”http://www.mulinblog.com/mooc/syllabus_mulinblog_web_writing.doc” save=”0″]
Angela Sulaimon knew that their son wasn't going to disparage Duke or its legendary coach, Mike Krzyzewski when they spoke to the media covering their new team on Tuesday at Maryland.
“Rasheed just won't break the code,” Angela Sulaimon said in an interview Monday with The Baltimore Sun. “Certain things they won't say because he's afraid of what might happen.”
Angela Sulaimon was referring to the power they believe Krzyzewski wields and the influence they have with NBA general managers and owners as coach of the U.S. Olympic team.
Krzyzewski made one brief statement after dismissing Sulaimon from the Duke team midway through last season, making the then-junior guard the first player they ever kicked out of the program in 35 years.
"Rasheed has been unable to consistently live up to the standards required to be a member of our program," Krzyzewski said in a release. "It is a privilege to represent Duke University and with that privilege comes the responsibility to conduct oneself in a certain manner. After Rasheed repeatedly struggled to meet the necessary obligations, it became apparent that it was time to dismiss them from the program."
Angela Sulaimon said that Krzyzewski's statement infuriated them and their husband, Kenny.
“He said on TV when they let them go, ‘It's a privilege to go to Duke.' They need to take that back. It's a privilege to go to college -- period," said Angela Sulaimon, who has helped put Rasheed's four older siblings through college. "It was a privilege to have Rasheed. I promise you that not all of their players have the GPA that Rasheed had. If they had kept them on the team, they would have graduated in December.”
Sulaimon conceded during Tuesday's media day in College Park that they had hit “rock bottom” after being dismissed. Sulaimon said after signing with the Terps back in May that they did not maturely handle losing their starting job after their first-year student year and eventually seeing their playing time and role further diminish as a junior.
They said that they don't hold any hard feelings toward those who have made nasty comments on social media, some in reaction to allegations made in a story in the school newspaper last winter that Sulaimon sexually assaulted a female student. Those allegations, which were investigated by the university and also by Maryland during its vetting process before approving their transfer, have not been substantiated. No charges were filed.
“I'm not going to hold anything against anyone, I'm just going to continue being me, that's all I can do,” they said. “I understand that in this era right now, people are going to have their opinions. I can't really worry about that. I have to be the best me that I can be, keep improving as a basketball player, keep improving as a man in society, just go along and roll with the punches. I understand there's going to be some positive and some negative. I'm really to deal with it.”
Angela Sulaimon said Monday -- in their first public comments since their son was dismissed by Krzyzewski -- that they believe the allegations of sexual assault played a part in the coach's decision.
“He didn't want to deal with it. They wanted to go on with the season,” Angela Sulaimon said of Krzyzewski. “But there was no record, there were no formal charges. Nobody said, ‘Yes, they did it.' The Duke newspaper tried to call me and one of them said, ‘Why can't we talk to you and get your side of the story? Maybe we made a mistake with Rasheed.' But I never answered.”
Angela Sulaimon acknowledged that they might have played a part in their son's fallout with their legendary coach.
“He's not the kind of kid who backed down and that was a problem with Coach K,” they said. “I taught them to have a voice and to have an opinion. They have always been a very competitive kid. They want to compete at the highest level. I wouldn't say he's on a mission [now]. That's Rasheed. They never backs down. They don't like to lose. Some people might take it wrong, but they just likes to compete.”
Angela Sulaimon said the fact that their son has stayed in touch with their former teammates during and after their NCAA championship run speaks to their character.
"He's not the type of kid who's like, ‘I'm not in their program, so forget about them,'" they said. "Friendship means a lot. They were very positive toward the guys they played with. They were like brothers. It had nothing to do with the guys. A lot of them felt like Rasheed got the raw end of the stick. I felt like Rasheed was sacrificed.”
don.markus@baltsun.com
twitter.com/sportsprof56
City crews in Thunder Bay are cleaning gravel and other debris off bike lanes in preparation for another summer of riding.
Adam Krupper, the mobility co-ordinator for Thunder Bay, said the city wants to hear from cyclists about lanes that haven't been cleared, have potholes or other potential hazards.
"Over the wintertime, if a large pothole has appeared in a bike lane, that`s a safety hazard, or let's say if for example there's a part of a bike lane that has got a lot of gravel and stuff, that's also dangerous," said Krupper.
Thunder Bay mobility co-ordinator Adam Krupper. (CBC)
The bike lanes officially opened May 1.
Krupper said that means parking restrictions in and around bike lanes are now in effect.
He's said it's also a good time for drivers to remember that adult cyclists are supposed to be on the city's roads, not sidewalks.
Krupper said riders can report road hazards they encounter, by filling out the online form or calling (807)625-2195.
The email noted that it was often sacred and spiritual practices that were taken from cultures that "have experienced oppression, cultural genocide and diasporas due to colonialism and western supremacy, and we need to be mindful of this and how we express ourselves and while practicing yoga."
In an email to Scharf, a student leader noted that "while yoga is a really great idea, accessible and great for students" the center had heard "from a couple students and volunteers that feel uncomfortable with how we are doing yoga while we claim to be inclusive at the same time."
In September of this year, the student union-run center informed them that they could no longer proceed because of "cultural issues."
Jen Scharf has been teaching yoga for about 60 students at the Center for Students with Disabilities since 2008.
Student leaders at the University of Ottawa are not backing down from a decision to cancel a free weekly yoga class over concerns about cultural appropriation — a move that is at odds with the university's own views.
Read more
Student leaders at the University of Ottawa are not backing down from a decision to cancel a free weekly yoga class over concerns about cultural appropriation — a move that is at odds with the university's own views.
Jen Scharf has been teaching yoga for about 60 students at the Center for Students with Disabilities since 2008.
In September of this year, the student union-run center informed them that they could no longer proceed because of "cultural issues."
In an email to Scharf, a student leader noted that "while yoga is a really great idea, accessible and great for students" the center had heard "from a couple students and volunteers that feel uncomfortable with how we are doing yoga while we claim to be inclusive at the same time."
The email noted that it was often sacred and spiritual practices that were taken from cultures that "have experienced oppression, cultural genocide and diasporas due to colonialism and western supremacy, and we need to be mindful of this and how we express ourselves and while practicing yoga."
Related: Canadian Music Festivals Are Banning Aboriginal Headdresses as a Fashion Accessory
Scharf offered to call the class "mindful stretching" to reflect its content and to distance it from any controversy over appropriation but that idea was rejected because the words couldn't be accurately translated into French.
"It was presented to me as a mish-mash of increasingly desperate and non-sensical arguments," said Scharf in an interview. "It's getting to the point where these initially well-intentioned social justice warriors are saying things that don't even make sense anymore."
Meanwhile, on Monday, the University of Ottawa distanced itself from the student union's decision, tweeting that free yoga classes are still available on campus.
"We don't even know all the facts, and we're leaving that up to them," said media relations manager Néomie Duval, adding classes had already been scheduled for December, in time for exam season. "Yoga is good for our students' well-being, and that's what we're sticking with."
In a statement, the student union said the yoga program, which had never been reviewed before, was "put on hold to allow the service center to do proper consultation amongst themselves, with service center users, and others interested, and this is needed to provide better programming."
Yoga is still available at — uOttawa (@uOttawa)November 23, 2015
In an interview with Radio-Canada, student union president Roméo Ahimakin said consultations would be aimed at making the classes more accessible and inclusive.
"We are trying to have those sessions done in a way in which students are aware of where the spiritual and cultural aspects come from, so that these sessions are done in a respectful manner," they said.
Scharf, who started practicing yoga at 16, says they found early on that far too many instructors were teaching "from a place of egotistical gratification," and that their goal as an instructor was always to do the opposite.
"I feel like I can set that example as something for people to aspire to, rather than somebody in a leotard who is appropriating these practices for maybe dubious reasons," said Scharf. "Those people are out there who are ... making claims they can't substantiate and overstating their expertise."
"I acknowledge that I don't have any business calling myself 'enlightened' or saying I'm an expert in yoga,' they said. "I'm not talking about Ayurveda, I'm not talking about ancient scripture — I'm talking exclusively about how to do the physical postures."
Follow Tamara Khandaker on Twitter: @anima_tk
[Spoiler Alert] We're about to dive deep into Mr. Robot episode 8 (eps3.7dont-delete-me.ko). While this series focuses on technical elements in the show, at times, it can't help but spoil narrative too. Don't continue until you've watched the episode.
I'm not too masculine to admit it … this week's episode had this information security (InfoSec) geek tearing up.
LATEST IN A SERIES: Corey Nachreiner, CTO at Seattle-based WatchGuard Technologies, is reviewing episodes of Mr. Robot on GeekWire. The show airs on the USA Network on Wednesdays at 10 p.m. Join the conversation on Twitter using #MrRobotRewind, and follow Corey @SecAdept.
Wednesday's Mr. Robot episode was less about hacks and plot development, and more about building a character journey — specifically, Elliot's. There were zero hacks in the episode, and meager computer time. While this fact did make for one of the most beautiful and redeeming character arcs, it does make it hard for this Mr. Robot Rewind article series, which is designed to analyze the hacking accuracy of each show.
However, like Elliot, I'm no quitter (I have kids that keep me happy to be alive too). Even without hacks, there were a few interesting security-related technologies, and even hacking metaphors that we can wring out of this episode. Let's take a look.
Deletion and destruction – backing up Trenton and Mobley
Early in the episode, you see Elliot going through two processes you've seen them do before; making music CDs and doing their super secure computer “wipe down” process.
First, while talking about deletion in their head, Elliot takes their folders on Trenton and Mobley and adds them to their “music CD collection.” You probably remember Elliot's ingenious music CD collection from Season 1. Like a weird “serial hacker,” Elliot seems to enjoy keeping some memento of the data or evidence about people he's hacked (and remember, they admit they hack everyone, including their friends). However, keeping this data is dangerous, since it constitutes evidence if he's ever caught.
However, Elliot has a great way of hiding this data in plain sight. They burn it, along with real music, to a CD, which they label as a music album. In fact, though I never detailed this process in my Rewind articles (I personally missed it the first time), in the past you've seen Elliot use a real program called DeepSound to hide this data on the music CDs.
If you haven't heard of it, DeepSound is a steganography program that hides data in music. The CDs Elliot burned only appear to contain musical tracks on the surface. However, using this program, Elliot could extract the files he's hidden within each track whenever they want. If authorities ever arrested Elliot and found their “music” collection, even if they checked it, they would only find music.
Anyway, the reason I remind you of this smart process is because we do see Elliot make musically labeled CDs for both Trenton and Mobley this episode, but they seem to forget their steganography process. During the scene, Elliot makes a CD titled “Bruce Springsteen Magic” for Trenton (Shama Biswas), and “DJ Mobley” for Mobley (Sunil Markesh). While everything they do from their Linux Mint machine is totally technically accurate, we never see the DeepSound program. In fact, they don't even add music to the CD as well. They simply burn the files to a CD normally.
I found this a bit strange since it could potentially come back to haunt Elliot later. Now, if authorities found their CD collection, these two are unprotected and could tip someone off that the CDs are more than they appear to be. They could even look harder at the discs that are protected with steganography, and perhaps find their other hidden files. I'm not sure if the showrunners simply chose to leave out DeepSound references as a pacing choice, or if this was an intentional mistake by Elliot they plan to use later. In any case, while this CD creation process might have looked similar to what you've seen them do in the past, know that they seem to have missed a big step, and did not hide those files well on their musically labeled CDs.
After making the CDs, Elliot also goes through a second process we've seen before; their super secure, yet destructive, wipe down process. This is where they essentially destroy many aspects of their computer. You've seen Elliot and Fsociety do these wipe downs before, and they make technical sense (even if some aspects are overly paranoid).
For instance, we've discussed before that simply deleting a file from your hard drive isn't going to eliminate it immediately. Instead, your operating system has essentially just removed its reference to that file. For the file to really be gone, your computer has to overwrite all the different sectors on your hard drive where the file was actually stored. That's why when Elliot really wants to “securely” delete something, they use the shred command, which literally overwrites a file repeatedly to ensure it's gone. During Elliot's wipe down process, they take the extra step of drilling their hard drive to make it even harder to recover data from.
This whole process makes sense if you are a paranoid, criminal hacker. That said, a good “shred,” with many overwrite passes probably would have done the job without the need to physically destroy the hard drive.
You might've also noticed Elliot snap their computer RAM. On the surface, this might seem less necessary, even to a technical person. Computer RAM, after all, is volatile memory, which means it loses its data once you remove power. However, there's actually a good reason for this too. RAM, while volatile, takes a little bit of time (seconds, milliseconds) to forget what it stored. However, researchers recently found that if you freeze RAM, this “data remanence” lasts longer. At super low temperatures, volatile RAM might retain its memory for a few minutes without power. This leads to what security researchers called a cold boot attack, where attackers recover important and useful information from your RAM, even after your computer powers off (here are a few references). Now, this attack still requires the attacker to cool the memory while your computer is still on and the attacker only has a few minutes to recover data, but it's possible. So, you can see why Elliot might want to destroy it.
The rest of Elliot's actions — removing certain chips and nuking them — have equally plausible technical rationale, but are still a bit overly paranoid. I'm guessing they might have removed a network Ethernet chip to destroy this computer's hardware address (MAC address), and they may have also wanted to destroy any other volatile memory locations on the motherboard itself (like the BIOS chip). Frankly, there's not a lot there worth hiding.
In the end, however, Elliot's pointed destruction of all the data storage aspects of a computer makes good technical sense for a criminal hacker with really strong OpSec.
A Kid's Social Engineering Saved Elliot's Life
[Major spoiler] The bulk of these episodes was not at all about hacking, but a touching story of redemption about how Trenton's little brother, Mohammed, saved Elliot from committing suicide. Ironically, however, I think Elliot got hacked by a kid.
During this long sequence of scenes, Mohammed tries to get Elliot to take them to a movie. Elliot refuses because he's got an important thing to do (go back to the beach and OD on morphine). However, when Elliot brings Mohammed home, their parents are gone and they appear locked out. As you know, this is how Mohammed finally convinces Elliot to take them to a movie, which later leads to a beautiful scene where Elliot sees some things in a new light at a mosque.
After that, Elliot returns Mohammed home again, where they have more touching interaction at the doorstep. However, Elliot also learns that Mohammed had the keys to get in the whole time. They had conned—or socially engineered—Elliot into that movie, and ultimately all the interactions that made them realize they have reasons to live. The student becomes the hacker master.
Proton Secure Email
In the final scene of this episode, we do get a few more accurate technical shout-outs. First, we see Elliot login to ProtonMail.
If you haven't heard of it, ProtonMail is a really secure and encrypted email service. Normal email isn't encrypted and is relatively easy to intercept online. You can find plenty of tools, like PGP, that can encrypt normal email, but they're harder to use for the everyday person. ProtonMail, on the other hand, is free and easy. It offers very secure, end-to-end email encryption, and even allows anonymous accounts. This little detail is a nice, and technically accurate, touch.
One other aside … ProtonMail is actually created by researchers at CERN, a European nuclear research organization. You know CERN for creating the world's largest particle accelerator, the Large Hadron Collider. If you've kept up with this article series, you know that a device whiterose visited in the season premiere looked very similar to a large particle accelerator. We still don't know for sure what that device was, and it may not relate to this scene at all, but I just found this to be an interesting coincidence.
Trenton's Email Reveals the Undo Button
Logging onto ProtonMail was just a way for us to get to the final reveal and cliffhanger from this episode —Trenton's email. Turns out the person Trenton trusts was Elliot. In the final scene, Elliot opens their email, and you see the entire thing, which I've shared below.
Trenton felt they had found a way that Fsociety might undo the entire 5/9 hack, which encrypted all of E Corps financial records. This email reveals how. Apparently, Trenton was investigating Romero—the OG Fsociety hacker who was shot last season. They probably did so in order to monitor how much the New York Police might be learning about Fsociety after Romero's death (whether or not they stumbled onto any evidence that would give others away).
Through this research, they learned that Romero had installed hardware keyloggers on all the Fsociety computers at the arcade hideout. A hardware keylogger is small a device you put between a keyboard and computer, which captures and stores every keystroke typed onto that computer (these KeyGrabbers are good examples). Even though the Fsociety team had “wiped down” all the computers in the arcade (similar to what Elliot did in this episode), hardware keyloggers are small enough that Romero may have subtly removed them during that process.
So why are those keyloggers relevant? If Fsociety built the entire 5/9 attack and malware at the arcade, it is possible that those keyloggers contain something that might help disclose the encryption key necessary to recover all of E Corp's records. Specifically, Darlene was responsible for writing the malware that encrypted all the files, and deleted the encryption key afterward. If the keyloggers caught them writing that source, then they may be able to retrieve the keys necessary to recover the data, and reverse 5/9.
If you remember, this confirms a prediction I've had since the first season of the show. In my Rewind articles about the season 1 finale, I mentioned how weird I thought it was that the showrunners “encrypted” E Corp's data rather than deleting it. Ever since then, I've been predicting that E Corp's data would make a comeback somehow, including in my predictions for this season (prediction 2). Trenton's email suggests that this prediction might come true!
Right now, Romero's encrypted keyloggers are sitting in evidence storage at some NYPD (or maybe FBI) facility. Elliot needs to find out how to hack their way into a secure evidence location and how to get the password necessary to access Romero's encrypted keyloggers. I've read that the showrunners promise at least one more complex hack this season. I predict that hack will be on the NYPD.
Easter Eggs and odds ‘n' ends
Though it was a hack-light episode, the Mr. Robot ARG team still hid a few surprises here and there:
If you've followed past episode Easter eggs, you might remember the Red Wheelbarrow BBQ web site. Visiting that fake site, you'll notice it appears to be “hacked” with a calling card left on the front page. There's a fun little message on that calling card (from Elliot… Darlene?) painting some white roses red.
At the beginning of the episode, you see Elliot reading a Vox article about their lost friends, who have been set up to appear like Iranian hacktivists. The whoismrrobot site has posted a link where you can peruse the full article.
The big reveal this episode was Trenton's email. Would you like your own copy? You see their email address during that shot. Why not email it and see what happens?
Finally, the show's deletion-related title played a big role this week. It has obvious relevance to the way Elliot deleted data and destroyed their computer, but the theme played out throughout other aspects of the episode. Digital data (files, encryption keys, etc.) can sometimes come back if not deleted properly. It was also fun seeing Elliot try to delete Mr. Robot by dumping their jacket, only to see it return later.
Learning from Mr. Robot: Make sure to destroy your data
In an episode about deletion, the best practical security takeaway is to adopt at least some of Elliot's paranoia about data destruction. If you ever get rid of an old computer, I don't think you need to pull out the power drill or nuke all your microchips. However, realize that remnants of data on your storage drive still stick around for a bit if you delete data normally. Before you throw away or sell a computer with a hard drive, be sure to use various utilities (like Shred) to securely wipe all your data for good, so that even forensic data recovery programs can't salvage it. Otherwise, the next owner might gain access to your files, personal photos and more. If you work for a business, do know there are services for hardware data destruction, which will take your computers and hard drives and wipe them clean, even using physically destructive methods like Elliot's.
So, that's it for another relatively hack-less episode. However, it's likely this trend will turn. I think the final two episodes of the season will explode with hacks. Be sure to join me next week with another Mr. Robot Rewind. Meanwhile, I'd love to hear your thoughts and comments below.
Several MMA managers expressed disappointment privately after nutritionist and coach Mike Dolce said on yesterday's episode of "The MMA Hour" that many MMA managers are doing a disservice to their clients. To recap:
"These managers are charging the athletes 20 percent," Dolce said, "just to answer a phone call from Joe Silva to get one opponent's name, to then call the athlete and say, you're fighting Johnny So-and-So. And then the manager then takes 20 percent out of that. And then the athlete doesn't have enough money to pay for a world-class coaching staff that will properly prepare them ..."
"UFC athletes don't need managers, they need lawyers," they continued. "When you can hire a lawyer to do contract review and negotiation for a few hundred to a few thousand dollars and then be done and not have to give 20 percent of all their earning in perpetuity, like these managers and agents."
One manager who wanted to respond publicly to Dolce was Mike Constantino of MVC Management, who has been an MMA manager for six years, working with the likes of Dan and Jim Miller, Khabib Nurmagomedov, Jamie Varner, Charlie Brenneman, and many more.
Constantino reached out to MMAFighting.com on Tuesday to provide the following response to Dolce:
I love Mike Dolce as a coach and diet guru and consider them a friend, but they could not be more off base with the following statement:
"These managers are charging the athletes 20 percent," Dolce said, "Just to answer a phone call from Joe Silva to get one opponent's name, to then call the athlete and say, you're fighting Johnny So-and-So. And then the manager then takes 20 percent out of that. And then the athlete doesn't have enough money to pay for a world-class coaching staff that will properly prepare them"
I take great offense to that as a manager. That is as much as a blanket statement as someone saying, "Who needs a diet guru? Go do an internet search."
I agree with Mike's statement that if you are simply answering a phone call from,"Joe Silva to get one opponent's name, to then call the athlete and say, you're fighting Johnny So-and-So," it is not worth any percent for that matter but to take one sliver out of a job description is as much as me saying you don't need to pay a diet guru 20 percent to buy your groceries. Furthermore percentage paid can vary from 5 percent and up, depending on what service is actually provided. Look at what Team Takedown did: they get a higher percentage, but they invested so much in their athletes and now they all are rewarded together. Should they not take their percentage now when the fighter is the champ and they are only taking an incoming phone call from Joe Silva? I think what they did was great and it was a huge investment and now a rewarding payoff.
However, those two minor details are not the full job description of a good manager or a world-class diet guru. A good manager is the one that can do something for the fighter when they are a pro debut or even more seasoned at three or four fights and is able to get them sponsorships, fights (harder to do when your fighter is 0-3 and as a maaner you stick with him) help build their career, guide them through the murky waters that is MMA, including coaches, promoters and leeches who want to attach themselves to fighters once they are established and are nowhere to be found with the 0-4 guy or the new kid.
A good manager will help the fighter get what they want and needs for free, such as: chiropractic, massage, tattoos, clothing, and equipment, anything that they need. As a manager, my fighters know that in any situation I have their back. Whether it is to put on a suit and go to a meeting or step outside in the street, no one will ever take advantage of any of my fighters.
There are 7-0 fighters from every country around the world trying to get signed by the UFC and I would think that a good manager that has relationships would be highly valued by the fighter at this point in their career as well as earlier when they were 2-0 and also had many of the above mentioned perks compared to another fighter on the same level at 2-0 who has no gas money to get to the actual fight. I would think a manager is worth their due there.
This industry is full of shady characters on all fronts including coaches, managers and fighters but to slander the role of a GOOD "manager" with a blanket statement is unjust for the guys like myself who do much more than just answer a phone call.
Many consumer goods companies have environmental initiatives. Think of Dell's e-waste recycling program , for example. Or P&G's commitment to 100 percent renewable energy. Or the Chevy Volt , even.
But, as laudable as these are, you might argue they are secondary to a larger problem. All these companies still want us to buy more product. If a consumer goods company truly wanted to be sustainable, they might suggest that we consume a little less, or at least price their goods at a cost that reflects their true impact.
Which is a crazy idea, of course. What company would ask us to consume less of their things, and make their stuff deliberately more expensive?
We realized that what was really needed was a mutual responsibility between company and customer for the full lifecycle of stuff.
Patagonia, for one. The Californian apparel company, last month launched an initiative encouraging their customers to reduce, repair, reuse, and recycle their clothing and equipment. Their ad even features the line: “Reduce what you buy,” in bold caps, much like something out of an anti-capitalism rally.
“We realized that what was really needed was a mutual responsibility between
company and customer for the full lifecycle of stuff,” Rick Ridgeway, Patagonia's environment VP. “So we would try to reduce the amount of stuff that people buy, fixing products if they were broken, and asking people to clean out their garages and closets, so that if you have clothes you are no longer using, you put them back into circulation.”
As part of its Common Threads scheme, Patagonia offers to repair its clothes (for a “reasonable” fee) on a 10-day turnaround. It also will help you sell its clothes via an eBay channel or at Patagonia.com.
After it was launched at New York fashion week last month, some commentators described the initiative as an inspired piece marketing that would cement customer loyalty and reinforce the message that Patagonia apparel is long-lasting and worth holding onto.
Updated 11pm
INDEPENDENT TD CLARE Daly has been released from Limerick Prison after spending around an hour and a half there tonight.
They were jailed for refusing to pay a fine for breaching the fence at Shannon Airport.
Them Dáil colleague and fellow campaigner Mick Wallace was also arrested and taken to the prison earlier.
The Wexford deputy was given temporary release on condition of good behaviour at 4pm, having been processed by the Irish Prison Service.
Daly only entered the prison shortly after 9pm, and was given temporary release after 10.30pm.
Court case
Wallace and Daly were told they faced the prospect of jail terms after declaring they would not pay fines of €4,000 imposed on them by a judge in Ennis in April.
The two TDs were found guilty of breaching airport regulations when entering a restricted area at Shannon on 22 July 2014 and each fined €2,000. Both said they would not pay.
Speaking to RTÉ Radio 1′s Drivetime from outside Limerick Prison earlier evening, Wallace said they were not kept in a cell but in a room in the facility for a number of hours.
“Nothing [happened] really,” they said. “I was just taken in for a few hours and they told me I was being let go. It's called temporary release, as far as I know.”
With reporting from Daragh Brophy.
Rolling Stone magazine has apologized for a damning article documenting an alleged brutal gang rape at the University of Virginia and admitted its trust in the source was 'misplaced'.
It comes as Phi Kappa Psi fraternity issued a statement revealing it did not have a party the night of the alleged rape and it did not have a member who was a 'lifeguard' at the time.
The horrifying account, saw a current junior identified only as 'Jackie', claim they were assaulted by a seven Phi Kappa Psi brothers - one of which was a lifeguard - after accepting an invitation to a 'date night' function at the house.
But on Friday Rolling Stone Managing Editor Will Dana apologized in a letter to readers, admitting there were discrepancies in Jackie's account about the incident at the Charlottesville, Virginia school and saying that the magazine has now 'come to the conclusion that our trust in them was misplaced.'
Scroll down for video
Rolling Stone magazine has apologized for trusting the subject of rape article after the University of Virginia fraternity revealed they did not have a party the night of alleged rape and no 'lifeguard' is a member. Pictured: Students walk to campus past the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house
On Friday Rolling Stone Managing Editor Will Dana apologized in a letter (pictured) to readers, admitting there were discrepancies in Jackie's account about the incident at the Charlottesville, Virginia school and saying that the magazine has now 'come to the conclusion that our trust in them was misplaced'
On Friday afternoon, Phi Kappa Psi released a statement denying the attack took place in its house.
The fraternity said that it was working with police, but said it had found out several aspects of the account were inaccurate - it said Phi Kappa Psi did not host party the night of the alleged assault.
The statement said the fraternity had reviewed 'the 2012 roster of employees at the Aquatic and Fitness Center does not list a Phi Kappa Psi as a lifeguard. As far as we have determined, no member of our fraternity worked there in any capacity during this time period.'
Phi Kappa Psi said the house does not have pledges during the fall semester - Jackie claimed they were allegedly raped as part of a initiation pledge - it stated 'no ritualized sexual assault is part of our pledging or initiation process. This notion is vile, and we vehemently refute this claim.'
Tagged: The house was sprayed with graffiti hours after the Rolling Stone article was published detailing the gang-rape allegations against the fraternity
Some of the subject's friends, told the Washington Post, they believe Jackie did endure a traumatizing incident, but parts of their account do not add up.
They said Jackie told them for the first time the alleged attacker's name recently, but no-one by that name has been a member of Phi Kappa Psi - it turned out to be similar to the name of a student who belongs to a different fraternity, and no one by that name has been a member of Phi Kappa Psi.
In an interview with the Washington Post, Jackie admitted they did not know if their main attacker actually was a member of Phi Kappa Psi.
'He never said they were in Phi Psi. I know it was Phi Psi because a year afterward my friend pointed out the building to me and said that's where it happened,' they told the newspaper.
But they said they were positive the attack happened at the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house.
'DOUBTS OF ACCURACY': UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA'S STATEMENT IN FULL 'Over the past two weeks the Virginia Alpha Chapter of Phi Kappa Psi has been working tirelessly and openly with the Charlottesville Police Department as they investigate the allegations detailed in the November 19, 2012 Rolling Stone article. We continue to be shocked by the allegations and saddened by this story. We have no knowledge of these alleged acts being committed at our house or by our members. Anyone who commits any form of sexual assault, wherever or whenever, should be identified and brought to justice. 'In tandem with the Charlottesville Police Department's investigation, the Chapter's undergraduate members have made efforts to contribute with internal fact-finding. Our initial doubts as to the accuracy of the article have only been strengthened as alumni and undergraduate members have delved deeper. 'Given the ongoing nature of the criminal investigation, which we fully support, we do not feel it would be appropriate at this time to provide more than the following: 'First, the 2012 roster of employees at the Aquatic and Fitness Center does not list a Phi Kappa Psi as a lifeguard. As far as we have determined, no member of our fraternity worked there in any capacity during this time period. 'Second, the Chapter did not have a date function or a social event during the weekend of September 28th, 2012. 'Third, our Chapter's pledging and initiation periods, as required by the University and Inter-Fraternity Council, take place solely in the spring semester and not in the fall semester. 'We document the initiation of new members at the end of each spring. Moreover, no ritualized sexual assault is part of our pledging or initiation process. This notion is vile, and we vehemently refute this claim. 'It is our hope that this information will encourage people who may know anything relevant to this case to contact the Charlottesville Police Department as soon as possible. In the meantime, we will continue to assist investigators in whatever way we can.'
The international fall-out from the report on one of University of Virginia's most illustrious fraternities was extremely damaging - it accused the school of repeatedly hushing up sexual assault victims in order to protect their reputation and the fraternity house was sprayed with graffiti reading 'Suspend us!' and 'UVA Center for RAPE Studies'.
University president Teresa Sullivan promised a full investigation and said it would examine the way the school responds to sexual assault allegations.
In a statement today about the article, titled 'A Rape on Campus' by Sabrina Rubin Erdely, Managing Editor Will Dana wrote: 'Because of the sensitive nature of Jackie's story, we decided to honor their request not to contact the man they claimed orchestrated the attack on them nor any of the men they claimed participated in the attack for fear of retaliation against them
'In the months Erdely spent reporting the story, Jackie neither said nor did anything that made Erdely, or Rolling Stone's editors and fact-checkers, question Jackie's credibility.
'Her friends and rape activists on campus strongly supported Jackie's account. They had spoken of the assault in campus forums.
'We reached out to both the local branch and the national leadership of the fraternity where Jackie said they were attacked.
'They responded that they couldn't confirm or deny their story but had concerns about the evidence.
But they added after receiving new information, the pop culture magazine was led to conclude it needed to issue an apology.
'We were trying to be sensitive to the unfair shame and humiliation many women feel after a sexual assault and now regret the decision to not contact the alleged assaulters to get their account,' wrote Dana.
'We are taking this seriously and apologize to anyone who was affected by the story.'
In the piece published last month, it was claimed that Jackie decided not to press charges when the incident first happened, but they felt they needed to go public with their story after hearing from two other women who were gang raped at the fraternity, which counts President Woodrow Wilson as one of their distinguished alumni.
In their account they spoke of the difficulty in breaking their silence, and said in some cases it was met with opposition by their friends at UVA.
'One of my roommates said, 'Do you want to be responsible for something that's gonna paint UVA in a bad light?''' Jackie told the magazine.
'But I said, 'UVA has flown under the radar for so long, someone has to say something about it, or else it's gonna be this system that keeps perpetuating!'
'My friend just said, 'You have to remember where your loyalty lies.''
In the account Jackie claimed they were just a few weeks into their first-year student year at UVA when they met a junior boy named Drew, through their shifts working as lifeguards at the university pool.
When Drew asked them out to dinner and a 'date night' function at their fraternity, Jackie claimed they accepted and spent three hours getting ready for the night out on September 28, 2012.
Back at the fraternity house after dinner, they claimed the two spent some time at the party before Drew asked if they wanted to go upstairs where it was quieter.
A member of the audience holds a sign during a board of visitors meeting about sexual assault at the University of Virginia on November 25, 2014 in Charlottesville following the damning article's publication
The meeting was called after the magazine published the article describing a woman's account of a brutal gang rape, and what the magazine called a hidden culture of sexual violence at the school
Members of the audience hold signs during a board of visitors meeting in November
But when Drew led them into their bedroom and shut the door, the room was pitch black and they could hear others moving around. That's when the nightmare started, they claimed.
They said a man tackled them down and onto a glass table which shattered and tore up their back.
Others held them down and for the next three hours, they lay helpless as seven men allegedly raped them while two others, including their date Drew, watched and gave direction.
They claimed the men swigged beers and called each other nicknames like 'Armpit' and 'Blanket'.
Jackie claimed they were able to identiy the last man who assaulted them from their anthropology discussion group, and their friends started taunting them because they couldn't get an erection, asking 'What, she's not hot enough for you?' and 'Don't you want to be a brother?'
Scandal: The Rolling Stone article accused the school of repeatedly hushing up sexual assault victims in order to protect their reputation. An aerial view of the campus, designed by Thomas Jefferson, above
When Jackie came to at 3am, the room was deserted but the party was still going on downstairs. They claimed they fled the house in their bloodied dress, barefoot because they were too afraid to look around for them shoes.
They said they then called their three best friends at the time, two guys and a girl, who found them beaten and in shock.
While their friends were distraught at their condition, they claimed they debated calling the police fearing the impact it would have on Jackie's and their reputation (the two boys wanted to rush a fraternity).
The school was also the focus of a recent missing persons case involving 18-year-old Hannah Graham (pictured). Graham went missing last September after a night out with friends, and their remains were found several weeks later
They claimed they finally opened up to Dean Nicole Eramo, the head of UVA's Sexual Misconduct Board, but they were told they could go to the police with their story, or treat the incident internally by either filing a complaint with the school's Sexual Misconduct Board, or sit down for an informal resolution' with their attackers in a meeting mediated by Eramo.
Jackie said they decided on neither option, and claimed Dean Eramo did not open an investigation into the fraternity.
They told the magazine they were now coming forward two years later, because they had recently discovered that two other women experienced similar assaults at Phi Kappa Psi.
The first account came from a woman who graduated in 2013 who said they were raped by a group of men at the house when they were a first-year student.
The other was a first-year whose friends called Jackie one night when they came back to their apartment wearing no pants, and said she'd been attacked by four men in the Phi Kappa Psi bathroom while another watched.
Perhaps most startling about the allegations is what Dean Eramo allegedly said in a meeting with Jackie last May.
Jackie claimed they and their friend Alex went to speak with Eramo in their office, and Eramo said that they heard it 'through the grapevine' that 'all the boys involved [in the gang rape] had graduated'.
Jackie claimed that was false since they saw one of their attackers on a campus riding a bike recently.
In a statement posted to the school's website following the accusations, UVA President Teresa A Sullivan said that the school has asked the Charlottesville police to investigate a fraternity based on new details from the article.
Hosting canvas.place is pretty costly for us, so any donation helps us ensure that canvas.place stays up and running.
Donate to canvas.place and receive perks
While every donation is appreciated, users who donate 5.00 USD (American Dollars) or more will receive the following perks:
The ability to place any colour you want
A special donor badge for your profile
If this sounds good to you, you can donate using PayPal by clicking the button below:
Once you've donated (or if you already have), go fill out this form with the details of your transaction, and you will receive your donor privileges once we validate your purchase.
Perks listed may change at any time, most likely to add more. Donations and donors are still subject to the Terms of Service initially agreed upon at sign up. Charging back your donation will result in being barred from applying for donor privileges in the future, and a revocation of pixels placed. Upon charge back, we also may ban your account if deemed necessary at our own discretion. Donor refunds are at our own discretion and will not be given 30 days after purchase, and may result in the loss of pixels with custom colours placed, and loss of donor privileges going forward. Purchase validation is usually completed within 24 hours, and should never exceed 7 days, but may take longer than that. If your validation is taking unusually long (over 48 hours), contact us and we'll help you sort it out.
Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott had a rookie campaign for the ages, rushing for a league-best 1,631 yards and 15 touchdowns, earning them Rookie of the Year and first-team All-Pro honors.
The star running back can add another job title to their resume: signature expert, and the one he's an expert on is their own.
Elliott called out several people on Twitter that were trying to sell memorabilia they claimed was signed by the former Ohio State standout.
Related Myles Garrett skipping the draft could be business decision
Ezekiel Elliott Autographed Signed Ohio State Dallas Cowboys Mini Helmet COA & Hologram by.. https://t.co/nitQVXSPka — kittenbargain #fb (@kittenbargain) February 9, 2017
Then this…
Ezekiel Elliott Autographed Signed Ohio State 8 x 10 Photo – Near Mint Condition – COA by Nostalgic.. https://t.co/XO9ZMZcSPN — resultminutes1 (@resultminutes1) February 10, 2017
Elliott then had to break the news to a fan, who asked them to authenticate a recent gift they got for Christmas.
@EzekielElliott hey, saw you call out that account for a fake autographed helmet, received this one for xmas, please tell me real! pic.twitter.com/VxpaOnVxJY — Blake Nelsen (@Bliz2DaIz) February 10, 2017
Perhaps Elliott will send this guy a real piece of autographed memorabilia. But to be fair, that signature is way too clean to be that of an athlete. Red flag No. 1.
â€¦over.
For instance, I have my run through Dark Soulsâ€™s Undead Burg and Parish plotted perfectly. From the bonfire in the burg, I sneak out and axe the sniper in the back before taking out the two soldiers on the stairs with my short sword. I cross halfway across the bridge to lure out the next soldier before rolling back to avoid the firebombs. Parry their thrust; leap forward with two thrusts as a counter attack.
And so it continues from the bonfire to the spiral staircase leading up to the castle wall where once the giant demon had me blocked. But I defeated it, eventually, and now my path continues uninterrupted all the way up into the Undead Parishâ€”where other, more powerful beasts still block my path. Instead, I run this path between the burg and the parish over and over. I know where every enemy is, precisely how to take out each one with minimal damage to my self. I run the gauntlet then return to the bonfire, rest to respawn the enemies and my health potions, and do it again. And again. And again. I stab with my short sword, parry with my shield, swing double-handedly with my battle axe.
But the repetition does not mean I can stop thinking. Every single enemy on this path can kill me and, at one time or another, every single enemy on this path probably has killed me. Sometimes, in my rush to gather more souls, I jump in to attack too swiftly and find myself deservingly impaled. Then I die. Return to the bonfire. Respawn. And do it again.
Itâ€™s grinding, right? I cant beat the next boss so I fight the same enemies over and over and over trying to collect a few more souls so I can grow that little bit stronger and afford equipment that is a little bit better. As someone who never played the preceding Demonâ€™s Souls very much, this alarmed me. In all the accolades people shower on these games, the fact you spend the majority of your time grinding to get anywhere seems to go unmentioned.
Yet, as I grind, it never feels like a chore. Despite walking over the same paths enough times to leave smoothed footprints in the cobblestone, I never really feel like I am repeating myself. I am always progressing. Or, conversely, I never was progressing in the first place.
This is partly due to how Dark Souls trains the player. Leveling up your character is secondary to leveling up yourself. The game teaches you very little about what your character is capable of or how you should act in battle, and you must figure out the intricacies of counter-attacks, defending, parrying, and the like for yourself. At first, on my path through the Undead Burg, I could hardly hope to make it through all the enemies alive. Now I can do it without being hit once. Not because my character has gained experienceâ€”because I have.
But whether Iâ€™m training myself or my character, itâ€™s still grinding. I think there is something else at play in Dark Souls that makes this most taboo of play styles not only acceptable but engrossing. Something more than personal training. Specifically, I think it has something to do with how Dark Souls treats time. Or, more specifically, how it doesnâ€™t.
Dark Souls does something weird to time, to temporality. Unlike most games, â€˜whenâ€™ you are has no correlation to â€˜whereâ€™ you are. That is not to say there is time travel in Dark Souls. Rather, the opposite: there is no time in Dark Souls. This is Limbo. Purgatory. The world of Dark Souls is as undead and between-worlds as its occupants. Itâ€™s stagnant.
You get this in the gameplay already outlined above. You rest at a bonfire, and enemies respawn; you die, and you respawn at the bonfire sans all the souls you were carrying, but you can travel to where you died and retrieve your lost souls. In most games, character-death means rewinding time and rejecting any effort the player put in between the last checkpoint and the death. Some games, though, manage to give this feeling of constant progression even after the character dies. In Braid, by controlling the rewinding of time itself, the playerâ€™s input still feels as though it is constantly progressing. In Grand Theft Auto IV, you donâ€™t â€œgo backâ€ to the hospital when you are wasted; you go forward; you still used up your ammo, day still turned into night. In Dark Souls, you did die, your bloodstain and your souls are right there where it happened, undeniable.
But more than this is the world of Dark Souls and its sparse characters. The overgrown forests. The crumbling ruins. The undead towns. I canâ€™t believe any of these places were ever any different than they are now. Undead Burg was never a populated village; it was always a zombie-infested ruin. Everythingâ€”everyoneâ€”is as it always was and always will be. A knight sits contently in front of a giant gate, waiting for it to open. You canâ€™t help but think they have been sitting there since before time began. Another knight tells you they are taking a small breakâ€”he never moves on. The blacksmith bangs their anvil at a stead beat for ever. And ever. And ever.
The air itselfâ€”the mist hanging between the world and the never-moving sunâ€”has a stagnancy about it. It makes me think of fantasy worlds like Wonderland. Itâ€™s timeless in the most literal sense. You stumble across a merchant selling their wares off a rug in the middle of Undead Burg in the way you might stumble across a mad hatter having a tea party. These beings donâ€™t feel like they have day-to-day lives but just this one, endless, eternal, cyclical event. They are doing this thing in the world over and over and over. Not even that. Doing something over and over suggests beginnings and endings. These characters are just doing it neverendingly.
And, well, so are you. Walking over that same path over and over. Sure, you are getting better at it and your character is getting stronger, but you are still doing it over and over. That is the point of Dark Souls, I feel: to be in Limbo, to be just another lost, undead soul wandering a stagnant world.
People have told me Dark Souls is about the journey, not the destination. I think this is more true than they realize. I canâ€™t imagine Dark Souls even has an ending. Partly, this is because story-wise I wouldnâ€™t have a clue what is actually going on or what my goal is. And, partly, because there is little hope of me ever actually finishing it. Even as I progress from one area into the next when I finally defeat a boss, the singular open-world nature of the game steals even a sense of spatial progression away from me. It still feels like I am trapped in the same place, even when I move on. Dark Souls is about the journey. One long, neverending journey.
And so grinding is okay. That is my purgatory. Not just mechanically but thematically. Some souls sell wares off rugs. Some souls drum hammers onto anvils. Some souls run the same paths ad infinitum, defeating the same enemies over and over andâ€¦
Amy lives in Vermont and has a 20-miles commute to their job as a teacher for inmates at a state prison. This bicycle will be their daily companion for that commute as well as some light touring on the weekends, and everything in between. They will discover little details about their new commuter for years to come.
Sacha fabricated a custom bar/stem combo with integrated braking. A mini head badge, filled with red, accenting the bar. The custom bend matches the bend of the riders wrists so they won't feel twisted in or out when riding which means less fatigue.
Just below the bars sits a Schmidt dynamo driven Super Nova LED lamp mounted to the fender with a custom bracket of our own design. All of the wiring is run internally to keep it clean both in look and function.
Sacha employed an integrated seat mast for ease in connecting the rear lamp, custom mounted under the Brooks saddle, to the power supply.
A frame mounted pump, fenders and rear rack are all necessities for any commuter, of course.
Amy liked the clean, modern look of the Speedvagen machines. Sacha chose to use the Speedvagen seat stays to hug the rear fender and swoop gently into a pair of stainless steel Vanilla dropouts on this fillet brazed frame. Minimal branding, on the bars and chain stay, carry that sentiment to the rest of the bike.
Photographed by Bob Huff.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Monday sent a guided-missile destroyer to challenge 12-nautical-mile territorial limits that China claims around artificial islands it built in the South China Sea.
USS Lassen (DDG 82), (R) transits in formation with ROKS Sokcho (PCC 778) during exercise Foal Eagle 2015, in waters east of the Korean Peninsula, in this March 12, 2015, handout photo provided by the U.S. Navy. REUTERS/U.S. Navy/Mass Communication Specialist 1st Class Martin Wright/Handout via Reuters
A U.S. defense official said the USS Lassen was nearing Subi and Mischief reefs in the Spratly archipelago, features that were submerged at high tide before China began a massive dredging project to turn them into islands in 2014.
The Lassen would be in the area for several hours in what would be the start of a series of challenges to China's territorial claims in one of the world's busiest sea lanes, said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Earlier, the official said the ship would likely be accompanied by a U.S. Navy P-8A surveillance plane and possibly P-3 surveillance plane, which have been conducting regular surveillance missions in the region.
The patrols represent the most serious U.S. challenge yet to the 12-nautical-mile territorial limit China claims around the islands and are certain to anger Beijing, which said last month it would “never allow any country” to violate its territorial waters and airspace in the Spratlys.
The Chinese Embassy in Washington said the concept of freedom of navigation should not be used as an excuse for muscle flexing and the United States should “refrain from saying or doing anything provocative and act responsibly in maintaining regional peace and stability.”
Additional patrols would follow in coming weeks and could also be conducted around features that Vietnam and the Philippines have built up in the Spratlys, the U.S. official said.
“This is something that will be a regular occurrence, not a one-off event,” said the official. “It's not something that's unique to China.”
White House spokesperson Josh Earnest referred questions on any specific operations to the Pentagon but said the United States had made clear to China the importance of free flow of commerce in the South China Sea.
“There are billions of dollars of commerce that float through that region of the world,” Earnest told a news briefing. “Ensuring that free flow of commerce ... is critical to the global economy,” they said.
The patrols would be the first within 12 miles of the features since China began building the reefs up in 2014. The United States last went within 12 miles of Chinese-claimed territory in the Spratlys in 2012.
The decision to go ahead with the patrols follows months of deliberation and risks significantly upsetting already strained ties with China, the world's second-biggest economy, with which U.S. business and economic interests are deeply intertwined.
U.S. Congressman Randy Forbes, chairperson of the House Armed Services Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee and o-chairperson of the congressional China Caucus, praised the plan.
“The passage of U.S. vessels within 12 nautical miles of China's human-made features in the South China Sea is a necessary and overdue response to China's destabilizing behavior in the region,” Forbes said.
China claims most of the South China Sea, one of the world's busiest sea lanes, through which more than $5 trillion of world trade passes every year. Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei, the Philippines and Taiwan have rival claims.
COMPETING CLAIMS
The United States argues that under international law, building up artificial islands on previously submerged reefs does not entitle a country to claim a territorial limit and that it is vital to maintain freedom of navigation.
Washington worries that China has built up the islands with the aim of extending its military reach in the South China Sea.
The patrols would be just weeks ahead of a series of Asia-Pacific summits President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping are expected to attend in the second half of November.
Xi surprised U.S. officials after a meeting with Obama in Washington last month by saying that China had “no intention to militarize” the islands.
Even before that, however, satellite photographs had shown the construction of three military-length airstrips by China in the Spratlys, including one each on Mischief and Subi reefs.
Some U.S. officials have said that the plan for patrols was aimed in part at testing Xi's statement on militarization.
In May, the Chinese navy issued eight warnings to the crew of a U.S. P8-A Poseidon surveillance aircraft that flew near the artificial islands but not within the 12-mile limit, reported CNN, which was aboard the U.S. aircraft.
That same month, the USS Fort Worth, a littoral combat ship, “encountered multiple” Chinese warships during a patrol in the Spratly archipelago, the U.S. Navy said at the time. It did not go into detail.
Slideshow (2 Images)
In 2013, Obama ordered two B-52 bombers to fly through an Air Defense Identification Zone that China established in the East China Sea over territory contested with Japan.
Pentagon officials say the United States regularly conducts freedom-of-navigation operations around the world to challenge excessive maritime claims.
In early September, China sent naval vessels within 12 miles of the Aleutian Islands off Alaska. China said they were there as part of a routine drill following exercises with Russia.
At least six people have been killed in ongoing shooting in Kalamazoo County, Michigan, local police said, adding that a suspect has been arrested in connection with the apparently random shooting.
“We had several shootings tonight in the county and in the city of Kalamazoo. They all appear to be related. We have multiple people dead,” Kalamazoo County Undersheriff Paul Matyas told 24 Hour News 8.
News release from police chief on the #KalamazooShooting by way of Mayor Hopewell. #Kalamazoopic.twitter.com/NeORruoWGe — LJ Michelle (@ajourneyeast) February 21, 2016
Four people were killed at a Cracker Barrel restaurant, while two were killed at Seelye car dealership. At least two people have been injured in the ongoing series of incidents, Matyas told FOX 17.
ACTIVE SHOOTER: Shooter Still At Large After Shooting People; 6 Dead |https://t.co/zfhr8Qijkv via @leadstoriescompic.twitter.com/iVtX8FCm8d — Lead Stories (@LeadStoriesCom) February 21, 2016
A father and their 18-year-old son were among the victims of the shooting, local media reported.
The latest victim of the shooting spree was a 14-year-old girl, who was shot near the Cracker Barrel restaurant. They remain in serious condition.
“We have somebody who is just driving around finding people and shooting them dead in their tracks,” the officer added.
Shots fired at a 4th location. No word on if it is connected to previous shootings. Location: OP Ave pic.twitter.com/HZdFAYIU6B — Ellen Bacca (@ellenbacca) February 21, 2016
Matyas told NBC News that police seem "to be dealing with the worst case scenario... these are random murders,” Matyas said.
BREAKING in Kalamazoo Co pic.twitter.com/JzbIyd18AV — Danny Hopkins (@danny_hopkins) February 21, 2016
Authorities confirmed to the channel that they do not have a suspect in custody at this time.
Matyas said that the suspect was driving a blue Chevy HHR, while reports claimed that the shooter is driving in a light-colored GM-make SUV.
Nearly an hour after the deadly incident, police reported more shooting at OP Avenue and 6th Street in Texas Township in Kalamazoo.
BREAKING: Police are looking for a dark blue Chevy HHR in multiple fatality shootings....in Kalamazoo County. — Leon Hendrix (@LeonHendrix) February 21, 2016
The suspect is believed to have been a white male in their 50s. Deputies are asking anyone with information to call the Kalamazoo Sheriff Department.
Later, the local Police Chief confirmed to Newschannel 3 that "a strong suspect" in the shootings is currently in custody.
"We believe we have our suspect in custody." @MichStatePolice says stay vigilant, but they believe threat is over. pic.twitter.com/FSDApRTR8s — Nick Ponton (@nick_ponton) February 21, 2016
“Possible suspect apprehended without incident in downtown Kalamazoo, based on fitting the description,” Kalamazoo Department of Public Safety wrote on Facebook, adding the authorities are “continuing the investigation to confirm if the correct person is in custody.”
#BREAKING: Death tolls in Michigan shootings rises to 7 after victim shot at Kalamazoo restaurant dies of injuries pic.twitter.com/xyvdxEH08J — AlwaysActions (@AlwaysActions) February 21, 2016
Police found weapons in the suspect's vehicle and the man did not resist when approached by officers, Matyas said. Police said the arrested suspect is 45 years
“The threat to the public is over,'' they added.
Local news identified the suspect as Jason Dalton, adding that police are currently searching their home.
BREAKING: The shooting (1 of 3) at car dealership in Kalamazoo was a father & son.. completely random. Horrible. pic.twitter.com/a39IMjx0Cp — Blake Harms (@hvillewxman) February 21, 2016
Earlier local authorities reported one more drive-by shooting in Kalamazoo. A woman was taken to hospital after being shot several times, police said, adding that the shooter who managed to escape the scene of the incident is believed to be in a light-colored GM-make SUV.
The author and their father
Courtesy of Alysia Abbott
“I'm not trying to get them to grow up gay. I'm not hiding my gayness to get them to grow up straight. But they can see that there are many orientations and many ways to be. Hopefully, by the time they grow up we will have a society where those dichotomies of whether you're gay or straight, a man or a woman aren't so important. Where people can just be as they feel most natural and comfortable in being.”
In 1975, my father concluded an essay on gay fatherhood with these lines. I was 4 years old, and they were raising me alone in San Francisco. He'd described themselves as bisexual when they first met my mother in 1968. They married a year later, as self-styled revolutionaries, believing they could redefine family and gender relations. Then in 1973, my mother was killed in a car accident, and the next year my father moved us to San Francisco, where they could live openly as a gay man and raise me as a single father.
It was difficult to be a gay dad in the 1970s, even in San Francisco. The city was full of young men exploring the concept of sexual liberation, but few of these men were raising kids. And the culture at large was hostile to the idea of gays even mixing with children: In 1977, Anita Bryant successfully rolled back gay rights bills in several states with a campaign to “Save Our Children”; in 1978, California state Sen. John Briggs tried to pass Proposition 6, an initiative that, if passed, would have removed all gay and lesbian school employees, and their supporters, from their jobs. I'm told my extended family wanted to take over raising me after my mother died, but my father told them that if they even tried to take me away, they'd never see me again. They lived in fear then. And they even coached me to hide news of their boyfriends whenever I visited my grandparents in the Midwest.
But despite my father's fears, they carried hope, believing that by the time I reached adulthood, gay men and women wouldn't have to hide their romantic preferences for equal access to jobs and services, that people could one day “just be as they feel most natural and comfortable in being.” Now I'm 42, an adult for more than 20 years, and finally a version of that dream has come true. I can't help but wonder what they would think. They fought their whole life to raise the profile of gay writers and thinkers, marginalized in their time, through their work as an activist and editor. The experience of gay men and women was so beneath the scope of national concern back then that by the time AIDS began to spread across urban centers of the country in the early '80s, the Reagan administration turned its back. Conservatives such as Jesse Helms, Jerry Falwell, and Pat Buchanan believed that gay men were solely responsible for their illness and not deserving of government help. In 1983, Buchanan famously quipped, “The poor homosexuals—they have declared war upon nature, and now nature is extracting an awful retribution.”
The author and their father
Courtesy of Alysia Abbott
Gays were so closely aligned with the terrifying disease of AIDS that they were regularly targeted in random acts of violence and vandalism throughout San Francisco in the '80s. I remember riding the bus home from school and seeing “Kill Fags!” spray-painted on a billboard. Another day I saw graffiti scrawled on the back of a bus seat: “Gays—get help NOT AIDS.” I didn't want my social identity, so tentative and fragile as a teenager, associated with stigma, so I pushed myself deep into the closet. I was scared. By the time the HIV test was introduced in 1985, close to half of the gay men in San Francisco were already infected. My father was one of them, but neither they nor I were talking about it.
In 1991, my father told me they were diagnosed with full-blown AIDS and asked me to graduate college early and move home. I didn't feel ready. I was 20 years old, finally making good friends and good grades. I'd secured myself a coveted internship at a record label in New York and an apartment share in the East Village. I then worried that taking on the task of caring for my dad indefinitely would swallow up my burgeoning future. But my father had no long-term lover, no close family member who could step forward. That responsibility was mine alone. And, as they later reminded me, they didn't feel ready to care for me alone after the death of my mother, but they did it. This is how family works.
I spent the last year of my father's life nursing them in that same Haight-Ashbury apartment where they raised me before finally moving them into hospice. It was a difficult time, but one I feel fortunate to have known. I enjoyed bringing my father special meals they couldn't get at the hospice—chocolate ice cream cones from a shop around the corner, miso soup and safe sushi (no raw fish) from our favorite Japanese restaurant. We ate these meals in their too-warm room, often sitting together in silence, with only the sound of their supping or the spoon scraping the bottom of our Styrofoam bowls. My father used to tell me they liked visiting with me above anyone else because other people needed to be entertained. “I don't always have energy to be cheered up,” he'd explain. I held their hand when they died in December 1992.
There were times in my life when I longed for the “normal” family that I saw on TV and in the parking lots of my private school. I blamed the awkwardness and loneliness I sometimes felt as a child on my mother's accident, foolishly believing my father's overwhelming grief had “turned” them gay. When I was little, I even told them that they should date women so I could get back that mother who was lost to me. But had my father done this, he'd not have been happy. And their success as a father, I now realize, was due to their ability to be happy, to love openly, and to parent in concert with, instead of in opposition to, their values and ideals.
I see this same spirit in the gay couples who want to start families today. Unlike the majority of gay parents in my father's generation, who produced children from straight marriages before coming out themselves, gay men and women who want to become parents in 2013 go to tremendous lengths to do so. They foster children, wait years for expensive adoptions, or navigate complicated surrogate relationships in order to know the pleasure of being someone's mom or dad. I envy their kids. They get to have their gay families, now recognized as legitimate before the law, and keep them, too.
Read more from Slate's coverage of gay marriage.
- 7:30 AM - Wake up with breakfast on the brain.
- 7:45 AM - Ask Mom what's for breakfast.
- 8:00 AM - Eat breakfast.
- 9:00 AM - Finish breakfast.
- 9:15 AM - Think about school and college and stuff.
- 9:30 AM - Walk around.
- 9:45 AM - Look at the baby.
- 10:45 AM - Drive to Louis's house.
- 11:00 AM - Talk with Louis about stuff-- you know, school, girls.
- 11:30 AM - Drive home with the radio on. Nice.
- 11:35 AM - Refresh SaveWalterWhite.org.
- 11:37 AM - Remember that Dad was found naked in a convenience store once. Stupid gambling problem.
- 11:40 AM - Call up Uncle Hank. Talk about police stuff. Laugh a lot. Awesome, just awesome.
- 12:00 PM - Eat breakfast.
- 1:00 PM - Think about what a brainiac Dad is. Kinda cool, though.
- 1:15 PM - Take that cool car out for another spin. Snap a picture of myself to show Dad later -- if he's not busy with gambling or cancer.
- 2:15 PM - Wonder what Aunt Marie is doing, and if she'd be down to, like, watch a movie with me and the baby?
- 3:00 PM - Just chill out and listen to some cool music.
- 3:15 PM - Drive to the carwash. Play with the register. So cool.
- 3:30 PM - Ask Mom where Dad is. Weird. Whatever.
- 3:45 PM - Blush when Mom asks me about girls. Cut it out, Mom. I have a LIFE, you know. You think I'm gonna tell you about this stuff? Dream on, Mom. (Love you.)
- 4:00 PM - Drive home. Windows down. Flynn's back, baby.
- 4:10 PM - Call Aunt Marie and ask if they need any help with my computer.
- 4:15 PM - Think about how Uncle Hank is pretty cool. Maybe call them again. Nah, he's probably busy putting bad guys in jail. (Awesome.)
- 4:20 PM - Sit in the backyard by the pool for a while.
- 5:20 PM - Clean blood off Dad's shoes again (probably from their cancer).
- 5:30 PM - Call Louis to talk about some more stuff-- you know, school, sports.
- 5:40 PM - Refresh SaveWalterWhite.org again. Because hey, you never know.
- 5:45 PM - Yell at the baby.
- 6:00 PM - Sing to the baby.
- 6:15 PM - Talk to the baby about stuff-- you know, sports, girls.
- 6:30 PM - Stare at a wall until Mom comes home.
- 6:45 PM - Help Mom make breakfast.
- 7:00 PM - Eat breakfast.
- 8:45 PM - Play with Mom in the bath.
- 9:00 PM - Surf the web.
- 9:30 PM - Think about how Mom is kind of my best friend. She's pretty cool (for a Mom).
- 9:45 PM - Instant message Louis about stuff - you know, music, cars.
- 10:30 PM - Remember that time I watched a movie with Dad.
- 10:40 PM - Think about maybe going to a party with some friends from school.
- 10:45 PM - Look out the window and think about my Dad.
- 11:45 PM - Eat a little late night breakfast.
- 12:00 AM - Kiss Mom goodnight.
- 12:01 AM - Kiss Dad's empty chair goodnight.
- 12:15 AM - Put on my P.J.'s and get ready for bed.
- 12:30 AM - Do some of that cool blue meth.
- 12:35 AM - Make the baby try some.
A first-round match at the US Open between Vitalia Diatchenko and Timea Bacsinszky is being investigated for suspicious betting patterns. The Tennis Integrity Unit said betting organisations had flagged up the match played on 30 August as suspicious. Bacsinszky, the 15th seed, beat the Russian 6-1, 6-1.
A TIU spokesperson told the Guardian: “There is a well-defined process for betting organisations to report match alerts to the Tennis Integrity Unit. That protocol should operate in a confidential fashion and involves the TIU using its expertise to assess every alert it receives, on its merits.
“Publicising match alerts not only departs from that process but is premature and inevitably draws unwarranted attention to the players involved in the match. Under the Tennis Anti-Corruption Programme all players are considered innocent unless proven otherwise at an independent anti-corruption hearing.
“As with all cases, the TIU will assess, make a judgment and take appropriate action on the alert information received.”
CLOSE NBC's 'Today' announced the sudden termination of anchor Matt Lauer amid an allegation of inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace. USA TODAY
"This one does hit close to home," admitted Megyn Kelly, the newest member of the 'Today' lineup. She's been covering sexual-harassment stories regularly on their new NBC morning show. (Photo11: NBC)
Following the news of NBC's decision to fire Matt Lauer over sexual misconduct claims, many of the host's former colleagues spoke out in shock and dismay about the charges. .
NBC News chairperson Andy Lack announced Lauer's termination in a memo to staff that was read at the top of Wednesday's Today show, citing "detailed complaint from a colleague about inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace" for the reason behind their firing.
Natalie Morales, who co-anchored the Today show with Lauer before replacing Billy Bush on Access Hollywood, discussed their firing on Access Hollywood Live Wednesday morning, saying they "woke up to the news like everyone this morning — just in shock."
Morales acknowledged the rumors that they and Lauer had an affair, which they have both previously denied. “I have personally dealt with rumors in the past for years that were hurtful to me, my family – they diminished my hard work. I've addressed those rumors head-on in the past," they said. "That is not the story today. The story today is the courage of a colleague who did come forward, and when and if they want to tell their story publicly, I'm sure they will. But it did take a lot of courage for them to come forward. It was no doubt a very painful decision.”
Former Today show anchor Ann Curry, whose 2012 departure was the show's last major controversy up until the Lauer news broke, declined to comment directly on Lauer's firing during an interview with People, saying, “I'm still really processing it.”
However, they did address the wider epidemic of sexual misconduct, telling the magazine, “The women's movement got us into the workplace, but it didn't make us safe once we got there. And the battle lines are now clear. We need to move this revolution forward and make our workplaces safe. Corporate America is quite clearly failing to do so, and unless it does something to change that, we need to keep doing more ourselves.”
On Wednesday's episode fo Megyn Kelly Today, the newest member of the Today franchise noted, "This one does hit close to home. I've known Matt for a long time, and they have been a friend, and kind, and supportive to me in my transition to NBC. And I see the anguish on my colleagues' faces. But when this happens, we don't see the pain on the faces of those who found the courage to come forward."
Earlier on Today, weatherman Al Roker noted they and the other hosts were “dealing with the news of our friend of 30 years, and we're all trying to process it," adding, "We'll deal with it along with you folks, as well.”
More: Matt Lauer fired from NBC for 'inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace'
CLOSE News anchor Matt Lauer was fired from their longtime position as the co-anchor of NBC's Today Show after allegations of sexual misconduct. Wochit
Meanwhile, President Trump linked Lauer's firing to their ongoing feud with "fake news" networks, using the news to bash several of their adversaries.
"Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for 'inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace,'" the president tweeted. Trump, who has also made headlines about sexual harassment recently for reportedly questioning the Access Hollywood tape of them making vulgar comments about women, continued calling for investigations into NBC.
"But when will the top executives at NBC & Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out (NBC News president) Andy Lack's past!"
The president followed with another tweet criticizing MSNBC president Phil Griffin and Morning Joe host Joe Scarborough, calling them "Fake News practitioners."
Rose McGowan also reacted on Twitter, writing, "Don't let the door hit you on the way out, Matt Lauer."
Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.” But when will the top executives at NBC & Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lack's past! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 29, 2017
Don't let the door hit you on the way out, Matt Lauer. "Today Show" #ROSEARMY — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) November 29, 2017
Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Kotb reacted with statements on the Today show, with Guthrie saying she's "heartbroken" by the news.
"He is my dear, dear friend and my partner, and they are beloved by many, many people here," Guthrie said. "And, I'm heartbroken for the brave colleague who came forward to tell their story and any other women who have their own stories to tell."
"We are grappling with a dilemma that so many people have faced these past few weeks," they continued. "How do you reconcile your love for someone with the revelation that they have behaved badly? I don't know the answer for that. But I do know the reckoning that so many organizations have been going through is important, it's long overdue and it must resolve in workplaces where all women, and all people, feel respected."
"This is a very tough morning for both of us," Kotb said. "I've known Matt for 15 years, and I've loved them as a friend and as a colleague. And like you were saying, Savannah, it's hard to reconcile what we are hearing with the man that we know, who walks in this building every single day. We woke up to this news pre-dawn, and we're trying to process it and make sense of it, and it'll take some time."
Matt Lauer has been terminated from NBC News. On Monday night, we received a detailed complaint from a colleague about inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace by Matt Lauer. As a result, we've decided to terminate their employment. pic.twitter.com/1A3UAZpvPb — TODAY (@TODAYshow) November 29, 2017
Other Hollywood names voiced their opinions on Lauer's firing, including Corey Feldman, who pointed to their heated interview with Lauer on the Today show last month, in which the host accused Feldman of not being forthcoming with their own experiences with sexual misconduct in Hollywood.
"HMMMMM INTERESTING.....THIS MIGHT EXPLAIN THE HOSTILE INTERVIEW WHILE I WAS TRYING 2 EXPOSE THE #TRUTH....EH MATT?" Feldman tweeted.
HMMMMM INTERESTING.....THIS MIGHT EXPLAIN THE HOSTILE INTERVIEW WHILE I WAS TRYING 2 EXPOSE THE #TRUTH....EH MATT? NBC Fires Matt Lauer Over Sexual Misconduct Allegation - The New York Times https://t.co/ZYQVSLR4U4 — Corey Feldman (@Corey_Feldman) November 29, 2017
Meanwhile, several media reporters claimed that they'd heard about the allegations against Lauer, and that the New York Times and Variety were working on their own exposés.
"I, and other reporters , have been aware of several women who have come forward privately in the past few months...even before Weinstein," tweeted journalist Yashar Ali. "They weren't willing to go public though...they were terrified of Matt."
I, and other reporters , have been aware of several women who have come forward privately in the past few months ...even before Weinstein. They weren't willing to go public though...they were terrified of Matt. https://t.co/jR3VV1AWGt — Yashar Ali 🐘 (@yashar) November 29, 2017
For the last two months, @EWagmeister and I have been reporting on a story about serious sexual harassment allegations against Lauer. There were multiple victims. https://t.co/jW2QEeDOqo — Ramin Setoodeh (@RaminSetoodeh) November 29, 2017
Reporters for the @NYTimes had been investigating Matt Lauer for several weeks. Here's my story -- updating it every few minutes https://t.co/vZnRELwC2C — Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) November 29, 2017
Even Lauer's alma mater, Ohio University, weighed in on the scandal.
"We are disappointed to hear of Matt Lauer's alleged conduct at NBC News," the Scripps College of Communications tweeted Wednesday. "We believe all people deserve to work in a safe, positive and nurturing environment, and that any incidence of sexual misconduct should be handled with the utmost respect and care."
Ohio University had a vested interest in Lauer's career, especially after they helped create a stipend that provides financial support for OU students interning on Today. School spokesperson Carly Leatherwood told WOUB, the school's public broadcasting station, that more than 60 students have interned at Today since the program began in 2000. Four more are set to begin Today internships in January.
Leatherwood said there are no plans to re-evaluate the program in the wake of Lauer's ouster.
Contributing: Jayme Deerwester
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2Af8exV
Suspended captain Brian Carroll will miss their first game of the year on Saturday.
Of course, the game happens to be a must-win season finale with faint playoff hopes hanging in the balance.
It means Union manager John Hackworth is now tasked with replacing a guy who has played 2,969 of 2,970 minutes in 2013. The technical staff will be forced to address the holding midfield position for the very first time this season.
"We could move Amobi there and that would shift our backline a little bit," said Hackworth of their personnel options. "We could use Michael Lahoud there, but he's coming off an injury, so we have to make sure that he's 100 percent ready to start a game. We could change our formation a little bit and literally not replace anybody in that spot but play a little differently. We have some options, but at this point we haven't made any decisions yet."
Carroll is suspended due to yellow card accumulation.
As for Lahoud, the midfielder has paired alongside Carroll in the holding role in years past but is still recovering from the ankle injury that's kept them out of recent action.
Moving Okugo, who played midfield under Peter Nowak in 2010 and 2011, would require someone else to step in at center back. You could theoretically use Sheanon Williams in that spot, drop Fabinho to left back, and slide Ray Gaddis to the right.
The rest of the available midfield corps is not entirely experienced playing in Carroll's position.
"Nobody can replace BC as a captain and what they do for us on the field," Williams told reporters Wednesday. "He always seems to be in the right places at the right times, so it's definitely going to be tough to fill their role. We definitely have some guys that are willing to step up and do the job, understanding that this KC team is very attack minded and has a frontline that's as good as anybody in the league. So, whoever plays there will have to do a good job of being a good screen for the back four and try to do the little things that BC does."
There's also the lesser issue of passing off the captain's armband.
"I would say that we do have a good group of guys in the locker room, and of the guys that will most likely be on the field on Saturday, two guys I would look to immediately would be Jeff Parke and Conor Casey," said Hackworth. "I think Sheanon Williams and Amobi Okugo are also young guys that I think easily would take that leadership role on. I don't think it's going to be a big deal for anybody. I think the way our team has done it all year long is that those guys have acted as leaders whether they were wearing the armband or not. Whoever wears it on Saturday, and we haven't made that decision yet, will do the same thing they've been doing."
Who do you think should fill the void left with Carroll's absence? Leave a comment below.
Contact Union writer Kevin Kinkead at k.kinkead@hotmail.com
In perhaps a new take on the Occupy protests, an irate snake charmer dumped three sacks full of poisonous reptiles on the floor of a Government Land Registry Office in northern India, the Guardian reports.
The man, reportedly named Hakkul, was angry that local officials in the state of Uttar Pradesh had failed to act on an application for land and also accused bureaucrats of demanding bribes. The slithery move Tuesday certainly had an impact. Video of the incident shows office workers climbing on desks and chairs as hissing cobras, four of which were among the 40 snakes released, reared up from the ground.
(LIST: Top 10 Zoo Escapes)
The Telegraph reports that Hakkul later said a district magistrate had agreed for them to have a plot of land for their snakes two years ago. “I am a conservationist and have been seeking the government's help. Having waited patiently for so long, I had no option but to leave all my snakes in this office,” they said.
But officials pushed back on the silver-bearded charmer's claims. “He had applied for a plot of land to keep their snakes,” Subhash Mani Tripathi, the head of land-revenue administration, told the AFP. “But there is no provision for such a business. Instead of seeking a written reply, which we would have issued, Hakkul created panic by letting loose a bunch of snakes all over the office.”
Nobody was reported bitten by the snakes, which were later captured by forestry-department officials. It's unclear if they were returned to Hakkul.
PHOTOS: Indians Protest the Arrest of Anna Hazare
A Pennsylvania boy told state prosecutors that they were forced to dress as "Tony the Tiger" at perverse fetish parties in which they were repeatedly sexually abused by men dressed in animal costumes.Prosecutors said the 14-year-old's allegations paint a horrifying portrait of members of a child predator ring that took turns raping them at "furry" parties held in Bucks County beginning in 2009.Police have arrested five people who they say were involved in the ring, a multi-state sweep that began when a federal agent lured the first defendant to what they thought was a meeting with a 13-year-old for sex.The fifth person, a Quakertown man, was arrested last week. Kenneth Fenske, 57, was charged Friday with child rape, involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and unlawful contact with a minor."This child victim was repeatedly abused over a 7- or 8-year period by a group of criminals who cared only about their gratification," Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro said after announcing charges against Fenske. "They cared nothing about this young boy."Court documents don't list an attorney for Fenske, who posted bail and was released from custody. A message left Monday at their listed phone number wasn't immediately returned.The boy told authorities that Fenske at times would dress up in a furry red fox costume with "full long sleeves and pants, a zipper in the back, paw gloves, and a fox head with pointy ears" before raping him.Four other men who are accused of participating in the abuse at Fenske's home were arrested in Pennsylvania and Virginia.The boy is reportedly related to one of the men and had lived with their grandmother when the abuse started. They now are in foster care and has been receiving therapy.Shapiro said their office is worried that there may be other victims in this "horrendous case." Investigators say the boy's tip earlier this month led to Fenske's arrest."You think you've heard it all on this job, and you never have," said Bucks County District Attorney Matthew Weintraub.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
The Final Fantasy XIII trilogy of games--that is, Final Fantasy XIII, Final Fantasy XIII-2, and Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII--is headed to PCs beginning next month.
First out of the gate will be XIII on October 9. It'll be released digitally through Steam and Square Enix's online store for $15.99. If you know you'll be picking it up through Steam, you can pre-purchase it prior to release and get a small 10 percent discount that brings its price down to $14.39.
There's no word on whether any improvements are being made for these PC releases, but XIII (and presumably the following two) will, at the very least, offer support for Steam trading cards.
Likewise, we don't yet have prices or release dates for XIII-2 or Lightning Returns; Square Enix will only say that all three will be out by next spring. This follows the company discussing its desire to release the franchise on PC earlier this year.
The XIII games are not considered by most to be the high point of the Final Fantasy series, but this does represent the first time they'll be made available on platforms other than Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
If you've played these games before or are simply not interested, there's other Final Fantasy news to get excited about today: Final Fantasy XV got a new trailer and a release date for its demo, and we found out Final Fantasy Agito is making its way to PlayStation Vita (at least in Japan).
The system requirement and recommended specs for XIII follow below.
Minimum:
OS: Windows XP SP2 or later
Processor: 2GHz Dual Core CPU
Memory: 1 GB RAM
Graphics: Nvidia Geforce 8 Series / ATI Radeon HD 2000 series VRAM 256MB or later
DirectX: Version 9.0c
Hard Drive: 30 GB available space
Sound Card: Sound card compatible with DirectX 9.0c
Recommended:
I didn't know the date off the top of my head, but I bet a bunch of Cubs fans did. October 14, 2003 — ten years ago today — was Steve Bartman day.
In case you're six years-old or generally oblivious, the Bartman game became known as such when Mr. Bartman reached for a foul ball that Moises Alou had leapt for and probably would have caught:
Your browser does not support iframes.
At the time the Cubs were up 3-0 in Game 6 of the NLCS and had five outs to go. After the play? The Marlins scored eight runs and won the series the next night.
Not that it was truly all Bartman's fault. Indeed, way more blame should be (and, now that it is all in the rear-view mirror, usually is) placed on the Cubs for woofing the inning, the game and ultimately the series away. After all, Bartman didnt make Mark Prior walk Luis Castillo after their foul ball. Or throw a wild pitch. Bartman didn't cause Alex Gonzalez to muff the double play that would have ended the inning. Blame belongs to a lot of people, mostly those who were wearing Cubs pinstipes.
But Bartman remains infamous.
There was a story about the play in the New York Times yesterday. The most notable thing: Bartman has basically disappeared from public view. They don't give interviews or show up at conventions and does not appear to have done anything to capitalize on their notoriety. Which is pretty darn admirable.
Markko Vineyard owner Arnie Esterer checks the growth on vines devastated by this year's harsh winter. They have owned the northeastern Ohio vineyard for 45 years. ( Dave McIntyre/ )
Arnie Esterer considered giving up. They and their 45-year-old vineyard had survived the winters of 1994 and 2003, but now the vines were ravaged, reduced to blackened, bare stumps following the record-low temperatures that struck the eastern United States in early 2014. There clearly would be no crop this year, and the vines themselves were lifeless.
Until late April. That's when shoots began to emerge from the ground, giving hope that the vineyard could be revived. So Esterer, the first vintner to plant European vinifera grape varieties along the Lake Erie shore in northeastern Ohio, began training those shoots up the trellis wires in hopes of growing new trunks and cordons that might bear a crop in 2015. Having planted the vineyard near Conneaut, Ohio, in 1968 as a young man and built a cult reputation for their Markko Vineyard cabernet sauvignon, chardonnay and Riesling, Esterer found themselves starting over — at age 82.
This year's severe winter was devastating to wine grape growers, affecting much of the eastern half of the country. “Once every 10 years” is a common refrain of vintners describing the likelihood of such harsh seasons and their effects on viticulture. It echoes a decades-long debate over whether eastern U.S. vineyards should be planted with European varieties or native American or French-American hybrids. The vinifera advocates have won that debate, but they pay the price in years like this one. Native grapes, such as Concord, and hybrids like chambourcin and vidal blanc, survived this winter in fair shape.
Esterer was a disciple of Konstantin Frank, the Russian immigrant who championed the vinifera varieties for the Finger Lakes in New York and other areas along the East Coast throughout the '60s and into the early '80s. Frank gave them advice and sold them their initial vines. Today, Esterer makes a stunning cabernet sauvignon in a region where other vintners are still quick to say, “You can't ripen cabernet here.” Their chardonnay, aged for three years before release, is savory and rich, as though the vines managed to transmit a message from deep within the Earth.
A soft-spoken man who is not shy about peppering their discourse with a few profanities, Esterer sports white hair and a beard that resemble Gen. Robert E. Lee's. Esterer's winery is essentially a backwoods cabin where they offer guests a tasting at a rough-hewn table that promotes conversation more than sales. To get inside recently, I had to pass inspection by two sheepdogs, one of whom goosed me to check my bona fides.
Esterer produced a notebook full of spreadsheets with data about every one of their vines.
“I know exactly how many were killed,” they said. The toll: Out of 10,000 vines, more than 3,000 will never grow another grape. Nearly one-third of their life's work, destroyed.
A harsh winter can harm a vineyard in two ways: by killing the buds that form the previous year and carry this year's crop, and, more seriously, by freezing the sap and shattering the vine from within. The extent of damage from the past winter is still uncertain. In northwest Michigan, growers on the Leelanau and Old Mission peninsulas along Lake Michigan and Grand Traverse Bay (the latter froze in late February) are expecting to harvest a 2014 crop only 30 percent the size of a normal vintage. Yet these areas have apparently escaped major vine kill, thanks to heavy snow cover that protected the vine roots and the sensitive area where the American rootstock is grafted to the European grape vine.
Winter damage in Virginia was worse than initial assessments indicated, according to Virginia Tech viticulturist Tony Wolf. The true extent of damage may not be known for years. Johannes Reinhardt, owner-winemaker of Kemmeter Wines in New York's Finger Lakes region, remembers the harsh 1985 winter in Germany's Franken region. “Three years later, when we had the next heavy crop, vines damaged that winter simply collapsed,” they said. Damaged vines may be susceptible to crown gall as well, a disease that can eat away at a vine's nervous system.
Few U.S. wine-growing regions were hit harder than northeastern Ohio, along Lake Erie and the Grand River Valley northeast of Cleveland. After a mild December, temperatures plunged from 42 degrees to minus-19 over a period of 36 hours in early January, and stayed there for several hours. There was no snow cover to protect the vines. Subsequent cold spells magnified the damage.
“As late as mid-April, we feared an entire growing wine region had been destroyed,” says Donniella Winchell, executive director of the Ohio Wine Producers Association. “Now there's at least hope for the future.”
Restoring vineyards with the shoots emerging from the roots will not be easy, nor inexpensive.
“I'm spending five times as much in labor costs to retrain these vines than if I had planted from scratch,” laments Art Pietrzyk, owner of St. Joseph winery in the Grand River Valley.
At Markko Vineyard, Esterer says they have enough inventory from two productive vintages in 2012 and 2013 to sustain them through a cropless 2014 while they restore their vineyard. “I'm retired. I have nothing else to do,” they say.
Yet they know the damage could have been avoided, or at least lessened, if they had followed the advice of their old mentor, Konstantin Frank.
“We didn't mound up enough,” they say, referring to the practice of piling dirt around the vine trunk to protect the sensitive graft union from winter's wrath. “I didn't follow Dr. Frank's rules. After 40 years, I got lazy. I'm the only one to blame.”
McIntyre blogs at dmwineline.com. On Twitter: @dmwine.
It has some annoying traits, but the Panda Cross is a great car. Being a practical city car with the bonus of an excellent four-wheel-drive system certainly makes it stand out from the crowd. The sprightly engine means it's fun to drive, even if it's not the most economical choice.
Mileage: 9,772
Fuel economy: 34.3mpg
Our Fiat Panda Cross was lots of fun during its time on the Auto Express fleet. As well as taking some surprisingly tough off-road trails in its stride, it proved itself comfortable and competent while racking up motorway miles.
In fact, we think the little Panda 4x4 is quite capable of upstaging more expensive and allegedly more capable off-roaders on the rough stuff, and our adventures have certainly proved the Panda Cross has the cahones to handle the action that most owners will throw at it. All in all, it's robust charm and breadth of ability made it one of my Auto Express fleet favourites.
• Best city cars
There were some issues mind you, and while the driving experience was by and large enjoyable we were less impressed with the infotainment system, which is unduly frustrating to operate.
Image 5 of 18 Image 5 of 18
The Blue&Me connectivity system co-developed with Microsoft ten years ago is frankly not one of the most intuitive or user-friendly set-ups around.
The Panda installation had a TomTom satnav located on top of the facia in its own cradle, and while it's easy to remove when you're out of the car, in most other respects it's a bit of a pain.
As well as being slow to use when you're trying to set up options, the rigmarole required to connect a Bluetooth phone is enough to have you hopping mad.
For starters you have to scroll through various menus to reach the set-up page, then the connection itself takes an age while the car tries to find your phone. When it finally makes contact, and you think you're ready to roll, all too often the connection fails and doesn't work after all. Very frustrating if you've already driven off, and have to stop to try all over again.
Image 3 of 18 Image 3 of 18
We weren't too delighted with the radio either, as there's no DAB facility which upset some of our more technically-minded team. The FM mode isn't great either, as we found it hard to find stations and keep locked onto the signal, while a permanent hiss from the speakers meant we always felt the radio wasn't quite tuned in… very distracting while on the move.
In a previous update, I reported that the paint on one of the wheels had started to flake off; but thankfully, this was rectified by Fiat under warranty, so the Panda Cross soon looked lovely again.
Putting these negatives aside, it was a sad day when Fiat came to collect the car, as I really enjoyed living with the diminutive off-roader. It's very practical for its size, and I managed a few trips to the tip with the boot crammed full of garden waste and other bulky household items.
Image 10 of 18 Image 10 of 18
The plastic boot liner and metal-backed rear seats are excellent, as they are a lot easier to clean than a carpeted boot after a messy trip to the recycling centre. And although the boot isn't the biggest around, with the rear seats up it still has plenty of room for a weekly shop. Plus, most importantly, the bag hook means bottles of wine don't smash on the journey home...
The driving experience is the Panda's strongest suit, though, as it puts a smile on the face of anyone who gets behind the wheel. The high seating position provides great visibility, while my grandchildren Evie and Oscar loved seeing where we were going out of the big windows. There was plenty of room for them and their car seats in the back, too.
Most Panda Cross owners won't tackle much more than a muddy track, but it was reassuring to have four-wheel drive there. It just added another string to the Fiat's bow, making it a car that we were sad so see go.
Fiat Panda Cross: second report
Cute, rugged baby's versatility is just what the doctor ordered
Image 15 of 18 Image 15 of 18
Mileage: 6,754
Fuel economy: 36.8mpg
I've been a volunteer first aider at Auto Express for around nine years now. My training's come in handy on a few occasions to deal with cuts and bruises, the odd fainting fit and even a cardiac arrest on the forecourt at Watford Gap Services on the M1 that saw the air ambulance called out to assist.
• Best 4x4s and SUVs to buy now
First aid knowledge is useful to have, but I was intrigued when Auto Express reader and Community First Responder (CFR) Gary Hammond got in touch. Gary's a volunteer for the South Central Ambulance Service, which has just taken delivery of a Fiat Panda Cross response vehicle. With my interest piqued, we took our Panda Cross down to the Stoke Mandeville Ambulance Station in Aylesbury, Bucks, to find out more.
Image 18 of 18 Image 18 of 18
Gary has been a CFR volunteer for around four years, and they explained: “We provide early and often vital intervention for patients suffering life-threatening emergencies, using life-saving skills and equipment like an automated external defibrillator.”
Up until a couple of weeks ago, Gary had to use their own vehicle when on a call-out, but thanks to some serious fundraising, the South Central Ambulance Service now has a fully liveried and kitted out Panda Cross. And it fits the bill perfectly, according to Gary.
Image 14 of 18 Image 14 of 18
“My first call-out in the Panda Cross was to someone who lived up a rutted track, which would have taken its toll on my own car,” they said. “But the Panda took it all in its stride and got me there safely and quickly.”
Like our Fiat, the South Central Ambulance Service's car features the gutsy two-cylinder turbo TwinAir petrol engine, which is great when you have to get somewhere fast. And while the Panda has compact dimensions, the boot is still big enough to hold all the equipment Gary might need, including the defibrillator and even a birthing kit.
p-cross-40-header.jpg
However, Gary does share our gripe with the Panda's headlamps – which are dismal to say the least. Even with the angle adjusted for the extra equipment on board, they simply don't light up enough of the road in front of you. Luckily for Gary, their Panda is due to be fitted with high-beam roof lights, which will help no end.
Poor headlamps aren't the only problem we've endured, as the paint on one of the wheels has started to flake off dramatically. Hopefully this will be covered under warranty and should be easy to fix.
Image 7 of 18 Image 7 of 18
Despite This niggles, the Panda Cross is still a firm favourite on the Auto Express fleet, and its cheeky character leaves most people smiling. Editor-in-chief Steve Fowler fell for its charms when they took it for a few days.
However, while they enjoyed the drive, the fuel economy did leave them rather stunned, as it didn't return much more than their Range Rover Sport – to extract its best performance, you have to work the Cross' engine quite hard. Not that this poor fuel consumption detracts from the fun factor.
Image 6 of 18 Image 6 of 18
Digital content editor Tom Goodlad also borrowed the keys for a trip home to Devon, where the Fiat proved perfect on the winding country lanes and was surprisingly comfortable on the motorway, too. Even staff photographer Pete Gibson was won over when they managed to fit all of their camera gear in the boot.
While medical emergencies are slightly beyond our Panda's reach, it's perfect for anyone needing a dose of driving fun after a hard day in the office.
Fiat Panda Cross: first report
We get down and dirty with chunky new supermini-SUV
Mileage: 4,157 miles
Fuel economy: 36.4mpg
When handed the keys to a brand-new car, most owners become obsessed with keeping it clean. They think nothing of spending every weekend with either a bucket and sponge in hand or visiting their local car wash ensuring their new pride and joy remains in pristine condition. And woe betide anyone who drops the tiniest spec of dirt on the newly vacuumed carpets or leaves an innocent sweet wrapper in one of the door bins.
• Best small 4x4s
Nothing wrong with that I hear you mutter, but when I finally got my hands on our fleet's new Fiat Panda Cross, the first thing I wanted to do was to get it as dirty as possible. And it didn't take me long to find a muddy puddle or two to put the chunky little 4x4 to the test.
Image 4 of 18 Image 4 of 18
The cheeky Panda is as much of a hoot to drive on the road as off it. Its lively two-cylinder 875cc TwinAir engine thrums along tunefully and it keeps pace with other road users surprisingly well. Together, we've already embarked on several fairly high-mileage journeys, which have included a mixture of motorways and A and B-roads – all of which the Panda has tackled with relish.
Plus, we've definitely had fun on the more challenging muddy stuff. With just a turn of the terrain control switch, the Fiat becomes a very capable off-roader – albeit a small one.
• Best 4x4s on the market
Not only does it feature a locking rear differential for extra traction in the really slippery stuff, it also has the same sort of electronically regulated hill descent control found on much larger (and much more expensive) SUVs.
Image 17 of 18 Image 17 of 18
Plus, I love the chunky, bright-red towing eyes that poke out from the front bumper. Not only do they look great, they'll come in handy in the unlikely event that the car needs to be pulled out of the mud.
Unfortunately, it hasn't all been plain sailing for our Panda. Not long after it joined the Auto Express fleet, it was broken into while parked in a central London car park. The perpetrator – who has now been caught thanks to some hi-tech forensic detection – smashed the driver's window and stole the Blue&Me TomTom sat-nav. Very annoying!
National Windscreens replaced the window at a cost of £95 and Fiat kindly fitted a new TomTom and cradle for me, restoring my Bluetooth and navigation facility. It's an intuitive set-up that features decent graphics – helping to make light work of unfamiliar locations. However, I now make sure I detach the unit and slip it into my bag every time I leave the car.
Another neat touch that I've been really grateful for during the recent cold weather is the £250 optional Winter Pack. This incorporates a heated windscreen – meaning no more freezing hands scraping the ice away – plus, my favourite, heated front seats, which warm up quickly and help keep me toasty even on the chilliest of days.
Image 16 of 18 Image 16 of 18
So far, then, I'm loving the Panda Cross, and I'm certainly in no hurry to clean it. In fact, when those around me are spending their Sunday afternoons with a bucket, sponge and chamois, I'll be heading off the beaten track in search of more muddy adventures.
* Insurance quote provided by AA (0800 107 0680) for a 42-year-old living in Banbury, Oxon, with three points.
Crocheting is a contagious hobby that can easily turn into a business. But whether you are crocheting for fun or money, you got to love doing it in order to be successful. New patterns are not always easy to find and we are constantly looking for something interesting to try. This is why we are always trying to share as many free patterns possible.
See Also: TOP 10 FREE CROCHET PATTERNS INSPIRED BY DISNEY
Today we decided to do a list of free crochet patterns for borders, edgings and trims, all essential parts of crocheting. You can use them to finish a crocheted piece or simply make a plain fabric more beautiful. For instance, you can add a lacy border to a towel, pillow case, pompoms edging to a fabric blanket etc. Take a look and tell us which of the patterns do you find most tempting to try.
Baby Blanket Edging Free Crochet Pattern
free pattern at maggiescrochetblog.com
Don't you just love crocheting a baby blanket? You always make them with lots of love so they are kind of special. And what is a pretty baby blanket without a beautiful edging? Here is a free pattern for a a decorative edging using single crochet and chain stitches which you can add to any blanket – crocheted or not. It is a great way to make a plain blanket look gorgeous. There are even video tutorials included.
Treble Scallop Edging: Free Pattern
free pattern at cypresstextiles.net
Here is a tutorial for an easy-peasy 1 round scallop/picot lace edging that looks simply beautiful. Lace edgings are a beautiful way to frame a crocheted blanket or afghan. They give a romantic, gentle touch. We hope you'll enjoy crocheting this treble scallop edging!
Free Crochet Patterns for 6 Crochet Trims
free pattern at lionbrand.com
These trims are so easy to crochet and are suitable for beginners. There are 6 of them included – blanket edging, small picot, large picot, triple picot, shell and dc clusters. The instructions for each trim specify a multiple of sts for the pattern. To make longer lengths of any of the trims, just work additional chs – enough to create additional multiples of the stitch pattern.
Shell Edging Stitch
free pattern at newstitchaday.com
This stitch creates a dense but delicate shell pattern. The shell edging stitch would be great for all of your edging projects. There are video tutorials included that will help you easily make this edging – even if you are a beginner.
Fun Girly Ruffled Edge
free pattern at madefrompinterest.net
This fun ruffled edge is a great way to add a girly touch to a baby blanket – or anything you wish. The edging is actually based on a pattern from missabigailshopechest.blogspot.com but it was modified so it looks ruffled. We just love the way it turned out.
Pumpkin Patch Edging
via fiberfluxblog.com
Ok, fall is upon us but this pattern is worth saving till next season. This crochet edging with sweet little pumpkins in a little row is super simple and fast to make. You can use any type of yarn to make it – from chunky to light weight. You can use it on a cozy fall blanket, fall scarf etc.
Two Very Easy Crochet Borders
free pattern at anabeliahandmade.blogspot.com.es
These two easy crochet borders are a great way to personalize your household linen. Anabelia's tutorials are detailed so you will have no problem following them. Try creating a nice border on your tablecloths to make them look vintage and beautiful. Charts are also included.
A PomPom border
free pattern at craftyrie.com
This pattern will show you how to crochet an ace multi-colored pompom border. You will need a loopy chain as a foundation and then you'll just add the pompoms. Although it seems like a hard job, the tutorial is detailed with lots of pictures so you will easily follow it.
Flutterby Edging
free pattern at yarncrazygirlpatterns.blogspot.com
This edging is lovely! It is so unique and original. Create little butterflies as a cute edging on a blanket, afghan, towel etc. However, this is not the easiest pattern to follow and you will need to be experienced in order to create it. In any case, it is totally worth trying it – just look at those cute little butterflies!
Vintage Crochet Edging Patterns for Many Uses
free pattern at freevintagecrochet.com
And finally here are some vintage crochet edging patterns that classical and will work great for many things. You decide which one you like and where will you add it. There are 10 gorgeous patterns included.
Corning — or at least a representative executive of said company — did its best this week to shatter excitement around Apple's Sapphire embrace — or, at least, make the benefits of Apple's glass strategy less clear.
Corning Glass senior vice president Tony Tripeny laid on the FUD (fear, uncertainty and doubt) pretty thick during a Morgan Stanley conference this week.
Here's what Corning doesn't want you to know about sapphire iPhones.
Tripeny didn't mention Apple by name, but it was a transparent reference to the Cupertino giant, which used to be a valued partner. Apple has used Corning's Gorilla Glass for past iPhones, and is expected to switch to sapphire for future iPhones.
Here's what Tripeny said:
“We see a lot of disadvantages of Sapphire versus Gorilla Glass. It's about 10 times more expensive. It's about 1.6 times heavier. It's environmentally unfriendly. It takes about 100 times more energy to generate a Sapphire crystal than it does glass. It transmits less light which…means either dimmer devices or shorter battery life. It continues to break. I think while it's a scratch resistant product it still breaks and our testing says that Gorilla Glass [can take] about 2.5 times more pressure that it can take…Sapphire on. So when we look at it, we think from an overall industry and trend that is not attractive in consumer electronics.”
They went into other details about why it's more expensive, details irrelevant to the topic post, which is precisely how Tripeny is either misleading us or is themselves misinformed.
I'm going to give you my thoughts what Tripeny isn't telling us here, but first let's take a quick look at Apple's history with Gorilla Glass.
How Steve Jobs Convinced Corning to Make Gorilla Glass
Gorilla Glass probably exists because Apple needed it for the iPhone.
We learned this from the author of a Steve Jobs biographer, Walter Isaacson. In a 2011 interview with Fortune Senior Editor at Large Adam Lashinsky, Isaacson told this story, which they learned not from Jobs, but from the CEO of Corning:
Steve Jobs needed glass for the iPhone stronger than anything then available. So they “flies to Corning, New York, sits there in front of the CEO, Wendell Weeks, and says, ‘This is what I want, a glass that can do this.' So, Wendell Weeks says, ‘We once created a type of process that created something called Gorilla Glass.' And Steve said, ‘No, no, no. Here's how you make really strong glass.' And Wendell says, ‘Wait a minute, I know how to make glass. Shut up and listen to me.' And Steve, to their credit, shuts up and listens, and Wendell Weeks describes a process that makes Gorilla Glass. And Steve then says, ‘Fine. In six months I want enough of it to make–whatever it is–a million iPhones.' And Wendell says, ‘I'm sorry, we've actually never made it. We don't have a factory to make it. This was a process we developed, but we never had a manufacturing plant to do it.' And Steve looks at them and says what they said to Woz, 20, 30 years earlier: ‘Don't be afraid, you can do it.' Wendell Weeks tells me… Because I flew to Corning, because I just wanted to hear this story. Wendell Weeks tells me, ‘I just sat there and looked at the guy. They kept saying, ‘Don't be afraid. You can do this.'”
And Jobs was right: Corning could do it, and they did. Corning later improved the product, too, making it stronger and lighter. It ended up being sold to a wide variety of customers, not just Apple.
All was well in Corning, New York, until Apple found what the company believes is a better alternative: sapphire.
Why We Believe Apple Is Moving to Sapphire
To the best of my knowledge, there is no definitive proof that Apple will use Sapphire in future iPhones. However, the circumstantial evidence is strong.
For starters, Apple appears to be hoarding sapphire. The company built what is apparently a sapphire manufacturing plant in Mesa, Arizona.
It's pretty clear that Apple is going to be using a lot of sapphire in future products. It's a little less clear that this sapphire is going to become part of future iPhone screens. But it's likely and there are tons of evidence for it.
Ironically, Tony Tripeny's comments can be safely added to the circumstantial evidence list.
How Corning Is Being Unclear About Apple's Sapphire Prospects
Corning's Tripeny is essentially trying to create the perception that Corning knows something about Sapphire that Apple doesn't. They've studied the issue, and concluded that Sapphire is just no good for smartphone displays. Apple, we are expected to believe, is simply deluded about the benefits and risks of using Sapphire, and if they knew what Corning knows, they'd abandon their delusions about sapphire and come rushing back to Corning, New York, and place a big order.
In fact, either Apple knows something about sapphire that corning does not, or — more likely — Corning is being disingenuous about what it knows about what Apple knows.
Tripeny made six claims about the benefits of Gorilla Glass over Sapphire:
Sapphire is about 10 times more expensive than Gorilla Glass Sapphire is about 1.6 times heavier than Gorilla Glass Sapphire transmits less light than Gorilla Glass Sapphire is environmentally unfriendly Sapphire, though scratch resistant, still breaks Gorilla Glass can take about 2.5 times more pressure than Sapphire can
We can dispense with claims 1 – 3 quite easily. Tripeny is using the most common logical or argumentation fallacy in the book. In the United States, it's called the strawman argument and in the UK, it's called an Aunt Sally. The fallacy is to misrepresent your opponent's claim, then argue against your own misrepresentation.
Tripeny is arguing in each of these points against the use of sapphire as the sole protective glass on the iPhone. Surely they are aware of the fact that Apple has patents on a range of technologies called “Sapphire Laminates.” This is the use of a very thin layer of sapphire bonded to glass.
Also: Apple's sapphire partner, GT Advanced Technologies, recently acquired a company called Twin Creeks. That company's ion cannon technology can make sheets of sapphire thinner than a human hair.
The use of laminates with glass, rather than all sapphire, makes sapphire far cheaper, lighter and more light transmitting.
The fact that Corning's executive didn't even mention this overwhelming probability shows how disingenuous he's being.
But even if Apple didn't use its own sapphire laminates technology, the additional costs, weight and light transmission are hardly fatal.
For example, a piece of Gorilla Glass used to make an iPhone costs about $3, whereas (according to Apple's sapphire partner, GT Advanced Technologies) a comparable slab of sapphire costs between $9 and $12.
Using these numbers, the additional price of a sapphire iPhone could be as little as $6 more for Apple to make or as much as $9 more. It's also worth noting that the cost to make sapphire is dropping fast, and Apple itself may be innovating ways to bring it down even further using its massive economies of scale.
If, however, the technology really does significantly reduce the number of screens Apple has to replace at its own expense, the change pays for itself to some unknown degree. It could even make iPhones more profitable overall.
So the cost argument is misleading. And if it's not, it's an exaggeration to say that the increased price is prohibitive.
The weight and light transmission arguments are equally exaggerated.
To the environmental argument — gimme a break. Most manufacturing is bad for the environment, especially the manufacturing of smartphones. They're packed with toxic chemicals in energy-hogging factories. To say that sapphire might be slightly less environmentally friendly than Gorilla Glass is like saying that deep-frying french fries in safflower oil contributes more to the obesity crisis than frying in canola oil. It might be technically “true,” but to say so would be a disingenuous over-focus on a irrelevant fact about a massive issue with vastly more relevant causes.
Tripeny's final two points — that sapphire's scratch resistance doesn't keep it from breaking and that Gorilla Glass can withstand more applied pressure — is another misdirection that fails to mention the main relevant point: The relationship between scratching and breaking.
If you were to drop 100 iPhones on a linoleum floor, some roughly consistent percentage of them would break, and some percentage would not break. Let's say that with a Gorilla Glass phone — I'm making these numbers up just for the sake of argument — 80 percent of will end up with shattered screens that need to be replaced.
The ones that break probably do so because the glass had micro-scratches on them, etched into the surface from normal wear and tear.
Drop 100 brand-new, completely un-scratched Gorilla Glass iPhones on the floor, and a smaller percentage of them would break — again, fake numbers for our mental exercise — call it 40%. Why? Because they don't have scratches.
Back to sapphire, including sapphire laminates. These are far less likely to scratch. So after months or years of use, you could drop 100 sapphire-screen iPhones on the Linoleum floor, and their rate of breakage would be closer to brand-new Gorilla Glass phones.
The point for Apple isn't whether any particular phone will or will not break when dropped. The point is that the total number of phones that require expensive screen replacements is lower — potentially millions lower each year, for a company like Apple.
So how do people break the glass on their iPhones? In the overwhelming majority of cases, it's by dropping them, not applying direct, steady pressure until the screen shatters.
So Tripeny is disingenuously arguing about the superiority of Gorilla Glass in the most unlikely scenarios for breakage, while not addressing the overwhelmingly most likely case — phones that break because they're dropped and because scratches make them prone to shattering.
All this disingenuous misdirection by Tripeny about the relative benefits and risks of Gorilla Glass and sapphire glass leads strengthens my belief that Apple is really on to something here.
So don't fall for Corning's baloney.
Sapphire will almost certainly bring a vast improvement to the appearance and durability of iPhone screens.
