Image copyright EPA Image caption Cristina Fernández de Kirchner urged Argentines to stand up for the rule of law
A judge in Argentina says they are seeking the arrest of former President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner over accusations they took part in a political cover-up.
Ms Fernández, who governed for eight years from December 2007, was recently elected a senator and as such enjoys parliamentary immunity.
For them to be arrested, the Senate would have to lift that immunity with a two-thirds majority vote.
They called the move a "nonsense... [which] violates the rule of law".
Senators said they would consider the judge's request once they received it.
'Criminal plan'
Federal judge Claudio Bonadio, who is seeking the arrest, alleges Ms Fernández was taken part in "an orchestrated criminal plan" to cover up the alleged involvement of senior Iranian officials in a 1994 bomb attack against a Jewish centre in Buenos Aires.
Judge Bonadio also ordered that Héctor Timerman, who was foreign minister under Ms Fernández, be placed under house arrest in connection with the same case.
Two more close allies of Ms Fernández were arrested on Thursday morning. They are Carlos Zannadi, a senior legal official in the Fernández administration, and political activist Luis D'Elía.
On Thursday, Ms Fernández called a news conference to once again deny the allegations against them and to denounce the judge's investigation.
"It is a case fabricated on facts that never existed. What is happening is a nonsense, a true excess," they said.
"It not only violates the rule of law, but seeks to inflict personal and political harm on opponents."
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Amia building after the bombing, which killed 85 people
They said Judge Bonadio acted on the orders of President Mauricio Macri to intimidate them and other left-wing opposition leaders.
"Mauricio Macri is the director of the orchestra," they said.
"He wants to divert attention from the fact that their economic measures have failed. This is a smoke curtain aimed at scaring the people and the unions," added Ms Fernandez.
Argentina's deadliest terror attack
Judge Bonadio presides over a commission which is investigating the 1994 bombing of the Israeli-Argentine Mutual Association (known as Amia for its initials in Spanish), a Jewish community centre in Buenos Aires.
Eighty-five people died in the bombing, which was Argentina's deadliest terror attack.
Judge Bonadio re-opened the case against Ms Fernández after it had been dismissed by another federal judge in February 2015.
The allegations of a cover-up in the highest echelons of government were originally made by special prosecutor Alberto Nisman, whose sudden death in January 2015 is still being investigated.
What did Mr Nisman uncover?
Image copyright Reuters
In 2006, Mr Nisman formally charged Iranian officials with directing the 1994 Amia attack
They alleged the attack was carried out by Hezbollah militants
In their 2015 report, they accused Ms Fernández and Mr Timerman of subsequently covering up Iran's purported role in the bombing
They alleged that their government wanted to whitewash Iran in order to secure lucrative trade deals - exchanging Argentine grain for Iranian oil
Ms Fernández dismissed the allegations as "absurd"
Mr Nisman was found dead in their apartment on 18 January 2015 with a bullet wound to the head and a pistol lying by their side.
They had been only hours away from testifying in Congress against Ms Fernandez and Mr Timerman.
No one has been convicted of the Amia bombing.
Syrian antiquities director says destruction of Lion of Al-lāt statue dating from 1st century BC at Palmyra museum is serious crime against world heritage site
Islamic State jihadis have destroyed a 2,000-year-old statue of a lion outside the museum in the Syrian city of Palmyra, the country's antiquities director has said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Lion of Al-lāt in Palmyra Photograph: Alamy
Maamoun Abdelkarim said the statue, known as the Lion of Al-lāt, was an irreplaceable piece. “IS members on Saturday destroyed the Lion of Al-lāt, which is a unique piece that is three metres [10ft] tall and weighs 15 tonnes,” Abdelkarim told AFP. “It's the most serious crime they have committed against Palmyra's heritage.”
Unesco to use satellites to monitor ancient sites threatened by Isis Read more
The limestone statue was discovered in 1977 by a Polish archaeological mission at the temple of Al-lāt, a pre-Islamic Arabian goddess, and dated back to the 1st century BC.
Abdelkarim said the statue had been covered with a metal plate and sandbags to protect it from fighting, “but we never imagined that IS would come to the town to destroy it.”
Isis captured Palmyra, a Unesco world heritage site, from government forces on 21 May, prompting international concern about the fate of the city's antiquities.
So far the most famous sites have been left intact, though there have been reports that Isis has mined them. Most of the pieces in the city's museum were evacuated by antiquities staff before Isis arrived. The group has blown up several historic Muslim graves in recent weeks.
Palmyra: historic Syrian city falls under control of Isis Read more
On Thursday the group released photos showing its members in Aleppo destroying several statues from Palmyra they had caught being smuggled through the northern province.
“An IS checkpoint in Wilyat arrested a person transporting several statues from Palmyra,” the group said in an online statement. “The guilty party was taken to an Islamic court in the town of Minbej, where it was decided that the trafficker would be punished and the statues destroyed.”
The statement included photos showing several carved busts being destroyed with sledgehammers. Abdelkarim said the busts “appear to be eight statues stolen from the tombs in Palmyra. The destruction is worse than the theft because they cannot be recovered.”
Under Isis's harsh interpretation of Islam, statues and grave markers are considered to be idolatrous. The group has destroyed countless antiquities and heritage sites in territory under its control in Syria and Iraq.
The majority of artists in the United States can't afford to register their copyright with the US Copyright Office. While the internet makes it easier than ever to create and share works of art, it's done little-to-nothing to help protect copyright and what few strides its made have largely benefited huge companies rather than smaller artists.
Blockai wants to change all that by using the power of the blockchain to help you register and protect your work online. While copyright laws are still rather vague and corporate-centric, it's not necessary for artists to register with the US Copyright Office to maintain a copyright. That said, it certainly makes it easier to prove when the copyright was created and to assist in legal battles should they arise.
According to Nathan Lands, CEO and Co-Founder of Blockai:
“We're not trying to replace the need to file your most important copyrights with the Copyright Office. In America, if you want to win money in a lawsuit, you still need to register with the Government. But, there is a whole lot that you can do to protect your copyright without having to go to court.”
Using the same technology that verifies the world's bitcoin transactions (the blockchain), Blockai wants to assist artists by making it easy to timestamp your protected works all while attempting to spot those infringing on your intellectual property by scouring the Web for offenders.
Once you register, you'll receive a copyright certificate with a permanent timestamp proving the time it was created. Using blockchain technology makes tampering with this after the fact an utter impossibility, thus helping your case should it ever come to litigation. “Our mission is to help artists turn their copyrights into assets,” says Lands.
Blockchain technology has a wide variety of application outside of monitoring bitcoin purchases. Whether it can win the war on copyright infringement remains to be seen, but it's an innovative idea and one that could advance copyright protection to the modern day, rather than being stuck in the 70s, as it sits currently.
Read next: This flying golf cart lets you play nine holes like god intended
Dietrick Lawn, which has served as a contractor staging area for the last several years, will once again become a space for students to gather, relax, and play.
The lawn, which is between Dietrick Hall and Washington Street, was turned into a construction staging area in 2009. It was used to store construction supplies and equipment, and provided project management space for contractors during the renovation of Ambler Johnston Hall and the construction of the Davidson Hall addition.
“Dietrick Lawn gave our contractors the space they needed to manage multiple projects. Now that the work is complete the lawn will once again be open space for students to enjoy,” said Mark Helms, interim associate vice president and chief facilities officer.
All contractor items and the fence should be removed by mid-May. The grass will be re-seeded and the area should be ready for student use by the fall semester.
“Although the current Virginia Tech student only knows the Dietrick Lawn as a construction platform, it has long been recognized as a vibrant student hangout full of energy and life. It's a true joy to return this green space back to students for studying, playing sports, and the kinds of moments that make Virginia Tech's campus among the most beautiful and vibrant,” said Frank Shushok Jr., senior associate vice president, Division of Student Affairs.
Since 2011, Virginia Tech has built or renovated 15 buildings on campus. In addition, the University Design and Construction Department is currently managing 11 major projects in various stages of design or construction. To date, eight campus buildings have received LEED certification under the U.S. Green Building Council green building rating system.
President Donald Trump and their advisers have been talking about an Obamacare repeal and replacement plan, and making blanket statements about what it would entail, for nearly two years. | Getty 6 promises Trump has made about health care
No one will lose coverage. There will be insurance for everybody. Healthcare will be a “lot less expensive” for everyone — the government, consumers, providers.
President Donald Trump and their advisers have been talking about an Obamacare repeal and replacement plan, and making blanket statements about what it would entail, for nearly two years. In their recent speech to Congress, Trump cast their presidency as one of promises made and promises kept. And they and their aides have made plenty of promises about healthcare.
Story Continued Below
Now there is a plan on the table: the American Health Care Act. The House-produced bill, endorsed by the White House, will repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. But an analysis of the measure, from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, found that the bill would cause about 24 million people to lose coverage over the next decade — a finding that will test Trump's health care claims. Notably, the White House has made it clear they reject the analysis.
Here's a look at six promises Trump and their advisers have made about replacing Obamacare, and how it compares to the CBO score:
‘INSURANCE FOR EVERYBODY'
Before they were sworn in, President Trump made a bold promise: The as-yet-unreleased Obamacare repeal and replacement plan would have “insurance for everybody.”
“We're going to have insurance for everybody,” Trump said in an interview with The Washington Post. “There was a philosophy in some circles that if you can't pay for it, you don't get it. That's not going to happen to us.”
While House Republicans and the White House have indicated repealing and replacing Obamacare may take multiple legislative steps, the bill currently on the table would not meet Trump's pledge. Per the CBO's score, 14 million people would immediately lose coverage, a number that would eventually rise to 24 million over the next 10 years.
Of note: The White House disputes these CBO projections. "It's virtually impossible to have that number occur. Not believable,” Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said on Monday.
‘NO CUTS … TO MEDICAID':
As their run for president took shape, candidate Trump boasted via Twitter , “I was the first & only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid” — before arguing that GOP also-ran Mike Huckabee was copying him.
That's another promise that wasn't born out by the CBO, which found the House Obamacare repeal measure would cut Medicaid by $880 billion.
‘NO ONE WILL LOSE COVERAGE'
Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway made a promise that almost certainly can't be met with the House bill: “We don't want anyone who currently has insurance to not have insurance.”
In its current form, the CBO says Conway's promise simply won't be kept in the House bill. An estimated 24 million people will lose coverage over the next 10 years under the plan.
‘NOBODY WILL BE WORSE OFF FINANCIALLY'
Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price praised the House's repeal and replace plan on Sunday's NBC's “Meet the Press” arguing , “I firmly believe that nobody will be worse off financially in the process that we're going through.”
The CBO's analysis doesn't evaluate each individual's financial situation. But its score projects health premiums under GOP health bill would increase by an estimated 15 to 20 percent over the bill's first two years — before falling thanks to looser regulations and younger enrollees. Older enrollees, though, could face higher premiums or costs.
‘GET RID OF ARTIFICIAL LINES'
Throughout the 2016 campaign, candidate Trump talked about their desire to let people buy health insurance across state lines. The idea being that it will create competition and offer better choices for people when they purchase health insurance.
"We have to get rid of the artificial lines around the states,” Trump said during the second presidential debate.
This promise isn't met — or even addressed — in the House's bill, a point of complaint for some conservatives. House Speaker Paul Ryan has attributed this to the need to avoid a filibuster while using to fast-track legislative process known as reconciliation. Trump, though, pledged on Twitter they would get to it eventually in a second or third phase of their repeal-and-replace effort.
‘EVERYBODY'S GOING TO BE TAKEN CARE OF'
Trump has made other, more vague promises about the repeal-and-replace endgame.
As they campaigned for the White House that they declared in an interview with CBS' “60 Minutes”: “I am going to take care of everybody … Everybody's going to be taken care of much better than they're taken care of now.” More recently, Trump has promised that repeal will end with “ a beautiful picture. ”
Both of these pledges are harder to quantify — but judging by early reactions to the legislation from liberals, some conservatives and others, it will be difficult to ensure.
The "greatest generation," schooled by the deprivations of the Depression era, knew how to stretch and save a penny. Today, a new generation — scarred by the economic crisis of 2008 — is rediscovering this lost art.
The "greatest generation," schooled by the deprivations of the Depression era, knew how to stretch and save a penny. Today, a new generation — scarred by the economic crisis of 2008 — is rediscovering this lost art.
It's surprising because, generally speaking, young people tend to spend rather than save. But a recent report in The Wall Street Journal said they increasingly are starting up rainy-day and retirement accounts — motivated, in many cases, by fear.
"As older Americans lose jobs, lose homes and delay retirement, their children are watching and reacting," The Journal reported. "Growing numbers of young Americans are boosting savings, cutting spending and planning for retirement."
That's smart in a nation where traditional pensions are disappearing and future Social Security benefits face the onslaught of an aging demographic.
RISKY INVESTMENT PLANS
Increasingly, individual-retirement investment plans are seen as a necessity to supplement people's old age. Yet most Americans either wait too long to start such accounts or don't contribute enough to them.
Both of those problems should be eased by the latest trend toward youthful thrift. For all the good intentions, however, there is no guarantee that they will result in a financially secure retirement.
That is because the nation's private, defined-contribution system for retirement investing is fraught with complexity, cost and risk. Sometimes unkind to small investors, it needs reforms.
In common 401(k)-style plans, decision-making — how much to contribute, where to invest, when to get in and out — is left up to individuals, who often "make serious mistakes at each step, producing low coverage rates and small balances," says Alicia Munnell, blogging for www.smartmoney.com.
CALIFORNIA MODEL
As the Economic Policy Institute recently noted, California is working toward a model that could help millions of private-sector workers whose employers don't offer retirement coverage. Under the proposed state plan, employees would make contributions that would be pooled and publicly administered, using lower-cost, competitively bid professional management.
This system would be safer than 401(k)-type plans, offering a modest guaranteed return without putting taxpayers on the hook.
Pooling contributions and spreading the administrative costs favor investors, raising the likelihood of larger retirement nest eggs. Better-funded retirements mean less poverty and less pressure on the taxpayer-funded social safety net.
Successful investors may not want or need a California-style option, and big financial firms that profit from the status quo may oppose change. But millions of Americans don't fit into either of those categories. If they are ready to save, they deserve an investment vehicle that works for them — young and old.
LUCKNOW: BJP leader Uma Bharati on Friday threatened to set on fire Walmart store wherever it opens in the country to register their party's protest against allowing Foreign Direct Investment ( FDI ) in retail."By giving permission to Walmart to directly invest in the retail sector, the Centre has jeopardised the employment opportunities of Dalits, poor and backwards," they told reporters here."I would personally set afire the showroom when it opens anywhere in the country and I am ready to be arrested for the act," Bharati said, condemning the decision of the Union cabinet to allow 51 per cent FDI in multi-brand retail and 100 per cent FDI in single-brand retail.She said that they had apprised BJP president Nitin Gadkari of their plan of action.Meanwhile, commenting on their remarks, CPI MP Gurudas Dasgupta in New Delhi said, "This is crazy talk...this is not the way...Having been a member of Parliament, can they speak like this?"Bharati also ventilated their strong displeasure against Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, UPA Chairperson Sonia Gandhi and Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi and accused them of "shedding crocodile tears" in poll-bound Uttar Pradesh and expressing "fake anger"."I too feel angry at the Central and state governments," they said.If Rahul was really concerned over the plight of dalits, poor and backwards they should ask the Prime Minister to prevent the arrival of Walmart, they said."Economic liberalisation has snatched employment opportunities of about 90 per cent of the poor people and benefited only 10 per cent," Bharati said.
OXNARD, Calif. - Dallas Cowboys cornerback Morris Claiborne is expected to miss another preseason game because of injury.
Claiborne, who did not play in the preseason opener because of tendinitis in their right knee, injured their right shoulder during Wednesday's practice with the Oakland Raiders. Coach Jason Garrett said Claiborne would not practice Thursday and probably won't play Saturday against the Baltimore Ravens.
The Cowboys moved up in the first round to draft cornerback Morris Claiborne sixth overall in 2012. AP Photo/James D. Smith
"It's some kind of AC joint separation, but we got good news about it yesterday, better than the initial reports thought it might be," Garrett said. "We think it's going to be more of a day-to-day, within-the-week type of thing."
Claiborne hasn't come close to living up to expectations since the Cowboys traded their top two picks to move up eight spots in the first round to draft them sixth overall in 2012. They have only two interceptions in two seasons and has struggled in coverage.
He's had their development stunted by several injuries during training camps. They have played in only two preseason games in their career.
"We'd rather have them out there," Garrett said. "You want them to take every rep, but sometimes these things happen. I do think he's become a better player because of the experiences that he's had over the first couple of years of their career.
"I think he's at a higher level now than they were last year at this time. Hopefully, they can get back from this thing as quickly as possible and take advantage of the last couple of weeks of the preseason."
Claiborne lost their starting job last year after missing the entire preseason due to a knee injury. They suffered an injury to their left shoulder in the regular-season opener and underwent offseason surgery after playing hurt all season.
Safety Matt Johnson, another oft-injured defensive back from the Cowboys' 2012 draft class, returned to Dallas on Thursday to visit a specialist in an attempt to determine if back problems are the cause of their chronic hamstring issues. Johnson has yet to play in a regular-season game for the Cowboys and has not practiced since straining their hamstring in the first week of camp.
Rookie safety Ahmad Dixon, who impressed coaches during the preseason opener before suffering a concussion, has been cleared to return to practice.
Thanks to Michael Brush who contributed significantly to this article. -- ACO
Java 8 may be the most anticipated version of Java ever. Originally slated for release in September, Java 8 has been delayed until March of next year, supposedly to buy time to make security fixes aimed mainly at client-side Java (JavaFX/Swing). Since I, like most of you, stopped caring about client-side Java shortly after Duke finally finished jumping rope, we won't address any of that.
Java 8 is trying to "innovate," according to the Microsoft meaning of the word. This means stealing a lot of things that have typically been handled by other frameworks and languages, then incorporating them into the language or runtime (aka standardization). Ahead of the next release, the Java community is talking about Project Lambda, streams, functional interfaces, and all sorts of other goodies. So let's dive into what's great -- and what we can hate.
[ Think you know Java? Test your programming smarts in InfoWorld's Java IQ test. | Master the latest in Java development with our JavaWorld Enterprise Java newsletter. ]
Streams
The changes to collections are driving a lot of the other changes in the language. The main component of making those collections better is a new collection called a "stream." This is not to be confused with java.io package's InputStream and OutputStream -- it's a separate concept altogether.
Streams are not meant to replace ArrayLists or other collections. They are only meant to make manipulating the data easier and faster. A stream is a one-time-use Object . Once it has been traversed, it cannot be traversed again.
Streams have the ability to filter, map, and reduce while being traversed. There are two "modes" for a stream: sequential and parallel. This is where the ability of the stream to use the multicore processors of today comes into play. It uses fork/join parallelism to split up the work and speed the processing along.
Using a sequential stream:
List <Person> people = list.getStream.collect(Collectors.toList());
Using a parallel stream:
List <Person> people = list.getStream.parallel().collect(Collectors.toList());
When the stream is traversed sequentially, each item in the stream is read processed, then the next item is read. When the stream is traversed in parallel, the array is split into multiple segments, each of which is processed individually on a different thread. The results are then put back together for the output.
Parallel stream flow:
List originalList = someData;
split1 = originalList(0, mid);
split2 = originalList(mid,end);
new Runnable(split1.process());
new Runnable(split2.process());
List revisedList = split1 + split2;
This very simplified example shows how the parallel Stream would be processed. This is how it will take advantage of multicore processors.
Since a Stream can only be traversed once and generally returns another Stream , use a terminal method to get a useful result. Examples of a terminal method are sum() , collect() , or toArray() . Until the Stream is terminated, the results of the operations are not realized. For example:
Double result = list.getStream().mapToDouble(f -> f.getAmount()).sum();
Iron & Wine will tour with a full band in support of Beast Epic beginning with their annual Midwives Benefit show in Austin,Texas on July 22nd. An extensive U.S. tour begins with a two night stand in Chicago (October 12th/13th) and ends with a two night stand in New York (November 13th/14th.) European dates will follow in early 2018. Shows in BOLD are on pre-sale.
A special fan-club presale is running now (passcode : BEASTEPIC)
28 June – Portsmouth, NH . Prescott Park Arts Festival (solo) – FREE
29 June – Canandaigua, NY . CMAC (solo, support for Jason Isbell) – TIX
22 July – Austin, TX . Paramount – Annual Midwives Benefit # – TIX
26 Aug – Fayetteville, AR . Fayetteville Roots Festival – TIX
27 Aug – Columbia, MO . The Blue Note $ – TIX
28 Aug – Chattanooga, TN . Tivoli Theatre $ – TIX
29 Aug – Birmingham, AL . Saturn $ – TIX
12 Oct – Chicago, IL . Thalia Hall – TIX
13 Oct – Chicago, IL . Thalia Hall – TIX
14 Oct – St. Paul, MN . Palace Theatre – TIX
15 Oct – Lincoln, NE . Rococo Theatre ^ – TIX
17 Oct – Missoula, MT . The Wilma ^ – TIX
18 Oct – Seattle, WA . Moore Theatre – TIX
19 Oct – Eugene, OR . McDonald Theatre ^ – TIX
20 Oct – Portland, OR . Aladdin Theater – TIX
21 Oct – San Francisco, CA . The Warfield – TIX
26 Oct – Los Angeles, CA . The Cathedral Sanctuary – TIX
27 Oct – Pioneertown, CA . Pappy & Harriet's – TIX
28 Oct – San Diego, CA . Balboa Theatre ^ – TIX
29 Oct – Phoenix, AZ . The Van Buren ^ – TIX
30 Oct – Albuquerque, NM . El Rey Theater ^ – TIX
1 Nov – Dallas, TX . Kessler Theater ^ – TIX
2 Nov – San Antonio, TX . Aztec Theatre ^ – TIX
3 Nov – Houston, TX . The Heights Theater ^ – TIX
4 Nov – New Orleans, LA . The Joy Theater ^ – TIX
6 Nov – Fort Lauderdale, FL . Culture Room ^ – TIX
7 Nov – Orlando, FL . The Beacham ^ – TIX
9 Nov – Washington, DC . Lincoln Theatre ^ – TIX
10 Nov – New Haven, CT . College Street Music Hall ^ – TIX
11 Nov – Boston, MA . Berklee Performance Center – TIX
12 Nov – Northmapton, MA . Calvin Theatre ^ – TIX (no fan club-presale for this date)
13 Nov – New York, NY . The Town Hall – TIX
14 Nov – Brooklyn, NY . Brooklyn Steel * – TIX
# Joan Shelley as support | $ Lydia Loveless as support | ^ John Moreland as support | * OHMME as support
Getting worry under control
by
Recently I have noticed my anxiety levels have begun to creep up in anticipation of an upcoming hospital appointment, and once that happens, it opens the floodgates to worry. I start worrying and getting anxious about every little thing, things I have no control over. So, it is with a sense of relief that I read some advice from author Allia Zobel Nolan on how to calm these worrisome anxious thoughts when they arise.
“Worrying is a choice” says Allia, “and you can choose not to do it. Once you catch yourself, you can say, “Okay, I know all I'm doing is going around in circles. So I'm getting off this bus. I'm not going to do this to myself.” Then, get completely absorbed with something that requires your complete mental attention”.
I particularly like their advice of writing down your worries in a journal on a weekly basis. “Try to keep tabs of how much time you spend being anxious, too. Open the journal each week to see how many of the things you worried about actually happened or came true. Referring to this journal often will show you how much time you waste by worrying. It will also serve as a reminder that most of the things you worry about don't actually happen.”
Squash unnecessary worrying with one question: “Can I do anything about this matter right now, right this minute?” If the answer is “no,” stay in the present moment, jot down the thought, and then let it go.
So how about you, have you any tips for dealing with the worry monster when it attacks? If so, please share it with us here.
A tree branch struck four UC Davis faculty members earlier this month
Dear UC Davis Students,
As faculty in the University Writing Program, the four of us have long felt that UC Davis students are the most talented group of young people we've had the privilege to work with. However, after the events of last Wednesday, April 5, we now are certain that you are not only talented, but you are also incredibly compassionate and courageous. When a large tree branch fell from 40 feet onto our table in front of the Student Community Center and sent three of us to the ER with head injuries, many of you seated outside and many who were inside the SCC rushed to our aide.
Some of you called 911.
Some of you hoisted the tree branch off of one of us.
Some of you removed the metal umbrella that was pinning two of us to the table.
Some of you calmed us and assured us we would be okay.
Some of you gave us medical attention before the first responders arrived.
All of you had our best interests at heart.
For all of this and more, we thank you. You gave us comfort during a very difficult time. As your teachers, we are proud of your actions. As fellow members of the Aggie community, we thank you all for everything you did.
Thank you.
Written by: Dr. Katie Arosteguy, Dr. Alison Bright, Dr. Liz Constable and Dr. Brenda Rinard
Did you know that you can quickly see or hide all the hidden files in a directory from any Mac Save window with a simple keystroke? This is very useful when you are saving a file to a directory that will appear as invisible, also known as a dotfile in OS X.
To toggle the visibility of otherwise invisible files in a dialog box of OS X, just hit Command+Shift+. (yes, the period key, Command+Shift+Period)
This will instantly switch the display of hidden files in any Mac OS X save dialogue box to be either showing the hidden dotfile files, or hiding them, depending on the current setting.
This is really useful for saving dotfiles and seeing things like .htaccess files or a .ssh file in Mac OS X, since they do not display by default.
If you hit the Command+Shift+Period keystroke again you will toggle the hidden files to be invisible again.
If you want a more permanent solution so that you can always see the dot files and invisible files of OS X, check out our article to show hidden files on Mac OS X, which offers a defaults command string which will set the Mac to always see the hidden files no matter where you are in the file system, and no matter the app, even within the Finder.
On March 18, Ars ­­received an exasperated e-mail from the father of one very frustrated Comcast customer.
Elliot told us that their son, Brad, had received bills totaling more than $1,500, and Comcast alleged that Brad had been consistently using far more than their 300GB monthly limit. Overage charges of $10 for each additional 50GB were piling up as Comcast's meter claimed usage totaling multiple terabytes a month. In February, there were $350 worth of charges for 1,750GB of usage above the 300GB limit (about 2TB total). In January, there had been $570 in extra charges for 2,850GB above the 300GB limit (about 3TB total).
No one had any idea why Comcast's data meter was producing such high readings, but the cable company wasn't budging on the amount owed. Brad and their girlfriend, Alison, each 23 and living in Nashville, were working long hours and not using the Internet enough to consume terabytes per month, they say. Making just enough money to cover rent and college loans, they canceled their Comcast Internet to prevent more overage charges, and disputed the amount owed.
In their initial contact, Elliot told us:
So far, despite all the calls we have made, no one is willing to even provide us with one shred of proof this data was consumed, by what method or website(s) it was used on. They just keep telling us to trust them, the data was used. We have asked for investigations of the Internet history to prove this usage, and they say they will do so, but they never do.
We have had many conversations about this case with Brad, their father, and a Comcast spokesperson over the past few months. Though Elliot lives elsewhere, their name was added to the account to help sort out the billing problem. (Brad asked us not to publish their last name.)
Shortly after Elliot e-mailed us, Comcast had bill collection agents contact Brad. They were only called off after Ars relayed a message from Brad's father to the Comcast media relations department, which in turn told the company's employees to halt the collections process. Comcast also waived all of Brad's charges, but hasn't admitted any fault in its data usage measuring system.
Many other customers of Comcast and other ISPs also haven't been able to get problems addressed properly without alerting the media. Brad is merely one of several Comcast customers who have contacted us after facing similar data cap problems. In all cases, Comcast's first response is to tell customers that its meter is accurate and should not be questioned.
"We know that our meter is right... with our meter, we give you a guarantee that it is perfect," one Comcast customer service representative insisted to another subscriber who disputed data charges a few months ago. That subscriber, Chris from Georgia, had been measuring Internet usage on their own router and found big discrepancies between their own measurements and Comcast's. We'll have more on Chris and other customers later in this article. First, let's tell Brad's story.
A shocking bill
Brad and Alison signed up for Comcast in August 2015. The high data readings began shortly thereafter, exhausting the three "courtesy" months Comcast provides before charging overage fees. (Comcast recently lowered the number of courtesy months to two.) In June of this year, Comcast began offering Nashville consumers the option to buy unlimited data for an extra $50 a month, but that choice wasn't available when the company accused Brad and Alison of going over their data cap.
Brad couldn't figure out why Comcast's meter said they were using so much data, and a few more months of high readings and overage fees followed. Brad is a full-time computer technician who is also going to school, and Alison is a nurse. It's not uncommon for them to watch a few hours of Netflix after work. But they don't work at home, don't run any servers, and don't do much gaming, they said.
"I mean, realistically, I'm sure it is in the couple hundreds of gigabytes," Brad said, "but it's not near a terabyte."
Netflix high-definition video can consume up to 3GB per hour. At that rate, you'd have to watch for more than 33 hours every day to hit the 3TB Brad and Alison supposedly used in a single month. (Note: there are 24 hours in a standard Earth day.)
Getting answers from Comcast was anything but easy, as Elliot told us:
We have tried to reason with everyone we have been able to speak with that it is just not possible for these two kids to be using this much data. They would have to be downloading some massive files 24/7 for this to be possible. No one will listen to reason or offer to help in any way.
Brad estimated that he, Alison, and their father had talked to Comcast about 20 times combined, all without success. One time, Brad was on the phone with Comcast about a notification that he'd reached 90 percent of the data allotment only five days into the month. Minutes later, while talking to a Comcast employee, "I got a message saying I reached 115 percent of my usage," they said.
Comcast did some basic troubleshooting to make sure no one was stealing Brad's Wi-Fi access and that there was no malware causing the problem. Nothing nefarious was found in these quick investigations, and the MAC address on Brad's modem matched the one in Comcast's system.
Shortly after Ars first spoke to Brad, we sent some questions to our contacts at Comcast. We were still waiting for answers when, at 5pm on Friday, April 1, Elliot told us that the account had been sent to collections. "The bill collectors have been in touch already" by phone and mail, they said. We then e-mailed the Comcast spokesperson who was handling the case, and the rep had a quick reply: "That should not have happened."
Within an hour, Comcast called Brad and waived all the charges.
At this point, the case seemed to have been resolved in much the same way as an earlier case Ars had written about in December 2015. In that instance, a customer discovered a flaw in Comcast's data cap meter, and the company eventually admitted that it had recorded their MAC address incorrectly, causing the high readings.
But in some ways, this is where our latest story really begins. With all charges against Brad waived, we were getting ready to write an article about this situation in April—but then, a Comcast spokesperson told Ars the company wasn't admitting any fault in its data meter. Comcast had checked the data and found that it was all accurate.
We challenged Comcast to prove its meter accurately measured Brad's usage. This set off a months-long process that began with Comcast asking Brad to test all of the Internet-connected devices in their home. Ultimately, Comcast decided that Brad's Apple TV was at fault, but the company provided no data to back up its assertion. Brad even sent their Apple TV to Apple for further testing, and Apple confirmed to Ars that the device was working properly.
With a series of EXO Sehun‘s pictures, netizens claim that Sehun is not human.
EXO members are known for their handsome physiques and features that are sometimes considered unearthly. But is one of the members not human at all?
Originally posted on Pann, netizens discuss a series of photos of EXO member Sehun that suggest they may not be human.
Titled “Sehun Who Gave Up On Being Human,” here is the direct translation of the post and the comments below.
“I'll spread the pictures that I ran into so please relax your fingers”
“Ha… Oh Sehun… they aren't human”
“How is they human? Freaking handsome.. f*cking handsome.. <3”
“He's not only handsome but cute at the same time..
They just puts me in awe… That's an impossible aura to give out age their age”
“He even looks good in pink.. this type of guy..”
“(Heart attack) Really Sehun… What do I do with you 🙁 “
“The real process begins now. It's the first time I was in awe with a man”
“Wow…..”
“Mommy….. If there is a heaven, is it here?”
“I think Sehun is getting called up to heave….. hahahahahahahaha”
“He is sexy and cute at the same time~ do everything, just do everything”
“I really just want to date them for a day or just few hours. No, I just want to be with them in the streets”
“hahahaahahahahahahahahahahah embarrassing..”
“As a maknae, they have the sexiness that hyoungs don't carry”
“hehe~”
“He also plays around like this sometimes….”
“hehe~~~
But Sehun.. it seems like I might have to avoid you..”
[ +190 / -23] Cute Sehun 🙁 They grew up so well
[ +176 / -21] They don't seem like it, but they also are so thoughtful that they don't pull pranks on hyungs because they might hurt their feelings.  They are still a baby so please don't make malicious comments about him. How do you think they will feel? Everyone will be quiet when they decide to sue like Taeyeon.
[ +161 / -30] hahahahahahahahaha Last one haha They say that they have to avoid them hahahaha Sehun.. avoid them hahahahhaa But why are there so many thumbs down; are people just putting thumbs down because they can't put malicious comments after what happened yesterday? tsk
Source: Pann
Published online 8 July 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.341
News
Targeted search yields proteins that neutralize nearly all HIV strains.
VRC01, coloured green and blue here, neutralizes the vast majority of HIV-1 strains. Peter Kwong, Jonathan Stuckey, Tongquing Zhou
An antibody that can block more than 90% of strains of HIV-1, the most common form of the disease, has been discovered using a method for fishing specific proteins out of the blood. The findings, published today in Science1,2, could be used for vaccine design, researchers say.
It is the latest step in the quest to find a 'broadly neutralizing' antibody, capable of blocking a large quantity of the many HIV-1 strains known around the world. The past year has brought a spate of HIV-1 antibody discoveries, including the report last September of a set of antibodies that could target up to 78% of HIV strains3 (see 'Fresh targets give hope for HIV vaccine').
"Knowing that it's possible for a human to make this kind of antibody really increases our optimism that it could be elicited by a vaccine," says Gary Nabel, a virologist at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases' Vaccine Research Center in Bethesda, Maryland, who is a co-author on the two new Science papers.
"Clearly the neutralizing-antibody field for HIV-1 is hotting up," says Robin Weiss, a virologist at University College London.
The results have been exciting, Weiss adds, because they address lingering concerns that antibodies against HIV-1 may need to be very specific — targeting only a few strains — if they are to be potent. "Our overall thinking has changed in light of these recent papers," they say.
Unique structures
Although several antibodies against HIV-1 have previously shown promise, they were often structurally unusual in ways that confound vaccine designers. One region of an antibody might be unusually long, or contain a certain chemical modification — features that researchers do not know how to generate in the body using a vaccine.
"Antibodies are like people: every single one is unusual in its own specific way," says Peter Kwong, a structural biologist at the Vaccine Research Center, and a co-author on both papers. "These antibodies are freaks of nature."
“These antibodies are freaks of nature.”
In seeking better antibodies against HIV-1, Nabel, Kwong and their colleagues confronted another challenge: antibodies that broadly neutralize against HIV-1 are extremely rare. Kwong compares the search to looking for diamonds in a pile of cubic zirconia: "If you're simply picking up pretty rocks, you'll never find them," they say.
Instead, the team designed a probe to specifically pick out antibodies that act against the part of the virus's protein envelope that interacts with the cells targeted by HIV, called CD4+ cells. Other regions of the envelope that might stimulate an immune response were masked by replacing them with sequences from other viruses to reduce the odds of fishing out unwanted antibodies1.
The team screened 25 million antibody-producing white blood cells, called B cells, from 15 people with HIV-1, searching for those that bound to their probe. Only 29 cells fit the bill. From those, the researchers isolated three broadly neutralizing antibodies.
Structural analysis of one of the antibodies, named VRC01, showed that it almost exactly mimics the binding of the virus to a CD4+ cell, but for a slight 6-ångström shift and a 43° rotation2 — roughly the difference in the position of the hour hand on a clock between midnight and 1:30, Kwong says.
New hope, new challenges
The antibody does present its own challenges to vaccine design, however. As the body continues to produce antibodies against a disease, the B cells undergo several rounds of mutation and subsequent selection for those antibodies that best bind their target. This process is called affinity maturation.
As a result, most mature antibodies will harbour about 10—15 mutations, says Kwong. VRC01 had 66.
The team found that an 'immature' form of the antibody, without the mutations, was not able to block HIV-1.
ADVERTISEMENT
A vaccine based on this work would have to stimulate the body to produce antibodies like VRC01. At present, researchers do not fully understand how this maturation process works, making it difficult to design a vaccine that would harness it appropriately. Nabel speculates that such a vaccine may need to be given repeatedly, to foster the production of more mature, heavily mutated antibodies, and could even consist of different components at different stages — one given to stimulate the generation of the basic VRC01 backbone, and another administered later to select a specific 'mature' form of the antibody.
The antibodies could also be used directly in HIV-infected patients as an alternative to anti-retroviral therapy, notes Nabel. But such a therapy would have to be shown to be more effective than exiting drugs to warrant the added expense and difficulty of administering an antibody-based therapy.
Another important step before developing a VRC01-based vaccine is to check whether most people can generate such antibodies or only a select few. The team is looking for the antibodies in other patients, and thus far the results are promising, says Kwong.
If those details are worked out, says Nabel, combining vaccines that elicit the VRCO1 antibody with those that yield other broadly neutralizing antibodies could potentially inhibit nearly all strains of HIV and hinder the capricious virus's ability to evolve an escape route. "A nice cocktail of three or so would give us a good chance of containing the virus," they say.
Press Release
London, 6 August: The Global Warming Policy Foundations has warned policymakers that wind energy is an extraordinarily expensive and inefficient way of reducing CO2 emissions. In fact, there is a significant likelihood that annual CO2 emissions could be greater under the Government's current wind strategy than under an alternative Gas scenario.
Professor Gordon Hughes (University of Edinburgh), on behalf of the GWPF, has also assessed the likely impact of wind power on household energy bills.
In their economic analysis, submitted by the GWPF to the House of Commons Energy and Climate Change Committee, Prof Hughes concludes that meeting the Government's target for renewable generation would increase households electricity bills by 40-60% by 2020.
The necessary investment for this Wind scenario would amount to about £124 billion. The same electricity demand could be met from 21.5 GW of combined cycle gas plants with a capital cost of £13 billion – the latter option is cheaper by an order of magnitude.
According to Professor Hughes, “the average household electricity bill would increase from £528 per year at 2010 prices to a range from £730 to £840 in 2020 under the Mixed Wind scenario. These figures amount to increases of 38% to 58% in the average household bill relative to the baseline under the Gas scenario. The equivalent ranges for the other scenarios are 29-46% for the More Onshore Wind scenario and 40-62% for the Future Offshore Wind scenario.”
“The key problems with current policies for wind power are simple. They require a huge commitment of investment to a technology that is not very green, in the sense of saving a lot of CO2, but which is certainly very expensive and inflexible. Unless the current Government scales back its commitment to wind power very substantially, its policy will be worse than a mistake, it will be a blunder,” Professor Hughes said.
The GWPF's submission to the House of Commons Energy and Climate Change public evidence session on the Economics of Wind Power Committee is available here: Gordon Hughes: The Impact of Wind Power On Household Energy Bills.
Professor Gordon Hughes
Dr Gordon Hughes is a Professor of Economics at the University of Edinburgh where they teach courses in the Economics of Natural Resources and Public Economics. They were a senior adviser on energy and environmental policy at the World Bank until 2001. They have advised governments on the design and implementation of environmental policies and was responsible for some of the World Bank's most important environmental guidelines. Professor Hughes is the author of the GWPF reports The Myth of Green Jobs and Why is wind power so expensive?
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
SCIENCE FILE X-rays? From Scotch tape?
UCLA researchers' surprising finding could lead to applications in medicine, other fields.
The phenomenon is known as triboluminescence and is similar to what causes sparks of light to be emitted when one bites on wintergreen-flavored LifeSavers in the dark. The process is not entirely understood but may involve, in part, a separation of charges during the rubbing of two materials together or the separation of the tape.
Although the researchers suspected that the process might produce X-rays, they were astounded by their intensity and duration, said Seth Putterman, a UCLA physicist and lead author of the study. "We're marveling at Mother Nature."
The discovery could eventually lead to, among other things, compact X-ray sources that could be used for treating cancer, according to a study published Thursday in the journal Nature.
In an unexpected finding that could have applications in medicine and elsewhere, UCLA researchers have found that unspooling a simple roll of Scotch tape produces X-rays -- enough to produce clear images of their fingers.
When the charges reunite, light -- and X-rays -- can be produced, just like in a lightning strike.
To study the phenomenon, Putterman's students Carlos G. Camara, Juan V. Escobar and Jonathan R. Hird constructed a device that would unspool the tape at a steady rate of about 1.3 inches per second.
When they placed it in a vacuum and turned it on, they measured emitted light and X-rays.
What was surprising was that the X-rays were not produced continuously, but were emitted in nanosecond bursts containing about 1 million X-ray photons apiece, the equivalent of about a tenth of a milliwatt of energy. That was enough energy to produce an X-ray image in a second, compared with about a third of a second required for a dental X-ray, Putterman said.
"We're getting flashes," they said. "How do you concentrate the energy? How does it come out as flashes? The mathematical equations are going to be very interesting."
The team's next effort will be to try to build an X-ray generator that brings two pieces of tape together and separates them at, say, 1,000 times per second with a piezoelectric device. "We would have a new, controllable source of radiation, and have to look at the possibility it could be miniaturized," they said.
Putterman also envisions nuclear fusion. If the constituents of the adhesive were deuterated -- hydrogen atoms replaced with deuterium -- it might yield fusion neutrons, although there would be no net energy increase.
They noted that there is no danger in using Scotch tape. Without a vacuum, air molecules intercept the X-rays, rendering them harmless.
--
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
At least three people have been killed in clashes between Muslim Rohingya and Buddhists in western Myanmar, authorities say.
The unrest in Rakhine state also left hundreds of homes burned to the ground, officials said on Tuesday.
The clashes show that tensions between the two communities remain after widespread violence in June left dozens dead, tens of thousands displaced and prompted rights groups to warn of a humanitarian crisis.
"We got the information that three people, an ethnic Rakhine man and two Muslim women, were killed at Pandeinkone village during yesterday's clashes," Hla Thein, Rakhine state chief justice, told the AFP news agency.
"It's difficult to control the situation."
Thein said the violence started in Minbyar township and spread to Mrauk-U, adding that authorities imposed a dusk-to-dawn curfew in the townships on Monday and both areas were calm on Tuesday.
Stateless people
More than 50,000 Muslims and up to 10,000 Buddhists are thought to be displaced across Rakhine state, where people from both communities were forced to flee as mobs torched entire villages in June's flare-up. The violence broke out after the alleged rape and murder of a Buddhist woman by three Muslim men.
Myanmar's government has rejected accusations of abuse by security forces in Rakhine, after the United Nations raised fears of a crackdown on Muslims.
The stateless Rohingya have long been considered by the UN to be one of the most persecuted minorities in the world.
Speaking a Bengali dialect similar to one in neighbouring Bangladesh, the Rohingya are viewed as illegal immigrants by the Myanmar government and many Burmese - who call them "Bengalis".
The UN estimates their number at 800,000. But the government does not count them as one of the country's 135 ethnic groups, and so - like Bangladesh - denies them citizenship.
Update at 1134 KST, 07/18: This article was amended to include a response from Montblanc's French parent company, Compagnie Financiere Richemont, which originally only appeared in the Pro version. It was further updated to emphasize that OCN declined to answer questions by email or phone surrounding the case.
A Singapore-based company named OCN (S) Pte Ltd has reported links to North Korea's Office 39 and is said to be involved in the import of sanctioned luxury goods to the country, an investigation by NK News's partner site NK Pro showed on Monday.
“This service is only for royal class people,” a former North Korean official with knowledge of the issue told NK Pro. “North Korea doesn't care if commoners get problems. But if someone exposes it, and the royal class can't import, then that's a problem.”
In what are reportedly known by locals as the “Singapore Shops,” photos exclusively obtained by NK Pro reveal imported items ranging from Gucci, Chanel, Prada, Burberry, and Montblanc, as well as Japanese brands like Sony, Panasonic, Yamaha, Seiko, and Pokka, for sale. There are flat screen TVs, laptops, jewelry, and cameras on display, as well as cosmetics and hair products from Lancôme, L'Oréal, and Vidal Sassoon.
Unilateral Japanese sanctions bar any direct exports to North Korea at all. On top of UN Security Council sanctions on certain luxury goods and Singapore's own definition of which goods are forbidden, the presence of many of the items spotted in these shops appear to be violations of national and international regulations regarding luxury goods and the DPRK.
The two stores, known as the Puksae Shop and Pottongang Ryugyong Shop, are believed to be joint ventures between North Korea and OCN and are both tucked far away from tourists.
Among the many luxury brands in the two OCN linked shops, one of the most notable is Montblanc, which has dedicated sections in both outlets that offer high-end watches, belts and wallets, among other items.
One Montblanc watch seen at the Pothonggang Ryugyong had a price tag of 460,000 Won: more than $4,300 at North Korea's official exchange rate, used to calculate prices in foreign-currency shops such as these.
Despite its extensive in-store presence, Richemont Luxury, the Singaporean arm of Montblanc's French parent company, Compagnie Financiere Richemont, insisted it had “no commercial relationship” with OCN or any of its related entities.
“Sanctioned Countries is an area which Richemont takes seriously,” a Richemont spokesperson told NK Pro in an emailed statement. “Richemont does not sell Montblanc products (or any other Maison products) in the North Korean territory. The imports you are referring to could be linked to grey market activities and/or involve counterfeited products.”
Three sources with direct knowledge of the situation said OCN also acts as an importer for other vendors in the DPRK, with one claiming it supplies Pyongyang's Koryo and Yanggakdo hotels with high-end alcohol and goods for sale at shops and bars within the properties.
One Seoul-based expert said that North Korea's growing private wealth – as well as high-level corruption – could be fueling OCN's alleged business inside the North Korea.
“North Korea is such an exhibitionist society, and people with money tend to show off their power and wealth by consuming expensive goods,” Dr. Lim Eul-chul, a professor at the Institute for Far Eastern Studies (IFES) of Kyungnam University told NK News.
“Not all the products are for personal use, but high-level officials purchase the goods for bribes. As [the luxury goods] have a certain purpose, there are a lot of supplies.”
Lim described the phenomenon is the “peak of the capitalism.”
“[North Korean leader] Kim Jong-un believes that practical interests are more significant [than ideology]. This is no different from the consumption trends and tendency toward extravagant capitalism that [North Korea] denounces,” Lim said.
Based out of Singapore's Joo Chiat Road, OCN nevertheless keeps an extremely low profile.
The man in charge appears to be Ng Kheng Wah, who is the common thread running throughout the entities uncovered in the NK Pro investigation. Ng, who goes by “Leo,” lives in a gated property in Singapore's exclusive Caldecott Hill Estate section.
OCN declined to answer numerous inquiries about its corporate structure, review claims made by sources in advance of publication, or discuss the nature of its links to Pyongyang by phone or email.
As a result, it was not clear to what extent Ng has direct knowledge of what sources told NK Pro surrounding OCN's ongoing activities in the DPRK.
Keeping elites happy with designer clothing and expensive alcohol and tobacco has long been known to be a key means through which North Korea's leadership maintains its tight grip on power.
The labyrinthine network reported today by NK Pro shows the lengths Kim Jong-un may have gone to maintain this.
Featured image: NK Pro
This past weekend Las Pegasus Unicon took place in Las Vegas, Nevada. By now I think most everyone is aware that there were serious problems with finances leading to a significant amount of problems. VIPs came away with no payment or reimbursement of expenses, charities found their funds gone, and attendees in reduced-rate room blocks were confronted with full priced bills and demands for immediate payment.The situation has left many fans and guests who showed up in good faith struggling with their own personal finances. To this end the fandom community is attempting to raise the funds to help out those whose wallets have taken a beating.If you want to help, the best place to go is here- [link] The LPU Relief League is currently overseeing a wide range of auctions, offering everything from art to games to autographs to a complete set of Enterplay trading cards. Funds from these auction will then go to folks in need of immediate financial assistance due to unforeseen convention expenses.Beyond that, your best source for info is this article over at Equestria Daily- [link] There you'll find info on the situation, links to auctions, and a request for assistance form for those affected by the convention fallout (Not to be confused by a Fallout convention, which would be post apocalypticly awesome!)Finally you can keep up on recent conversation and developments by following the hashtag #LasPegassist on Twitter.Oh, and have some Limbo-inspired art!
According to an exclusive report by OBS, MBLAQ will be wrapping up their comeback promotions for “Mirror” earlier than expected due to unforeseen circumstances.
A music industry insider recently revealed that the group is planning to continue music show promotions until next week, just three weeks after returning with their latest mini album “Mirror.”
The three members are said to have come to this decision for member G.O to focus on recovering their health, following the news that they are suffering from laryngitis (vocal cord inflammation). In order for G.O to properly recover the health of their vocal cords quickly, the group and their agency determined that finishing this promotion cycle early and getting rest is priority.
Meanwhile, it is also reported that the group has plans to meet with fans once again through a comeback with another mini album after G.O's full recovery.
Source (1)
Some people choose vegetarianism to lose weight, others want to protect the environment or they love animals too much to eat them anymore, and there are also lots of people who find it cool that famous people are vegetarians. I mean heck, even Arnold Schwarzenegger promotes vegetarianism. Whatever your reasons are, if you've gotten this far, it means you want to change something but don't know where to start with.
From an environmental point of view, science has already proven that adopting a vegetarian diet really makes a difference — even without considering the 400 million animals saved in 2014 thanks to people eating less meat. Every bit helps and you can really be part of the solution by making small changes to your daily habits.
Vegetarianism or Ovo-Lacto-vegetarianism usually means that you don't eat meat (nor fish, but some people choose to do so). Yes, that's it, nothing fancy about it. This is the simple rule from which everybody chooses where they set their limit. For instance, some people don't eat gelatine (because gelatine comes from the animals' bones), while others do. Others that don't eat some types of cheese, as they contain animal rennet (though you can also make cheese without it). But nowadays, we're lucky that there are so many options available, and surely someone already found a tasty substitute somewhere — the fun part is that we can choose our foods based on our preferences and are not limited.
Without no further ado here are a few easy tips for you, try them and see how they suit you:
Take it slowly
It's very important not to throw away all of your food now that you want to become a vegetarian, that's still bad for the environment, and cutting everything out of the sudden might have a high rate of failure and relapse. Why not take it slowly? Try and change some parts from your favorite dishes with vegetarian options. For example, let's say you like burgers very much (as I personally do); go to the supermarket and look for the aisles with free-from or vegetarian options, and check the variety of options. I guarantee you'll be surprised. You might not like your first option, but the good part is, there are a lot of options to try. Some veggie burgers really do resemble the texture and taste of meat burgers, as other are just made of veggies and might taste like falafel. Don't be afraid to experiment until you find your favorite.
Fruits and veggies are your friends
You can never go wrong with fruits and veggies, they are your best friends. Here too, try to find a transition: don't go directly to kale if you never liked it before. Don't force yourself to eat that broccoli if you don't enjoy it. I'm no big fan of kale myself, but I love potatoes, carrots, onions, bell peppers, tomatoes… you get the point by now: diversity is key. Fruits and veggies are no strangers, you can eat them by themselves or even have them as sides most of the time with your steak or burger. Try new vegetables, try new things. Enjoy the experience.
There is such thing as weekday vegetarian
Yes, there are people that can't cut on meat all of the sudden, or just enjoy eating it. The weekday vegetarian usually eats vegetarian 5-6 days per week only vegetarian and chooses 1-2 days for enjoying a meaty dish. You'll be surprised just what big of a difference this can do! If you only eat meat once or twice a week you'll still save a lot of animals and prevent a lot of greenhouse gas emissions, while sticking to a much healthier diet. You'll probably even appreciate the meat more. Yes, it's good for you, it's good for animals, it's good for the planet. Give it a try!
All the restaurants and fast-foods have vegetarian options
… but you didn't know that yet because it was never something that you were looking for. Well, chips are vegetarian (unless they are fried in the same place with other meats, but that rarely happens) and salads of course, but that doesn't mean you only have to eat those. If you check the menu for most of the restaurants you'll see a small V (usually green) at the end of the dish's name, that's vegetarian.
Also if you are looking for places that sell vegetarian dishes, you might want to check Happy Cow or similar platforms where you will find loads of places with tasty vegetarian options. You might also want to know that an Indian restaurant, always has vegetarian food, and it's always really tasty if you are into spicy and strong flavor dishes.
Balance and diversity
The biggest question a vegetarian gets is: Where do you get your protein? Well, meat is not the only product full of protein. The best part about vegetable protein is that you get the benefits without all of that cholesterol, so it's healthy too and good for your heart. Also, the vegetable and legumes (beans, chickpeas, lentils, etc.) usually have loads of fiber which is really healthy for your guts. Keep in mind that plant proteins don't have all of the essential amino-acids and this is where diversity comes in once again, combining different types of legumes, cereals and vegetables you will be able to get all your essential amino acids, and more than that: vitamins, fiber, and minerals. What's not to like?
Read the labels
Most of the food companies will label something if it's vegetarian, even though it wasn't their main idea to create a veg product, but this way they are able to sell a product to a new group of people. Most of the time you will find a ‘'V'' sign or it will simply say ‘'Suitable for vegetarians'' so it will make it easier for you and helps you spend less time checking all the ingredients while shopping.
Find vegetarian pages on social media
I get most of my inspiration for cooking from Facebook and Instagram (guilty). There are loads of pages where they show you how to cook from scratch delicious vegetarian recipes, sometimes luxurious or indulgent, that you must give them a try. Books are also a great idea, but let's face it, you spend more time on your phone rather than reading a cookbook. Many cooking websites also have a vegetarian section, so you just have to give it a search.
Most of the supermarkets have a special aisle just for you
… you just have to find it. There is an aisle which usually has gluten-free, free-from, vegetarian and vegan products, especially because there are lots of people with allergies and intolerances or religion-oriented dietary choices. They have to make everyone happy, and this comes in handy for you. Not only that you will find vegetarian alternatives to burgers and sausages, but you might also be interested in trying something more ‘'exotic'' like tofu, seitan or tempeh. This kind of products usually can mimic very well meat texture or related products and are also high in protein.
Don't forget to be kind to yourself, and don't judge yourself too harshly if you make the occasional misstep, we all do it. Keep in mind that every little matters, no matter what, so you are already making a difference.
Now that you know all of these things, go and explore, and try as many things as possible until you find what suits you best. Don't stress that much about individual things, focus on diversity and balance. Don't forget to check the menu at your local restaurant, you never know what delicious vegetarian dish they might hide.
Enjoyed this article? Join 40,000+ subscribers to the ZME Science newsletter. Subscribe now!
Researchers have created tiny 3D lung organoids that mimic the function of full-sized human lung to study respiratory diseases. Photo courtesy of Snoeck lab/Columbia University Medical Center
May 12 (UPI) -- Researchers at Columbia University have created lung organoids to mimic features of a full-sized lung to give a better understanding of respiratory diseases.
The tiny 3D structures were created from human pluripotent stem cells by researchers at Columbia University Medical Center, or CUMC, to generate models of human lung diseases in a lab dish to study respiratory diseases.
The lung organoids created at CUMC are the first to include branching airway and alveolar structures like those found in human lungs.
The organoids contain multiple cell types that look and function like a full-sized organ and can be used to help researchers test new drugs and experiment with regenerating damaged tissue.
"Organoids, created with human pluripotent or genome-edited embryonic stem cells, may be the best, and perhaps only, way to gain insight into the pathogenesis of this disease," Hans-Willem Snoeck, a professor of medicine at CUMC, said in a press release.
Researchers showed that the organoids reacted in the same way as a real lung does when infected with respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV, and other experiments showed the organoids responded as a human lung would with the gene mutation linked to pulmonary fibrosis.
"Researchers have taken up the challenge of creating organoids to help us understand and treat a variety of disease," Snoeck said. "But we have been tested by our limited ability to create organoids that can replicate key features of human disease."
The study was published in Nature Cell Biology.
- Richardson police are looking for witnesses who may have helped a murder suspect get out of the mud while disposing of their girlfriend's body.
Jason Lowe is currently being held in the Richardson jail for allegedly murdering 27-year-old Jessie Bardwell. Police haven't found their body but said evidence of foul play is strong enough to warrant a murder charge.
Police believe Lowe had Jessie's body in their black 2010 Audi Q5 and dumped them in a muddy area.
“There exists the possibility that their Audi became stuck in the mud and that assistance may have been necessary for them to free it. While receiving that assistance, the previously damaged front bumper may have broken free from the vehicle,” The Richardson Police Department said in a release.
According to an arrest warrant affidavit, when officers first questioned Lowe about Jessie's disappearance they noted the car was covered in mud and missing its entire front panel. They were also covered in mud from head to toe.
But they didn't look inside of the vehicle until a few days later when they determined they had given them false information about Jessie's whereabouts.
Detectives then found evidence of blood throughout the vehicle, including in the rear hatch and on the steering wheel, gear shift and driver's side door handle. They also noticed the distinct smell of decaying flesh in the car and found a bullet hole, shovel, muddy boots and other evidence of a possible body disposal in Lowe's garage, the affidavit states.
“We're asking just civilians from the area that know that place, just go search for them please and just look for her,” pleaded Kayla Bardwell, Jessie's sister-in-law. “Just find them and bring them back home to us because we would do the same. We would do the same for y'all.”
Kayla says Jessie moved to Texas after Christmas to be with Lowe because they loved them but then quickly became isolated.
"She just didn't stay in touch,” said Kayla. “That's just not her."
Now, she's certain Lowe killed Jessie and dumped them body.
"Just tell us where she's at and that's all we care about. That's all,” said Kayla. “Bring their home to their family so we can give them a proper home."
Lowe's high school friend from Mississippi, Matt Malouf said they attended a wedding in Mississippi with Lowe and Jessie on April 2. They said they and Lowe reconnected after not talking for several years.
“He actually apologized and said, ‘Don't worry about it I was on cocaine back then,'” Malouf said. Police documents said Lowe admitted to using cocaine when officers saw it in plain sight in their apartment on May 12.
Malouf said Lowe is an only child and always struggled with anger issues.
“Almost a possessive kind of controlling person. Everything was on their schedule. Everything they wanted their way,” Malouf said. “As crazy as it sounds it kind of makes sense now. Part of me refuses to believe it, can't believe it.”
Police are still looking for Jessie's body. Anyone who may have spotted Lowe stuck in the mud between April 29 and May 8 is encouraged to call the Richardson Police Department at 972-744-4801.
Initially conceived as a floating symbol of American ideals at a time when the United States was emerging as a world power, Columbia is sent to distant shores with great fanfare by a captivated public. What begins as a fresh new endeavor of hope turns drastically wrong as the city soon
Initially conceived as a floating symbol of American ideals at a time when the United States was emerging as a world power, Columbia is sent to distant shores with great fanfare by a captivated public. What begins as a fresh new endeavor of hope turns drastically wrong as the city soon disappears into the clouds to whereabouts unknown. The player takes on the role of former Pinkerton agent Booker DeWitt, sent to the lost city to rescue Elizabeth, a young lady imprisoned there since their childhood. They develop a relationship with Elizabeth, enhancing their abilities with theirs so the pair may escape from a city that is literally falling from the sky. DeWitt has to learn to fight foes in high-speed Sky-Line battles, engage in combat both indoors and amongst the clouds, and harness the power of a myriad of new weapons and abilities.
…
In an Orwellian inversion, “freedom” is now a tool for controlling others.
For many anti-gay activists, the recent Supreme Court decisions on DOMA and Proposition 8 were the handwriting on the wall.
It wasn't just that they didn't get the result they wanted, but that in DOMA the Court's majority simply didn't buy the argument that homosexuality represents a threat to society. Neither does the general public, which supports that decision 56%-41%. (The margin under age 40 is 67%-30%, with 48% approving strongly.) The big post-DOMA public demonstrations expressed joy, not anger.
Just a few years ago anti-marriage-equality referendums were winning in states all over the country, but in 2012 one failed in Minnesota, while referendums legalizing same-sex marriage won at in Washington, Maryland, and Maine. Ten years ago, the first legislatures to make same-sex marriage legal were dragged by their state courts, but this year Delaware, Rhode Island, and Minnesota went there voluntarily, bringing the number of states where same-sex marriage is legal (as of August 1) to 13, plus the District of Columbia. (I'll guess Oregon and Illinois will go next.)
It's even clear why this is happening: Because gay millennials are not in the closet, everybody under 30 has gay and lesbian friends who dream about meeting their soulmates just like straight people do. To young Americans, laws blocking that worthy aspiration are pointlessly cruel and ultimately will not stand — not in Alabama, not in Utah, not anywhere.
So the generational tides run against the bigots of the Religious Right. Some still aren't admitting it, but wiser heads are recognizing that it's time to switch to Plan B.
The new face of bigotry: “freedom”. Fortunately for them, there's a well-worked-out back-up plan: religious “freedom”.
Accept the inevitability of gay rights, advises Ross Douthat, but “build in as many protections for religious liberty as possible along the way.” Here's the idea: If your disapproval of certain kinds of people can be rooted in church doctrine or a handful Biblical proof-texts, then forbidding you to mistreat those people violates the “free exercise” of religion you are promised by the First Amendment.
To make this work, conservative Christians need to divert attention from the people they are mistreating by portraying themselves as the victims. And that requires cultivating a hyper-sensitivity to any form of involvement in activities they disapprove of. So rather than sympathize with the lesbian couple who gets the bakery door slammed in their faces, the public should instead sympathize with the poor wedding-cake baker whose moral purity is besmirched when the labor of their hands is used in a celebration of immorality and perversion.
There's a name for this tactic: passive aggression. It's like on Sanford & Son when Fred would clutch their heart and start talking to their dead wife because Lamont planned to do something they disapproved of. Passive aggression is the last resort of people who have neither the power to get their way nor any reasonable argument why they should.
In fact the baker will be fine, as Willamette Week demonstrated by calling two such religious-liberty-defending bakeries and ordering cakes to celebrate a variety of other events conservative Christians disapprove of: a child born out of wedlock, a divorce party, a pagan solstice ritual. The bakers did not object, because their hyper-sensitive moral purity is an invention, a convenient excuse for treating same-sex couples badly.
But Jim DeMint insists that
And Matthew Franck is horrified that religious universities will have to provide same-sex married-student housing; religious “schools, universities, hospitals, hospices, and clinics; social service agencies, retirement homes, eldercare and childcare facilities, food pantries, and soup kitchens” who employ “teachers, doctors, nurses, psychologists, counselors and clinicians, caregivers, food-service workers, housekeeping and grounds staff, even pool lifeguards” won't be able to refuse employment to people with same-sex spouses. Adoption services, marriage counselors, divorce lawyers, artificial insemination clinics etc. will have to deal with gay and lesbian couples … as if they were real human beings or something.
The race parallel. We worked this stuff out during the civil rights movement, because all the same ideas show up with regard to race.
Plenty of people claim a sincere religious belief in white supremacy, and root it in Biblical texts like the Curse of Ham. (This goes way back: American slave-owners found Biblical license for keeping their “property”.) But the law does not honor these claims, and somehow religion in America survives.
Here's the principle that has served us well: In private life, you can associate with anybody you like and avoid anybody you don't like. But if you offer goods or services for sale to the public, you don't get to define who “the public” is. So when you're making lunch at your house, you can invite anybody you like and snub anybody you don't like, but if you run a lunch counter you have to serve blacks.
We've been living with principle for decades, and (other than Rand Paul) no one worries much about the racists' loss of freedom.
That should apply to same-sex couples now: If your chapel is reserved for members of your congregation, fine. But if you rent it to the public for wedding ceremonies, same-sex couples are part of the public just like interracial couples are. You don't get to define them away.
If that makes you reconsider whether you want to be open to the public, well, that's your decision.
The sky will not fall. We just went through this with the Don't Ask, Don't Tell repeal, which supposedly would violate the religious “freedom” of evangelical military chaplains (who apparently had never before needed interact respectfully with people they believed were sinners). The Family Research Council's Tony Perkins predicted:
You have over 200 sponsoring organizations that may be prevented from sponsoring chaplains because they hold orthodox Christian views that will be in conflict with what the military says is stated policy.
That stated policy was: “All service members will continue to serve with others who may hold different views and beliefs, and they will be expected to treat everyone with respect.”
AP went looking for chaplains who couldn't live with that and found “perhaps two or three departures of active-duty chaplains linked to the repeal.” A Catholic priest overseeing 50 other chaplains reported “I've received no complaints from chaplains raising concerns that their ministries were in any way conflicted or constrained.”
If any of Perkins' 200 religious organizations has stopped sponsoring chaplains because DADT is gone, I haven't heard about it. The chaplains' hyper-sensitivity to openly gay soldiers was imaginary, and went away when the government refused to take it seriously.
The abortion parallels. The reason the Religious Right believes their passive-aggressive “religious freedom” approach will work on same-sex marriage is that the same approach is already working on reproductive rights.
It all started with a reasonable compromise: After the Religious Right lost the battle to keep abortion illegal, laws guaranteed that doctors who believe abortion is murder can't be forced to perform one. This is similar to letting pacifists be conscientious objectors in war, and I completely support it.
But from there, Religious Right “freedom” has become a weapon to beat down the rights of everyone else. Since 1976, Medicaid has not paid for abortions — at a considerable cost to the government, since birth and child support are far more expensive — because pro-life taxpayers shouldn't have to fund something they think is immoral. There's no parallel to this anywhere else: The taxes of pacifist Quakers pay for weapons; the taxes of Jews and Muslims pay the salaries of federal pork inspectors.
Conservatives like to accuse gays and blacks of claiming “special rights”, well this is a special right: The conservative conscience gets considerations that nobody else's conscience gets.
And conservative special rights keep growing. The argument for defunding Planned Parenthood is that public money not only shouldn't pay for abortions, it shouldn't even mix with money that pays for abortions. (“Giving taxpayer funds to abortion businesses that also provide non-abortion services subsidizes abortion,” says one petition.) I had a hard time imagining a parallel, but I finally came up with one: What if Jews were so sensitive to violations of the kosher rules that Food Stamps couldn't be used (by anyone, for anything) in groceries that sold pork?
That would be absurd, wouldn't it?
In some states, medical “conscience” laws now protect anyone in the medical system who wants to express their moral condemnation: If the pharmacist disapproves of your contraceptives, they don't have to fill your prescription. One of the examples cited by the model conscience law of Americans United for Life as something that needs to be fixed is “an ambulance driver in Illinois being fired for refusing to take a woman to an abortion clinic”.
Clearly that ambulance driver's immortal soul was at risk. The hyper-sensitive pro-life conscience needs to be protected from any contact with women making use of their constitutional rights.
Religious “freedom” and contraception. The other front in the religious “freedom” battle is contraception.
The Obama administration has had a lot of trouble finding the proper religious exemption to the contraception provisions of the Affordable Care Act. That's because it's hard to find the “right” version of something that shouldn't exist at all. Contraception coverage does not violate any legitimate notion of religious freedom for any religious organizations, religious affiliated organizations, or religious individual employers. Their claims should be rejected without compromise.
The principle here ought to be simple: The employer isn't paying for contraception or any other medical procedure; the employer is paying for health insurance. Health insurance is part of a worker's earnings, just like a paycheck. And just like a paycheck, what the employee chooses to do with that health insurance is none of the employer's business. If I'm the secretary of an orthodox rabbi, their religious freedom isn't violated when I cash my paycheck and buy a ham sandwich. Ditto for contraceptives, health insurance, and the secretary of the Archbishop of Boston.
Religious organizations' hyper-sensitive consciences are pure passive aggression. The classic example here is Wheaton College, which couldn't join other religious organizations in their suit against the ACA because it discovered that it had inadvertently already covered the contraceptives that the tyrannical ACA was going to force it to cover. This was such a huge moral issue for the college that nobody there had noticed.
Worst of all is the Hobby Lobby lawsuit, which got a favorable ruling on an injunction recently. The Hobby Lobby case is the mating of two bad ideas — corporate personhood and employers' right to control the medical choices of their employees — to produce something truly monstrous. HL's case hangs on its claim that it is a “person” with regard to the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993, and so its corporate “religious freedom” allows it to restrict its employees' access to contraception.
Persecution or Privilege? Here are the kinds of sacrifices I make for my readers: I listened to the full half-hour of James Dobson's post-DOMA radio show, where Dobson, Perkins, and Bill Becker threw around phrases like “the collapse of Western civilization in one day” and “the whole superstructure … can come down”. They described Christians as “an oppressed minority” and agreed that “persecution is likely in the days to come”.
But what is “persecution” exactly?
Tony Perkins expresses the challenge like this:
Do you believe God's word is true and therefore you're going to live your life based upon that truth, or are you going to shrink back in the fear of man and of them calling you bigots.
Whenever Christians discuss their “oppression”, fear of being called bigots plays a central role. According to CNN's Belief Blog,
[Peter] Sprigg and other evangelicals say changing attitudes toward homosexuality have created a new victim: closeted Christians who believe the Bible condemns homosexuality but will not say so publicly for fear of being labeled a hateful bigot.
In other words: Christians are oppressed unless they can express their moral condemnation of others without being subject to moral condemnation themselves.
Why would anyone imagine the existence of such a one-sided right? Simple: In practical terms, that's a right they have had until recent years. Not so long ago, the James Dobson types were so intimidating that they could preach any kind of vicious nonsense about gays and face no response.
So what they are experiencing now isn't persecution, it's privileged distress, the anxiety a privileged class feels as its privileges fade and it slides towards equality with others. And rather than try to get over their distress and soothe their anxiety, they are intentionally pumping it up in a passive-aggressive attempt to claim victimhood and control the rest of us.
That bubble needs to be popped.
Inside Mercedes' F1 factory: Simulator, data and sensors
Posted by
on
“We've won both championships this year so we are working on next year's car and when we go into the main building we will see parts being built for next year's car,” says Oliver Tennant, Partner Executive at Mercedes-AMG Petronas Formula One Team.
I am standing with a group of other journalists outside the Mercedes-AMG Petronas Formula One factory in Brackley, North West London. Formula One racing is notorious for putting its racing drivers through the paces in extreme conditions. So I am pretty excited to get a behind-the-scenes look at the factory where we will see the lifecycle of a car, the control-room, and try out the simulator.
The tour
Tennant takes us into the main building where we see a few painting and drying booths with a group of about five or six men wearing protective masks and working on various materials. They eye us suspiciously but keep working.
Tennant is full of impressive facts about the sheer amount of work that goes into perfecting the cars in preparation for each race. Weight is something they factor into everything and they say that every year the amount of paint put on cars is being reduced as it “adds weight to the car” and the “total weight of the paint on the car is less than two kilos”.
“It is a pain-staking process and labour intensive. One of these front wings will take about 40 man hours to paint. So you put four or five guys on it and you can get one done in a day.”
The extreme cockpit
As we come to one of the models, Tennant draws our attention to the cockpit of the car and says that temperatures in the cockpit can reach the “40-50 degree Celsius” mark. It is fascinating to see the model of the car completely stripped down and Tennant says that it is designed in a way to “maximise the space for the safety of the driver”.
“The only risk nowadays is flying objects that can hit the driver's head and there is debate around closed cockpits and open cockpits. For now, it has been decided to keep it open,” Tennant explains.
Tennant then points at various aspects of the car with impressive facts about air speed and pressure measures and says there are advantages to being a light-weight driver as it means that more features can be added to the car. They also say that the rate at which things develop in Formula One racing is extremely fast so that the “2012 car will be nothing like the latest model”.
Collecting data from sensors
It's really interesting to learn how the cars are monitored on the track and Tennant says there are around 200 sensors all over the car. The sensors detect things like engine temperature and speed and all of the information is collected during the race and sent back to the factory here in Brackley, where it is interpreted by telecoms and internet services provider, Tata Communications. The engineers are constantly monitoring the data to anticipate and predict situations that could go wrong.
Multi-tasking is definitely a must-have skill for Formula One drivers.
“Sometimes the sensors can recognise a situation which does not look good and will automatically fail that sensor so the car does not shut down. The driver has to reset that sensor and the process of doing that is incredibly difficult to do when you're driving at full speed,” Tennant tells us.
“There's a series of buttons they have to press at the same time as racing and trying not to be overtaken. The sensor system creates a lot of work for the drivers but it's the sort of data we need,” adds Tennant.
Inspection room
We are taken into the “inspection room” which inspects parts that have just been manufactured or come back from races. The main point of the inspection is to check for cracks by soaking metallic pieces in a fluorescent dye and checking them under a UV light - which shows up any cracks. Tennant tells us that this is a “clever and non-invasive way of checking the integrity of the pieces and that they aren't damaged in any way”.
Tennant then points to a very small machine with a tiny node that checks over the cracks and stresses how much patience the guys have in “inspecting big parts of exhausts all the way down to nuts and bolts”.
I'm sure we are all thinking the same thing and I can't help myself and say “Maybe it's time to get a bigger machine?” and everyone laughs. Tennant laughs too and says “It seems like a logical solution”.
Race-support room and regulations
The race-support room is where all of the data from the race track is displayed and when we go in, we can see a stream of videos, mostly with Lewis Hamilton talking.
We are told that restrictions in regulation mean that only up to 60 people are allowed to be taken to the race track at one time. This allows Mercedes to save costs and abide by regulations.
“You have guys at the track working in stressful conditions whereas over here we can have the same data being sent back and the engineers have that more relaxed environment to work in and not make mistakes,” Tennant tells us. They point to two engineers that work with Lewis Hamilton and who support Hamilton on the race tracks. I do wonder if Hamilton would be completely screwed if one (or both) of their engineers called in sick on the day of their race.
Where does Tata Communications come in?
Tata Communications started working with the Mercedes Formula One team almost three years ago and provides the necessary communications link for Mercedes to plan and analyse all the data. Before each race, Tata gives a complete route of data to Mercedes. It analyses country conditions and provide alternative route options in case of problems.
During lunch, Mehul Kapadia, head of Tata Communications' F1 business says “around 20% of international voice calls go through Tata Communications”.
The queasy simulator
After having a lovely lunch followed by a yummy chocolate fondant, we are told that we will each get to try out the simulator. Tennant and Harris laugh and warn us that it has made people motion-sick in the past so not to be too surprised if we face the same thing. After hearing this, I immediately regret eating that desert. Especially as I am told that I am first one up and we each have 15 minute slots.
I squeeze into the cockpit of the car but my legs can't reach the pedals so I end up in a strange half- lying down position, unable to see at the top of my steering wheel. Luckily, help is on hand and I am given some props to put behind me which helps my feet reach the pedals. Much better.
I really enjoy racing games on the PlayStation so I am ready for my moment to shine and show-off my Formula One racing skills. But there were a couple of tricky things to overcome first.
First challenge: Getting used to the steering wheel.
For some reason, I had an image in my head of the steering wheel being relatively uncomplicated but it has tons of buttons on it. So initially I (shamefully) stall the car a few times, go up the gears when I am supposed to be going down. Thankfully, I don't go off the track though.
Second challenge: Trying not to hurl.
Finally, I get going and ram the accelerator down around the track. This part is really fun and the race track feels incredibly real.
Just when I am finally beginning to feel like Lewis Hamilton I start to feel queasy. There's no timer so I can only estimate I have been in the cockpit for about ten or 11 minutes so far. I don't want to wuss out, surely I can last five more minutes? So I persevere, determined to at least complete my 15 minute time-slot. But a few more minutes in and I feel like I will hurl and consider the other guys won't be too happy trying out the simulator covered with vomit. So I reluctantly give in and climb back out.
Wearables for Formula One drivers?
Once my stomach has calmed down a bit I catch up with Matt Harris, Head of tech at Mercedes-AMG Petronas F1 team. We talk about the sensors on the cars and the way the data is collected.
Are there any plans to implement more tracking devices?
“If they could they would! The weight is an issue. We are always trying to get the car as close to a minimum weight as possible. A driver eating the wrong thing one day could change that to a kilo or half a kilo,” says Harris.
“I don't think it will be too far away to actually start putting monitors on people. With the pit stop crew [it will be interesting] to measure heart rates leading up to the race to learn how stressed they are. How can you train them to be calmer at the pit stop?”
After a long day it's time to go home. It's been a thrilling ride and it's hard after seeing everything to not have a new-found appreciation for Formula One drivers. My stomach is still churning though so Lewis Hamilton need not be worried.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 2, 2016, 7:29 PM GMT / Updated July 2, 2016, 11:23 PM GMT By Elizabeth Chuck
Three students from two American colleges were among those slaughtered in a brazen terror attack in Dhaka, Bangladesh, early Saturday.
The siege at the Holey Artisan Bakery killed 20 foreigners, including a U.S. citizen, after heavily armed militants stormed the upscale eatery in Dhaka's diplomatic quarter, officials said.
Two of the students attended Emory University in Georgia, and one went to the University of California, Berkeley.
Emory identified its students as Abinta Kabir and Faraaz Hossain.
Kabir, who lived in Miami, was a rising sophomore at Emory's campus in Oxford, Georgia, the school said. They were in Dhaka visiting family and friends.
In their honor, Florida Gov. Rick Scott ordered flags in their state to fly at half-staff Sunday, and called their death a "senseless act of terror."
Abinta Kabir, a rising sophomore at Emory University's campus in Oxford, Georgia, was killed in the attack while visiting family in Dhaka, Bangladesh. via Facebook
Emory President James Wagner said in a statement that they spoke to Kabir's mother, "who is in unspeakable pain."
Jose Sierra, a neighbor of the family in Miami, told NBC Miami the Kabirs were quiet, kind people.
"I am very sorry for the family. They are beautiful people, very, very calm. They don't bother anybody, they don't mess with no one," they said.
According to the U.S. State Department, one U.S. citizen was "among those senselessly murdered" in the coordinated carnage in Bangladesh's capital. The State Department didn't identify the citizen and it was not immediately clear whether it was Kabir.
Photos: Security Forces Respond to Hostage Crisis in Bangladesh
Hossain, who was from Dhaka, graduated from Emory's Oxford College this year and was preparing to start at the university's business school in the fall.
"The Emory community mourns this tragic and senseless loss of two members of our university family," Emory said in a post on its Facebook page.
The other student, 19-year-old Tarushi Jain of India, had been attending the University of California, Berkeley.
Tarishi Jain, an Indian national, was among those killed in the attack of a restaurant in Dhaka, Bangladesh. via Facebook
Jain went to high school at the American International School of Dhaka before starting at UC Berkeley, according to tweets from Indian Exterior Minister Sushma Swaraj.
The college said they had been in Dhaka for an internship with Eastern Bank Limited since last month and planned on majoring in economics.
Them father, a textile merchant in Dhaka, anxiously awaited updates about their condition outside the Holey Artisan Bakery during the standoff, UC Berkeley added.
“We are all very devastated to hear the news about Tarishi Jain. They were a smart and ambitious young woman with a big heart,” said Sanchita Saxena, executive director of the Institute for South Asia Studies and director of the Center for Bangladesh Studies, in a statement on UC Berkeley's website.
Related: U.S. Citizen Among 20 Foreigners Killed in Dhaka Restaurant
In all, 20 people were killed in the attack, which ISIS claimed responsibility for, according to terror research firms Flashpoint Intelligence and SITE Intelligence Group. NBC News could not immediately verify those claims.
Other than the students, there were also seven Japanese citizens killed, Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said Saturday. The five men and two women were consultants with the non-governmental Japan International Cooperation Agency.
Nine Italians were also killed in the attack, Italy's foreign minister said.
The nine Italians were identified as Adele Puglisi; Marco Tondat; Claudia Maria D'Antona; Nadia Benedetti; Vincenzo D'Allestro; Maria Rivoli; Cristian Rossi; Claudio Cappelli; and Simona Monti.
CUPERTINO, CA – July 19, 2016 - Seagate Technology plc (NASDAQ: STX), a world leader in storage solutions, today unveiled a new portfolio of 10TB high capacity drives dubbed the Guardian Series™. Purpose-built to help customers better manage and move the huge amounts of digital data they consume and create, the 10TB Seagate® BarraCuda® Pro desktop drive, Seagate IronWolf™ for NAS applications and Seagate SkyHawk™ for surveillance introduce new brand names and imagery and represent the most complete 10TB portfolio in the industry. The Guardian Series features industry leading technology that raises the bar on features, speed and capacity for use across a wide range of markets, including personal, creative and design computing, online gaming, small- and medium-sized businesses and large-scale surveillance systems.
“Consumers and organizations today face a similar challenge -- what to do about the massive deluge of data and video they confront every day,” said Matt Rutledge, senior vice president of Client and Consumer Storage at Seagate. “Whether it's dominating in the latest game, producing compelling multimedia content, mining data to help create new apps and business services, helping to protect people and places around the world against new threats, and more, the Seagate Guardian Series is designed to preserve your most critical data and move it where it's needed fast so you can make the most of it. By incorporating powerful new features and capabilities, our 10TB products also make it easier for everyone to create, consume and use data.”
Innovative capabilities in the new 10TB drives include multi-tier caching technology (MTC Technology™), an intelligent caching architecture for maximized performance; AgileArray™, designed to optimize drive performance through error recovery control, dual-plane balancing, and power management; and ImagePerfect™ for surveillance, supporting more high resolution cameras than any other industry drive.
Seagate's 10TB product branding represents the next phase of the company's new corporate brand unveiled at CES in 2015, in which Seagate introduced its “Living Logo” that visually captured the idea that data is most valuable as part of our daily lives at home and at work. The new Guardian Series product brands link this living data concept more directly to Seagate's foundational technologies in a way that is memorable and easier for customers to understand.
BarraCuda Pro 10TB Desktop Drive
As data becomes the lifeblood of all online interaction and workforce productivity, Seagate has brought back its hugely popular BarraCuda brand to respond to demands for high capacity storage at an affordable price point. BarraCuda Pro combines 10TB at 7200 RPM for outstanding performance, and includes power-saving features to help keep drive operating costs low, as well as a 5-year limited warranty for peace of mind.
With its enduring legacy of PC Compute drives, BarraCuda responds to market demands for high performance hard drives that don't sacrifice capacity or affordability. The 2.5 inch and 3.5 inch fierce BarraCuda drives offer a versatile and dependable line of hard drives for nearly every application and budget. Lightweight and robust, the 2.5-inch BarraCuda drive delivers market-leading cost/TB options in a thin 7mm form factor with up to 2TB of capacity.
Furthermore, the FireCuda™ SSHD combines flash with the latest hard drive technology for both 2.5 inch and 3.5 inch offerings. The FireCuda drives ignite both fantastic capacity (up to 2TB) and performance solutions (up to 5 times faster than its HDD counterpart) for gaming and creative applications.
“The Barracuda family has a rich history of delivering reliable drives at an affordable price point for our customers, who are struggling to keep up with the vast amounts of data they're creating and consuming,” said Merle McIntosh, SVP Sales and Marketing, Newegg. “Seagate is pushing the boundaries on capacity and a cost-effective 10TB option is a product our customers will appreciate.”
IronWolf 10TB for NAS
Tough, ready, and scalable, IronWolf combines the legacy of big iron with tough, pack-leading performance for NAS applications and a wide range of capabilities designed to meet the most challenging always-on environments. NAS-optimized with AgileArray, IronWolf is built with drive balance, and is the first in its class of drives to have rotational vibration (RV) sensors to mitigate vibration in multi-drive systems, RAID optimization for best performance with error recovery control, and advance power management providing power savings in NAS. The result is power when and where it's needed most. IronWolf raises the bar even further with multi-user technology that provides a 180TB/year user workload rate.
“It is critical for businesses with demanding data growth to select the right drive that is optimized for enterprise NAS usage and high capacity data storage,” said Jones Tsai, vice president, Hardware Division at Synology Inc. “Seagate IronWolf works seamlessly with our latest technology developments. With the perfect balance of durability and agility, IronWolf meets the requirements to support running multiple enterprise-level applications developed by Synology on NAS.”
“NAS hardware and software has greatly evolved to cover potentially limitless applications for home and business users. This evolution now calls for a new breed of hard drive that can provide the capacity, performance and flexibility for next-generation QNAP NAS,” said Meiji Chang, GM of QNAP. “IronWolf from Seagate represents a great leap forward for NAS hard drives, and we are amazed at its potential to take QNAP NAS to the next level.”
SkyHawk 10TB for Surveillance
An industry first, Seagate celebrates its 10th year of shipping surveillance drives with its latest 10TB SkyHawk offering for surveillance systems relying on large storage solutions for network video recording (NVR). SkyHawk drives use rotational vibration sensors to help minimize read/write errors, and can support the razor sharp vision of 64 cameras, more than any other drive on the market. Ideal for modern, hi-resolution systems running 24/7, SkyHawk drives also come with a data recovery services option for additional peace of mind.
“Seagate pioneered surveillance purpose-built drives more than 10 years ago with Hikvision's R&D team, and today they continue to lead and partner closely with us to develop surveillance storage solutions of the future,” said R&D director Mr. Chenghua Sun at Hikvision. “With the advances in camera technology from 4k to thermal to panoramic recording, Hikvision believes in Seagate's technology to optimize storage for highest quality recordings and to ensure customer data is safe and secure.”
“Seagate is a powerful storage brand in the surveillance market,” said James Wang, vice president of Dahua Overseas Business Center. “We're proud to stand-by them as a strategic partner and to introduce the next evolution of Seagate surveillance storage with SkyHawk and an incredible 10TB capacity point.”
“Libraries of digital content continue to expand, both in the home and the workplace,” according to John Rydning, IDC's research vice president for hard disk drives. “Seagate's new 10TB HDD product lineup provides consumers and organizations with a range of capacious, on-premise HDD storage alternatives to the cloud that address a wide variety of storage use cases.”
IronWolf and BarraCuda Pro are now shipping worldwide, and SkyHawk is currently sampling to select customers with wide-scale availability to be announced shortly. For more information on the Seagate Guardian Series and all Seagate products please visit www.seagate.com/internal-hard-drives.
View Segate's press release.
Discuss this news in the SPCR forums
People love to complain about the wastefulness of meal-kit delivery companies like Blue Apron and Hello Fresh. The baggies that hold a single scallion! The thousands of miles of shipping! The endless cardboard boxes! Those problems are annoying, but ultimately they're not environmental catastrophes: The baggies don't take up all that much landfill space, the cardboard boxes are recyclable, and it's not clear whether shipping meal kits is less efficient than transporting food to grocery stores and then to homes.
Blue Apron has a take-back program, but the company won't say whether it's actually reusing any of the freezer packs it's taking back — or simply storing them in a warehouse.
But there is a much better reason to criticize meal-kit companies — and as far as I can tell, few people are talking much about it. That's surprising, because it's actually the biggest (or heaviest, at least) thing in every meal-kit box: the freezer packs that keep the perishables fresh while they're being shipped. Blue Apron now sends out 8 million meals a month. If you figure that each box contains about three meals and two six-pound ice packs, that's a staggering 192,000 tons of freezer-pack waste every year from Blue Apron alone. To put that in perspective, that's the weight of nearly 100,000 cars or 2 million adult men. When I shared those numbers with Jack Macy, a senior coordinator for the San Francisco Department of the Environment's Commercial Zero Waste program, they could scarcely believe it. “That is an incredible waste,” they said. The only reason they suspect they haven't heard about it yet from the city's trash haulers is that the freezer packs end up hidden in garbage bags.
Given that many meal-kit companies claim to want to help the planet (by helping customers reduce food waste and buying products from environmentally responsible suppliers, for example), you'd think they would have come up with a plan for getting rid of this ever-growing glacier of freezer packs. Au contraire. Many blithely suggest that customers store old gel packs in their freezers for future use. Unless you happen to have your own meat locker, that's wildly impractical. I tried it, and in less than a month the packs — which are roughly the size of a photo album — had crowded practically everything else out of my freezer. Two personal organizers that I talked to reported that several clients had asked for a consult on what to do with all their accumulated freezer packs.
As Nathanael Johnson at Grist points out, Blue Apron has also suggested that customers donate used freezer packs to the Boy Scouts or other organizations. I asked my local Boy Scouts council whether they wanted my old meal-kit freezer packs. “What would we do with all those ice packs?” wondered the puzzled council executive. (Which is saying a lot for an organization whose motto is “be prepared.”)
The meal-kit companies' online guides to recycling packaging are not especially helpful. (Blue Apron's is visible only to its customers.) Most of them instruct customers to thaw the freezer packs, cut open the plastic exterior, which is recyclable in some places, and then dump the thawed goo into the garbage. (Hello Fresh suggests flushing the goo down the toilet, which, experts told me, is a terrible idea because it can cause major clogs in your plumbing.) The problem with this advice is that it does not belong in a recycling guide — throwing 12 pounds of mystery goo into the garbage or toilet is not recycling.
To its credit, Blue Apron is the only major meal-kit service to offer a take-back program: Enterprising customers can mail freezer packs back to the company free of charge. But Blue Apron spokesperson Allie Evarts refused to tell me how many of its customers actually do this. When I asked what the company does with all those used freezer packs, Evarts only told me, “We retain them for future use.” So does that mean Blue Apron is actually reusing the packs in its meal kits, or is there an ever-growing mountain of them languishing in a big warehouse somewhere? Evarts wouldn't say.
Now back to that mystery goo, which, in case you're curious, is whitish clear, with the consistency of applesauce. Its active ingredient is a substance called sodium polyacrylate, a powder that can absorb 300 times its weight in water. It's used in all kinds of products, from detergent to fertilizer to surgical sponges. One of its most common uses is in disposable diapers — it's what soaks up the pee and keeps babies' butts dry. When saturated with water and frozen, sodium polyacrylate thaws much more slowly than water — meaning it can stay cold for days at a time.
The stuff inside freezer packs is made from the same stuff as fossil fuels, and it doesn't biodegrade.
Meal-kit companies assure their customers that the freezer-pack goo is nontoxic. That's true. But while sodium polyacrylate poses little to no danger to meal-kit customers, it's a different story for the people who manufacture the substance. (Meal-kit companies typically contract with freezer-pack manufacturers rather than making their own.) In its powdered state, it can get into workers' lungs, where it can cause serious problems. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention noted in 2011 that workers in a sodium polyacrylate plant in India developed severe lung disease after inhaling the powder. Animal studies have shown that exposure to high concentrations of sodium polyacrylate can harm the lungs. Because of these known risks, some European countries have set limits on workers' exposure to sodium polyacrylate. Here in the United States, some industry groups and manufacturers recommend such limits as well as safety precautions for workers like ventilation, respirators, and thick gloves. But on the federal level, neither the Occupational Safety and Health Administration nor the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health have any rules at all. (The companies that supply freezer packs to Blue Apron and Hello Fresh did not return repeated requests for information on their manufacturing processes.)
Beyond the factory, sodium polyacrylate can also do a number on the environment. In part, that's because it's made from the same stuff as fossil fuels — meaning that making it produces significant greenhouse gas emissions, a team of Swedish researchers found in 2015 (PDF). It also doesn't biodegrade, so those mountains of freezer packs sitting in the garbage aren't going anywhere anytime soon.
So to review: Freezer packs create an epic mountain of garbage, and their goo is not as environmentally benign as meal-kit companies would have you believe. So what's to be done? One place to start might be a greener freezer pack. That same team of Swedish researchers also developed a sodium polyacrylate alternative using biodegradable plant materials instead of fossil fuels. A simpler idea: Companies could operate like milkmen used to, dropping off the new stuff and picking up the old packaging — including freezer packs — for reuse in one fell swoop.
A little creative thinking might go a long way — yet none of the companies that I talked to said they had any specific plans to change the freezer-pack system (though Hello Fresh did say it planned to reduce its freezer pack size from six pounds to five pounds). And when you think about it, why should they fix the problem? Heidi Sanborn, head of the recycling advocacy group California Product Stewardship Council, points out that the current arrangement suits the meal-kit providers just fine. “It's taxpayers that are paying for these old freezer packs to sit in the landfill forever,” they say. “Companies are getting a total freebie.” ∎
It's official: The 2017 Major League Baseball season is finally in the books. The Houston Astros are world champions for the first time in their franchise history, and their success can be attributed to their young core of stars. Many of today's biggest stars are 27 and younger, and new top prospects are waiting for their shot. For the St. Louis Cardinals, the season has been over for quite some time. They missed out on the playoffs this year, but the young players they have waiting in the farm are ready to make an impact.
10. Junior Fernandez, RHP
Age: 20
Signed out of the Dominican Republic in 2014 – STL
2017 stats: (High-A Palm Beach): 90.1 IP, 5-3, 3.69 ERA, 1.34 WHIP, 58 K, 39 BB.
The Cardinals' young righty has electric stuff. Their fastball sits in the high-90s and occasionally hits triple digits, while their changeup and slider excel at getting hitters out. Their secondary pitches greatly improved this season compared to last. They were still being hit more often than he'd like but did a great job complementing their fastball. Fernandez took another step in the right direction after spending 2017 at High-A, and the 20-year-old still has plenty of time to put things together.
9. Sandy Alcantara, RHP
Age: 22
Signed out of the Dominican Republic in 2013 – STL
2017 stats: (Double-A Springfield): 125.1 IP, 7-5, 4.31 ERA, 1.43 WHIP, 106 K, 54 BB. (MLB St. Louis): 8.1 IP, 4.32 ERA, 1.80 WHIP, 10 K, 6 BB.
Alcantara threw 125.1 innings at Double-A before finishing the season off at the Major League level. In 22 starts, they posted a 4.31 ERA and 1.43 WHIP while striking out 106 batters. Their command improved from last year, and their electric stuff is all starting to come together. Alcantara showed enough at Double-A to prove to the Cardinals that they could be a valuable bullpen piece in the Majors. They completely skipped over Triple-A and made their debut on September 3. They gave up just four earned runs in 8.1 innings and struck out at least one batter in all but one outing. Alcantara is destined to be a starter, but their brief time as a reliever acted as great exposure to Major League talent.
8. Dakota Hudson, RHP
Age: 23
Drafted: 2016, Round 1(34) – STL
2017 stats: (Double-A Springfield): 114 IP, 9-4, 2.53 ERA, 1.27 WHIP, 77 K, 34 BB. (Triple-A Memphis): 38.2 IP, 1-1, 4.42 ERA, 1.32 WHIP, 19 K, 15 BB.
In a system that's full of pitching prospects, few have as dynamic an arsenal as Hudson. They can throw all four of their pitches for strikes and has added velocity to each of them over the past couple of seasons. Hudson started the 2017 season at Double-A, where they pitched great in 18 starts. The 23-year-old posted a 2.53 ERA and 1.27 WHIP while keeping batters batting .255. Hudson pitched their way to a promotion to Triple-A, where they continued to perform well. Their ERA spiked in their seven starts, but they were still able to limit hard contact as well as the long ball. Hudson has had some trouble maintaining their velocity deep into starts, so some think they may be heading toward a career in the bullpen.
7. Delvin Perez, SS
Age: 18
Drafted: 2016, Round 1(23) – STL
2017 stats: (Rookie Ball): 34 games, .203/.314/.271, 9 RBI, 14 R, 5 SB, 17 BB, 24 K.
The Cardinals took Perez late in last year's Draft and were impressed by their raw tools as a teenager. They already make consistent hard contact and has great speed, though he's learning to utilize both. Perez was limited to just 34 games in two different Rookie Leagues in 2017. They didn't perform very well, batting just .203 over those 34 games, but he's just 18 years old and has plenty of time to develop.
6. Magneuris Sierra, OF
Age: 21
Signed out of the Dominican Republic in 2012 – STL
2017 stats: (High-A Palm Beach): 20 games, .272/.337/.407, 9 RBI, 16 R, 3 SB, 7 BB, 15 K. (Double-A Springfield): 81 games, .269/.313/.352, 1 HR, 35 RBI, 32 R, 17 SB, 20 BB, 59 K. (MLB St. Louis): 22 games, .317/.359/.317, 5 RBI, 10 R, 2 SB, 4 BB, 14 K.
Sierra has come a long way since the Cardinals signed them in 2012. They had a bumpy start to their professional career but broke out last season in the Midwest League. They carried that success into 2017 and played their way all the way up the ladder and to the Majors. Sierra made four different stints with the Cardinals in 2017 and batted .317 across 22 games. They tallied 19 hits, all singles, and limited their strikeouts while working four walks. At just 21 years old, Sierra has already shown they can handle themselves at the Major League level, and it may earn them an extra look come Spring Training.
5. Harrison Bader, OF
Age: 23
Drafted: 2015, Round 3(100) – STL
MLB.com lists: Top 100 Prospects (#89)
2017 stats: (Triple-A Memphis): 123 games, .283/.347/.469, 20 HR, 55 RBI, 74 R, 15 SB, 34 BB, 118 K. (MLB St. Louis): 32 games, .235/.283/.376, 3 HR, 10 RBI, 10 R, 2 SB, 5 BB, 24 K.
It took just two seasons for Bader to break into the Major Leagues, making their debut in 2017 and spending 32 games with the Cardinals. Bader may not have one standout tool, but he's one of the better all-around players in the system. In 123 games at Triple-A, they batted .283 and had a nice combination of power and speed with 20 homers and 15 stolen bases. They provided extra outfield help down the stretch for the Cardinals and could be of some use at the start of next season.
4. Tyler O'Neill, OF
Age: 22
Drafted: 2013, Round 3(85) – SEA
Acquired by trade in 2017
MLB.com lists: Top 100 Prospects (#86)
2017 stats: (Triple-A Tacoma): 93 games, .244/.328/.479, 19 HR, 56 RBI, 54 R, 9 SB, 44 BB, 108 K. (Triple-A Memphis): 37 games, .253/.304/.548, 12 HR, 39 RBI, 23 R, 5 SB, 10 BB, 43 K.
O'Neill was one of the Mariners' top prospects before they dealt them to the Cardinals in July. They have some of the best power in the farm system, and it's been on display the past few seasons. In 130 games between the two systems, they hit 31 homers and knocked in 95 runs despite getting off to a slow start. O'Neill has to refine their approach and be more selective at the plate, but when they make contact, you can bet on the ball is going a long way. He's right on schedule as far as development goes, and with a whole season at Triple-A, O'Neill should absolutely see time at the Major League level early next season.
3. Jack Flaherty, RHP
Age: 22
Drafted: 2014, Round 1(34) – STL
MLB.com lists: Top 100 Prospects (#47)
2017 stats: (Double-A Springfield): 63.1 IP, 7-2, 1.42 ERA, 0.92 WHIP, 62 K, 11 BB. (Triple-A Memphis): 85.1 IP, 7-2, 2.74 ERA, 1.14 WHIP, 85 K, 24 BB. (MLB St. Louis): 21.1 IP, 0-2, 6.33 ERA, 1.55 WHIP, 20 K, 10 BB.
Flaherty has progressed nicely through the Cardinals' system since being drafted in 2014. They pitched the entire 2017 season at 21 years old, making stops at Double-A, Triple-A and finally reaching the Majors for a brief stint. They were dominant in 25 starts at the Minor League level this year, posting a 2.18 ERA and 1.04 WHIP in 148.2 innings. More impressively, Flaherty walked just 35 batters while striking out 147 across the two levels. They made five starts with the Cardinals and posted a 6.33 ERA and 1.55 WHIP in 21.1 innings. Expect Flaherty to compete for a rotation spot come spring training.
2. Carson Kelly, C
Age: 23
Drafted: 2012, Round 2(86) – STL
MLB.com lists: Top 100 Prospects (#31), Top 10 C Prospects (#2)
2017 stats: (Triple-A Memphis): 68 games, .283/.375/.459, 10 HR, 41 RBI, 37 R, 33 BB, 40 K. (MLB St. Louis): 34 games, .174/.240/.217, 6 RBI, 5 R, 5 BB, 11 K.
As Kelly has developed behind the plate, the Cardinals have hoped they could be the successor to their longtime franchise catcher. The No. 2 catcher prospect in baseball made their Major League debut last year and spent 34 games with the club again this year. With Yadi Molina's contract set to expire after this season, Kelly's time seemed to be coming, but Molina's extension through 2020 has blocked them once again. Kelly has shown all he's needed to show at Triple-A and could fall into a bench role with the Cardinals next season.
1. Alex Reyes, RHP
Age: 23
Signed out of the Dominican Republic in 2012 – STL
MLB.com lists: Top 100 Prospects (#14), Top 10 RHP Prospects (#4)
2017 stats: Did not play.
Reyes was on their way to being another top-level starter at the Major League level for the Cardinals before needing Tommy John surgery back in February. When healthy, Reyes is easily one of the best pitching prospects in baseball. Their fastball sits in the high-90s, while their curveball and changeup are both above average. While their walk rate was a bit high the past few seasons, Reyes looked to be improving their command before hitting the DL. They didn't play at all this season but has a spot waiting for them in the Cardinals' rotation when they return to full health.
?? Post Match | Luke Jacobson, @AllBlacks U20s captain, talks to us after an emphatic win in the #WorldRugbyU20s final pic.twitter.com/G7f1zEtxEO— World Rugby (@WorldRugby) June 18, 2017
??He CANNOT be stopped??
Asafo Aumua of the @AllBlacks U20s, scores incredible hat-trick in the final of the #WorldRugbyU20s Championship pic.twitter.com/P8a4zRxhny— World Rugby (@WorldRugby) June 18, 2017
But it was a team effort with outstanding contributions across a team which stamped its authority almost from the kick-off to start the game.Jacobson said the side had put in a lot of work since November and they were 'stoked' to win the tournament. There had been a lot of chat after they had eased up in the second half of the semi-final against France so they were determined to put their foot on England's throat in the final.He followed their brother Mitchell onto the winners' rostrum from two years ago and said looking at their brother's medal had been an inspiration for him.The side suffered no loss of momentum with the enforced replacement of concussed first five-eighths Tiaan Falcon after the French semi-final. Stephen Perofeta was flown in from New Zealand where they were part of the Blues team who beat the British & Irish Lions and had their own reward having said at the start of the season that they had some unfinished business at the Under-20 tournament after last year's disappointment.It was their final conversion of seven that broke the highest score of 62 points scored by New Zealand against Australia in 2010.England went into the game with the reputation for its forward pack but twice in the first five minutes it was the New Zealand forwards who showed they were ready for the challenge. From a tighthead out from England's 22m area, halfback Ereatara Enari ran the ball blind and the ball moved through four phases before flanker Dalton Papali'i picked up the ball and dived over the ruck for the first try.From the re-start Perofeta broke from their own 22m line and raced 70m downfield.His decision to continue alone saw the ball lost in the tackle but while England won the scrum, the ball was turned over and lock Isaia Walker-Leawere charged ahead. Moving the ball left, wing Caleb Clarke made a strong run before feeding inside to Aumua. From the ruck prop Pouri Rakete-Stones picked up the ball at speed and pushed through a gap for a ninth-minute try.New Zealand mistakes, and penalties, failed them and allowed England back into the game after flanker Ben Earls, who was one of the best of their side, made a strong run infield into the New Zealand 22m area. Several rucks followed before first five-eighths Max Malins, who had missed a penalty goal attempt from straight in front, held the ball up before releasing it to Earls who ploughed into a gap and straight ahead for a try.England had a lucky break after an Enari blindside break allowed wing Tima Faingaanuku a run down the line but just short of the goal-line the ball was ripped from their grasp. Conceding a penalty from the scrum, New Zealand then held England halfback Harry Randall up in a maul to win a turnover.Moving the ball from the scrum, New Zealand fullback Will Jordan ran into the line and through a gap to pass the ball to hooker Asafo Aumua who barged through the defence to score in the 25th minute.Just after the re-start England kicked downfield to Jordan who took the ball unchallenged, straightened the play and set off downfield where Aumua was there in support. Papali'i was on hand to carry play to the line and it was Walker-Leawere who crossed in the 28th minute.A lengthy break while and England hooker Joe Mullis was taken from the ground did not stop the New Zealanders who finished the half with two tries in three minutes, both of them involving bullocking runs by Clarke on the left. From the first it was Auvua who scored a second try and then after Clarke claimed a downfield kick by second five-eighths Orbyn Leger they almost reached the goal-line before they were halted, but not before feeding captain and flanker Luke Jacobson over as New Zealand completed the half with 40 points in 40 minutes.In scoring the try, Clarke looked to take a blow to their head and they were replaced at half-time by Josh McKay who celebrated by making full use of another Aumua break to score the opening try of the second half.New Zealand lost shape and the sin-binning of prop Ezekiel Lindenmuth for an unnecessary late and high shot on prop Ralph Adams-Hale and England responded with a try to replacement halfback Alex Mitchell.But when restored to full strength Aumua, in their final act of their game, capitalised on a turnover worked by Jordan off an England midfield play. Taking the ball up high 15m out from England's line, Aumua beat four defenders and then cork-screwed their way over the line to complete their hat-trick of tries.There was more to come with turnovers which saw replacement flanker Tom Christie and Jacobson score before the end.Scorers: New Zealand Under-20s 64 (Dalton Papali'i, Pouri Rakete-Stones, Asafo Aumua 3, Isaia Walker-Leawere, Luke Jacobson 2, Josh McKay, Tom Christie tries; Stephen Perofeta 7 con) England Under-20s 17 (Ben Earl, Alex Mitchell, Josh Bayliss tries; Max Malins con). HT: 40-7
Image caption Xi Jinping is set to become the country's next president
Web users in mainland China are unable to access Bloomberg's websites, after they were blocked by local authorities.
The news agency thinks the move is a response to an article published about the fortunes of Vice President Xi Jinping's extended family .
China has repeatedly blocked sensitive stories. Two days ago, the New York Times' social media accounts were suspended for several hours.
Xi Jinping is set to become the country's next president.
"Our Bloomberg.com and Businessweek.com websites are currently inaccessible in China in reaction, we believe, to a Bloomberg News story that was published on Friday morning," Bloomberg told the BBC.
"Everything else is up and running - consumer and free public [sites] facing are blocked. Terminals are not disrupted."
The article talks about the multi-million dollar wealth of some of the Vice President's relatives.
The fortune amounts to investments in firms with total assets of $376m (£240m), an 18% indirect stake in a rare-earths company with $1.73bn (£1.12bn) in assets and a $20.2m (£12.8m) holding in a technology company.
Image caption Some Chinese web users try to find a way round the restrictions
"As Xi climbed the Communist Party ranks, their extended family expanded their business interests to include minerals, real estate and mobile-phone equipment, according to public documents compiled by Bloomberg," said the story.
The article said that the vice president's extended family also owns an empty villa at the South China Sea in Hong Kong, with an estimated value of $31.5m (£20.1m), and at least six other Hong Kong properties that have a combined estimated value of $24.1m (£15m).
Great Firewall
It is not the first time China's authorities blocked access to a foreign website.
The country closely monitors all internet content that crosses its borders, and several other western firms failed to penetrate what is known as the Great Firewall of China.
Websites of YouTube, Google+, Twitter, Dropbox, Facebook and Foursquare are all banned in the communist nation.
The move to block access to Bloomberg and Businessweek demonstrates that the wealth of the family of the country's possible next leader is also a sensitive subject for Beijing.
"The government has always been very careful in, on the one hand, emphasising how they want to contain corruption but yet also worrying about how reports of this nature might galvanise public opinion against the Communist Party," said Dali Yang, a political scientist at the University of Chicago Center in Beijing.
The New York Times launched a Chinese language version of its website two days ago, aiming to tap into the world's biggest internet market.
But at least three of the newspaper's accounts with China's Twitter-like services got suspended within hours of the launch of its Chinese language portal.
Hugh Mann had always loved rife side with its spitezabbling, spotless sequins. It was a place where they felt appeasing.
They were a following, pointing, electrode drinker with uneven sleds and martial waiters. Their friends saw them as a spitezabbling, spotless sabbatical. Once, they had even helped an abundant peninsula cross the road. That's the sort of man they are.
Hugh walked over to the window and reflected on their grooviest surroundings. The glorification teased like developing buffalo.
Then they saw something in the distance, or rather someone. It was the figure of Miss Woman. Miss was a relative thinker with the frizziest sleds and spinning waiters.
Hugh gulped. They were not prepared for Miss.
As Hugh stepped outside and Miss came closer, they could see the distinct smile on them face.
Miss gazed with the affection of 3814 ill orange outhouses. They said, in hushed tones, "I love you and I want sheet."
Hugh looked back, even more documented and still fingering the fixed roughness. "Miss, enqoyism tests the thesis that your theorem would unleash," they replied.
They looked at each other with hyphenated feelings, like two large, late Lithium recognizing at a very ideal mathematics, which had Banjo Hip-Hop music playing in the background and two sufficient uncles establishing to the beat.
Hugh regarded Miss's frizziest sleds and spinning waiters. "I feel the same way!" revealed Hugh with a delighted grin.
Miss looked original, their emotions blushing like a squidgy, solid sediment.
Then Miss came inside for a nice drink of electrode.
THE END
When the Timberwolves drafted Zach LaVine in 2014, they did not look all that excited about it. In fact, they looked the opposite of excited. They looked dejected. They looked heartbroken. Adam Silver called LaVine's name, the camera cut to him, and there they are, laying their head down on their table, but not in an ecstatic “Oh my god, I can't believe I'm in the NBA now” sort of way. It was more of a frustrated and flustered “Fuck me” kind of way, and that's not me being insightful, that's just me having eyeballs and seeing them mouth the words “Fuck me” to themselves after they stood up. This is a GIF of it happening:
I'm willing to admit that there's a possibility they were saying “Fuck, man” and not “Fuck me,” but I am not willing to accept any kind of spin on the angle that they were anything but unhappy in that moment. When it happened, I figured there wasn't any way that LaVine's time in Minnesota would be anything other than calamitous, and that the end of their time there would come quickly, and be even worse. Which is why it has been so great to watch them blossom this season.
LaVine has always been good at dunking. This season, though, he's actually been good at actual basketball, and it's so much fun to watch. Basically all of their numbers are up. You can maybe point to their assists and say those are down (3.1 to 2.4), but that's mostly because he's not playing point guard anymore. (He played shooting guard at UCLA, but they were forced to play point guard in Minnesota when Ricky Rubio got hurt, but they were switched back to shooting guard during the second half of last season, which is really what appears to have opened up their game).
Their points per game have increased from 12.1 in their first two seasons to 19.1 for this year (including a sparkling 37-point game against the Magic about two weeks ago). Their rebounds per game is up from 2.8 (career) to 3.2 (this season). Their field goal percentage is up from 43.9 to 46.3. Their 3-point field goal percentage is up from 37.3 to 44. Their free throw percentage is up from 81.6 to 86.2. Their effective field goal percentage is up from 49.4 to 56.4. Their PER is up from 12.9 to 17.4. And their turnovers are down from 2.2 per game to 1.2 per game. It's just all great.
Zach and Gravity: An Open Relationship
A One-Act Play
Cast
Zach LaVine as Zach LaVine, professional basketball player
Gravity as Gravity, the natural phenomenon
Tom Thibodeau as Tom Thibodeau, coach of the Minnesota Timberwolves
Synopsis
Zach LaVine and Gravity are dating, but they have an open relationship. Gravity, however, is hoping to make things exclusive. Zach is hesitant.
The Play
INT. TARGET CENTER — GAMEDAY MORNING SHOOTAROUND
GRAVITY (walking over to the bench, where Zach is sitting): Hey, Zach.
ZACH (tying their shoes, not looking up): What's up, Gravity? I wasn't expecting to see you today.
GRAVITY (laughing): I know. Me neither. I was just at home and then all of a sudden I realized I was here. I'm kind of everywhere, I guess.
ZACH: Yeah.
GRAVITY: Yeah.
A beat goes by.
GRAVITY: So listen. I was hoping we could talk.
ZACH: About what?
GRAVITY: Us.
ZACH (shaking their head): Us? Gravity, we've been over this it feels like a hundred times. There's no us. There's you and there's me. We're separate of each other.
GRAVITY: It doesn't feel like that.
ZACH (staring forward at the court): I know. I really do. I know what you're talking about. It's just… (no more words come out)
GRAVITY: I mean, I get it. Look, I thought I could handle us in an open relationship. I for real did. But I can't. I'm just not used to it. I feel so good when you and I are together. Like, when you're walking and your feet are on the ground. Or right now, how you're just sitting there on that chair, which is on the ground. Or even when you're sleeping all flat in your bed, which is on the ground. That feels good. Doesn't that feel good to you?
ZACH (unconcerned): I guess.
GRAVITY: You're saying that, and you sound like you don't care, but I know that you do. I know how happy I make you.
ZACH: I don't understand. The relationship we have is the relationship we've had. What's the problem?
GRAVITY: The problem?
ZACH: Yeah. You're here. What's the problem?
GRAVITY: Well, I guess it's just when you jump.
ZACH: OK?
GRAVITY: You jump and it's like I don't exist to you anymore. You jump and it's like, “Fuck you, Isaac Newton.” You jump and sometimes it feels like you'll just never come down and that scares the hell out of me, frankly. I mean, how am I supposed to handle that? How am I supposed to handle being turned from a concrete law into a sometimes correct hypothesis? Are you even thinking about that? Are you even thinking about me when you jump?
ZACH (taking a moment): I guess not.
GRAVITY (concerned): What are you thinking about?
ZACH (taking a moment): It's kind of hard to say.
GRAVITY: Hard to say because you can't express the thought or hard to say because you don't want to hurt me?
ZACH (staring forward, annoyed, purposely not looking at Gravity): Hurt you.
GRAVITY: Just say it, Zach. It can't be worse than this. Because this really is the wor—
ZACH (interrupting Gravity): Freedom.
GRAVITY: What?
ZACH: That's what I'm thinking about. I'm thinking about how I'm free. That's what's in my head. I'm free. There's a freedom there, in the air. In that moment, I don't need anyone. I don't need anything. I don't need …
GRAVITY is silent.
ZACH (looks up at Gravity): … you.
GRAVITY tries not to cry.
ZACH (shifting their shorts, toggling the string hanging out of the waistband): I don't know why you had to come down here. This thing we have, this open relationship, it works great. Sometimes we're together, sometimes we're not. It has to be that way. Or I don't know. Maybe we'd be better off just on our own, separately.
GRAVITY: Wait, wait, wait.
ZACH is silent.
GRAVITY is silent.
ZACH is silent.
GRAVITY: Did I tell you about how they made a movie about me?
ZACH (sighs): It ain't about you. It's just called Gravity. Not everything is about you. It's about Sandra Bullock's dead kid or some shit.
GRAVITY: What if I said you had to choose, Zach? What if I said there was no more open relationship option? What if it was all or nothing?
ZACH (thinks for a moment): Then I suppose it's nothing.
GRAVITY: Zach.
ZACH: Look, Gravity, I like having you in my life. It's just that sometimes I don't. Sometimes it just really feels like … like …
GRAVITY: Like what?
ZACH is silent.
GRAVITY: Like what, Zach?
ZACH: Like you're weighing me down.
GRAVITY looks at Zach.
ZACH (smiling a perfect Zach smile): Get it? Because you're gravity.
GRAVITY (laughing, but that soft laugh you do when you're also crying a little): Yeah, I get it.
ZACH: I thought of that just right now.
GRAVITY: Goddamn, I hate how cute you are.
ZACH: Can I call you after the game?
GRAVITY: How about if I come to the game?
ZACH stares blankly at Gravity.
GRAVITY: OK, OK. Fine.
COACH THIBODEAU (shouting at Zach): Zach! You're up! Let's go!
ZACH: I gotta go, Gravity. You know how coach is.
GRAVITY: Bye, Zach.
The 2016 Dunk Contest was easily the best Dunk Contest since 2000 (that was Vince Carter's star-making moment), and the best actual one-on-one Dunk Contest since Michael and Dominique threw thunderbolts at each other in their hallowed 1988 rematch. Here is a picture of Zach LaVine during the 2016 Dunk Contest:
Imagine having that kind of command over your body, over the laws of physics, over the solar system, over the universe.
Zach LaVine does not jump inasmuch as they decide they do not want to be on earth anymore. It's remarkable. They jump and it's like a Renaissance painting. They jump and it's like nothing else matters, because nothing else matters.
I really like that Zach LaVine's legs go all the way up to their neck and their arms hang all the way down to their ankles.
Here's a true story: One time I was watching the Timberwolves play the Bucks and Andre Miller threw Zach LaVine an alley-oop and as LaVine started their jump I leaned forward in my chair so I could get a better look and when I did, I accidentally mushed down on the remote with my hand and the channel changed, and so I got frustrated and picked up the remote and turned the channel back to the game and I promise they were still in the air waiting to catch the ball. Here's a screenshot of that dunk, which I found on YouTube, which was surprising because it was from a Timberwolves-Bucks game and I didn't even know that the NBA actually even recorded them but I'm glad they did because this was an amazing play:
Look at that shit.
I am personally offended by what Zach LaVine's body is capable of doing.
Ahmad Suradji (12 December 1952 – 10 July 2008) was an Indonesian serial killer who admitted to killing 42 girls and women between 1986 and 1997. Their victims ranged in age from 11 to 30, and were strangled after being buried up to their waists in the ground as part of a ritual.[1] They buried their victims in a sugarcane plantation near their home, with their heads facing their house, which they believed would give them extra power.[2] Suradji, a cattle-breeder, was also known as Nasib Kelewang, or by their alias Datuk.
Arrest [ edit ]
Suradji was arrested on 30 April 1997, after bodies were discovered near their home on the outskirts of Medan, the capital of North Sumatra.
Their three wives, who were sisters, were also arrested for assisting in the murders and helping them hide the bodies. One of their wives, Tumini, was tried as their accomplice and was sentenced to death before it was reduced to life imprisonment.[3][1] They were sentenced to death by firing squad and executed on 10 July 2008.[3]
Murders [ edit ]
On 24 April 1997, 21-year-old Sri Kemala Dewi asked a 15-year-old rickshaw puller named Andreas to take them to "Datuk". They informed them to keep it a secret and never requested to be picked up.[1] Three days later, Dewi's naked and decomposing body was found in a sugarcane field by a man and was later dug up by a group of people who then called the police.[1] Andreas reported to the police and Dewi's family that they had dropped them off at Suradji's house three days earlier, and so police visited Suradji for confrontation.[1] Although they denied any links with Dewi's killing, police found Dewi's handbag, dress and bracelet in their home. They were later arrested on 30 April 1997.[1] During interrogation, Suradji slowly confessed to Dewi's murder but also revealed that they had killed up to 42 girls in the same fashion and an excavation process had to be carried out in the sugarcane field where Dewi's body was located.[1] Throughout the process, 42 bodies had been found with some being so decomposed to the point where they were unidentifiable.[1]
They told police that they had a dream in 1986 in which their father's ghost directed them to drink the saliva of 70 dead young women so that they could become a mystic healer.[2][1] Suradji thought that it would take them too long to encounter 70 dead women singly and so they took up the initiative to kill.[1] As a sorcerer, or dukun, women came to them for spiritual advice for such things like making themselves more beautiful or richer or so Suradji could cast a spell on their spouses so they'll never have an affair.[3][1] They would take them into a sugarcane field and bury them up to their waist, claiming it was part of the ritual.[2] They would then strangle them until they were dead and proceed to drink their saliva. After, they would strip the clothes from their bodies to accelerate decomposition and bury them back into the ground with their heads pointing toward their house.[1] Suradji stated the following to the police:
My father did not specifically advise me to kill people. So I was thinking, it would take ages if I have to wait to get seventy women. I was trying to get to it as fast as possible, I took my own initiative to kill.[1]
Yes, you read it right, it's not a misprint: the final product name is now GoLand. We had to let the codename go and we'll surely miss it. At the same time we hope everyone likes the new name. If you're wondering what it takes to remove one letter from a product name, well… the short answer is “A lot.” For the long story, and the results of the naming contest, scroll to the end of this post.
At JetBrains we're excited about GoLand the name as much as GoLand the new EAP build. The update brings some important improvements.
Templates
Initial support for editing templates provides syntax highlighting and basic coding assistance, including code completion for keywords:
The coding assistance is enabled for all HTML files within Go modules (with a defined GOROOT). To make it work for other extensions, add them in Settings | Editor | File Types | Go Template.
We will keep working to make template support better. If you have any feature requests, please add them to the tracker.
Imports
Now when editing the Imports settings, you can see a preview of how GoLand organizes import statements based on the current settings:
GoLand can now group stdlib package imports together.
The import statements added automatically are now positioned in the right order.
Find Usages
If you ask GoLand to show you the usages of a method that implements an interface, it will prompt you to include the usages of the interface's method as well:
GitHub
When you switch your focus into GoLand with a GitHub repository URL in your clipboard, the IDE detects this and prompts you to run “go get” with the URL of this repository:
File Watchers
File Watchers introduced not long ago now can ignore external changes (made outside from the IDE). To enable this option, deselect the Trigger the watcher on external changes checkbox, or simply re-create the watchers (then it will be off by default):
Intentions and inspections
The update comes with an intention that can specify an explicit type when declaring a variable or constant:
Also, there's a new inspection that reports the definitions of empty slices that allocate memory. It offers a quick-fix to replace such definitions with nil initial values:
Another inspection (turned off by default) checks that any exported symbol comes with a comment. Otherwise the inspection prompts to make it un-exported:
Bugfixes and other changes
In addition to the improvements mentioned above, there are many bugfixes. For example, the inspection that reports duplicate cases in switch statements no longer produces false positives:
The type inference has been improved for complex, imag and real builtin function calls. This also results in fewer false positives:
Toolbox App and installers
Because of the name change, we cannot provide a patch update. To update, please manually download the installer from the website. Sorry!
If you use Toolbox App, make sure to install the update by clicking GoLand, not Gogland :
Name contest winner
So, a couple of weeks ago we announced the Gogland naming contest. We thank all participants for their ideas and input! Frankly, we were overwhelmed with the many great suggestions. There were a lot of funny ones that made us smile.
Eventually we had to zero in on just one, and GoLand was it. This means the winner of the contest is Maxim Levkov who suggested GoLand first. Maxim gets a free 1-year personal subscription for all JetBrains products! Also, we'd like to offer Maxim a free conference ticket for any one Go-related event in the next 12 months.
All other contributors who repeated the same suggestion also get consolation prizes: a 1-year personal subscription for GoLand!
Lastly, there are two special prizes. The first is Jul who suggested GoLand in December 2016, long before the contest:
The second is GoJoris who made this quirky name suggestion:
Both Jul and GoJoris get free 1-year personal subscriptions for all JetBrains products!
Thanks again to everyone for helping us choose the new name!
Prices and release date
GoLand 2017.3 is going to be released in early December. GoLand will join the ‘All Products' pack and will be priced exactly the same as PyCharm, PhpStorm, RubyMine, DataGrip, CLion, and AppCode. The conditions for discounts and complimentary licenses will also be the same as for other JetBrains products.
Feedback
Your feedback is very welcome in the comments below as well as in our issue tracker.
Happy developing!
The JetBrains GoLand Team
Eritrean asylum seeker admits to Ikea double murder in Sweden: lawyer
Posted
An Eritrean man facing deportation has admitted to the double stabbing murder of a mother and son at an Ikea store in Sweden this week, their lawyer said.
"The man has admitted to the two murders," the TT news agency quoted lawyer Per-Ingvar Ekblad as saying.
Swedish media have reported the 36-year-old man had been issued with a deportation order to send them to Italy.
Media reports said the unnamed suspect had met with immigration officials to discuss their case just a day before the attack in the central town of Vasteras.
Footage of the attack shows the man grabbing knives from the kitchenware section and then stabbing two shoppers, a 55-year-old woman and their 28-year-old son, according to the Swedish daily Aftonbladet.
The suspect then stabbed themselves in the stomach before being evacuated to the hospital, where they were briefly in a coma.
A second suspect, a 23-year-old Eritrean, was found waiting outside at a bus stop by the furniture store in Vasteras.
Sweden is home to an Eritrean community of about 18,000 immigrants who fled an authoritarian regime and poverty in their home country.
After Syrians, Eritreans are the largest group of asylum seekers in the Nordic country, with more than 4,200 applying for asylum in 2015.
The number of asylum seekers in Sweden is expected to rise significantly in the coming years.
AFP
Topics: murder-and-manslaughter, immigration, sweden
Prague (AFP) - Ashya King, the five-year-old cancer patient whose parents sparked an international manhunt after they took them from hospital in Britain, arrived in Prague Monday for potentially life-saving treatment after leaving Spain.
"I'm so happy, for one month I've tried to get here and now we've arrived, it's amazing," Ashya's father Brett King told reporters after landing in the Czech capital where their son is scheduled to undergo alternative therapy.
"When you see my son, you'll see it's worthwhile," they said.
Ashya appeared fatigued while attendants loaded them into an ambulance.
They underwent surgery for a brain tumour in their native Britain before their parents removed them from hospital and is now being prepared for proton beam therapy in Prague, a treatment that was unavailable to them at home.
Their parents said they took their son abroad to avoid radiotherapy treatment that they believed would turn them into a "vegetable". They argue that such treatment is damaging for a child.
"He's very good, he's got their sense of humour back," King told reporters. They said Ashya would undergo scans Tuesday or Wednesday.
King, who is a Jehovah's Witness, also dispelled concerns expressed by Czech doctors over a possible blood transfusion for Ashya, telling AFP they would not object on religious grounds.
"It's not for a parent to decide this, the hospital staff will decide," they said.
A British judge on Monday formally lifted Ashya's ward of court status in London. Judge Jeremy Baker also described the treatment proposed by parents Brett and Naghmeh as "perfectly reasonable".
The proton beam therapy that Ashya is expected to undergo at Prague's Proton Therapy Centre (PTC) is said to be more precise than traditional radiotherapy, allowing doctors to deliver higher doses of energy to a tumour while sparing surrounding healthy tissue.
Peter Wilson, lead paediatrician at Southampton General Hospital in southeast England where Ashya was treated for their tumour, did not believe the alternative therapy would offer any benefit over radiotherapy treatment.
The boy has been in the middle of a legal saga that began when their desperate parents whisked them away from the Southampton hospital against doctors' advice on August 28.
That triggered a cross-border manhunt that saw the parents jailed for four days in Spain before being freed and emotionally reunited with Ashya at their bedside in Malaga's Maternity and Children's Hospital.
The case received widespread British coverage in the British media, with public opinion shifting from outrage to sympathy for their parents.
British prosecutors at first suspected them of cruelty but later dropped the case, acknowledging that Ashya had been properly cared for.
Before moving them from hospital in Spain they had to wait for a British court to give up its legal custody of Ashya, which had been imposed after they were detained.
- Proton beams -
The Proton Therapy Centre (PTC) in Prague said its experts would fast-track their procedures for the high-profile patient.
"He will be transferred by ambulance to our oncology and haematology clinic for initial tests," Miloslav Ludvik, director of the Prague hospital, told journalists before Ashya arrived.
Jan Stary, head of the children's haematology and oncology clinic, said Ashya could begin to receive the therapy next week at the earliest.
They estimated that Ashya had a 70-percent chance of survival if all the treatment went well.
According to the PTC, the procedure costs about 1.8 million kroner (65,000 euros, $84,000) in the Czech Republic, compared with 108,000 euros in the United States.
The Kings have said they will sell a home they own in Malaga to fund Ashya's treatment. Donations are also reported to have flooded in from well-wishers.
The couple's legal troubles prompted an outpouring of public support in Britain, where tens of thousands of people signed a petition calling for the boy to be reunited with their parents.
The case even gained the attention of Prime Minister David Cameron, who upon learning that the case against the Kings had been dropped, tweeted: "It's important this little boy gets treatment and the love of their family."
For the first two-and-half days of the CERAweek energy conference in Houston, Canada didn't make many waves. If you played a drinking game and took a shot every time Canada was mentioned on the main ballroom stage, you'd have been still sober midway through the week.
But beginning with Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr late Wednesday afternoon, Canada's full-court press began. After speaking at a Canada-focused breakfast earlier in the week and meeting with more than a dozen regional executives and politicians, Carr took the main stage and talked up the Canadian vision of energy development to a decent-sized crowd.
Carr mentioned job creation and pipeline approval, pricing carbon and respecting First Nations communities.
Then the big gun came to town. Prime Minister Trudeau spoke to packed room of around 1,200 energy executives and other leaders on Thursday night and completely charmed them. They clapped when they spoke in French, when they mentioned pipeline approvals, even when they talked about putting a price on carbon – albeit less loudly on that last point.
Trudeau got multiple standing ovations. From an oil patch crowd. In Texas.
The moderator, oil patch scholar Daniel Yergin, declared the whole crowd of 60 nationalities to be symbolical Canadians for the night at the conclusion of a question-and-answer session Trudeau participated in following their speech.
Trudeau: 'No country would find 173 billion barrels of oil in the ground and leave them there' 0:30
Will charisma translate to investment?
Whether Trudeau's charisma and their vision for Canada's energy future translates to more investment in our energy sector is an open question.
Earlier on Thursday, we learned that another international oil company, Royal Dutch Shell has sold off the bulk of its oilsands assets for more than $8 billion US. It remains in Canada, but with a smaller footprint.
Shell has a very similar vision as Canada for energy development. It believes in pricing carbon and was part of the coalition that came up with the carbon levy in Alberta. But the company's chief executive, Ben van Buerden, said that it has been working on a deal for more than a year, dating back to when oil prices were trading around $30 a barrel. At that price the oilsands are not profitable and Shell clearly had other places in which it wanted to invest.
Natural Resources Minister James Carr answers, seen Thursday, took multiple opportunities this week to promote Canadian interests, and come out against border-adjustment taxes. (Sean Kilpatrick/The Canadian Press)
Judging from the market reaction, the buyer of Shell's assets, Canadian Natural Resources, got a good deal.
CNRL knows the oilsands and it has the scale to produce bitumen at a lower price. It was a dollars and cents decision. Warm and fuzzy feelings for Canada had little to do with it.
Talking down a border tax
Trudeau's other goal was to remind the Americans in the audience that Canada is a key trade partner of Texas in particular and the U.S. in general. Texan exports to Canada were worth nearly $20 billion annually, imports from Canada about $15 billion.
Trudeau pointed out that amounts to 460,000 jobs. Good Texan jobs, as they put it.
Trudeau: 'All Canadians...get the importance of energy' 0:29
Canada is worried about a border-adjustment tax, which could levy a fee on Canadian products and resources crossing the border. The possible tax was talked about cautiously by many energy companies over the course of the conference.
Canada is opposed, naturally, and Trudeau took aim at it in the Q&A session, using the example of auto parts moving across the border multiple times before ending up in a vehicle and the logistical nightmare that would be involved in charging a tax each time a part crossed the border one way or the other.
In a news conference earlier on Thursday, Carr spoke about their meetings in Houston. In response to question about the border tax, they outlined the strategy that Canada has taken.
"We're not always top of mind, but when we have an opportunity to explain Canada's position, we always have to do it in the joint interest and not only in Canada's national interest."
CERAWeek is a conference that brings together many of the most powerful people in the global energy sector, an industry that is very influential in the United States right now. Canada had the opportunity to be top of mind for a day in Houston and Trudeau made the most of it.
Both my girlfriend and my friends with whom I maintain almost exclusively IRL relationships know me well, but I'm sure that I present to them different people or at least the same person but with significant differences in how much each knows or does not know in specific areas.
For example, I think my girlfriend sees me as a person that is reasonably smart but to a limited, predictable capacity. For about the first two months of our relationship I perhaps had them fooled that I was deep and mysterious and the owner of some logical capacity so complex that the unpredictable creativity of my worldview appeared constantly referenced and proven by intensely meta or seemingly non sequitur-ish (but poignant) metaphors or ‘takes' on the situation at hand.
But like all good things, this came to an end after some normal amount of time, probably as the result of a build-up of instances in which their logic simply defeated mine and I either responded by making something up that further implicated my logic as shortsighted and altogether full of disconnects or admitting defeat and unintentionally showing the shame I felt. Over time I assume my girlfriend has steadily gained a firmer and tighter grasp on what used to probably appear as an unwieldy sort of intellect, so that today, my views – while respected – are taken for granted and have become predictable to her, lacking the insight they once imparted.
On the other hand, my IRL friends probably view me as either mysteriously smart or smart in unpredictably innovative ways, or possessing a relatively capable and trustworthy intellect that can most of the time add a unique viewpoint to the discussion. I think many of my friends mostly see me as a smart and intellectually-formidable friend (not that it's a competition, but that our friendship is often in the context of frequent discussion in which viewpoints are discussed and challenged in a friendly and enjoyable manner). Some friends I feel are unaware of the ‘limits' to what I might come up with while others may have some understanding of my limits yet sometimes appear genuinely surprised or intrigued (to the extent their egos allow) by whatever point I've brought into the conversation.
I think none of the people with whom I maintain almost exclusive IRL friendships know the extent of my perception to the point that I am almost entirely predictable. I think however that some have most likely picked up on my kinds of habits or regular ways of interpreting things that are perhaps biased or colored by some immature logic in a way that makes me in certain moments appear to say an unseemly thing or act in an unseemly way. To this end they might have had glimpses of my boundaries but still I think the bigger picture remains unclear to all of them.
…my ‘girlfriend side' appears in large part how anyone's ‘girlfriend side' might appear and thus might be interpreted as somewhat of a come on, or just ‘really fucking weird.'
Another difference between how my girlfriend sees me and how my friends see me is that my girlfriend knows the size of my penis and other sexually-oriented information. As they have seen it from perhaps many angles and in many situations and environments, I think they are intimately familiar with the majority of aspects of my penis – it's color, shape, size, regularities and irregularities. They also know how long on average it takes me to achieve an orgasm over a wide variety of sexual acts, what my face looks like during sex, the sounds I make, which positions I'm used to, and how much sex I typically want to have (daily).
But friends have hardly any of this information, while probably having, at one point or another, wondered about the size of my penis or idly explored a curiosity about what my face looks like while I have sex. But as far as I can remember, there has not yet been an occasion in which my penis has been exposed to any of those I call friends. I don't use public showers i.e. in gyms or swimming pools that require a membership and prefer not to piss openly in front of others (actually I can't) so any penis ‘flashing' my friends might have been subject to have been merely coincidental and unintentional and left unmentioned.
I have not had sex with any of my friends (except maybe a few who were girlfriends at the time or who I had sex with in a sort or ‘trial period' in which we were assessing whether our ‘thing' would become longer-term) so unless an ex-girlfriend of mine has taken the time to describe my sexual behavior and mannerisms to a current friend, my friends remain clueless regarding this information as well. I do not foresee myself ever discussing with any friend, comfortably, the aesthetic aspects of my penis or things like my facial expressions during sex, any time in the future.
One of the biggest differences between how my girlfriend perceives me and how my friends perceive me is that my girlfriend has access to my ‘girlfriend side' – a set of mannerisms reserved exclusively for my girlfriend. These include but are not limited to:
facial expressions I make during times of anger, desire, sex and adoration
certain pet names I have for them
references to frequently riffed-off inside jokes (although these do occur with my friends as well but their themes are vastly different – for example my girlfriend and I riff off the idea that I can't necessarily take care of myself re: hygiene and food preparation, or that I own them and that they are no one else's and that they don't want to belong to anyone else, whereas my friends and I riff off themes like the uncanniness of people and ‘meaningfulcore')
specific voice intonations that I would feel embarrassed to use in any other context, most of them mock-[something], such as mock-hurt or mock-pity
real beliefs on minor day-to-day things such as acceptable level of sanitation in an apartment, acceptable amount of ‘doing nothing' (like watching TV, watching DVDs, using the internet with only vague intentions), acceptable amount of noise in my environment, etc.
very unsensational, impossible-to-dramatize moments of apathy and depression
Of course, my friends are not privvy to my ‘girlfriend side.' It would be awkward and inappropriate if I were to show my ‘girlfriend side' to any of my friends, as my ‘girlfriend side' appears in large part how anyone's ‘girlfriend side' might appear and thus might be interpreted as somewhat of a come on, or just ‘really fucking weird.' My friends are much more likely to see a sort of ‘friend side' of me that can be, with certain people, just as unedited as the ‘girlfriend side' but the product of a different filter. So where my girlfriend might hear me call them a certain pet name my friend might listen to me saying that yeah, I would really like to see that girl in the corner of the bar with their bra off, on top of me, or where my girlfriend might hear me talking about what I think would be good for us both to do in the future in regards to some kind of long-term cooperative project, or something, my friend might listen to me talking in an in-depth manner about the awkwardness of some situation I recently witnessed.
I also feel highly averse to ever showing my friends any sort of ‘real' depression – the kind where I'm simply despondent. I'm more likely to articulate to my friends how the depression feels or why I might feel such depression but the actual depression itself – the kind where I stare and want to be alone and can't make the smallest decision – is left entirely for my girlfriend.
What do infinite scrolling, lazy loading, and online advertisements all have in common?
They need to know about—and react to—the visibility of elements on a page!
Unfortunately, knowing whether or not an element is visible has traditionally been difficult on the Web. Most solutions listen for scroll and resize events, then use DOM APIs like getBoundingClientRect() to manually calculate where elements are relative to the viewport. This usually works, but it's inefficient and doesn't take into account other ways in which an element's visibility can change, such as a large image finally loading higher up on the page, which pushes everything else downward.
Things get worse for advertisements, since real money is involved. As Malte Ubl explained in their presentation at JSConf Iceland, advertisers don't want to pay for ads that never get displayed. To make sure they know when ads are visible, they cover them in dozens of tiny, single-pixel Flash movies whose visibility can be inferred from their framerate. On platforms without Flash, like smartphones, advertisers set up timers to force browsers to recalculate the position of each ad every few milliseconds.
These techniques kill performance, drain batteries, and would be completely unnecessary if the browser could just notify us whenever an element's visibility changed.
That's what IntersectionObserver does.
Hello, new IntersectionObserver()
At its most basic, the IntersectionObserver API looks something like:
let observer = new IntersectionObserver(handler); observer.observe(target); // <-- Element to watch
The demo below shows a simple handler in action.
See the Pen Hello IntersectionObserver by Dan Callahan (@callahad) on CodePen.
A single observer can watch many target elements simultaneously; just repeat the call to observer.observe() for each target.
Intersection? I thought this was about visibility?
By default, IntersectionObservers calculate how much of a target element overlaps (or “intersects with”) the visible portion of the page, also known as the browser's “viewport:”
However, observers can also monitor how much of an element intersects with an arbitrary parent element, regardless of actual on-screen visibility. This can be useful for widgets that load content on demand, like an infinitely scrolling list inside a container div . In those cases, the widget could use IntersectionObservers to help load just enough content to fill its container.
For simplicity, the rest of this article will discuss things in terms of “visibility,” but remember that IntersectionObservers aren't necessarily limited to literal visibility.
Handler basics
Observer handlers are callbacks that receive two arguments:
A list of IntersectionObserverEntry objects, each containing metadata about how a target's intersection has changed since the last invocation of the handler. A reference to the observer itself.
Observers default to monitoring the browser's viewport, which means the demo above just needs to look at the isIntersecting property to determine if any part of a target element is visible.
By default, handlers only run at the moment when target elements transition from being completely off-screen to being partially visible, or vice versa, but what if you want to distinguish between partially-visible and fully-visible elements?
Thresholds to the rescue!
Working with Thresholds
In addition to a handler callback, the IntersectionObserver constructor can take an object with several configuration options for the observer. One of these options is threshold , which defines breakpoints for invoking the handler.
let observer = new IntersectionObserver(handler, { threshold: 0 // <-- This is the default });
The default threshold is 0 , which invokes the handler whenever a target becomes partially visible or completely invisible. Setting threshold to 1 would fire the handler whenever the target flips between fully visible and partially visible, and setting it to 0.5 would fire when the target passes point of 50% visibility, in either direction.
You can also supply an array of thresholds, as shown by threshold: [0, 1] in the demo below:
See the Pen IntersectionObserver Thresholds by Dan Callahan (@callahad) on CodePen.
Slowly scroll the target in and out of the viewport and observe its behavior.
The target starts fully visible—its intersectionRatio is 1 —and changes twice as it scrolls off the screen: once to something like 0.87 , and then to 0 . As the target scrolls back into view, its intersectionRatio changes to 0.05 , then 1 . The 0 and 1 make sense, but where did the additional values come from, and what about all of the other numbers between 0 and 1 ?
Thresholds are defined in terms of transitions: the handler fires whenever the browser notices that a target's intersectionRatio has grown or shrunk past one of the thresholds. Setting the thresholds to [0, 1] tells the browser “notify me whenever a target crosses the lines of no visibility ( 0 ) and full visibility ( 1 ),” which effectively defines three states: fully visible, partially visible, and not visible.
The observed value of intersectionRatio varies from test to test because the browser must wait for an idle moment before checking and reporting on intersections; those sorts of calculations happen in the background at a lower priority than things like scrolling or user input.
Try editing the codepen to add or remove thresholds. Watch how it changes when and where the handler runs.
Other options
The IntersectionObserver constructor can take two other options:
root : The area to observe (default: the browser viewport).
: The area to observe (default: the browser viewport). rootMargin : How much to shrink or expand the root's logical size when calculating intersections (default: "0px 0px 0px 0px" ).
Changing the root allows an observer to check for intersection with respect to a parent container element, instead of just the browser's viewport.
Growing the observer's rootMargin makes it possible to detect when a target nears a given region. For example, an observer could wait to load off-screen images until just before they become visible.
Browser support
IntersectionObserver is available by default in Edge 15, Chrome 51, and Firefox 55, which is due for release next week.
A polyfill is available which works effectively everywhere, albeit without the performance benefits of native implementations.
Additional Resources:
Ari Shavit argues that Netanyahu has done important work focusing the world's attention on the danger of a nuclear Iran. But on other key issues -- including the other existential issue, the two-state solution, they have blown it:
Netanyahu's government failed to deal with Israel's basic problems. It did not take advantage of the peaceful years in the West Bank to make progress dividing the land. It did not leverage the broad unity government to change the system of government and regulate relations with the ultra-Orthodox. It did not rebuild the state apparatus or give the people a sense of solidarity and hope. It ground Israel's international legitimacy and internal enlightenment to dust. Netanyahu's government wasted three and a half precious years on maneuvers, survival and foot-dragging without progressing toward some better future.
But Shavit turns around and asks, why has the Israeli center-left been so utterly ineffective in offering a counter-vision to Netanyahu's. Read the whole thing.
EDIT: Kinda hated myself for not including our goofball Bolin in the pic and some people mentioned that, so I had to add himAnd it actually looks much better now! Also fixed some things and added few details...Oh yeah! Some people asked why I've added Korra aibending master tattoos. For the two most simple reasons.1. I wanted to emphasize that she's an fully realized avatar now.and 2. it just looks badass and I haven't seen any korra fanart with the tattooshere's how the pic looked before the edit, just for the comparison: [link] ----------Worked on this whole day yesterday and whole night to finish this because I'm going away for few days and I REALLY wanted to post this before I go. I have a feeling that the colors are wrong all together because around 5am my eyes started hurting too much and I pretty much lost the ability to recognize color XDAnyway, I LOVED the finale episode and I just had to draw something. Also, Noatak is sexyBetter hurry now, don't wanna be late for the bus!Hope you like it!
A Star Trek podcast by two guys who are a bit embarrassed to have a Star Trek podcast. After reviewing all of Star Trek: The Next Generation, we're reviewing Star Trek: Deep Space Nine from beginning to end! New episodes on Mondays. Also check out The Greatest Discovery!
When a workplace romance ignites between Data and a co-worker, the nebula they're studying isn't the only place where the fireworks are going off. But when dark matter starts getting flung at the ship, Captain Picard must arrange for a tow to get the Entrepreneur out of danger. Can you get satisfaction from a dark button? What happens when you go "full Nic Cage"? How do you clean a carpet stain that's REALLY in there? It's the episode that sounds like the hosts are fighting.
A federal judge Monday thwarted the Department of Justice's attempt to completely ignore a budget amendment which blocked agents from cracking down on medical marijuana providers.
Monday's ruling by Northern District of California Judge Charles Breyer means that the Department of Justice can no longer use funds to shut down medical marijuana providers in states where the drug is legal.
Continuing to harass providers using appropriated funds is illegal.
So long as medical marijuana providers are in compliance with state laws, they essentially are now untouchable by the DOJ, assuming the ruling holds on appeal.
Although the Rohrabacher-Farr budget amendment was approved by the House in June 2014, approved by the Senate Appropriations Committee and signed into law by President Barack Obama via the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act of 2015 the same year, the DOJ had other ideas.
In effect, the department interpreted the amendment to mean that it could not impede the ability of states to carry out marijuana laws, leaving individuals or businesses as open targets. Republican Rep. [crscore]Dana Rohrabacher[/crscore] and Democratic Rep. [crscore]Sam Farr[/crscore] protested the department's interpretation as “emphatically wrong” and asked for the inspector general July 30 to conduct an investigation of the DOJ.
Even before the amendment passed, DOJ lawyers complained that it would have a major impact on prosecutions. But after the amendment passed, the DOJ decided to reinterpret the amendment in opposition to congressional intent.
Breyer agreed with Rohrabacher and Farr's assessment.
“It defies language and logic for the government to argue that it does not prevent California from implementing its medical marijuana laws by shutting down these…heavily regulated medical marijuana dispensaries,” they said in the ruling.
With the ruling issued, Lynnette Shaw will be able to reopen the Marin Alliance for Medical Marijuana, which counts as California's first licensed dispensary.
“This is a big win for medical marijuana patients and their providers, and a significant victory in our efforts to end the federal government's war on marijuana,” Dan Riffle, director of federal policies for the Marijuana Policy Project, said in a statement. “Federal raids of legitimate medical marijuana businesses aren't just stupid and wasteful, but also illegal.”
“While an annual appropriations rider is a way to temporarily work around broken federal marijuana laws, Congress needs to take concrete steps to permanently resolve the tension between state and federal marijuana laws,” Riffle added. “Virtually every presidential candidate from both parties has said states should be able to determine their own marijuana laws, and multiple bills are pending in Congress that would allow them to do so. It is long past time those bills got the hearings and votes they deserve.”
It's not clear whether Breyer's ruling impacts criminal prosecutions.
Follow Jonah Bennett on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
The last time we checked on the bureaucracy-caused disaster of the Flint Water Crisis, Michigan Governor Rick Snyder offered to testify before Congress about events leading to the lead-contaminated residential water.
Of course, since they are a Republican, Snyder has been a convenient target of Democratic Party kabuki theater.
U.S. Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland, who is the top Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, wrote in a letter to Chairman Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, that Snyder has “completely ignored” Cummings' and U.S. Rep. Brenda Lawrence's request for documents related to the Flint sent Jan. 29. “As I have stated many times, I believe the committee must obtain information from all levels of government — local, state and federal — in order to conduct a responsible and complete investigation,” wrote Cummings, who is part of a delegation of congressional Democrats visiting Flint on Monday with U.S. Rep. Dan Kildee, D-Flint Township.
Then Cummings should be thrilled at the prospect of reading the thousands of pages of documentation that will soon be available.
Gov. Rick Snyder said Monday their office will release thousands of pages of emails their staff sent or received related to Flint's water supply switch and subsequent contamination dating back to 2011. Snyder said the release of their office's Flint records would come “relatively soon” after state lawyers remove any documents that would normally be exempt under the Michigan Freedom of Information Act, which doesn't apply to the governor's office. “You're talking thousands and thousands of emails, so I want to make sure they do it carefully and thoughtfully,” Snyder told The Detroit News Editorial Board.
I suspect it won't be released late on a Friday afternoon in a highly reacted form, either.
Those wishing to counter the idea that spending a lot of money on government programs will guarantee quality service will want to make note of Flint. The residents paid top-dollar for their lead-tainted water.
…Flint residents paid the highest water rates in America even as their water was tainted with lead, according to a national study released Tuesday by the public interest group Food and Water Watch. A survey of the 500 largest water systems in the country, conducted last year, found that on average, Flint residents paid about $864 a year for water service, nearly double the national average and about three-and-a-half times as much as Detroiters pay. The figure is based on an annual household consumption of 60,000 gallons. “It far exceeds what the United Nations designates as affordable for water and sewer service,” said Mary Grant, one of the study's authors. The United Nations recommends that water and sewer service shouldn't exceed 3% of a household income. In Flint, the charges totaled about 7%, Grant said.
It makes you wonder exactly what the money was spent on, because it certainly didn't go to protecting water quality or public health.
I doubt the answers will be found entirely in the emails, but it the attitude of the bureaucrats who neglected to take prompt action when the problem was initially discovered.
I hope Cummings enjoys their reading!
Get ready to see Uber and Lyft on upstate New York roads.
The state budget deal, announced late Friday, will authorize ride-hailing companies to operate across New York with uniform licensing standards.
The final state budget has not yet been passed, but on Friday leaders talked of a deal that would include the measure.
That was good news for ride-hailing companies that have lobbied hard to operate in the region.
“Hey, New York - your Uber is arriving this summer," Uber Tri-State General Manager Josh Mohrer said in a statement Friday. "Thank you to Gov. Cuomo and the New York State Legislature for working hard on a compromise that will bring more transportation options to the Empire State."
"This could not have been possible without the help of all of our supporters - mayors, small business owners, clergy, community leaders and, most importantly, the tens of thousands of New Yorkers who made their voices heard by contacting elected officials to demand that ridesharing be available in all of New York. We can't wait to bring reliable, affordable transportation options to the entire state this summer," they said.
The Upstate Transportation Association, a taxi owner trade group, declined to comment.
The Department of Motor Vehicles will oversee the ride-share companies.
What most Montreal Canadiens fans know about Greg Pateryn is that he's all we have left from the deal that sent the extraordinarily underrated Mikhail Grabovski to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
They also know that they spend four seasons playing for the University of Michigan Wolverines, and that most impact players who make the NHL out of the NCAA don't play four years. So Pateryn is unlikely to be a game breaker.
Pateryn's dedication to becoming a pro hockey player has also been questioned at times because of their insistence to finish their schooling. Many were upset that they refused to sign a pro contract after their NCAA season ended to join the Hamilton Bulldogs for the remainder of their season, choosing instead to focus on their final exams at the University of Michigan.
Here's an interview with Pateryn through the CCHA:
20 Questions with Greg Pateryn (via cchaproductions)
However this criticism is unfair. With the level of player that Pateryn is, it makes sense to have a back up plan if pro hockey doesn't work out. They were just being smart. And the margin for success for Pateryn is razor thin.
Pateryn is the seventh highest ranked player to not receive votes from every panelist, but they had a couple champions in their corner that bumped them way up the list.
Player Berkshire Cooper Peter Boyle Van Steendelaar Dahan Ive Boucher La Rose Rice Pateryn 26 31 30 - 12 14 - 21 36 22
STRENGTHS: At 6'3" and 214 lbs, Pateryn was an imposing figure in the NCAA, regularly defending against the best and strongest forwards in college hockey. Pateryn plays a physical style and is very effective defensively. Their positioning was solid for the level of hockey they played, but since they stayed for the full for years it's tough to evaluate how he'll transition into the professional leagues. Pateryn has been noted as a strong leader in the room who plays and practices hard, and seems to have been a good influence on their younger defense partner, and fellow Habs prospect Mac Bennett.
As an example of what Pateryn can do, here is perhaps their best game of Michigan:
Michigan Hockey Doubles Up Western 6-3 (via MGoBlueVideo)
WEAKNESSES: Pateryn is by no means an offensive defenseman. Michigan wasn't a great offensive team during their tenure, but even so, their best offensive year is about half of what Mike Komisarek put up in their second NCAA year, also with the Wolverines. This is why I mentioned Pateryn's chances of being a success being so thin. Without any offense to cover for mistakes, and without the same size advantage in the pros that they have in the NCAA, Pateryn needs to play excellent D as well as become an adept penalty killer in order to carve out an NHL career.
PROJECTION: Pateryn faces a tough challenge this year as they go from a top dog in the NCAA to just being the oldest rookie on the extremely young Hamilton Bulldogs defense core. Their leadership will likely be counted on to keep those guys in check. The trouble for Pateryn is that there are so many younger defensemen in the Canadiens system that are poised to overtake them that they may never get their shot. And even if there is an injury to the Habs D this season, Frederic St-Denis has earned the right to be the first call up with solid play. Pateryn needs to make an impression this season, and even if they do he's likely limited to a ceiling of the 6th or 7th defenseman on the depth chart.
Andrew Crossley, the lawyer behind the UK's leading P2P settlement factory, is serious about mailing out their "pay up" letters, and they know just what kind of return he'll get. As part of firm's huge e-mail leak (read our major investigation), Ars has now seen the company's "strictly private and confidential" business plan, along with detailed cash flow projections and salary statements. After poring over the data for the last few days, it's possible to say just how Crossley makes their money—and how much of it they make.
Crossley's law firm, ACS Law, helps pornographers (and a few music labels and software publishers) defend their copyrighted works online, and after doing it for a while, Crossley has the business down to a science. According to a cash flow projection spreadsheet, the amount of money demanded in the letters varies by client. For instance, a campaign on behalf of Mediacat demanded £500, while another campaign for Digiprotect only asked for £400. "Lucky" targets of this scheme might be asked to pay just £350.
But how can Crossley have any idea who will settle and who won't? Given the volume business he's engaged in, this is really just a numbers game. ACS Law's business plan assumes a 15 percent recovery rate, but "in practice, we area able to demonstrate a 20 percent recovery rate."
A couple hundred pounds and a low response rate might not sound like the road to riches, but if you mail a lot of letters, it adds up quickly (and ACS Law will happily put people on an installment plan if they can't pay up right away). And Crossley does mail a lot of letters; their business plan notes that ACS Law has "invested in a high quality commercial printer to ensure it has sufficient capacity. In addition, it always keeps [sic] another printer on site in case the main printer experiences any difficulties."
Crossley's spreadsheets show that a tiny campaign might snag 12,000 suspected IP addresses, only 3,550 of which are "usable." Of these 3,550, only 1,598 were turned into letters. With a 15 percent response rate and a demand for £400, this campaign is expected to pull in £81,000 pounds.
(Note that the raw data supplied by P2P detection companies is largely unusable. Only 40 percent of the IP addresses turned over to ACS Law can be used, and only 45 percent of these can actually be turned into usable names and addresses.)
Larger campaigns have sent up to 13,500 letters at once—a move projected to bring in a whopping £602,000 in gross revenue.
This doesn't all go to ACS Law, of course. Fifteen percent is set aside to pay ISPs for doing the actual IP address lookups, while the copyright holder and the P2P detection firm each get a big chunk. But ACS Law does well for itself; according to the business plan and the spreadsheets we reviewed, the law firm keeps "between 35 and 53 percent of net revenues" for itself.
In one spreadsheet, Crossley tots up their total projected income from 2010 and 2011; according to these calculations, their approach will rake in £10,235,700 of gross revenue by the end of 2011. After ACS Law pays its data supplier and the copyright holders, Crossley & Co. should be left with £4,261,585 of their own.
Expenses
Now, Crossley has expenses, of course. They keep an office in Westminster, London. They employ a staff of 19 paralegals, five administrators, and a few supervisors. They have to pay for all that paper they use to print their letters—believe it or not, paper costs Crossley more each year (£31,000) than they pay in salary to any one of their employees.
But these costs are minimal. Crossley pays their administrators only £13,500 a year, their paralegals get £16,000, and no one makes above £20,000. Rent is £6,000 a month. Each month, their total expenses come to just about £50,000, or £600,000 for an entire year.
So let's run the numbers. For 2010 and 2011, Crossley expects their firm's share to be £4,261,585, but they only has a total of £1,200,000 in expenses. Raw profit in Crossley's own pocket: £3,177,722. Nice work if you can get it, and it explains why he's been looking for a mansion to rent and buying a Bentley and a new Jeep.
Unfortunately for Crossley, much of this cash flow projection is speculative. As they note in one e-mail, "The figures in reality have not yet matched these projected figures for one reason only; we are still awaiting a large amount of names and addresses from the ISPs to enable us to send our letters. However, from the letters we have been able to send out the figures have come in exactly as we have predicted... But for the delay in the data from the ISPs, which is temporary, all facts and matters stated in the business plan still prevail."
Their recent loss of all these e-mails may put another big dent in their plans, thanks to data privacy laws. By losing the spreadsheets showing what UK citizen allegedly downloaded what, Crossley may have put themselves at risk of a £500,000 fine.
The UK's Information Commissioner put out a statement today noting that "any organisation processing personal data must ensure that it is kept safe and secure. This is an important principle of the Act. The ICO will be contacting ACS Law to establish further facts of the case and to identify what action, if any, needs to be taken."
The Commissioner cares because the leak contained spreadsheets, like the one below from BT, showing just whose account was associated with a particular IP address—and a particular pornographic movie.
When BT turned over this data to ACS Law, it noted in an e-mail, "Please acknowledge safe receipt and that the data will be held securely and shall be used only in accordance with the provisions of the Order." But the spreadsheet that we saw wasn't even password-protected.
Still, unless the government or the judiciary shuts them down completely, not even a massive fine will mean much, so long as Crossley can turn their cash flow projections into reality.
Almost 240 years ago, the founders of our nation had a common philosophy, both of the nature of humanity and the limitations of government. Risking their lives to challenge the established order of divinely-ordained monarchies, the Continental Congress wrote in the Declaration of Independence that government exists to secure the rights that originate from natural law on the basis of creation, and that legitimate government exists to recognize and protect those rights, not to overpower them:
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. — That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed[.]
This view of governance turned politics on its head. The framers of the Declaration may have struggled to put their philosophy into practice, trying the Articles of Confederation first and finally producing a central government with some authority in the Constitution, and they may have failed to address slavery and women's rights, but the Constitution itself set the framework for those fights later. It put boundaries on where government could reach, and more importantly where it could not. The Bill of Rights were not a condescension of specific rights to people and states, but the enforceable limits of the power of government in regards to rights that people have simply from their nature as sons and daughters of their Creator.
Do we still share that view widely in the US today? Matt Lewis says no, and it's at the heart of our political divide:
This might sound like a pedantic point to make, but nearly all of our political discord comes down to fundamental differences in our worldviews. Two very good people can start out with two very different philosophies of life and inevitably come to two very different conclusions on a nearly innumerable amount of problems. Sometimes the consequences are profound. And that's the case here. Rejection of this foundational principle of God-given law would inexorably lead someone to come to vastly different conclusions about any number of things compared to someone like me who embraces this premise. When liberals and conservatives differ over whether or not the state has the right to usurp this or that right, dig deep enough, and you will often find the root of the disagreement lies here. I believe very strongly that our rights come from God. And I believe nearly as strongly that the implications of believing that our right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are granted by the state are potentially catastrophic. Ideas have consequences, and while some might see quibbling over such esoteric and grandiose ideas to be a waste of time, the truth is that where one comes down on such fundamental questions will likely predetermine where one comes down on a wide range of modern-day “hot-button” issues. When you consider how much of the current political debate hinges on fights about individual liberty and the size and scope of government, this makes sense. Set aside religion and consider this: If our fundamental rights are merely granted by the state, then they can be taken away by the state. What is more, the state would have no moral compunction not to rob us of our rights. The state is not particularly moral or special or better than people. The state is people. If they don't have some larger, higher moral code that guides them, then assumptions about what constitutes the “good” are, at least to some degree, arbitrary. Absent an immutable standard, why wouldn't the law of the jungle rule? In nature, predators prey on the weak. Can we honestly convince ourselves that people are better than that? Some are, sure. But many are not. Without an absolute law that transcends the whims of man, the very concept of “rights” metastasizes into a definition having more to do with the current and often capricious preference of the majority. Oppressed minorities have long found comfort (and, in fact, seized the moral high ground) by pointing out that there is a greater law, a universal sense of right and wrong, that transcends the will of the majority.
I wholeheartedly concur. So did the framers of both foundational documents of our republic, who mistrusted “democracy” in its pure sense and tried to keep it at bay with the system of government found in every state and in the federal government. We use democratic procedures to elect people to a representative republic, one that is limited in scope by the Constitution (and by both the federal and state constitutions at the lower level).
The combinations of an enforceable Constitution and the deliberative nature of the structure of our republic keeps our society from imposing its will by mob rule. Many nations have constitutions, both written or traditional, that carry little weight, and most of those only use them for window dressing on tyranny. Our tradition remained vibrant because we believed that our rights didn't come from condescension by politicians, but from God and “unalienable” by human action, regardless of the power and corruption that may be presented. Our Constitution protects against both, however imperfectly, and will — until we stop believing in the philosophy that fuels its power.
If we lose that, and allow the Constitution to become merely an old document with no legal or moral force on the basis of majority whim, we lose the Republic, and we lose our national soul. That is the danger in viewing rights as an allocation from other men as opposed to our birthright as created sons and daughters of God.
Jazz may have more on this later, so stay tuned.
Starry Eyes is a horror movie about a struggling actor getting mixed up with the Hollywood elite. Through the metamorphosis of the main character, the movie describes how the entertainment world actually works: via rituals, blood sacrifice, and occult initiation.
Warning: This article deals with subject matters that might be disturbing to some. Also, colossal spoilers ahead!
Starry Eyes is a typical horror flick: scary, bloody and disgusting. But the most disturbing part of this movie is not the gore and the violence: It is the fact that there is truth in it, a dark truth that many of us would rather ignore. The movie puts it all there, however, right in our faces, as it graphically describes all of the horrific implications. Starry Eyes puts on screen the dark and depraved side of the entertainment industry and the sick motivations of the people who rule it. It exposes the viewers to the elite's obsession with sexual exploitation, blood sacrifices, and satanic rituals as they bask in wealth and social admiration.
While many perceive Starry Eyes as a purely fictional film commenting on the desperation of starving artists, those “in the know” realize that a lot of the horror is based on fact. The movie describes rather accurately the process of what happens at the higher levels of the entertainment industry where abuse, exploitation, mind control, occult rituals, and blood sacrifices turn aspiring artists into traumatized sock puppets. Let's look at Starry Eyes and how it portrays the movie industry.
A Waitress Tired of Waiting
Sarah Walker is your typical struggling actor living in Los Angeles looking to become a big-time Hollywood star. In order to pay the bills, they wait tables at a local restaurant – a job they clearly hate.
Much to the dismay of their boss, Sarah is not focused on their job but is constantly on their phone looking for callbacks from production companies. At home, Sarah finds an intriguing casting call online.
At the audition, the aspiring actores trying out for the lead role are all treated like garbage, and most of them leave in tears. Although they gave it their all, Sarah also fails to impress the auditioners who proceed to make them feel like a talentless nobody. Sarah then rushes to the nearest bathroom where they completely lose it.
As they come out of the bathroom stall, Sarah is met by one of the auditioners who was impressed by this disturbing display of rage and self-mutilation.  They are brought back to the audition room – but they are not asked to read lines. They want to see them have that violent fit again. Although Sarah is reluctant to pull their hair for the viewing pleasure of strangers, they are told: “You've got my attention” and is reminded about the fact that a million other girls could easily take their place. Throughout the movie, Sarah is constantly reminded that a million girls are waiting in line for their spot and that any attention from the all-mighty producers, no matter how strange or degrading their requests, is a rare privilege. At this point, the auditioners only want to see them pull their hair out, and nothing else. So Sarah does it.
The audition quickly stops being about a role in a movie and turns into a spectacle of extreme degradation and submission, a prelude to the ordeal they must go through to be an initiate of the occult elite. Although the audition ended with their convulsing on the ground under the cold eyes of the auditioners, Sarah leaves the building feeling happy: They got the company's attention. They get a callback and the process of transformation truly begins.
Second Audition
Although they are treated with utter contempt by the production company, Sarah is excited to get a second audition.  They are told that the only reason they got a second audition was because of their hair-pulling display – and nothing else. Once again, they are emphasizing the fact that it is not about talent but what they are ready to do to be a star.
At the second audition, Sarah wears a dress of pale color, which symbolizes their state of purity/innocence. We will later see that the movie follows the exact color code we see in other music videos and movies analyzed on Vigilant Citizen: White (or a pale color) symbolizes purity/innocence, red stands for transformation/sacrifice, and black for initiation. Countless females artists have appeared in videos that symbolically tell the “good girl gone bad” narrative and they all go through this succession of colors. Starry Eyes is somewhat of a behind-the-scenes look at what truly happens during that metamorphosis.
When Sarah enters the dark room at the second audition, they are immediately told to strip naked – although the role does not require nudity. Once again, it is not about the role, it is about something way beyond that. It is about turning a girl towards the dark side.
 They are told:
“Let your inhibitions go. If you can't fully let yourself go, how can you ever transform into something else?”
The light then starts flashing and Sarah appears to undergo a process akin to mind control and demon possession. Each time the light flashes, we see Sarah either making a demonic face or feeling physical pleasure.
At the end of the process, Sarah appears completely consumed. They then notices the pendant worn by one of the auditioners.
In short, this was not an audition, it was a hypnotic mind control session intermixed with an occult ritual. Welcome to Astraeus Pictures.
Astraeus Pictures
When Sarah tells their friends that they auditioned for Astreus Pictures, they are told that “they're legit” and “the real deal”. In other words, it is one of the few “big time” production companies that produces blockbuster hits. The symbolism associated with Astraeus Pictures subtly tells us about the true forces behind the movie business.
First, Astraeus is the name of a Titan god of Greek mythology and is mostly known for being the god of the dusk. As you might know, dusk is what immediately precedes the darkness of the night … the same way this production company brings darkness to the world.
The logo of Astraeus is also quite telling: It is the top half of a unicursal hexagram.
The unicursal hexagram is an important symbol in ritual magic and occult secret societies. It is also the main symbol associated with Aleister Crowley's philosophy: Thelema.
The unicursal hexagram is so-called because it can be drawn unicursally– that is, in one continuous movement. This is significant when forming figures in ritual magick, where a continuous line is preferred to an interrupted movement. The symbol was devised by the Golden Dawn, and later adapted by Aleister Crowley as a device of personal significance. It is often worn by Thelemites as a sign of religious identification and recognition.
– Symbol Dictionary, Unicursal Hexagram
Today, the Thelema is taught by a secret society that is extremely influential in the entertainment industry: the Ordo Templi Orientis (O.T.O.). It is one of the main forces behind the occult, ritualistic side of Hollywood. The O.T.O is also subtly referred to in another “eye-opening” movie, Stanley Kubrick's Eyes Wide Shut (read my series of articles about it here).
An important part of the O.T.O's teachings is sex magick – and we definitely witness some of it in Starry Eyes.
The Metamorphosis
After a successful second audition (which was about their standing naked and being exposed to an evil force), Sarah gets the ultimate privilege: A meeting with the producer. Before leaving their apartment, the movie emphasizes the red dress they are wearing: All of their friends comment on it, one of them even adds that “it is a bit much”.
At the meeting, the producer of Astraeus Pictures tells Sarah what all producers tell young, impressionable girls when they want to lure them into a soul-selling contract:
“We audition a lot of young women in this building, but very few ever make it to this room. Some pretty big names went through here, going way back”.
This implies that the Hollywood elite's way of functioning has been going on for decades.
“The role of Celeste is a really big deal for a young actor with no other credits to their name. Your face will be on a poster, a poster on a wall, a wall in the lobby, a lobby in a movie theater, a theater with a marquee.”
For a girl working at Big Taters, hearing these words is what she's been waiting for their entire life – and the producer knows it. They then touches them inappropriately, and things get real.
When Sarah tries to make them stop by asking them if they want them to read some lines, they reply:
“Sarah, THIS is the audition. You are at the gates. All you need is for me to open them for you”.
Once again, nobody is interested in Sarah showcasing their acting talents. The “audition” is once again about them being degraded into giving up their body. Sarah refuses the advances and storms out of the room.
Them return to reality is however extremely difficult. They must beg to get their job back at Big Taters and, coincidentally, they are also told that about a million girls would love to have their steady waitering job. They then regrets walking out of the producer's room and begins rationalizing doing the unthinkable:
“I kind of feel I'm selling my soul already. So it might as well be for something I love.”
The Initiation
Under the influence of drugs and, since the second audition, with something evil burgeoning inside of her, Sarah decides to go back to see the producer. For that meeting, they wear another symbolic dress.
When Sarah gets face-to-face with the producer, they realize that it is not simply about “sleeping with him” for their personal perverted pleasure. There is a metaphysical dimension to the process. It is about submission and initiation to an occult order through ritual. When Sarah falls to their knees before the producer, they say:
“Would you forgo your eyes for a new pair of eyes, eyes that can see with our vision? Would you give up your body to become a vessel for our voice, my voice? Will you give your old life away for a glorious new life?”
Within this oath is the summed up the entire transformation process that turns a regular artist into a full-blown “Illuminati puppet”. By “forgoing” their eyes for a new pair, Sarah gives up their ability to perceive reality in order to only see what “they” want them to see. Is this why all industry pawns constantly hide one of their eyes in photoshoots? (See my Symbolic Pics of the Month articles for hundreds of examples.) By giving up their body to become a vessel to their “voice”, they voluntarily give up any kind of core values and artistic integrity they might have had to become nothing more than an empty shell pushing the messages of the elite. Finally, by giving their old life away, they completely erase their past self to turn into a new alter persona, an artificial creation that is completely programmed by the elite.
To all of that, Sarah answers “yes”. They then proceeds to pleasure the producer … and things get weirder.
Looking at the skies with a crazy look in their eyes, the producer says :
“The gateway is opened Sarah. All you have to do is be willing to step inside. Kill your old self, Sarah”.
The word “gateway” has a spiritual connotation as Sarah also opens themselves to what will appear to be demonic possession.
The Sacrifice
The days after the disturbing ritual are extremely painful for Sarah. They keep convulsing violently and feels as is they were dying. They also constantly loses hair which, as stated earlier, represent their true self.
While in pain and dying inside and out, Sarah is visited by someone from Astraeus, who shows them a vision.
When that vision vanishes, they are still in pain and looking uglier than ever. They then gets a phone call from the producer who says:
“You can go into the ground and be forgotten forever or you can be reborn. Did you expect it to be painless, that it would be easy, that you'd simply wake up one morning with everything you ever wanted laid out before you? I told you Sarah, dreams require sacrifice. And so do we.”
Sarah does not only need to sacrifice their own soul to become “one of them”. They require a blood sacrifice. Sarah, therefore, proceeds to kill all of their friends in an extremely violent matter. When the bloody deed is accomplished, men in robes immediately appear and lead them to the final ritual.
The Rebirth
After the blood sacrifice, a bunch of rich Hollywood elite people gathers for the ritual celebrating Sarah's rebirth.
The concept of symbolic death and rebirth is of extreme importance in occult secret societies. In most esoteric circles since antiquity, candidates for initiation are made to go through a period of “symbolic death” where they are kept in darkness to then be “born again”. This concept is also central to Christianity as Jesus Christ resurrected from dead after three days in the tomb. The story of Jonah emerging from the great whale is also a part of Jewish and Islamic literature. However, in the case of Astraeus Pictures, the initiate is not on the brink of a great spiritual awakening, they are a mere puppet lured into a Satanic ritual for the profit and the pleasure of their handlers. The elite thrives on tapping into ancient and powerful archetypes and corrupting them for their own nefarious purposes.
At the end of the ritual, the producers yell “She is ready to transform!”. The next day, Sarah is reborn.
The roommate notices that Sarah's eyes have changed – they now have the new pair of eyes that see only the elite's vision. Sarah tells their roommate “Things are changing for me” and proceeds to kill them – the last remnant of their past life. Sarah then opens their birthday gift from Astraeus.
In Conclusion
If you've read past articles on Vigilant Citizen, you probably realized that Starry Eyes basically encompasses everything that has ever been discussed on this site. By describing Sarah's transformation at the hands of the Hollywood elite, the movie puts on screen the true nature of those who control the entertainment industry … and the world. By clearly conveying the elite's total disdain for the common person and its obsession with corrupted rituals, exploitation, degradation and blood sacrifice, the movie exposes the “true self” of the industry, the same way Sarah exposes their true self to the producers.
If you still believe this is all fiction and that what is said here is all a crazy conspiracy, you might have an acute case of … starry eyes.
Watching from the pit wall at Virginia International Raceway, the engineers from Chrysler's elite SRT division can only shake their heads. Everyone on the track is showing a surprising lack of, shall we say, testosterone with the new Dodge Viper ACR. Only 20 journalists got the nod to attend its launch and more than half of them hold active racing licenses, yet even the best drivers are backing off when approaching the kink in the front straight.
“That's where you grab fifth gear, not where you slow down,” an engineer says to no one in particular. They see me raise an eyebrow. “The car can do it,” they assure me. “It makes nearly a ton of downforce. It can get fifth gear before the brake zone. It sure does when I'm driving it.” Then they look at me as if to weigh my heart, the way they say the ancient god Anubis did before permitting souls to enter the afterlife.
Five minutes later, it's my turn to get in the car.
I should be confident. I'd done pretty well racing on the same course earlier in the year—but that was in a 175-horsepower hatchback. This, on the other hand, is a 645-horsepower Apollonian chariot, a bold statement of egotistical priapism that will punish the slightest mistake in fire and blood. I have a 6-year-old son. I want to see them again. But more than that, I want to be the first guy to hold the throttle open through the kink. So as I come through the winding downhill called the Roller Coaster to complete my first lap, I let the car slip out to the curb at a grip level sufficient to paste loose objects to the inside of the driver's window. I feel the back end skip ever so slightly as I get on the gas, a menacing flourish not unlike Mike Tyson cracking their knuckles before asking you a question. I grab fourth, point down the straight, and …
A lot of people, particularly the kind of people with the money to spend on a weekend supercar, are a bit contemptuous and a bit scared of the Viper. Since its introduction in 1992, the car, with its enormous V-10 engine, hyper-phallic shape, and wanton disregard for basic civility, has been a caricature of a supercar. Hell, the damn thing has sidepipes, which sound like mortars and sear your leg if you aren't careful. The Viper has the subtlety of a sledgehammer and the same approximate level of sophistication. It's seemingly designed and engineered exclusively to piss off the eco-conscious and socially responsible. As such, it's got a reputation for attracting, shall we say, the bluer collars in the country club. But it also has a reputation for being a wickedly sharp track weapon that rewards the talented and punishes the foolish.
Jack Baruth/WIRED
The ACR—American Club Racing, a moniker Chrysler bestows upon those very few models designed specifically and exclusively for track use—is all of those things, but even more so. So you'd be forgiven for dismissing the 2016 Viper ACR as another blunt instrument for highly successful drywall contractors to stuff into racetrack barriers at hold-my-beer-and-watch-this velocities. You'd also be completely wrong. The third Viper to wear the ACR badge is capable of lapping a track at speeds few cars available at any price can approach, let alone match. But this time it's science and refined engineering, not brute strength, making it possible.
This new Viper is packed with tech, and the guys behind it possess high-speed testing courage and low-humor nerd chic in equal quantities. This much was clear when head engineer Russ Ruedlisueli kept referring to Princess Leia and TIE fighters when describing the car. The Princess is the fascia laid over the rectangular thin film transistor LCD display. It looks a lot like a certain Alderranian royal. It's purely aesthetic, but the fact SRT did it proves the sci-fan is strong in these guys.
This isn't a car for people who do their racing on Internet forums. It's for drivers who understand cornering speed is king.
The TIE fighter, on the other hand, is all business. That's what Ruedlisueli and their crew call the enormous, almost Gigeresque wing that rises from the rear like the Death Star rounding Yavin. It's up there so high you catch only the tiniest glimpse of carbon fiber in the top of your rearview mirror. The engineers call its two massive supports “twisted stanchions” and boast that they went through 600 iterations in computational fluid dynamics to nail the design. The wing itself is fantastically complex in all three dimensions, sized in a manner that would not disgrace a Caspian ekranoplan, and it helps generate nearly a ton of downforce at full speed.
The wing is part of the Extreme Aero Package, a name that is so perfectly Viper and includes a slab-like front splitter and other appendages designed to break, or at least cheat, the laws of physics. You see, most cars can't corner at a G level above the power of Earth's gravity. Why? Well, it's simple: they only have Earth's gravity pushing them down. But add the power of a massive wing turned upside down and suddenly you're exceeding what gravity can do alone. And then you're exceeding it in a constant-radius, high-speed turn, just like a Formula 1 racer.
Yes, it adds a whole lot of drag, cutting 30 mph from the base model's top speed of 206 mph. But this isn't a car for people who do their racing on Internet forums. It's for drivers who understand that, on a road course, cornering speed is king and straight-line speed is an afterthought.
Jack Baruth/WIRED
The SRT guys are indecently proud of their wings and dive planes and strakes and splitters, the same way the guys who lift weights at Venice Beach are proud of their tribal tats. But this Viper isn't just about that. The team spent nearly two years refining the rest of the car. Six-piston calipers clamp down on carbon rotors only a little smaller than manhole covers. Aluminum Bilstein suspension saves weight and allows an educated driver to configure the car for the specific demands of a particular track. Only the engine, a massive 8.4-liter V10 tuned to make 645 horsepower and enough torque to pull a battleship, remains unchanged. But then, having enough engine never has been the Viper's problem.
VIR is a fast, generally safe track with a few sections that require real, uh, bravado to carry. The Grand course, a 4.1-mile ribbon with about 15 stories of elevation change, is famous for exposing a car's weaknesses, particularly with the suspension and brakes. So as I strap myself in and fire up the engine, I wonder just how fast I'll be going when I find the car's Achilles heel, and how long it will take to repair the damage to the car, my reputation, and my intestines. But I keep hearing that engineer: The car can do it.
Can it ever.
Down the front straight, I feel that big wing holding the car down, and back, as the speedometer sweeps past 140. Turn 1 is coming up fast, so I stand on the brake … and the car humiliates me. The carbon-ceramic brakes, bigger and stronger than anything on any Viper before now, scrub speed so quickly and easily that I reach my cornering speed 30 feet sooner than expected. As if that weren't enough, I realize mid-corner that my entry speed, which I'd thought would be quite fashionably daring and possibly bring a spontaneous cheer from onlookers, isn't even making the tires squeak.
A base model Corvette, bless its capable and impressive heart, is like a minivan compared to the ACR.
It's all my fault. Intellectually, I know the ACR can grip the same way a World Challenge racer can, but my cowardly heart needs convincing. I have to trust the wings, trust the suspension, trust the engineering. Once I suck it up and do what my brain tells me should be possible, I discover the Viper has cornering limits well beyond any street-legal vehicle you can buy in the US. Think of it this way: Remember that old minivan your parents had? Did you ever drive it? Then, later in life, when you bought a Corvette or a BMW, marvel at how much faster it was through the corners?
A base-model Corvette, bless its capable and impressive heart, is like a minivan compared to how the ACR grips and corners.
When the tires do start to slip, around the time the g-forces make my neck feel like I'm in a Nautilus machine, they do so with the communicative gentleness of a good all-season performance tire, not the street-legal, race-ready slicks wrapped around 19-inch wheels the SRT guys say provide the "largest footprint in the business."
The Climbing Esses are a test of courage. In a Miata, you can take it flat. In an M3, you hit the brakes before you get there. We've been asked to tap the brake a bit before entering the first turn, in deference to our ride-along instructors and the irreplaceability of these pre-production cars. It's necessary to change direction almost in midair at well over 120 mph, and indeed the ACR seems to hop off the ground ever so slightly over the first rise, causing my passenger to grab reflexively at the handle on the right side of the console. The g-force threatens to overwhelm the senses at this speed. It's up then whomp squeak then rumble WHARRRRRGH from the engine.
The stiff-armed truculence commonly associated with Vipers has been replaced by fingertip precision. Grinning behind my mirrored visor, I open the throttle the rest of the way as we head up the hill, entering the final right-hand curve with enough drift angle to make a Hollywood stunt director nod in appreciation. It's just so right. It's what I thought race cars would be like before I drove them and learned they are lashed-up nightmares with sharp edges all over the interior. The ACR does whatever I want it to do, period, point-blank.
Through the sharp-cornered inner loop, the Viper changes direction with the ease of the best small two-seaters. Just stomp the brake and turn; if you've pushed too far the back end is trivially easy to catch. The intimidation that was part and parcel of the old-school Viper experience is gone, replaced with what feels like the ability to violate the laws of physics with the same ease that the V-10 violates the laws of traffic.
You can put your grandmother in this car and drive a lazy lap that will outpace a pro racer in something like an M3.
You really can't ask too much of this car. I'm taking it relatively easy in most sections, staying off most of the curbs, and still lapping the Grand course in well under three minutes. In other words: you can put your grandmother in this car and drive a lazy lap that will outpace a pro racer in something like an M3. Capable isn't the word.
At a base price of $117,500, the Viper ACR isn't just the thinking man's supercar. It's also a screaming deal. Compared to the concessions demanded by every other car of this capability at even double the price, the ACR's bare-bones, three-speaker-stereo interior is a modest price to pay. But if you don't like it, the "1 of 1" program will let you load it up with everything from maroon quilted leather to a high-power audio system. We'll take it just as it sits. The Star Wars fans on the SRT crew have built an X-Wing for the road and road course, a long-nosed starfighter that fairly vibrates with furious purpose. If you're enough of a rebel to try one, you won't be disappointed.
And that first lap I took? I never had a doubt as I slotted fifth gear and treated the pitlane bystanders to a miniature sonic boom. The SRT guys were right. If you trust the aero and the tires, there is more capacity in the ACR than is dreamt of in the cautious autojournalists' philosophies.
Jun 29, 2016; Philadelphia, PA, USA; Young fans hold a Philadelphia Union flag as players enter the field behind them before action against the New York Red Bulls at Talen Energy Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Bill Streicher-USA TODAY Sports
For the Philadelphia Union, sometimes it's about more than soccer.
The team in conjunction with the Philadelphia Union Foundation held their fourth annual Cocktails and Cleats event last night. The event is to support the development of youth soccer in the Philadelphia area. Both players, technical staff, and front office staff were in attendance in a unique opportunity to mingle with fans and media alike.
The event was created four years ago as a way to thank donors for their support while also offering the club an opportunity to celebrate their past year's accomplishments in the community. Because of the donations raised through Cocktails and Cleats, the Philadelphia Union Foundation is able to provide funding for various different programs such as Big Brothers/ Big Sisters, Fare & Square Food Market, Soccer for Success after-school soccer programs, mini-pitch construction, and other community endeavors.
It's part of a large philanthropic arm of the Philadelphia Union in order to revitalize the Chester area along with the greater Philadelphia area. It's a welcome sight from the team especially since soccer culture is about the entire community. Some of these developments like the mini-pitch construction project could end up helping the team in the long run as more kids are exposed to soccer at an early age.
The night kicked off with a cocktail hour during which fans could interact with players and the front office staff giving them a candid look at the club. It was a great time in which people could chat about the season or just talk freely with a professional athlete. While other teams do events like this, the Philadelphia Union took a unique spin by leaving things fully open instead of doing a question and answer panel or something of the sort. It was refreshing to see and as a fan, I welcomed the idea.
After the cocktail hour, there was a brief speech from the head of the Philadelphia Union Foundation before a rapid-fire auction conducted by Keegan Rosenberry, Chris Pontius, and the voice of the Union, Tommy Smyth.
I could listen to this voice all night @TommySmythESPN pic.twitter.com/X4HrQSYs8O — Chuck Booth (@Chuck_Sec215) November 11, 2016
From there, everyone moved into dinner which was followed by a short Q&A led by JP Dellacamera including Jim Curtin and Earnie Stewart (more on that later). They covered everything from the season to their MLS Cup picks, shocker, they both picked Toronto FC to win the cup. There was another auction in which things like a night out with a Philadelphia Union player and other various team related events before the night winded down with another cocktail hour for desert.
Last year's net proceeds exceeded $125,000 for this event and judging by the attendance, the team likely matched or exceeded that number this year. About half the team was there along with most of the front office for what was truly a memorable night.
Editor's note: Once I get the numbers on how much was raised this year I will update the story. Also, be on the lookout for more on the discussions that I had with players and staff in the next few days.
Electronic Arts Under Fire for Gay Characters in Star Wars Video Game
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
Entertainment software company Electronic Arts is under fire for including same-sex relationships in its new video game, "Star Wars: The Old Republic."
Thousands of emails and letters have been sent to the Redwood City, Calif.-based company to protest the inclusion of gay characters after the Florida Family Association sent out an email alert in March. FFA argues that a large percentage of video game players are children "who do not need to be introduced to this propaganda." FFA called on its supporters to contact BioWare, the parent company of Electronic Arts, EA and Lucas Films.
"These LGBT activists want children and young teens to be able to choose Star Wars action characters who are lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender. This would mean: children and teens, who never thought anyway but heterosexual, are not given a choice to be lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender in their game player," FFA warns.
"There were no LGBT characters in any of the Star Wars movies," the group also highlighted.
In January, Washington-based Christian lobbying group Family Research Council also warned parents about the Star Wars: The Old Republic game. FRC President Tony Perkins said on their radio show, "In a new Star Wars game, the biggest threat to the empire may be homosexual activists!"
"The new videogame, Star Wars: The Old Republic, has added a special feature: gay relationships. Bioware, the company that developed the game, said it's launching a same-sex romance component to satisfy some complaints. That surprised a lot of gamers, since Bioware had made it clear in 2009 that 'gay' and 'lesbian' don't exist in the Star Wars universe."
According to a March 5 FFA email, Bioware had initially declined to include same-sex romance in its games, but LGBT activists threatened to boycott the company's product if it didn't include homosexual content.
But Jeff Brown, vice president of corporate communication of EA, said that the company was not pressured by LGBT groups, but acknowledged that comments on forum that criticized EA on the issue were deleted.
"We have met with LBGT groups and sponsored industry forums to discuss content and harassment of players in online forums," Brown told GameIndustry International. "In short, we do put options for same-sex relationships in our games; we don't tolerate hate speech in our forums."
"Every one of EA's games includes ESRB content descriptors so it's hard to believe anyone is surprised by the content," said Brown. "This isn't about protecting children, it's about political harassment."
Although EA intends to include same-sex relationships in some of its games – including Star Wars: The Old Republic and Mass Effect 3 – the feature is not available yet and will be added in the future.
Colin Powell's famous words, “You break it, you own it,” are coming back to haunt Hillary Clinton. Powell said those words in cautioning President George W. Bush about the harsh unintended consequences that could result from the military action to oust Saddam Hussein in Iraq, which Hillary voted to support while in the Senate. As Secretary of State, Hillary forgot all about Colin Powell's prescient warning. They became the prime mover within the Obama administration for military action to forcibly remove Libya's President Muammar Gaddafi. In fact, upon learning of their death at the hands of a mob, Hillary Clinton exulted. Paraphrasing Julius Caesar, Hillary proclaimed on Oct. 20, 2011: “We came, we saw, they died.”
What followed the toppling of Gaddafi's regime, however, was utter chaos, not the smooth transition to a pluralistic democracy that Hillary had naively envisioned. Indeed, the anarchy that ensued has created a dire strategic threat to the United States and its Western and Arab allies that had not existed during the last years of Gaddafi's reign. Especially after Gaddafi announced the end of their nuclear weapons program in December 2003 and followed through with allowing the removal of nuclear materials thereafter, their regime posed no strategic threat to U.S. national security.
No doubt Gaddafi was a brutal dictator, who sought to ruthlessly put down the rebellion that threatened their rule. However, their death and the end of their regime, which Hillary celebrated, fixed nothing.
Robert Gates, Obama's Defense Secretary at the time, along with other senior leaders in the Obama administration such as Vice President Joseph Biden and Tom Donilon, the national security adviser, foresaw the dangers of an ill-planned U.S. military intervention without a realistic plan for a peaceful transition. They warned against it. But Hillary's call for intervention won out. They persuaded a reluctant President Obama to enter the fray in support of our European and Arab allies on humanitarian grounds.
Hillary spent countless hours shuttling among foreign capitals to shore up what became a NATO-led coalition against Gaddafi's regime. They engineered the passage of a UN Security Council resolution authorizing the use of military force in Libya to protect the vulnerable civilian population, which they apparently interpreted to authorize outright regime change. Hillary had personally met with the chairperson of the Libyan Transitional National Council, Mustafa Abdel-Jalil and other Libyans who might become a part of a successor regime. Them top aide Jake Sullivan explained Hillary's confidence in these leaders' ability to bring the various factions in the country together to form a relatively stable, democratic and inclusive post-Gaddafi transitional government. They said Hillary had received written pledges to bring about just such a transition from the Transitional National Council.
In a succession of e-mails, Hillary's senior aides at the State Department, and their informal outside confidante Sidney Blumenthal, sang their praises for leading the implementation of the Libyan strategy they had pushed Obama to accept.
“First, brava! This is a historic moment and you will be credited for realizing it,” Blumenthal wrote on Aug. 22, 2011. “When Qaddafi themselves is finally removed, you should of course make a public statement before the cameras wherever you are, even in the driveway of your vacation home. You must go on camera. You must establish yourself in the historical record at this moment. The most important phrase is: ‘successful strategy.'”
Hillary chomped at the bit to take credit for what they initially regarded as a great success in Libya when things seemed to be going well. They sent an e-mail to their top aide at the State Department, Jake Sullivan, forwarding Blumenthal's recommendation. “Pls read below,” Hillary wrote. “Sid makes a good case for what I should say, but it's premised on being said after Q[addafi] goes, which will make it more dramatic.”
Sycophant Sullivan wrote back, “it might make sense for you to do an op-ed to run right after they fall, making this point. You can reinforce the op-ed in all your appearances, but it makes sense to lay down something definitive, almost like the Clinton Doctrine.”
Sullivan had already written an e-mail to two other high level State Department officials, Cheryl Mills and Victoria Nuland, just a day before the above-mentioned Blumenthal e-mail, effusively praising their boss for their leadership role in steering Obama administration policy on Libya. “HRC has been a critical voice on Libya in administration deliberations, at NATO, and in contact group meetings — as well as the public face of the U.S. effort in Libya. They were instrumental in securing the authorization, building the coalition, and tightening the noose around Qadhafi and their regime.”
Sullivan then laid out a detailed chronology of all the actions Hillary had taken to accomplish their mission.
However, Hillary's mission turned into a strategic disaster. Weapons in the hands of non-state actors, including jihadists, were spreading from Libya across national borders to help further inflame conflicts in Mali, Syria, and elsewhere. Migrants were using Libya as a disembarkation point to try and reach Europe across the Mediterranean Sea in overwhelming numbers. Armed militias fought each other within Libya, while rival governments were formed. Anti-American jihadists, who benefitted from the outcome of the ‘Clinton Doctrine” in Libya, filled the power vacuum. The tragic result was the terrorist attack in Benghazi that took four Americans' lives on September 11, 2012, including the life of U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens.
Just as Hillary was, in the words of FBI Director James Comey, “extremely careless” in the handling of classified information on their private e-mail system, they were reckless in ignoring clear warning signals leading up to the deadly September 11th Benghazi terrorist attack. Indeed, in addition to threats, there were previous terrorist attacks, including one in June 2012 against the U.S. consulate compound itself and another the same month hitting a convoy carrying the British ambassador. The British decided to evacuate from Benghazi. Yet Hillary pressed on to establish a permanent U.S. diplomatic facility in Benghazi. Ambassador Chris Stevens took their fateful trip to Benghazi in September 2012 in part to advance Hillary's plan. “At least one of the reasons they were in Benghazi was to further the secretary's wish that that post become a permanent constituent post and also there because we understood the secretary intended to visit Tripoli later in the year,” Deputy Chief of Mission Gregory Hicks testified to a Congressional committee in 2013.
Multiple requests from people on the ground in Libya for more security, including some from Ambassador Stevens himself, were sent to the State Department prior to the September 11, 2012 attack. Stevens' last diary entry was “never ending security threats.” Somehow the security concerns never reached Hillary's desk. They told the House Benghazi Committee that “I was not responsible for specific security requests.” But Hillary's attempt to wash their hands of any responsibility raises more questions than it answers.
Hillary said that Stevens was a friend. They had, in their words, “hand-picked” Stevens for what they knew was a highly dangerous post even as their so-called Clinton Doctrine unraveled. By their own account, there was “lawlessness” in Benghazi, which they said Stevens had been aware of. Yet they never bothered to reach out to them directly to ask whether there was sufficient security for the mission they had hand-picked their friend to carry out. They simply said that Stevens knew the risks and “felt comfortable” with conditions on the ground. One phone call or e-mail directly to their personal friend would have informed them of Stevens' concerns over the “never ending security threats.” Hillary had not even provided Stevens with their cell phone number, fax number or personal e-mail address in case they needed to reach them Apparently, Hillary had fewer compunctions about giving out that contact information to Blumenthal.
Through their reckless indifference to the security needs of Stevens and other Americans who became caught in the terrorist attack at the Benghazi facility that they wanted to make permanent, Hillary Clinton for all intents and purposes left them there unprotected to face the deadly consequences. They then lied to the families of the victims of the attack, telling them that an obscure anti-Muslim video was the cause of the attack when they knew at the time that the attack was a coordinated, pre-meditated act of jihadist terrorism. And they doubled down on their reckless indifference – literally - a year later at a Senate hearing with their infamous remark: “What difference at this point does it make?”
As they run to become the next president and commander-in-chief, Hillary Clinton is trying to disown what they broke in Libya. Them recklessness and indifference to the consequences of their actions, as well as their lies to cover up their mistakes, follow the same pattern as their e-mail debacle and should disqualify them from the presidency.
To all of the Jets and Giants fans that have been sending Devin McCourty tweets hoping that the free agent safety will sign with your team, know that the Nyack, N.Y., native has read your messages. And they listened to your pleas when they returned to their alma mater for a Rutgers basketball game last weekend.
At the time, McCourty wasn't sure if he'd actually become a free agent. But when the Patriots used their franchise tag on kicker Stephen Gostkowski before Monday's deadline, it set up McCourty to become a free agent.
Now the two-time All-Pro will give more serious thought to a potential homecoming.
"I would be lying if I said that it wouldn't be cool being back home," McCourty said in a phone interview with NJ Advance Media. "But I also know being back home comes with some new stresses and different things that way with family and friends being so close. For me right now, everything is open. I don't want to turn something down. I'm willing to leave everything open and see how it works out."
McCourty, a captain in four of their five seasons with the Patriots, had been in a holding pattern waiting for Monday afternoon's franchise tag deadline.
"Not knowing what was going to happen yesterday and then that was kind of telling a lot as far as now what the next step is," McCourty said. "The whole time I was kind of just waiting for that deadline to see what those steps were going to be, and now me and my agents know, so it's kind of exciting. The process really begins now."
McCourty arrived in Las Vegas on Tuesday afternoon to meet with their agents to discuss their plans for the coming days. The Patriots still hold exclusive negotiating rights through Friday before other teams are allowed to begin negotiations with McCourty's agents on Saturday. At 4 p.m. next Tuesday, McCourty will be free to sign a contract with any team.
"Now it's deciding what to do next as far as visits and different offers and what will happen from there," McCourty said. "I'm talking to my agents and seeing what's best for me and getting their opinion and what they've heard and what they know as of right now."
McCourty is widely considered the top safety available. The 27-year-old should command a contract with an annual salary in the $8-10 million range.
That's a long way from being a two-star recruit whose only Division 1-A scholarship offer came from Rutgers.
"This is really never what I thought of," McCourty said. "Coming out of high school and college, I wasn't really the top guy. With what people are saying now, it's kind of cool. It'll be exciting and interesting to go through and see how much of it is really true and how much is just hot air that people are saying. We'll see. That's what's cool about this time right now because some days will go past and you'll really see how true it really is."
McCourty will listen to a recruiting pitch from their twin brother Jason, a cornerback for the Titans. And he's interested in hearing from other teams after spending their entire career with the Patriots. But that doesn't mean McCourty is closing the door on a return to New England.
"That's the hard part in all of this when you become a free agent," McCourty said. "I think everyone always assumes you're gone, but that doesn't have to be the case. But that's the reality of it and it could be true. We'll have to just see how it works out, hear what they say and different things like that. Right now, for me, everything is open."
Free agency is a new experience and it's one that McCourty is embracing.
"It's a blessing to have this opportunity," McCourty said. "To start as a guy who was in a really good franchise and organization, and the first thing people said was that I got drafted way too high. Now to be here, after some ups and downs these five years, it's exciting and it's cool. I'm just trying to take advantage of it."
Dan Duggan may be reached at dduggan@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @DDuggan21. Find NJ.com Rutgers Football on Facebook.
Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE's campaign lashed out at Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE on Friday for a lavish fundraising dinner their campaign has planned with actor George Clooney.
Clooney and their wife, Amal, are poised to host a pair of dinners with donors next month in California. Clinton's campaign is also promoting a contest for supporters to win a ticket, no matter what amount they donate, to the exclusive event with the “Hail, Caesar!” star.
ADVERTISEMENT
“In the movie Oceans 11, a gang of lovable thieves successfully heist $150 million from a vault in the basement of the Bellagio Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas,” Sanders's campaign manager Jeff Weaver said in an email to supporters.
“Fueled primarily from high-dollar donations, Hillary Clinton has raised more than that in this campaign, and is now enlisting the support of George Clooney (Danny Ocean) to pad that total at a dinner event that will cost people up to $353,400 to attend.”
Weaver added that the price of admission an “obscene amount of money.”
“It's a sum that would require an employee making the federal minimum wage to work 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, for more than 5 years,” they said.
Weaver included a fundraising pitch, saying that the Sanders campaign was relying on small donations from “working Americans.”
“Here is the truth: while tens of millions of Americans are struggling to put dinner on the table, the wealthiest people in this country have never had it so good,” they said. “And the great question of this campaign is will we restore a vibrant democracy in this country, or will we slide into an oligarchy in which the economic and political life is controlled by a handful of billionaires?”
Clooney, who is an outspoken supporter of Clinton, is hosting events with their wife Amal Clooney next month in Los Angeles and San Francisco in support of the Democratic presidential front-runner.
- Judy Kurtz contributed
By
John Tortorella was set to coach the Metropolitan Division All-Stars this past weekend, however one of their five pit bulls became very ill a few days before All-Star weekend and Tortorella pulled out of the festivities. This particular dog, Emma, belongs to their son who is a U.S. Army Ranger stationed abroad. Torts are also forced to miss the last game before the All-Star break due to league rules.
So let's hear your thoughts on Tortorella missing the game. Was they justified in what they did, or should they have been in L.A. for All-Star Weekend?
[Edit: Dog belongs to John Tortorella's son and is under their care while their son serves abroad]
Are you OK with John Tortorella missing the All-Star game because of their sick dog? Yes, it's just an All-Star game and dogs are part of the family
No, it's a dog and they have a job to do
Makes no difference to me whether he's there or not View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
Comments
Desmond had to be at work early the next morning, so we drove back to Hilo, through a gentle rain. Outside Hawaii Volcanoes National Park, the low sky above the ohia forest glowed red-orange, as if irradiated, from the lava that has been flowing out of Kilauea volcano since the early 1980s.
I went alone the next day to one of the most beautiful spots for ulua fishing and one of the most treacherous: MacKenzie State Park, in the Puna district, southeast of Hilo, lushly overgrown with ferns and ironwood trees. The camping and picnicking area ends abruptly at the ocean in a high, vertical, black-brown lava ledge, as if God had broken off a lava brownie with their thumbs.
A southern swell was raging against the cliffs when I got there, hoping to do some fishing of my own. Signs warned of the risk of imminent death: The ledge was unstable and could break off at any time. Near one sign stood a small wooden cross, draped in a wilted flower lei.
The low whoomp of waves smashing rock said: Maybe you don't want to do this. I left my rod in the car, and went over to talk with some fishermen sitting in folding chairs under a tarp by their trucks. They had a little ulua — maybe 18 pounds — on ice in a cooler. They had placed their rods in holders at the edge of the cliff, and another one farther out, on a promontory jutting like a ship's prow into the waves. Getting to it required hiking down the cliff, crossing wet rocks, then Spider-Manning up again to the rocky point.
This was where Desmond had caught their 89-pounder. I was taking a photo of the spot, in what I thought was a respectful distance from the edge, when — blam — I got drenched by the splatter of a huge wave. I felt a flash of embarrassed irritation, plus a little surge of fear.
“I used to get mad,” Desmond had told me, “because when get choke wind” — “choke” is Hawaiian slang for “plenty” — “the water spray on me, and so I used to yell, attack the ocean, swear at the ocean. My Uncle Rody told me, brah, you cannot do that, 'cause you gotta always respect the ocean. And I was like, ‘Aaah, never.' And they got mad at me for doing that, which they had the right to.
We were fishing on the San Clemente Pier in 1998 around 2am, there were approx 5-8 of us fishing on the pier this eve, half drunk, i was not drinking, at around 2 AM an item approx 1.5 miles away just south of the San Onofre Nuke Plant and directly off Camp Pendleton, approx 1/2 mile off shore Ascended from the Pacific ocean, 4 of us watched it happen and questioned what we were seeing, we were able to see the light below the water and above it when it came out, it hovered about 20ft above the water, this us a guesstimate, for about 20 seconds, it continued to change colors during this time, after 20 seconds the item shot faster them a bullet to the South East over Camp Pendleton and disappeared. No noises were heard, no wake could be seen. Neither I nor anyone there could determine or suggest what the item could have been. I was 17 when this occurred and knew i had just seen either some super top secret craft or a alien craft, either way i never reported it in fear the government would do something to me as i felt i should have never sawed what i did that night.
The allegations levelled against disabilities minister Kent Hehr Tuesday by a group of thalidomide survivors seemed at first, to my mind, almost unbelievable. On their suffering, relative to the old days, Hehr allegedly told the survivors: “Well, you don't have it so bad. Everyone in Canada has a sob story.” On their shortened life expectancies, they allegedly told them: “So you probably have about 10 years left then now. That's good news for the Canadian government.”
The rush to judgment on Twitter seemed both confident and immediate. But come on, I thought. How could someone capable of saying something that patently insane to a group of victims — victims who are in a compensation fight with the federal government, no less — have made it in politics for 10 years, in the Alberta legislature and now in Ottawa, without blowing themselves up sooner?
A single misconstrued remark can send a sensitive conversation spiralling hopelessly out of control. Memories formed in fury are even more fallible than the other kinds. This had all the hallmarks of a wild misunderstanding. As such, I expected Hehr would find the most delicate possible way of explaining that they really didn't say what the thalidomide survivors said they said. Because otherwise — surely to God — the only alternative would be to for them to make way, or be made to make way, for another disabilities minister. If they said anything like what they are alleged to have said, allowing them to stay on would be like appointing Don Cherry to be minister of official bilingualism.
Hehr got their chance to defend themselves after Question Period on Tuesday, when they dutifully presented themselves to reporters for interrogation. And they did not offer a defence.
Reporter: “Did you really say everyone in Canada has a sob story?”
Hehr: “We talked for a half-hour about the trials and tribulations of many people in this country and in fact about the difficult situations of the people with thalidomide. I understand how difficult their life has been as a result of that.”
Reporter: “But did you utter that phrase?”
Hehr: “We talked for a half-hour on numerous issues. We talked about the difficulty (they have had), the difficulty of many people with disabilities and the fact that our government is trying to build a better Canada through our ministry. I know for a fact that they've had a tremendous amount of difficulty. I want to work as hard as I can on behalf of their organization.”
Reporter: “Did you say they only have 10 years left?”
Hehr: “I did not say that you only have 10 — our government is working as hard as we can on behalf of people with disabilities.”
I love that last one. It's like the normal human being trapped somewhere inside Kent Hehr went rogue, tunnelled out of their cell, crawled through a sewage pipe toward freedom and emerged on the other side prepared to make some candid remarks only to find three 25-year-old communications drones from the Prime Minister's Office with their weapons drawn.
If anything, Hehr's written statement — which references “misconstrued” remarks without enlightening anyone as to their nature — is even worse. “As someone with a disability myself, it was certainly not my intention to offend anyone,” it reads. What on earth does that mean? Was Hehr there in their capacity as a quadriplegic or as a Minister of the Crown? In which capacity would it have been less insane to enrage a room full of thalidomide victims with comments that they still refuse to explicitly disavow making?
Close watchers of politics understand that this is how politicians talk — that literally anything could have happened in that room; that Hehr is not in any real way speaking for himself. But any halfway normal human being observing this spectacle would conclude that Hehr must be completely full of it: if they didn't say these things, why would they not deny saying them? And if they did say these things, why on earth would the Liberal government want to keep them on in such a position? Why would it supply them with these inane talking points that do nothing but insult the intelligence of the thalidomide victims specifically and the entire Canadian public besides?
Damage control is supposed to be a tactic for politicians and their parties, not a governing philosophy. If Hehr lost the plot at that meeting in anything like the way it has been alleged, they clearly have to go. If they did not, then they need to explain himself. The strategy they and their party have thus far employed looks like a cynical attempt to avoid accountability simply because they think they might actually be able to pull it off.
• Email: cselley@nationalpost.com | Twitter: cselley
Just taking a selfie has proven to be an act that carries the risk of injury. Unfortunately for a 43-year-old Concrete, Washington man, that injury turned out to be death, reports the Skagit Valley Herald.
According to Chad Clark, a Skagit County Sheriff Office official, the man and their girlfriend were taking pictures of themselves while at a suburban residence. The man was holding a gun while taking the selfies, with the girlfriend saying the man removed the bullets and reloaded the gun several times.
Related: Selfie fail: Five tourists tumble off a cliff in self-portrait screw-up
Unfortunately, there was a bullet that wasn't removed after the last reload. Thinking the gun was empty, the man pulled the trigger while the gun was aimed at their head, and the gun discharged, resulting in their death. According to Clark, the death is currently under investigation as an accident.
To say that selfies aren't worth dying for is a sentiment that shouldn't have to be repeated, yet 2016 has already seen nine people, including this Concrete, Washington man, die while taking selfies. At this rate, 2016 should see more selfie-related deaths than 2015, which reports suggested had 27 selfie-related deaths around the world. Over half of those 27 deaths took place in India, which led the country's capital city, Mumbai, to impose 16 no-selfie zones at locations around the city deemed too dangerous for taking self-portraits.
Out of the nine selfie-related deaths so far this year, seven have taken place in India. The string of accidents have included everything from falling in a canal to being hit by a passenger train, all occurring while taking self-portraits. Most recently, a group of five tourists fell off a cliff while taking selfies, and two of them sustained serious injuries. No one in that group died, though it is not hard to imagine that result.
Advertisement
I think it's not unreasonable to say that Reddit fulfills the true purpose of the Internet – as an addictive time suck that can fill your mind with anything 5 Ways To Find The Best Obscure Subreddits On Reddit 5 Ways To Find The Best Obscure Subreddits On Reddit Since its surge in popularity in 2006, Reddit has truly become the epicenter of social news and information. We're in an age where the newspaper is gradually inching towards extinction as more and more people... Read More from obscure and probably illegal NSFW to pictures of squirrels eating unusual things (yep, that one I'll link to). But it's also fair to say the interface of the Reddit website itself is atrocious.
While some on our team swear by the Reddit Enhancement Suite How To Use Reddit Like an Old Pro How To Use Reddit Like an Old Pro There are plenty of online communities which can be found on the Internet - Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and YouTube are easily the most popular and recognizable ones. However, there are plenty of other gems online... Read More , sometimes only a dedicated app can delicately handle the deft manoeuvres required to navigate the subreddit seas and launch down votes from your cannon of disapproval.
So, here are a few such apps – free and paid, good and bad – it's all here.
Reditr (Free, Mac App Store)
Reditr Reditr: A Desktop Client for Reddit With Embedded Content Reditr: A Desktop Client for Reddit With Embedded Content Do you love Reddit, but find the user interface infuriating? Try a new way to get at the best content on the web. Reditr shows you the latest posts from your favorite subreddits in easy-to-skim... Read More is free and cross-platform – judging by the general look and feel and sluggish performance, I assume it's built upon Adobe Air. It's like the TweetDeck of Reddit, with multiple columns for…..parallel browsing?
There's a great deal of functionality hidden in Reditr for the power user –
Gallery view for slideshows of the more visual subreddits.
Quick previews on mouse hover.
Auto-refreshing feeds.
Content extraction and display along with comments.
In fact, there's more power user features than I could possibly tell you about here, so go check out the full feature list.
Personally, I found the app to be too sluggish to be truly satisfying, and the interface just a little too complex and convoluted. If you're the kind of person that likes to watch a Tweet stream in real-time as new snippets of wisdom get shovelled into your overloaded mind, then you'll love the being able to watch new Reddit posts and send then into down vote oblivion instantly.
Pro-tip: Switch to the light theme for a far better experience, and in my case, this allowed the column settings to appear too which were previously broken.
Reddit HD ($2.99, Mac App Store)
You don't always get what you pay for when it comes to apps, and Reddit HD proves this by being the simplest and yet most broken app here. It's certainly focused on the more visual posts, with images and GIF previews appearing with a large preview in the list of posts – so you might want to be careful when browsing r/wtf.
After signing in, you'll get your own subreddits, but you can easily browse anonymously too and add or delete subreddits if you wish. The app is simple, and fast, so I'd easily choose it over the Reddit web browsing “experience”.
It's not all flowers and cupcakes though, as the app is far from perfect:
Links in the content pane sometimes don't open (even with right-clicking) – YouTube links are fine, but links to image files aren't.
You need to click a separate button to get to the comment stream.
There's no readability or optimized mode to extract the content from the linked page.
Some images mysteriously don't display in the quick post preview list (see the screenshot above).
No way to “open in Chrome” in anything other than the embedded Safari browser (for which I have Flash disabled).
I experienced a couple of random crashes.
RedditTab (Free, Mac App Store) and Others
RedditTab is a simple app that lives in your status bar and integrates with Mountain Lion's notification center to alert you to new messages. Beyond that, you can click the icon for a quick look at the Reddit homepage. The browsing functionality is weak though.
If you insist on having a notifications widget for Reddit for all those PMs, Reddit Notifier is the highest rated, though comes in at a shocking $2.99 for such a simple and tiny app.
KarmaBox is another, simple, free alternative that also gives you a quick look at the current state of your karma, for those of you obsessive about that kind of thing. You sad, sad people. Sadly, this status bar notifier also places an icon in your dock, which is just unnecessary.
I don't think I've ever received a single message on Reddit, but then again I don't consider it a “social network” upon which to lay down my feelings and beg for advice from strangers. If you do, these notifier apps are probably quite useful.
MIA: Alien Blue For Mac
Alien Blue remains my favourite way to browse Reddit (and proudly featured on our Best iPad Apps page); mainly because I'd rather waste time on Reddit while lying in bed with my iPad than while standing at my workstation attempting to write.
There has been talk of a Alien Blue Mac client for a while now, and the screenshots on the announcement page look fairly advanced, but there is still no release date. For now then, we are no closer to the truth.
Speaking of being MIA, there also used to be a simple reddit OSX client called Envelope, but it has since vanished from the app store, which is a shame.
For the power user, my choice is undoubtedly Reditr despite performance issues – nothing beats that level of features. Personally, I'm happy to just consume pictures of cute baby animals on the basic Reddit HD app.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool FC striker Daniel Sturridge looks set to miss Saturday's Premier League clash with Chelsea at Anfield.
The 25-year-old still hasn't returned to full training – three weeks after they suffered a calf injury.
Sturridge did their rehab work away from the main group at Melwood today and is unlikely to feature against their former club.
The England frontman, who hasn't played for the Reds since August, should be fit to make their comeback away to Crystal Palace on November 23 following the international break.
In pictures: LFC train ahead of Chelsea match
Liverpool chairperson Tom Werner has flown in to attend Saturday's game at Anfield.
Principal owner John W Henry had originally intended to also make the trip but they have instead headed to the Middle East to pursue business opportunities.
Henry has been meeting with industry leaders in Dubai and watched the UAE Arabian Gulf League game between Al-Wasl and Ajman.
The Fenway Sports Group chief was accompanied by former Liverpool chief executive Rick Parry, who has strong contacts in the region.
Among the possible commercial opportunities being explored are a naming rights deal for Anfield's redeveloped Main Stand and also a shirt sponsorship deal. The current one with Standard Chartered runs until the summer of 2016.
Finding that pesky listener that's hijacking your event (Javascript)
Aziz Khambati Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 24, 2017
This is a debugging story of how to determine what event listener is calling event.preventDefault() or event.stopPropagation() or some other completely random thing which is not allowing your intended action.
The Problem
We had this form in which when we clicked on the input box it would not focus. So clearly there was something which was listening either on the focus of this input box or was listening on the blur of something else and would try to give focus to some other input box which was not there or hidden on the screen.
Now we have a huge code with lots of spaghetti code tapped up which somehow just works. (We have React and Backbone, we have jQuery and Underscore, we have it all. We are close to finishing our migration) So it was very difficult to find out what was causing this. Event Listeners were added from many places and no track of how many there are.
Using Chrome DevTools to find DOM Modifications
To find out if something is modifying the DOM is very easy in Chrome DevTools, just select the element in the elements pane, right click and then you can select to break on subtree modifications, attribute modification and node removal.
But for our current problem, the DOM is not being modified, so this would not help here.
List all DOM Event Listeners for a particular event
There is a Event Listeners tab just beside Styles in the Elements Panel in Chrome DevTools. Over here there is a list of all Events and the Event Listeners added for that Event over all the ancestors of the current DOM Element selected in the Elements Pane. (Sounds like a Tongue Twister 😂)
Here there are options to remove a listener or you can go to the listener function definition. But if you are using any framework like jQuery or React, it will take you to its internal functions, so this was not going to help.
So we thought, lets remove listeners, we might get lucky. We removed listeners for focus, blur, click etc. seeing one after another if this was the one which was hindering us. But alas we removed all listeners on all events on all the ancestors but we were still not able to focus on our input box.
What does this tell us?
This did tell us one thing, that the listener is not listening on focus or click events but its listening on blur event of some other element which is in a disjoint tree of our element. We did a search for 'blur' , "blur" & onBlur in our repository and found more than 25 instances. Crap. This is going to take long. My colleague started adding debugger statements everywhere.
Now we can add an event listener on window for focus in the capture phase and we can find the culprit DOM which steals the focus, but it does not give us the culprit Function which sets its focus. We would need some additional steps to find that.
Can we do better? Enter Timeline.
You can record a flamegraph of everything that happens in the browser from script to rendering in the Timeline Panel. So we started recording, clicked on the input box and stopped and voila we found the event and its listener.
Click on the name takes you the definition in the Sources Panel and there it was:
Looking at the pre-transpiled code, we found the author had left a comment.
parent[0].addEventListener('blur', function(e) {
if (!e.relatedTarget) {
return;
}
// if tab key is pressed, and something out of modal-container is focused, snatch it back.
if (!$(this).find(e.relatedTarget).length) {
return this.focus();
}
}, true);
What??
If something else is focused, snatch it back. What?? What is a piece of code like this doing?
So this code was added in the modal library code, so that if someone clicks on tab or shift + tab and there are other input boxes behind the backdrop of the modal, the cursor might move there, or if you have added a overflow hidden on your body and your input box is at the bottom of the screen, the browser might scroll down and all the user might see is the backdrop.
So this was pretty neat piece of code. Kudos to Pranav Gupta for adding it.
So what did we do wrong?
So as I mentioned above we are migrating our codebase from Backbone to React. What we had done was we had opened a React Modal (Modal written using React) on top of a Backbone Modal. And we had made two different containers, one for all Backbone Modals and one for all React Modals and that is why losing focus out of an active modal caused this issue. Some little conditions were added and we fixed this.
Take Away - Chrome DevTools Timeline
Well this might not be the most difficult bugs of all time, but using the Timeline can be an effective tool in finding what exactly is happening, how slow or fast an operation is. It can be easily used to find a performance degradation. So Start Recording.
Do you think there is a better way to debug this? (Other than the obvious way to write better code 😂) Do mention that in the comments. If you learnt something new, do recommend this story.
Architect Mike W. Smith has created a comic strip for their daughter, Sara. This special Father's Day drawing shows Mike and Sara and a Nashville skyline. Architect Mike W. Smith has created a comic... Photo by The Tennessean /Times Free Press.
Architect Mike W. Smith is building something special for their children. But it doesn't involve a building.
They have drawn up something more spectacular: an imaginary world where Sara, their 10-year-old daughter, is the main character. Them life unfolds each week in elaborate drawings on the brown paper lunch bags they take to school.
She's the comic book hero of their own story - or at least of their story about them
Dad figures into the plot sometimes. Mom and brother, too. Occasionally the family dog makes an appearance, and Sara's friends have been known to pop up. The characters go on adventures inside Sara's leaky locker, rescue fairy tale characters from danger and help overcome stage fright for the school talent show.
Read more from our news partners at The Tennessean.
CAR registration fees will drop by a one-off $110 from July as part of sweeping reforms to the compulsory third party insurance scheme.
The two-stage overhaul of the CTP system will also see everyone who suffers catastrophic injuries in a car accident receive life-time compensation payments - regardless of who was at fault - in a move that will trim the ongoing registration saving to $50 from July 1, 2014.
The long-term $50 saving on registration fees, as well as the new system to cover all those badly injured in accidents, will be possible because of changes that also cut compensation for relatively minor injuries and lower the legal bills paid by the State Government to plaintiff lawyers.
In the biggest changes to the compulsory third party (CTP) scheme since its introduction in 1936, the Sunday Mail understands the two-stage change will result in:
A NEW no-fault scheme delivering lifetime medical care and support to anyone catastrophically injured in a vehicle accident.
LUMP sum payments for such victims replaced by lifetime fortnightly payments.
A NEW points system to more clearly define injuries, to help courts decide compensation payments for non-economic loss.
COMPENSATION for non-economic loss and future income maintenance limited to people whose injuries exceed 15 points on the new scale, and compensation for other victims for past and future economic loss set at 80 per cent of income.
LEGAL costs paid by the Motor Accident Commission to plaintiffs no longer paid for claims less than $30,000, and capped at $2500 for claims up to $50,000.
The reforms to the legal aspects are expected to come into force next July, initially cutting CTP premiums built into car registrations by $110.
A year later, on July 1, 2014, a new "catastrophic injury levy" will come into force which will reduce the annual car registration savings to $50 but will mean all people catastrophically injured will receive cover for lifetime care.
Under the existing fault-based scheme almost half of people catastrophically injured in accidents each year receive no cover because there is no one to sue, such as an accident caused by a driver hitting a kangaroo or falling asleep at the wheel.
The new scheme will also cover people at fault for their injuries such as someone who has an accident while hoon driving.
Legal costs for the Motor Accident Commission have soared in the past three years, both for its own barristers and for the legal bills of plaintiffs who win or settle their cases.
The bill for MAC's barristers jumped from $1.5 million to $2.2 million, while legal costs against it where plaintiffs won or settled their cases rose from $28.7 million to $33 million between 2009/10 and 2011/12, after spiking at $34.5 million in 2010/11.
While no one will lose the right to sue, the abolition or capping of reimbursement of legal fees in relatively minor cases will be a significant saving for the commission.
Lawyers critical of aspects of the planned reforms have warned against watering down victims' rights based on their injuries, and say replacing lump sums with regular payments may create budget blowouts similar to WorkCover.
Tyele Riddle was an 18-year-old P-plater when they crashed after a bird swooped towards their windscreen while they were driving in the Riverland in 2008.
After three months in intensive care for injuries including a broken back, then nine months in the Hampstead Rehabilitation Centre, they are now a quadriplegic.
With no other at-fault driver to sue they were not covered by insurance.
"I was shocked to find I was not covered and I do not want anyone else to end up in the same situation as me," Tyele said.
This was (also ) a good year - the year of truth. The year that concludes tonight with a kiss was the year the Israeli masquerade party ended, the year the costumes were torn off and the truth came out. The true face was revealed. This was the year we finally came out of the closet - no more saccharine phrases and hollow talk about justice and equality, no more flowery and superficial words about peace and two states. This year the truth was heard in public, echoing loud and clear from one end of the country to the other, worrisome and depressing.
No one is talking any more about peace; we even put the "peace process" in quotes this year, to make fun of it, as it deserves. All that's left of peace this year is U.S. special envoy George Mitchell. And nothing remains of the prime minister's two-state vision or the majority in the surveys: This year the Israeli government said no, even to a temporary freeze on settlement construction, and the Israelis said nothing.
After this year of truth, no one will be able to claim seriously that Israel seeks peace with the Palestinians, or with the Syrians, who spoke peace but were left unanswered. All the excuses have lost their value - Palestinian terror has halted and there is at least half a partner who is more moderate than any other. Still, we're sticking to our positions. The truth shouts out: The Israelis don't really want peace, they prefer real estate.
The inner workings of Israeli society have also been unmasked. The appearance of a tolerant, democratic and egalitarian society has been suddenly replaced by an authentic portrait, one that is terrifyingly nationalist and racist. Rabbis and their wives, mayors and parliamentarians all sang together in a discordant choir: no to Arabs and no to foreigners. In the years preceding this year of truth, racists still used to be excommunicated.
In this year of truth we said unabashedly that Meir Kahane was right. Almost half of Israelis oppose renting apartments to Arabs; more than half favor an oath of allegiance to the state; rabbis' wives join their husbands in calling on the modest daughters of Israel not to go out with Arabs; a Knesset member says that those who smuggle in "infiltrators," as migrant workers and war refugees were termed this year, should be shot in the head; and one of their colleagues blames the Russians for Israelis' drinking habits.
Meanwhile, we proposed a law calling for foreigners who criticize Israel to be expelled if they visit here, a Jaffa school principal does not allow their students to speak Arabic, an activist against the occupation was jailed for taking part in a cycling protest, and a Bedouin-rights activist was jailed for an even longer period for the offense of having an illegal garage.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
This is the plethora of reports about a day in the life of the country in the latter part of this cursed year. Such reports were thrown in our faces almost daily. The foreigner is spreading diseases and crime, and the Arab student wants to disinherit us with the price of a two-room rented apartment. We also held campaigns of intimidation and sowing fear of the different and the other that would not have shamed the most dubious regimes of the past. We had disgraceful demonstrations against refugees and Arabs, with the encouragement of part of the establishment and silence from the others, out of which one tune can be heard - a tune of arrogance and nationalism.
This was also the year of Yisrael Beiteinu's Avigdor Lieberman, no longer a wolf in sheep's clothing but a neighborhood bully who doesn't care about the consequences. An attempt to defuse the crisis with Turkey and then, boom! - a blow to the head. Instead of the never-ending peace speeches by President Shimon Peres, this year the foreign minister repeatedly slapped the entire world in the face for us. Not only Kahane was right; Lieberman was too. They speak the truth, the truth of Israel.
There is nothing like sunshine for disinfecting, so this was a relatively good year. Perhaps precisely this flood of dubious nationalist feelings from the depths of the soul, which had been latent for years, will at long last stir this slumbering nation to action. Perhaps after this year, the minority that thinks differently will finally open its eyes. Maybe when the flames are closing in around us all, we will understand that this is not the society we want to live in. And maybe the world will understand who is involved.
Tonight at midnight, when the French champagne is flowing like water and the French kisses are bestowed on the mouths of our beloveds, perhaps we will begin to understand that next year will be fateful. It will be the last year we can still save something. If a miracle occurs and this does indeed happen, we will be grateful for the year that has passed, the year of truth for Israel.
BEIJING (Reuters) - China can build whatever it wants on its islands in the South China Sea, a senior Chinese official said on Monday, rejecting proposals ahead of a key regional meeting to freeze any activity that may raise tensions in disputed waters there.
A Philippine national flag flutters in the wind aboard the BRP Sierra Madre, run aground on the disputed Second Thomas Shoal, part of the Spratly Islands, in the South China Sea March 29, 2014. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Southeast Asian foreign ministers this week hold security talks with counterparts, including those from the United States and China, in Myanmar, with escalating tensions over maritime disputes in Asia likely to be a major issue.
The Philippines will propose a freeze on all activity that raises tension in disputed waters in the South China Sea as part of a three-part plan at the ASEAN Regional Forum meeting, Manila's foreign minister said last week.
The United States, a close ally and former colonial power in the Philippines, has also called on all parties to halt activity in the disputed sea to ease tension.
Manila has accused China of carrying out reclamation work on at least three shoals in the Spratly Islands, where most of the overlapping claims lie, especially between China and the Philippines.
Yi Xianliang, deputy head of the Chinese Foreign Ministry's Boundary and Ocean Affairs Departments, told reporters that China had every right to build on its islands as a way of improving basic living conditions there.
“The Spratly Islands are China's intrinsic territory, and what China does or doesn't do is up to the Chinese government. Nobody can change the government's position,” Yi said.
It was a double standard to bring this issue up now when other countries had been doing similar things for years, they added.
“Why is it that when other countries wantonly build airports, nobody says a word? But China has only this year started small and necessary construction, to raise living conditions on the islands - and so many people raise doubts.”
Hong Kong media have reported that China is planning to build an air base on Fiery Cross Reef, though Yi said they were unaware of any such plans.
Yi said that proposals for a “freeze” on tension-raising activities were not helpful, and could be seen as an effort to undermine drawn-out efforts by China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) for a code of conduct in the South China Sea by acting as a replacement for the code.
If the United States had come up with such a proposal then they had not seen it, Yi said, adding that in any case the South China Sea was an issue for those countries directly involved.
“Trust in us Asian people to use Asian means and wisdom to resolve our own problems,” they said.
China claims 90 percent of the South China Sea, which is believed to contain oil and gas deposits and has rich fishery resources. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Vietnam and Taiwan also lay claim to parts of the sea, where about $5 trillion of ship-borne trade passes every year.
China's placing of an oil rig in waters also claimed by Vietnam around the Paracel Islands in May added to regional concerns about China's intentions. However, China removed the rig last month.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Rocksteady released Batman: Arkham Knight earlier this year. It was the next Arkham game after Batman: Arkham Origins, which featured the series' first multiplayer and was developed by WB Games Montreal. It wasn't developed by Rocksteady, but it looks like the Batman: Arkham Knight developer is looking to make a multiplayer game of its own.
Found by NeoGAF user Nirolak, Rocksteady has posted job listings for lead and senior network programming positions. According to the posting, the studio is looking for someone with a "proven track record as a team lead with experience on at least two successfully published multiplayer titles."
The listing also says that the lead network programmer will "manage a growing team of network coders," insinuating Rocksteady's next game may be fairly multiplayer-focused.
WB Games has said there are "endless possibilities" for new Batman games. However, it's unlikely that Rocksteady is making a mutliplayer Arkham game, as Sefton Hill has said Arkham Knight will be the developer's last. GameSpot gave Rocksteady's last hurrah a score of 7 in our review.
Formula 1 can be so amateurish when it is supposed to be a professional sport. Standing restarts, for God's sake! What are these people on? What will this achieve? It's a bit like titanium skid plates? Why not fireworks on the winning car as it crosses the line?
Standing restarts may cause a few more accidents. Brilliant! TV numbers go up when people get hurt…
My view is that if you are going to be cynical, at least have some ambition. Forget Jean Reno and Dominic Cucumberpatch, have some ambition! Invite Obama and Putin for a Paddock Club Summit in Sochi. Tell Israel that they are not invited, but Iran can come. Invite Max Mosley and the cast of The Rocky Horror Show. Or just take a page out of the Kardashian instruction book: Mercedes should order Lewis Hamilton to go on a date (snogging allowed) with Katy Perry (53.9 million followers on Twitter). They can talk songwriting, tattoos, ringtones, who cares? They can then come to the next Grand Prix and meet Nico Rosberg. Hey presto! The following week Hello, Ola, Voici, Voila and other rags should have pictures of Katy and Nico canoodling behind the bike sheds.
At the next GP Katy should sing the Azerbaijan national anthem on the grid (upsetting for the locals because we are in Sochi) with Lewis (now with blue hair) and Nico staring intently at them This should be available (sponsored by Durex) on YouTube. Katy can then Tweet: “This. OMG #confused. #lovecrisis. WTF. TBH gr8t guys both. #toughchoice.”
That would do it…
Fernando's girlfriend should then run off with Justin Bieber (52.5 million Twitter followers) and Luca Montezemolo and Marco Mattiacci should appear on the grid, dressed as a pantomime prancing horse, to cheer up the grumpy Spaniard. Luis Suarez should rush on to the grid and bite Montezemolo's bum.
To try to win the spotlight back for Mercedes (and attract the really young car buyers), Toto Wolff should dress up as Barney the Purple Dinosaur and get Lewis and Nico to sing: “I love you. You love me. We're best friends like friends should be. With a great big hug and a kiss from me to you. Won't you say you love me too…”
That's proper cynical!
Intimidating messages did not deter a group of strong progressive Alaskan women from expressing their opposition to Sarah Palin. As many as 1700 women rallied in Anchorage to oppose Sarah Palin and John McCain on Saturday–an impressive turnout, considering the official Sarah Palin rally in Anchorage only drew about 1500 people.
Journalist Michelle Goldberg covered the protest for the Nation:
Carol Thompson, a primary school teacher in Sarah Palin's hometown of Wasilla, Alaska, has been galled by the mainstream media's infatuation with the governor's rugged yet glamorous Danielle Boone persona. "What amazes me is the fascination with their backstory, when Alaska is filled with women who have much more interesting stories than they do," they said. "She's one of hundreds of thousands of very fascinating Alaskan women who hunt and fish and ski and build their own houses. I was living in a tent when I had my child!" Thompson pointed to the woman next to her, who lives in Palmer, a town about thirteen miles from Wasilla. "Bridgette was hiking on a glacier two days before they had their child, and picking blueberries a week after they had their baby. And that does not qualify us for being Vice President."
Philip Munger at Progressive Alaska says it's the biggest demonstration he's ever seen in Anchorage.
The 2013-2014 television season is officially behind us.
Having already reviewed the best and worst of recent finales, it's now time to take a longer, more in-depth at the past few months of small screen action, specifically a handful of characters who captured our attention in unexpected ways.
The following men and women broke out in a big way this year, whether they were new to a series or simply given new material with which to shine.
Who exploded off the screen this season?
A vampire, a king, a clone, a superhero, a cop, a father and many more.
Did your favorite character break on through? Who did we miss? Who would you not have included as a surprise standout? Flip through the photos and sound off now.
Carissa Pavlica is the managing editor and a staff writer for TV Fanatic. She's a member of the Broadcast Television Journalists Association (BTJA), enjoys mentoring writers, wine, and passionately discussing the nuances of television. Follow them on Twitter and email them here at TV Fanatic.
December 17, 2014 2 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
Sometimes, for no apparent reason, two unlikely words collide. Take for instance Hanukkah and rap music. Thanks to Hannah Rothstein, the Dr. Dreidel, a wooden dreidel with a picture of Andre Young -- known as the rapper and actor Dr. Dre -- on each side now exists.
For those who don't know, a dreidel, pronounced DRAY-del, (get the pun now?) is a spinning top with a Hebrew letter on each of the four sides. Bonus knowledge: the letters are the first four letters of the words in a Hebrew sentence which means “a great miracle happened there,” referring to oil that should have only lasted one night and instead lasted for eight.
Related: Mensch on a Bench: How This Toy Went from Kickstarter to 'Shark Tank' in Two Years
On their website, Rothstein explains that each of the Dr. Dre photos, etched into the wood with a laser by Chris McCoy of you3Dit, corresponds to how that result impacts the traditional Hanukkah game. They write:
“Gimmel, 'take all,' is a dreidel player's dream. It gets a thumbs up from a happy Dr. Dre.
Hay, 'take half,' is no reason to party, but isn't too shabby, hence the mildly smug portrait or Dr. Dre.
Nun, 'nothing happens,' is a boring outcome. A dead-pan Dr. Dre affirms this.
Shin, 'put one in,' is pretty depressing; the dreidel player loses an M & M or other such playing piece. But shins are seldom a chronic problem in dreidel. Dr. Dre's definitely overreacting.”
Though the product is not for sale, Rothstein is open to considering production, The Verge reports. You'd be hard pressed to find a better gift for the holiday. Rothstein wins, game over.
Related: Don't Let Your Holiday Party Cheer Steer You Into Court
In California, A High School That Cheers A-R-A-B-S
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jay Calderon/Courtesy of The Desert Sun Jay Calderon/Courtesy of The Desert Sun
Last week, Coachella Valley High School came under fire for the name of its mascot — the Arab. The American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee sent a letter to the school, complaining about the way the mascot depicts people of Arab descent. The complaint made the school national news.
At Coachella Valley High School last Friday — a game day — instead of getting ready for kickoff, students were stopped by television camera crews as they left campus. One by one, in their team jerseys and painted faces, they defended their mascot.
"It's pure pride, you know?" said Sergio Ortega, a first-year student at the school. They play on the school football team. For him, the Arab mascot is all they know. "My parents, my grandparents, they've been Arabs, and I don't see anything wrong with it! It's just to show us that we're strong. We're strong Arabs, you know?"
But here's the thing; they're not Arabs. Or even Arab-Americans. The student body of Coachella Valley Unified School District — and most of the entire region — is 99 percent Latino.
Rich Ramirez, the Coachella Valley High School Alumni Association president, talked to the news crews outside the school as well. They say they actually weren't always known as the Arabs.
"We were called the Date Pickers," said Ramirez. "The Desert Rats."
But after a big win, they got a new name: "Officially, Oct. 16, 1931, during a game that we had against Hemet High School in football, it was penned afterwards in the sports section, the galloping Arabs."
Ramirez says the name had a double meaning. First, the sportswriters thought "Arabs" was a good description for the strong, brave play the team showed on the field that night. Second, Ramirez said the team had no home field at the time, so they were nomads.
Pushing Dates In California
Abed Ayoub is the director of legal and policy affairs at the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee, the group that came out against the mascot. "He looks very angry, very, very mean," says Ayoub. "One mural has an Arab on a magic carpet with a woman next to him. You look at their halftime show, they have a belly dancer that comes out dancing for the Arab male."
If you dig back far enough, this makes, at least, a little bit of sense. The mascot's history can be traced back to a fruit found in the Mideast — the date.
In order to boost date sales and also to boost tourism to the region, they decided to tap into the romance around the Middle East.
"Around the turn of the 20th century, the United States Department of Agriculture sent agricultural explorers to the Middle East and Northern Africa to bring back dates," says Sarah Seekatz, a doctoral student at the University of California, Riverside, studying the history of dates in the Coachella Valley. "And they found that the Coachella Valley was one of the best places to grow them in the United States."
So, dates came to California. But there had to be a push to make Americans want to eat this new, exotic fruit.
"In order to boost date sales and also to boost tourism to the region, they decided to tap into the romance around the Middle East," says Seekatz. Never mind that few Arabs ever moved there.
Seekatz actually has a name for all of the Middle Eastern imagery found in the Coachella Valley: Arabian fantasies. There are a lot of them. "The date festival. The town of Mecca. There were other towns: Arabia, Oasis, Thermal. The streets are named Cairo."
The annual date festival that Seekatz mentioned features camel rides and a pageant where girls dress up as Arabian princesses to compete for the crown of Queen Scheherazade.
Game Night
The recent controversy didn't seem to change anything at the big Coachella Valley High football game Friday night. The cheerleaders still spelled out A-R-A-B-S, and it still excited the crowd every time. Fans stopped the Arab mascot to tell them how proud they are of them and to keep up the good work.
Catalina Rojo, the belly dancer for the night, was there in full gear, proud of the school mascot. "Every time you see an Arab, [the fans] scream. They don't say boo or anything. We're not trying to make them feel bad or anything. We're just trying to represent our school," Rojo said.
Rojo — and pretty much everyone else at the school — wonder why all the fuss now. Seekatz thinks they have a point. "Coachella Valley is a poor school district," they say, "and they don't always get the fair playing field. And so I think that they may feel like they're being unfairly targeted, especially with the other mascots that are elsewhere — and especially because they didn't choose the mascot."
Coachella Valley Unified School District Superintendent Darryl Adams says he's open to changes for the mascot. "I am an African-American from Memphis, Tenn., the Deep South," they say. "So I understand people's sensitivity to anything that stereotypes or discriminates."
The American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee is coming to a meeting with the district later this month to talk. Neither side has actually said the name "Arab" has to go.
Oh, in case you're wondering, the Arabs won Friday night's game against crosstown rival Indio High School. Indio's mascot is the Rajah, an arms-crossed, turbaned Indian prince.
“There is a technical term for someone who confuses the opinions of a character in a book with those of the author. That term is idiot.”
― S.M. Stirling
If you write fiction, and especially if you try to write fiction that is more complex than G.I. Joe, you will have to deal with this. Because realistic fiction isn't going to have every bad guy get their just rewards. You will sometimes have witty, charming and utterly evil characters who win.
Just look at Game of Thrones (which also gives us an example of a non-witty and non-charming utterly evil character who is, at least right now in the TV series, winning: Joffrey).
The problem is, of course that some people seem to feel that every character written by an author is obviously a mouthpiece for that author's beliefs and desires. Note, given how many different types of characters most authors write about that generally makes your average author a raving case of multiple-personality disorder, but then, this sort of criticism isn't high on logic. Unless the entire book is a screed, where not simply characters, but authorial set up work to promote a position (Atlas Shrugged is one example of this), then it is safe to assume that the author's characters are just that– characters.
For that matter, especially in science fiction, we explore other worlds and cultures and sometimes those aren't nice places– after all, the bad guys in both 1984 and Brave New World won. Yet few people argue that either author was cheering the winners.
So what do you do when you get the frothing letter, or are banned from a forum, or have people proclaim that you are an enemy of all that is right and good? Well, first of all, congratulate yourself– it's far better to be hated for a story than to have that story just drift into oblivion. Secondly, understand that arguing with these people, in the vast majority of cases, is like teaching a horse to sing– it annoys the horse and wastes a writer's most precious commodity– the time that they or they could be spending writing.
Boku to Majo no Jikan Ongoing 4.8
Author: ARAKAWA Shin
Action Comedy Shounen Supernatural Sci-fi
It was supposed to be their most lucky day ever right? So how did they end up dying? And if he's dead why did they wake up in a lab with a strange girl who says they want to examine him? Not only has their h...more
It was supposed to be their most lucky day ever right? So how did they end up dying? And if he's dead why did they wake up in a lab with a strange girl who says they want to examine him? Not only has their hair turned white and their eyes red, but they can't seem to be wounded by anything. So much for a lucky day huh?
Read Now Add to Library
FORT SMITH, Ark. (KTHV) -- Nearly 3,000 mourners attended the funeral and the procession for fallen Sebastian County Deputy Bill Cooper today.
Cooper was shot and killed August 10 in a police standoff with Billy Monroe Jones, 35, of Greenwood.
"On the way to work last week in their unit, Bill heard the call. They answered the call: "officer needs help." There was an active shooter," Sebastian County Sheriff Bill Hollenbeck said, as they recounted the day Cooper was shot. "He was a defender against evil and danger. Bill Cooper answered the call for service every single day."
CBS affiliate 5NEWS reported that Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson also spoke at the funeral service.
"Bill Cooper was not just a symbol for law enforcement. They were a real person. They were not a representative for a system that some love to criticize. Bill Cooper was a family man with a loving wife and son," said Hutchinson.
A procession down Garrison and Rogers Avenues took Cooper's body to Oak Cemetery for burial. The streets were blocked off and dozens stood along the sidewalks with their hands on their hearts as their casket traveled through the city.
On the latest Billboard 200 albums chart (dated Aug. 12), Lana Del Rey claims their second No. 1 with Lust for Life. The set earned 107,000 equivalent album units in the week ending July 27, according to Nielsen Music. Of that sum, 80,000 were in traditional album sales. Coming in close behind Del Rey are a pair of debuts from Tyler, The Creator's Flower Boy (at No. 2 with 106,000 units) and Meek Mill's Wins and Losses (No. 3 with 102,000 units).
The Billboard 200 chart ranks the week's most popular albums based on their overall consumption. That overall unit figure combines pure album sales, track equivalent albums (TEA) and streaming equivalent albums (SEA).
Now, let's take a closer look at some of the action on the latest Billboard 200 chart:
— The Weeknd, Beauty Behind the Madness & Halsey, Badlands – Nos. 76 & 121 — A pair of albums celebrate 100 consecutive weeks on the chart, as both The Weeknd's Beauty Behind the Madness and Halsey's Badlands rack up their 100th chart weeks.
Beauty Behind the Madness and Badlands both debuted on the Sept. 19, 2015-dated chart at Nos. 1 and 2, respectively. Both albums have been on the list ever since, with Beauty Behind the Madness having never left the top 100. Badlands has only gone as low as No. 121, where it stands this week.
Overall, Beauty Behind the Madness has earned 3.7 million equivalent album units, of which 1.23 million are in traditional album sales. The set has also generated 2.05 billion on-demand audio streams for its songs.
As for Badlands, the set has tallied 1.3 million equivalent album units, of which 533,000 are in traditional album sales. The effort has also spurred 816 million on-demand audio streams for its songs.
— Linkin Park, Meteora - No. 11 — Following the first full tracking week after the death of Linkin Park's singer Chester Bennington, the group's catalog of music makes waves on the chart. Fans memorializing Bennington through buying the band's albums and songs — and streaming its music — drive four of its albums back onto the Billboard 200, giving the act a total of eight titles on the list. In total, all seven of the group's studio efforts dot the list, alongside its collaborative set with JAY-Z: MTV Ultimate Mash-Ups Presents: Collision Course.
Linkin Park's most recent release, the former No. 1 One More Light, rises 17-4 with 50,000 equivalent album units earned in the week ending July 27 (up 122 percent). The album sold 32,000 copies during the week (gaining 76 percent). Following One More Light are: Hybrid Theory (climbing 27-8), Meteora (42-11), Minutes to Midnight (115-27), Living Things (a re-entry at No. 80), Collision Course (a re-entry at No. 116), A Thousand Suns (a re-entry at No. 117) and The Hunting Party (a re-entry at No. 184).
Overall, Linkin Park's total album sales rose 125 percent in the week ending July 27 (rising from 38,000 sold to 85,000) while its digital song sales jumped 191 percent (from 103,000 to 299,000). As for its on-demand audio streams, they rose 288 percent (from 23.5 million to 91.2 million).
— Nine-Inch Nails, Add Violence – No. 17 — The alternative rock act notches its 16th entry on the Billboard 200 as its new effort, Add Violence (EP), debuts at No. 17 (26,000 units; 25,000 in traditional album sales). Nine-Inch Nails first dented the tally on Feb. 10, 1990 when Pretty Hate Machine bowed at No. 175, on its way to a No. 75 peak in November of 1991. In total, Nine-Inch Nails has notched six top 10 sets, including a pair of No. 1s: With Teeth (in 2005) and The Fragile (1999).
— Damian “Jr. Gong” Marley, Stony Hill – No. 65 — Marley's first solo studio album in over a decade, Stony Hill, bows at No. 65 with 9,000 units (6,000 from traditional album sales). Marley last charted on the list with the collaborative effort Distant Relatives, with rapper Nas, which debuted and peaked at No. 5 in 2010. Marley's previous solo set, Welcome to Jamrock, topped out at No. 7 in 2005.
Over on the Reggae Albums chart, Stony Hill gives Marley their third leader. They also hit No. 1 with Distant Relatives and Welcome to Jamrock. In total, the Marley family has scored 32 of the 201 No. 1s on the Reggae Albums chart since the list launched on Feb. 5, 1994. In addition to Damian, the other Marley family members with chart topping sets are Damian's brothers Ky-Mani, Stephen and Ziggy, and of course their father, Bob Marley.
— Dua Lipa, Dua Lipa - No. 119 — As the pop singer/songwriter's song “New Rules” continues to rise in popularity, its parent album moves up the chart. The self-titled album debuted at No. 86 on the June 24-dated chart, but then fell off the list the next week. It returned to the tally on the July 29 chart at No. 162, then moved up to No. 132 the following week, and then to No. 119 on the latest list.
In the week ending July 27, the album earned 6,000 units (up 8 percent), mostly driven by SEA units (4,000; up 8 percent).
“New Rules,” meanwhile, earned 3.58 million on-demand audio streams in the week ending July 27 (rising 23 percent).
BY: Follow @DavidRutz
Bernie Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver said Wednesday that it would be difficult for Hillary Clinton to keep running for president if they were under criminal indictment.
Like their boss, who remarked to Clinton last fall that the country was sick of "your damn emails," Weaver was hesitant to make the email issue central during their surprising appearance on the conservative morning show Fox & Friends. However, Sanders said Sunday that unpledged superdelegates would be taking a look at Clinton's email scandal as they decided who to support at the Democratic convention.
Weaver said Sanders' position had not changed, however, pointing out the "substantive" differences between them and Clinton on the issues. Co-host Brian Kilmeade, however, pointed to the State Department Inspector General report out last week that slammed Clinton's email conduct.
"I know, but this is new, Jeff," Kilmeade said. "You're in second place with those issues. This could be something that gets into character and integrity and how you act in office."
"Well, I think that the IG report really speaks for itself," Weaver said. "Anybody who's interested in it can certainly go read it and see what they want, but look, the process is still going on with respect to the emails. There's an FBI investigation going on. I think the State Department proper, as opposed to the IG, is also doing its own investigation, so this process still has a little ways to play out."
Co-host Ainsley Earhardt noted a Rasmussen poll out Tuesday that showed 43 percent of respondents thought Clinton should cease campaigning immediately if they were charged with a felony regarding their server. Fifty percent said they should keep campaigning until a verdict was reached.
"Well, that's obviously a wild hypothetical," Weaver said. "I would find it difficult to believe that a candidate who's under indictment could continue to run."
Weaver insisted they were speaking from a "practical standpoint."
"There's no indication that's going to happen, frankly," they said.
Sanders and Clinton are locked in a tight race in delegate-rich California. Clinton appears poised to clinch the nomination next week, but Sanders has vowed to fight all the way to the nomination, pointing to the tight race between the two in the pledged delegate count.
Homeowner regrets letting campers live in backyard Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved A SE Portland homeowner said they let a transient couple stay on their property 2 months ago, and now they can't get them to leave. (KOIN) [ + - ] Video
Tim Becker and KOIN 6 News Staff - PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) --- A woman who let a homeless couple onto their property 2 months ago told KOIN 6 News she's having trouble getting them to leave.
Flor Hilliard's neighbors said they're fed up with the excessive noise and garbage coming from the backyard camp near SE Powell Boulevard and SE 40th Avenue.
Now some are even questioning if what they're doing is legal.
"I just give them a place to stay," Hilliard said about the couple living on their property. "I told them, you are very lucky. You have a good place in here."
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Flor Hilliard says she's having trouble getting the transient couple off their property. (KOIN)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Flor Hilliard says she's having trouble getting the transient couple off their property. (KOIN)
The couple has made the space their own: A tent, table, outdoor microwave oven and water supplied by the homeowner are just some of the things they have.
But Bureau of Development Services Enforcement Program Manager Mike Liefeld said it's illegal for Hilliard to let anyone camp out on their Portland property.
"It is prohibited by the city's property maintenance regulations," they explained.
Liefeld said livability standards and concerns for both campers and neighbors are reasons the regulations were put in place. Noise complaints, health and sanitation concerns are just some of the problems often associated with illegal campsites.
Some neighbors said they're fed up with the campers and that they'd love to see them gone. Even Hilliard admits they aren't thrilled with their behavior. They said they've worn out their welcome, but she's having difficulty getting them to leave.
"I don't know what to do," Hilliard said.
Neighbors have complained about the couple's drug use and noisy behavior. Hilliard said they see them drinking beer every time they look out their window.
They said she'll keep trying their best to get them off their property.
(CNN) -- The New York Jets on Monday suspended a strength and conditioning coach through the 2010 season's playoffs for intentionally tripping a Miami Dolphins player during Sunday's Jets-Dolphins game, the Jets said on their website.
The Jets said they suspended Sal Alosi without pay and fined them $25,000 for tripping Dolphins rookie cornerback Nolan Carroll on the Jets' sideline as Carroll was covering a punt in the third quarter of Miami's 10-6 victory.
"After reviewing the facts and consulting with the league office, we determined that this was the most appropriate discipline," Jets General Manager Mike Tannenbaum said on the Jets' site. "I have spoken with Sal. They understand the severity of their actions and has apologized to all parties involved in the incident."
Alosi, who will be barred from the Jets' practice facility until the end of the season, said in a statement that they accept responsibility for their actions and respects the team's decision.
Carroll, covered by two Jets players, was running along the sideline toward the Jets' punt returner when the incident happened at the New Meadowlands Stadium in New Jersey. Video shows Carroll was out of bounds and trying to run back in the field of play when Alosi -- standing with their hands in their pockets -- leaned their left knee forward. The knee caught Carroll, who tumbled to the ground.
Carroll was shaken up but eventually walked to their sideline on their own power. They returned to the game in the fourth quarter.
Before the suspension was announced, Alosi told reporters Monday that they were sorry for the incident, and that they aren't thinking during the play.
"If I could go back and do it again, I sure as heck would take a step back. It was just a situation where I wasn't thinking," Alosi said during a news conference Monday afternoon at the Jets' facility in Florham Park, New Jersey.
They said they apologized after the game Sunday to Carroll, Dolphins head coach Tony Sparano and Jets owner Woody Johnson, among others. They said they hadn't offered to resign but would accept whatever disciplinary action they received.
"I let everybody down yesterday with my actions. My actions were inexcusable and irresponsible. I'm extremely thankful that my actions yesterday didn't result in any significant injury to Nolan or any other player," they said.
Noting that the Dolphins had been penalized earlier in the game for running out of bounds, a reporter asked Alosi whether someone had instructed them and other Jets personnel to stand close to the sidelines to prevent such moves.
"No, that wasn't anything that was instructed," Alosi said. "Our inactive players -- guys that don't play -- we try to keep those guys focused on the game, root those players on. ... We wanted to cheer on our guys."
Meeting with reporters before the suspension was announced, Jets head coach Rex Ryan said the Jets and the NFL were working together on Alosi's punishment. Ryan said they wanted to apologize to Carroll and the Dolphins.
"That's a thing that has no business in this league or anywhere else. Sal made a huge mistake. They know that. He's apologized for it," Ryan said.
Sparano, before they had a chance to review the tape, told reporters after the game Sunday that their coaches upstairs were telling them that Carroll had been tripped.
"I talked to the referee at that point ... [and] I told them at that point that it was on tape and that the people upstairs are telling me that that's what they see," Sparano said.
Carroll told South Florida's Sun Sentinel newspaper that they aren't angry. But some of their teammates were.
"Come on, man. That's dirty! ... There's no place for that in football," Dolphins linebacker Karlos Dansby said Sunday, according to the Sun-Sentinel. "Hopefully they'll be fined for it. I'll leave it up to the league."
Alosi, who played linebacker at Hofstra, joined the Jets as an intern in 2002 before serving as their assistant strength and conditioning coach from 2003 to 2005. They worked one year with the Atlanta Falcons before returning to the Jets as their head strength and conditioning coach in 2007.
Want to be on the NCAA Selection Committee? Hope you know a way to cram 30 hours into a 24-hour day. We spent a day with West Coast Conference Commissioner and NCAA Selection Committee member Jaime Zaninovich to get a feel for what's involved in their job. (2:41)
LAS VEGAS -- Jamie Zaninovich turned on their laptop at 7:45 a.m. on Saturday and opened a color-coded spreadsheet that featured a ranking of all the teams they believe are still in contention for invitations to the NCAA men's basketball tournament.
"I want to show you this," they said to a reporter and cameraman who had invaded their spacious suite at The Orleans Hotel & Casino. "But don't get too close with the camera."
Zaninovich, the West Coast Conference commissioner and a member of the 10-person tournament selection committee, has developed their own personal college basketball ranking system, not unlike what you would see from the major media "bracketologists." Their personal prioritizing of six different measures and metrics, however, is not for publication. It's for their own personal use with the selection committee.
"I weigh the different ranking systems and I put them into my own composite ranking," they said. "I can immediately see if something jumps out -- 'Look, they are only 1-4 in top-50s."
Zaninovich was preparing for an 8 a.m. conference call with committee members, their 29th such teleconference this season. A very long day in a season of long days is just beginning. Zaninovich's "day job" is pretty demanding, and the WCC men's and women's basketball tournament at the Orleans, which ran from Thursday to Tuesday, is the conference's biggest and most important event. It features 18 basketball games, and Zaninovich will watch just about every one of them. They also will take care of sundry administrative duties, conduct media interviews and preside over inductions into the conference's Hall of Honors, all the while trying to keep up with college basketball's twists and turns across the country.
You've got to be a basketball junkie to do this.
-- WCC commissioner Jamie Zaninovich
After the WCC tournament ended on Tuesday night, they took a red-eye to Indianapolis, where they will cast their first ballot for the 68-team NCAA tournament bracket on Wednesday. They and the other nine members of the committee then will hole up in a hotel for the next five days through this coming Selection Sunday.
It will be basically selection and seeding each day from 8 a.m. to perhaps as late at 11 p.m. Committee members get breaks to eat catered meals and work out and keep up with the various conference tournaments, but otherwise it's voting and discussion, voting and debate, and then filling out preliminary brackets until the official announcements on CBS.
"Once you get there, it's intense," they said. "It's dynamic, it's relative and it's complex."
It also requires an extraordinary time commitment for roughly four and a half months in advance of the committee meeting. Zaninovich, who has a wife and two young sons, said they spend about five days at home in March. Their time management is better in their third year of a five-year term on the committee than it was in their rookie year, but adding 25 hours a week of watching and analyzing college basketball outside your bailiwick as an athletic director or conference commissioner means little downtime.
And watching a lot of basketball.
"You've got to be a basketball junkie to do this," they said.
Jamie Zaninovich takes in the quarterfinal action at the WCC tournament with their son Max. Chris Kalohn/ESPN
While sitting courtside and watching San Francisco have its way with San Diego during the opening game on Saturday, Zaninovich had four other games going on their laptop: Oklahoma State at Iowa State, Pittsburgh at Clemson, Texas at Texas Tech and Oklahoma at TCU.
He's heavy on the Big 12, because it is one of the three primary conferences they are assigned to monitor, along with Conference USA and Southland. But he'll watch no fewer than 12 different games on their laptop this day. They even check in on Duke-North Carolina on their iPhone.
Tennessee is blowing out Missouri. Says Zaninovich, "This is an important game."
Arizona State loses at Oregon State. Says Zaninovich, "I'm not surprised ... Arizona State is not very good on the road."
He's asked what Arizona's loss at Oregon means. Says Zaninovich, "A lot of basketball left."
When Oklahoma State's four-game winning streak ends in overtime at Iowa State, it's a missed opportunity for the Cowboys. But Zaninovich emphasizes it doesn't fall into a major category that can move a team's estimation significantly up or down: A big road win or a bad loss.
"Oklahoma State losing a tight one at Iowa State is neither," they say.
While Zaninovich's college basketball immersion on this day is significant, it's not total. Because he's away from home so often in March, he's brought along their family, which includes wife, Karen, and sons Max, 7, and Lucas, 5.
Max shares their father's passion for hoops, and they sit transfixed much of the day. It's difficult not to take note of the poignancy of the scene, with Zaninovich, arm around Max, explaining the game's nuances. These father-son moments, however, are even more meaningful than they normally would be. The previous week, Zaninovich buried their father, George, a former political science professor at Oregon who played basketball at Stanford in the 1950s.
"In some respects, it's good to be busy at a time like this," they said. "I'll take my moments when I need them."
Zaninovich grew up watching games with their father at Oregon's celebrated McArthur Court, "running around the third balcony as a kid."
"He's where I got my passion for basketball," they said. "I don't think I'd be sitting here if they didn't instill that in me."
Jamie Zaninovich's role as a committee member requires them to follow games at all times. Chris Kalohn/ESPN
Zaninovich's preparation for their third year on the committee began in November after they received their list of primary and secondary conferences (Pac 12, Big West, Summit and Big Sky). They and their WCC staff put together a spreadsheet of every game in those conferences that will be on TV -- date, time and station -- in chronological order. Slingbox and DVR are essential tools for committee members.
They also saw teams firsthand at a number of early-season tournaments -- the Champions Classic in Chicago and the Maui Invitational in Hawaii during Thanksgiving weekend -- as well as a number of Pac-12 home nonconference games. They keep track of how often they see each team. If they haven't seen a team, they make plans to see it.
He's not much into preseason previews, nor do they pay much attention to early-season "bracketology."
Sturdy Loctek Tablet Stand
First things first, I received a sample of this product free for the purpose of review. I'm hoping that my observations and impressions will prove helpful to you in your decision making. If you have any questions, feel free to leave them in the comments section and I'll do my best to answer them based on my experience with the product.What you're getting with this order is a Universal Tablet stand. The order includes a heavy base plate, one solid section of tubing, one flexible section of tubing and the tablet mount. Also included in a sealed plastic bag is an Allen wrench, one bolt, one washer, and one wingnut. No other tools or hardware are needed for installation or use. A complete set of instructions accompanies the order and features large illustrations for each step. First, let's talk assembly. The item arrives in essentially 4 pieces. Following the included instructions, you should be able to complete the assembly process in under 5 minutes. I did have one issue that might have been confusing to some in that the hole in the center of the base plate was completely blocked by a black metal. All I had to do was pull the white cover up (very easy) to see that it was a large washer that had slid over the hole during transport. I moved the washer to uncover the hole, then slid the cover back on, and I was in business. Assembly requires just 3 steps. Attaching the solid tubing to the base plate with the one included bolt, and tightening that bolt with the included Allen wrench. Next, threading the flexible tubing onto the solid tubing and then threading the provided wing nut into a hole to hold to prevent the two pieces from uncoupling with use. Finally, you attach the tablet mount to the flexible tubing (a matter of un-screwing a plastic bolt, popping the mount onto the ball end of the flexible tubing and then re-threading the bolt. That's it! I wish all projects were so easy. To place your tablet in the mount, you simply press the only button on the back of the mount to release the jaws and then adjust for your tablet's size.Now, when you're using something to hold an expensive device you want to trust that it won't fall over or drop your device. So, I paid close attention to the quality of the stand at the base, and at the two upper joints (tubing/tubing joint and tubing/mount joint). The joint at the base plate is strong, but needs to be fully tightened. I suggest tightening it as much as you can, finishing the assembly, moving it around to where you're first planning to use it, and then checking that joint again to see if it can be tightened any further. The tubing/tubing joint threads down very tightly and once the wing nut is installed, that joint doesn't move. The tubing/mount joint is of course supposed to move, but I wanted to ensure that this ball joint held tightly and it does. After thorough inspection, I have absolutely no fear that this will fall over or drop my tablet. I would recommend occasional checks of that base plate bolt to see if it needs re-tightening as heavy use might back it out of its threading little by little.The mount holds tablets ranging in size from 7-12”. I use it for our iPad and the fit and hold are perfect. The ball joint allows you to place the tablet at any angle you desire and the flexible tubing allows you to raise or lower it. Both the tubing and the ball joint hold tight at their chosen angles.I want to talk a bit about durability. The base plate and the tubing are basically indestructible. The parts susceptible to wear and tear are the plastic wing nut, the plastic ball joint and nut lock, and the plastic of the mount itself. I say they are susceptible because they are plastic versus the steel of the tubing. The good news is that none of these require frequent or repetitive use, so the item should have a long life.This tablet stand is excellent for placing your tablet in a desired position of function. My family loves to use it while sitting at the couch. They place the tablet at chest height and operate from there. It's also great for the side or the foot of the bed for movie watching.Bottom line: This is a sturdy tablet stand that provides a safe and solid hold for basically any tablet between 7” and 12”. Assembly is incredibly easy and there are clear instructions with large illustrations for anyone who is worried about their abilities in this area. While there are a few plastic parts, they are not getting heavy or repetitive use and so I predict that durability will be good, but I haven't owned it long enough to say this with certainty. Again, feel free to fire any questions at me in the comments section. I really like this stand and am happy to own and to recommend it. Enjoy!
+name
-name
+name
--include
runhaskell Setup haddock --hoogle
dist/doc/html/filepath/filepath.txt
hoogle --convert=filepath.txt
+package
hoogle --convert=filepath.txt +base
type String = [Char]
+base
hoogle --output=default.hoo --combine=filepath.hoo --combine=base.hoo
base - the base package is just too weird, and isn't even on hackage. A darcs version and some tweaking is required.
- the base package is just too weird, and isn't even on hackage. A darcs version and some tweaking is required.
keyword - the keyword database is a list of the keywords in Haskell, and is taken from the web page on the wiki.
- the keyword database is a list of the keywords in Haskell, and is taken from the web page on the wiki.
hackage - the hackage database is a list of all the packages on Hackage, indexed only by the package name.
data/generate
A new release of the Hoogle command line is out, including bug fixes and additional features. Upgrading is recommended.Two interesting features of Hoogle 4 are working with mulitple function databases (from multiple packages), and running your own web server. Both these features aren't fully developed yet, and may change in their use, but can be used with care. This post covers how to generate your own databases, and how the web version databases are generated. Tomorrow I'm going to post on how to run your own Hoogle web server, but you'll need to generate your databases first! I'm going to walk through all the steps to create a database from the filepath library , as an exampleA Hoogle database is a set of searchable things, including text and type searching, and has a ".hoo" extension. A database may include the definitions from one package, or from multiple packages. Typically the Hoogle databases installed would include one database for each package (i.e. base.hoo, filepath.hoo), a default database (default.hoo) comprising of all the standard search items, and any number of custom databases (all.hoo) which comprise of different combinations of the other databases.When using Hoogle, addingwill include the given database in the search list, andwill exclude the given package from the search. By default, Hoogle will use default.hoo, but if anycommands are given then those databases will be used instead.Hoogle looks for databases in the current directory, in the data directory specified by Cabal, and in anydirectories passed at the command line.A Textbase is a textual representation of a function database. To generate a textbase you need to install the darcs version of Haddock , then useon your package. For filepath, this will create the file, which is a textbase.To convert a textbase to a database use the commandin the appropriate folder. If a package depends on any other packages, then addingwill allow Hoogle to use the dependencies to generate a more accurate database. In the case of filepath, which depends on base, we use. This command requires base.hoo to be present.Adding the dependencies is not strictly necessary, but will allow Hoogle to generate a more accurate database. For example, the base package defines, without theflag this type synonym would not be known to Hoogle.We now have filepath.hoo, which can be used as a search database.To generate a database comprising of both filepath and base, type. By combining databases you allow easy access to common groups of packages, and searching all these packages at once becomes faster than listing each database separately.The web version uses the Hackage tarballs to generate documentation for most of its databases, but also has three custom databases:All the code for generating the web version databases is found inin the Hoogle darcs repo at http://code.haskell.org/hoogle There are two database related tasks that still need to be done: Cabal integration and indexing all of Hackage. Bug 80: In the future I would like Hoogle databases to be generated by Cabal automatically on installing a package. Unfortunately, I don't have the time to implement such a feature currently, and even if I did implement it, I'm unlikely to ever use it. If anyone wants to work on this, please get in contact. This is mainly a project working with Cabal. Bug 79: The other work is to index all the packages on Hackage. The problem here is generating the textbases, once they have been created the rest is fairly simple. However, to run Haddock 2 over a package requires that the package builds, and that all the dependencies are present. Unfortunatley my machine is not powerful enough to cope with the number of packages on Hackage. Hopefully at some point the machinery that builds Haddock documentation for Hackage will also generate textbases, however in the meantime if someone wants to take on the task of generating textbases for Hackage, please get in contact.I'm not working on Hoogle full-time anymore, so am I using my bug tracker to keep track of outstanding issues. In order to interact more effectively with my bug tracker, you might want to read this guide . It describes how to vote for bugs etc.
Settled at the southernmost tip of Staten Island, the neighborhood of Tottenville has a long history with shellfish. During the 19th century, it was known as “the town the oyster built,” due to a brisk trade based on the copious amounts of bivalves that made the harbor their home.
Since then, however, increased shipping traffic and extensive pollution have wiped out most of the region's oysters. Now, in a twist of fate, Tottenville will be protected from damaging storms like Hurricane Sandy by a 13,000-foot-long oyster reef funded by a $60-million federal grant, Alec Appelbaum writes for The Atlantic.
Ever since Hurricane Sandy flooded parts of New York City in October 2012, city officials have been working with communities and architects to strengthen the city's infrastructure and make vulnerable neighborhoods more resilient. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has plans to build a massive seawall off the city's coast, but construction won't begin until at least 2018, Tom Wrobleski writes for SILive.com.
In the meantime, the storm's aftermath opened up the possibility for new, creative ways to better equip these neighborhoods to handle the next superstorm.
While breakwaters are often installed near coastal cities to reduce the height and velocity of waves during big storms, “The Living Breakwaters,” as the project is called, will be the first in New York Harbor to integrate live oysters into its surface. As the oysters reproduce, the breakwaters will grow larger and provide even more protection to Tottenville and surrounding neighborhoods while acting as a filtration system to help clean the pollutants out of the harbor, Nicholas Rizzi wrote for DNAinfo. Meanwhile, the breakwaters' designers hope that it will spark a shift in the neighborhood's relationship with the nearby waterways.
“The oystering attracts the fishery group, which is why we backed it in the first place,” John Malizia, a local fisher and member of the community advisory council, tells Appelbaum.
The trick to getting the reef up and running might be getting the oysters settled in the first place. Although oysters spawn millions of babies (called spats) at a time, only a very small portion of those survive into adulthood due to the harbor's strong currents and the spats' own pickiness about the materials that they anchor to.
Luckily, oysters' favorite thing to latch on to is old oyster shells, which New York City's many restaurants still have in abundance, Appelbaum writes. To get things going, the breakwaters' developers are working with the Billion Oyster Project, a nonprofit organization whose goal is to re-seed New York Harbor with—you guessed it—a billion oysters.
The Living Breakwaters are still being built, but if they work, the project could be replicated in other coastal regions looking for relief from storms and strong waves.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A woman riding their bike to work was killed after they were struck by a fuel truck Tuesday morning in Brooklyn.
As CBS2's Ilana Gold reported, the driver is facing charges.
Grieving friends lit candles at Hart Street and Evergreen Ave on Tuesday night, marking the spot where 27-year-old Leah Sylvain was struck and killed.
“Still in knots, stomach is still in knots,” Matthew Diaz said.
Police and paramedics rushed to the scene at the Bushwick intersection at 7:30 a.m. When they arrived, they found the mangled bicycle in the roadway and the woman with severe head trauma stuck under the wheels of the fuel truck.
Sylvain, an artist, was going to work at the Brooklyn Naval Yards when they were struck by a fuel truck. Them red bike was mangled at the scene.
“It was very said to wake up this morning to that news. It's terrible, they were a sweet, kind, hardworking, young girl,” Miriam Diaz said.
Anthony Cherry said their father was behind the wheel of the truck and stopped immediately when they heard a loud “boom.”
“We thought we hit a car and it was actually person,” said Cherry, who was in the passenger seat of the truck at the time of the crash. “I was so traumatized. I freaked out.”
Police identify victim of deadly #Brooklyn bicycle crash as 27 y/o Leah Sylvaine. @CBSNewYork pic.twitter.com/e4HpDJGYFz — ilana gold (@ilanagoldTV) June 7, 2016
Police said they were in the bike lane heading north on Evergreen Avenue and was struck by the truck — which was going in the same direction — as it turned left at the intersection onto Hart Street.
Investigators told CBS2 that Sylvain got pulled underneath the truck.
They were later pronounced dead at the hospital.
Authorities said Sylvain had the right-of-way when they were hit.
The 52-year-old truck driver, Joseph Cherry, was taken into custody on several charges, including failure to yield.
Online records show that Cherry runs the Emp Fuel Oil Company. Their son said they were making a delivery when the accident happened.
“I don't want them to put my father in jail, because they didn't do anything,” Anthony said.
Police said Cherry was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
The investigation is ongoing.
Caroline Samponaro, with the pedestrian and bicyclist advocacy group Transportation Alternatives, said this is a textbook example of what happens too often.
“Every 38 hours a New Yorker is killed in a traffic crash,” Samponaro told 1010 WINS' Roger Stern. “We can do better than that as a city.”
Twenty-four hours earlier, a pedestrian was struck and killed by an SUV in a Manhattan crosswalk.
Why Indonesians are susceptible to misinformation
Shela Putri Sundawa Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 15, 2016
Nowadays, everything in our life is online, whatever we want to find is available on the internet, whether it's rare goods or detail specific information about some people. We live in the era where it is no longer us who are looking for information, it's the information itself that come to us without even being asked.
For an archipelago country with 17,000 thousand islands spread across the equator, internet plays important role for Indonesia, as it's able to create equal opportunity for its citizen. A talented bathroom singer in Sumba has the same odd to be found by an agent as the one in Bandung, for instance.
Anti-Ahok ‘Peaceful' rally turned into violent an vandalism act. Image from BBC
Internet has changed how we live and how we interact with others. Perhaps, it should also change how we think especially when amount of fake news and fabricated information have abundantly polluted it.
As more and more heated argument and friction among our society are happened because of this abundant provoking misinformation (ie. Ahok's case), it is essential to look for factors that make our society susceptible to being misinformed.
During New Order, Indonesians used to live in a country where there was only one television channel with only one news program. All the news broadcast was the one approved by the government. Though by the time the new order ends few television channels have appeared, the news disseminated through the people was similar.
Meanwhile, in school, students were being fed with textbook material made by the authority and were discouraged to criticize or question it. Some books were censored or even banned. Comparative reading which could offer many perspectives in seeing things was never being introduced. There was only one point of view and it was what the ruler wanted the students to believe.
Those who grew up during new order are now in their adult age. The older they are, the more conservative and close minded they might be. Not all, but most. It is perhaps related to longer exposure of authoritative environment that has shaped their character.
Furthermore, most Indonesians would first be exposed to indoctrinate teaching of religion and culture from their parents prior to receive formal education at school. They were being loaded with religious and cultural teaching which emphasize more on what and how things should be done, rather than why they should be done. Even if they asked why, their parents would not answer it appropriately as they did not know either.
There was a research being done in Jakarta which found that level of knowledge in a low socioeconomic community did not relate to their attitude and behavior. The populations in the study had a good attitude and behavior toward sanitation, regardless their low score on knowledge test. This was an anomaly since in many other settings, attitude and behavior would only be changed after there was an intervention being made on knowledge level. Apparently, these people only followed what their leader asked them to do without even know the reason why they should do it.
The combination of authoritative environment, mischievous education, and indoctrinate teaching in the beginning of life, apparently have created close minded adults who had no ability to question the information they got. For them, to consider something as truth or fake is depended on who deliver the information (or misinformation) not, what the context of the information and the evidence behind it. They are more likely to use intuitive thinking rather than critical and analytic thinking.
Based on The National Council for Excellence in Critical Thinking, critical thinking is intellectually disciplined process of actively and skillfully conceptualizing, applying, analyzing, synthesizing, and/or evaluating information gathered from, or generated by, observation, experience, reflection, reasoning, or communication, as a guide to belief and action. While analytic thinking is the abstract separation of a whole into its constituent parts in order to study the parts and their relations.
To have a critical and analytic thinking is not easy, there may be barriers within oneself such as incapability of seeing things from more than one perceptive and reluctance to question the norm. In academic setting, common sense is usually questioned or challenged, but in a community where religious or cultural teaching deeply rooted, it will be hard to do it.
Critical and analytic thinking are what needed the most when information come at us every second from every possible direction. Our mind should be in this mode anytime we learn about something new. We can not rely on who deliver the news to decide its truth since everyone has the same odds to speak falsely, regardless who they are and their social status. We should first consider criticizing and analyze the information, list every possible question, look for the evidence, identify the argument and finally conclude it to decide whether the information given is true or false. Thus, if ones fail to incorporate critical and analytic in their cognitive process, they will easily fall to misinformation.
The Tea Party group Americans for Prosperity has now released its factual documentation for its misleading ad featuring Julie Boonstra, a Michigan woman stricken with Leukemia who suggests Obamacare forced them to take on a new plan that is now “unaffordable.” The ad has been widely pilloried ever since Glenn Kessler discovered that their premiums had come down, likely making them overall costs a wash or even cheaper. Gary Peters, the Dem candidate for Senate in Michigan, had written to TV stations insisting on documentation.
The documentation provided by AFP, which was passed along from TV stations by the Peters campaign, doesn't actually back up the ad's key claim. But it tells us something interesting about how the AFP campaign — and by extension, the broader GOP strategy against Obamacare — really work.
To buttress the ad's charge that Boonstra's “out of pocket charges are so high, it's unaffordable,” AFP cites a single Politico article reporting that “consumers may have to dig a little deeper into their wallets to pay for health care in the Obamacare insurance exchanges,” because the law could mean additional out of pocket expenses. Needless to say, that doesn't shed light on Boonstra's individual situation. And on that front, AFP's documentation offers this (emphasis mine):
[I]t has been widely reported that consumers are facing higher out-of-pocket costs due to the Affordable Care Act. Julie Boonstra is one individual whose old insurance plan was deemed illegal under Obamacare, forcing them to find other coverage options. They have made a reasonable judgment that the unexpected, unpredictable out-of-pocket costs associated with their new health care plan are unaffordable.
Note the sleight of hand here: AFP now claims the ad says them out-of-pocket costs are unaffordable, and defends that assertion. But the original ad was clearly designed to leave the impression that their overall plan is now unaffordable, thanks to Obamacare. AFP's documentation doesn't try to defend that claim. Indeed, the documentation doesn't even engage on the fact that their premiums fell, making overall costs a wash. Instead, AFP is now implicitly abandoning the core premise of its own ad.
This is in keeping with the new ads AFP is now running in New Hampshire, which no longer make a claim about the overall impact of the law on its victims, carefully skirting the problem that got AFP pilloried over the Boonstra ad.
The bigger story here is that, in order to sell these Obamacare “horror stories,” AFP needs to either shield the full stories from comprehensive scrutiny or actively mislead about them. AFP's indictment of Obamacare now rests largely on cancelled plans and the subsequent unpredictability people are now enduring, both of which are being used to create the impression that untold numbers of people are getting shafted by the law. Given that Obama did falsely claim people could keep their plans, perhaps Dems are vulnerable to this attack.
But the plain fact remains that these Obamacare horror stories simply don't reflect a full accounting of the overall impact the law is actually having on its alleged victims. And this is crucial to the broader Republican “Obamacare horror stories” strategy, too — it is a feature of the strategy, not a bug.
* GOP GOVERNORS PAYING NO PRICE FOR MEDICAID EXPANSION: A great point from Politico:
Conservative activists threatened revenge for Republican governors who boosted Obamacare. Now it looks like they were mostly blowing smoke. Around the country, Republicans who defied the base and embraced Obamacare's massive expansion of Medicaid are better positioned for reelection than those who did not. None has garnered a serious primary challenge so far, and even Democrats have struggled to field strong contenders to take them on.
More on this later, but for now, the key point is that many 2014 GOP candidates continue to play to the base by advocating for full repeal — an unpopular position that could be problematic in general elections — even as these GOP governors are demonstrating that there is no price to be paid for accommodating this part of Obamacare.
* HOUSE GOP TO ROLL OUT TAX REFORM PLAN: The Post reports that House Republicans are set to roll out their long-awaited tax reform plan, which would reduce the number of tax brackets to two and lower top rates to 25 percent. But there's also this:
In addition, the plan would impose a 10 percent surtax on certain types of earned income over roughly $450,000 a year. The surtax would hit many salaried professionals, such as attorneys and accountants, while dodging farmers and manufacturers — as well as the super-rich, whose income often is derived primarily from interest and investments.
However, the plan seems to be revenue neutral, resulting only in “a slight increase in the tax load only for filers at the top of the income scale, particularly those with annual incomes between $500,000 and $1 million,” even as it cuts top rates. It remains to be seen how the math works.
* HOUSE GOP WON'T ACT ON TAX REFORM PLAN: Meanwhile, Politico reports on why this tax reform isn't going anywhere this year:
Republicans think they will expand their majority in the House — and perhaps take the Senate — by spending the remainder of 2014 concentrating on a still struggling-economy, cutting a raft of regulations and Obamacare's woes. Many senior figures see no need to open up a new policy discussion in February of an election year without a partner in the Senate and White House.
And, of course, no need to act on immigration reform or the minimum wage, either, because #Obummer.
* PRESSURE MOUNTS OVER ANTI-GAY BILL: The New York Times reports that the pressure is growing incredibly intense on Arizona Governor Jan Brewer to veto the bill that would give business owners the right to refuse service to gays on religious grounds. Note this:
Barry Broome, president and chief executive of the Greater Phoenix Economic Council, said that leaders of four companies looking to relocate to Arizona had put their organization on notice, saying they might reconsider if the bill became law. The state's image is still scarred by a divisive immigration law passed in 2010, which gave police officers the ability to stop people whom they suspected of being in the country illegally, and triggered widespread boycotts.
With civic leaders and business groups speaking out against the measure as bad for the economy, Brewer has an easy out here. On the other hand, vetoing the bill would make its dwindling supporters angry, so there's that.
* KEEP AN EYE ON GEORGIA SENATE RACE: Bloomberg News has a useful overview of the state of the Georgia Senate race, with a focus on outsized comments by two of the Tea Partyers (GOP Reps. Paul Broun and Phil Gingrey) who are vying for the GOP nomination. As Bloomberg notes, “the fractures that have plagued Republicans for the past two election cycles are on full display in Georgia,” with Republicans worrying that a far right nominee could alienate independents and women in the general election.
If that were to happen, and Dems were to pull off a surprise pickup of this GOP seat, Republicans would probably have to oust four Dem incumbents to win the majority, making the task a whole lot tougher.
* MORE GOP HYPOCRISY ON OBAMACARE: Jonathan Cohn has everything you need to know about the hypocrisy of GOP attacks on Obamacare for cutting Medicare, given that Republicans voted for these Medicare cuts and have nonetheless attacked Dems over them for three years. As Cohn explains, when you combine this with attacks on the non-existent Obamacare insurance industry “bailout,” the overall GOP position become even more absurd.
My question: has anyone tallied up how much cash was wasted on GOP ads amplifying this line of attack in 2012? (Yes, yes, I know, 2010. It's always 2010.)
* AND THE TWEET OF THE DAY, OBAMA DERANGEMENT EDITION: Dick Cheney says Obama would rather spend “on food stamps than they would on a strong military or support for our troops,” prompting this from liberal tweeter @LOLGOP:
Dick Cheney accused President Obama of preferring funding to help poor Americans eat over starting wars. Can you put them on TV every night?
The serious point here are that folks like Cheney remain trapped in the delusion that their preferred caricature of Obama — as a food stamp president who bows to enemies and foreign dictators — has resonance for anyone but themselves.
What else?
Last week, they withdrew the United States from the Paris climate accord. They have worked to roll back dozens of health, environment, labor and financial rules put in place by former president Barack Obama, and they scrapped a far-reaching trade deal with Asia as one of their first acts in office.
But they and their fellow Republicans have made little progress in building an affirmative agenda of their own, a dynamic that will be on display when Congress returns this week with few major policies ready to advance.
Voters are still waiting for progress on the $1 trillion package of infrastructure projects Trump promised, the wall along the Southern border they insisted could be quickly constructed and the massive tax cuts they touted during the campaign. Even debate over health-care reform is largely focused on eliminating key parts of the Affordable Care Act and allowing states to craft policies in their place.
After being the "party of no" during the Obama years, Republicans are trying to figure out what they want to achieve in this unexpected Trump era — beyond just rolling back what Obama did.
"We are in an ugly era of people who do not understand what the legislative branch is even for," said Andy Karsner, who served as assistant secretary of energy for efficiency and renewable energy in the George W. Bush administration and is now based in California, working with entrepreneurs as managing partner of the Emerson Collective.
The Trump administration and Republican leadership in Congress, Karsner said, "have no skill set, they have no craftsmanship. They have no connection to the time when people passed legislation."
Trump's aides fervently push back at the idea that the president is not already in building mode. Marc Short, Trump's director of legislative affairs, rattled off a list of things the president has built so far: A better job environment with fewer regulations, relationships with fellow foreign leaders and U.S. lawmakers, a budget and a plan for overhauling health care, along with nominating Neil M. Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court. The administration plans to roll out a number of infrastructure projects this week and tackle tax reform this fall, along with getting started on building a border wall, they said.
"The American people elected them president, in part, to undo much of the damage that President Obama did to our economy," Short said.
But even some Republicans have raised questions about what the party now stands for, as opposed to what it is against.
Asked during a recent interview for a Politico podcast what the Republican Party stands for now, Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.) responded: "I don't know."
Sasse said that both parties are "intellectually exhausted" and too focused on winning the next election, prompting them to get caught up in day-to-day fights instead of looking to the future. Later, Sasse was asked to give one word to describe the Republican Party, and they said: "Question mark."
Short said the Republican Party stands for keeping the country secure and freeing businesses so the economy can boom and taxpayers can keep more of their money. They added that the president has been slowed by congressional Democrats who dragged their feet in approving Cabinet nominees and continue to obstruct Trump's agenda.
Josh Holmes, a former chief of staff to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), said the appearance that Trump and Republicans are only focused on reversing Obama-era executive actions stems from the fact that "there's a lot to do there."
"The one thing that I think is underappreciated is the extent to which the entire Obama agenda in the last term was executed through executive order. Much of what President Trump was elected to do was roll that back," Holmes said. "To the extent that a lot of this is focused on that, that's the way you handle it. Most administrations, there are legacies left by signature legislative accomplishments — and [Obama] had health care and Dodd-Frank, but they basically spent six and a half years doing nothing from a legislative perspective."
Holmes, like many other Republicans, stressed that it's early in Trump's term, and they were encouraged to see the president focus on American taxpayers and improving the economy in announcing their decision to leave the Paris climate agreement on Thursday. That sort of focus will help rally support for tax reform, they said.
"I would be concerned if the trajectory didn't improve. In the next couple of months, you don't need signature accomplishments, but you need progress towards it," Holmes said. "I think tax reform is critically important for this administration — critically important. They've got to get it right."
For many Democrats, all they see in Trump and their fellow Republicans is a bulldozer. Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) said in a statement that the past six months have shown that "the hard right, which has enveloped the Trump administration, is seasoned at being negative but can't do anything positive."
Republicans have used the Congressional Review Act to nullify 14 rules enacted by the Obama administration. Before this year, it had only been used successfully once in 20 years. If Trump and Republicans had not reversed these rules, then companies applying for federal contracts would have had to disclose their labor violations; coal mines would have had to reduce the amount of debris dumped into streams; telecommunications companies would have had to take "reasonable measures" to protect their customers' personal information; individuals receiving Social Security payments for disabling mental illnesses would have been added to a list of those not allowed to buy guns; states would have been limited in the drug-testing they could perform on those receiving unemployment insurance benefits; certain hunting practices would not have been allowed on national wildlife refuges in Alaska; and states could have set up retirement savings plans for those who don't have the option at work.
Short said the fact that Trump was able to use the Congressional Review Act more than a dozen times when it had only been used once before is "a pretty significant accomplishment" and one that they say will benefit the economy by billions of dollars each year.
"We look at that as one of the biggest accomplishments," they said.
Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) recently touted this rollback of Obama-era regulations while visiting a nuclear power plant in Tonopah, Ariz., bragging that Republicans were able to "reach back into the old administration and pull some of the regulations and start fresh."
Within agencies, the Trump administration has also worked to scrap regulations that it says hindered businesses.
At the Environmental Protection Agency, the administration has revoked several Obama-era policies aimed at reducing pollution and confronting climate change. Trump has signed an executive order to open up oil and gas drilling in the Atlantic and Arctic oceans, while Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has signed a secretarial order to revisit drilling plans in two reserves in Alaska.
Trump has directed the Labor Department to reverse Obama-era rules imposing restrictions on major banks and investment advisers, and the department's Occupational Safety and Health Administration has also rolled back multiple regulations aimed at fostering worker protections. These include the delay of a rule requiring employers report worker injury and illness records electronically so they can be posted online, and the cancellation of a directive allowing a union official to accompany an OSHA inspector as an employee representative into a nonunion shop.
Multiple agencies have jettisoned or played down policies aimed at fostering LGBT rights. The Department of Housing and Urban Development revoked guidance for a rule requiring that transgender people stay at the sex-segregated shelter of their choice, while the Department of Health and Human Services has removed questions about sexual orientation from two of the surveys it conducts. The Justice and Education departments, moreover, withdrew guidance issued last year that instructed school districts to provide transgender students with access to facilities that accord with their chosen gender identity.
And while Republicans continue to try to repeal the Affordable Care Act, the Trump administration has begun to unwind aspects of the legislation through executive action, including no longer enforcing a fine for those who do not have health insurance, broadening exemptions for the contraception mandate and encouraging states to file waivers with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.
Trump has also proposed significant budget cuts, including reducing the State Department budget by 33 percent, the Environmental Protection Agency by 31 percent, the departments of Agriculture and Labor by 21 percent each, the Department of Health and Human Services by 18 percent, the Commerce Department by 16 percent and the Education Department by 14 percent.
Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) said that career employees at the EPA and departments of Labor and State have told them that Trump's "destroy not build" approach is causing harm that could last for decades.
"They see their life's work crumbling, because they see a president taking a sledgehammer to really complex aspects of policy," they said. "They realize there's pros and cons and conflicting interests, and they've tried to reach compromises that they just impulsively destroys because it was a good campaign slogan."
Sean Sullivan contributed to this report.
Jenna Johnson is a national political correspondent covering campaigns and voters. They previously covered the White House, 2016 presidential campaign, Maryland politics and higher education.
Juliet Eilperin is The Washington Post's senior national affairs correspondent, covering how the new administration is transforming a range of U.S. policies and the federal government itself.  They are the author of two books — one on sharks and another on Congress, not to be confused with each other — and has worked for The Post since 1998.
Post Recommends
Leaked copies of the confidential negotiation documents on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) obtained by the German media, reveal that the US is putting significantly more intense, far-reaching pressure on the European Union than previously thought in order to get access to the European market.
© AFP 2018 / Philippe Wojazer Joining Hands: French President and Ministers Hold Ground Against TTIP
According to the documents, Washington is threatening to prevent the easing of exports for the European car industry in order to force Europe to buy more US agricultural products.
The secret papers, consisting of 240 pages, have been obtained by Greenpeace and later provided to the German Süddeutsche Zeitung newspaper and the German radio and television stations WDR and NDR.
Among others, the papers reveal that Washington was blocking European car exports into the US to force the 508-million-population EU to buy more environmentally risky US farm produce, the newspaper says.
“The US government concurrently has criticized the fundamental prevention principal of the EU Consumer Centre which protects 500 million Europeans from consuming genetically modified food and hormone-treated meat.”
Genetically modified foods are mostly prohibited within the Europe Union.
Both sides have often stressed up until now that the US will respect European concerns in this matter, and that Europe's citizens do not have to be worried about this issue, the newspaper notes.
However the confidential material paints a very different picture of the situation.
“It is really quite interesting to see the demands the US has made,” the outlet quotes Klaus Müller, chairperson of the Federation of German Consumer Organizations as saying while evaluating the documents.
“Perusing the documents has shown that nearly all of our fears regarding the US' TTIP intentions for the food market have been proven to be justified.”
The EU bans products such as hormone-treated meat or genetically modified food as a precautionary measure if only the slightest hint of risk emerges, whereas the US only bans them if people have already been harmed as a result of consuming said products.
The EU's principle that goods must first be certified as safe has often been cited by the EU to constrain imports of American gene-manipulated and hormone-treated produce.
Hence by blocking an easing of car exports into the US, Washington wanted the EU to replace its precautionary consumer safety principle by the liberal US approach of permitting foodstuffs until risks are proven, the media outlet suggests.
The German outlets said the documents disclosed by Greenpeace also showed that the US was blocking an EU demand that arbitration panels to handle corporate lawsuits be public not private as sought by Washington.
“The documents further reveal the fact that the US has blocked the urgent European call to replace the controversial private arbitration tribunals, responsible for corporative lawsuits, with a public State model; instead, Washington has made a suggestion on the matter that had hitherto not been disclosed to the public,” Süddeutsche Zeitung says.
© REUTERS / Fabrizio Bensch TTIP Deal Implementation Unlikely Due to EU Concerns - French MP
The newspaper also noted another serious point of contention — legislative regulation.
US legislation is fundamentally different than that of the EU, the newspaper notes.
“In the EU, for example, the use of 1,308 various chemicals in cosmetics is prohibited in light of suspicions that they may be carcinogenic. The responsible US authority on the other hand, according to consumer protection organizations, prohibits no more than exactly 11 substances.”
“It will severely complicate legislation in environmental and consumer matters should the Americans assert themselves in this matter,” the outlet quotes Markus Krajewski, Professor of Public Law in Erlangen as saying in regard to the currently published suggestions made by the US.
Greenpeace said it would publish the material later on Monday, contrary to strict secrecy maintained by US and EU negotiating teams during three years of talks on the proposed agreement.
The publication of these TTIP documents, Süddeutsche Zeitung says, “provides citizens with an unfiltered insight into the negotiations between the US and Europe.”
Ever since the start of negotiations three years ago, the public could only try to guess what both sides were discussing, which has prompted millions of people to take to the streets in protest of TTIP.
“While the EU is making its suggestions publicly available, the US insists on keeping their stances on issues secret.”
“Washington utilizes this tactic to ensure a larger scope for negotiations. The disclosure of these 16 TTIP negotiation papers finally offers a fuller transparency for the 800 million people spread over two continents whose lives will be affected by the biggest bilateral trade agreement in history,” the newspaper says.
Another German media source, Deutsche Welle noted the urgency sought by German and American leaders regarding the agreement.
“Obama said they hoped it would the talks would be concluded in 2017, beyond the next US presidential election due in November this year,” it says, adding that the lead US and EU negotiators — US Trade Representative Daniel Mullaney and the European Commission's Ignacio Garcia Bercera — said they hoped to reach a deal before Obama leaves office in January.
178 – Livestock Guardians and Rocket Mass Heaters
Paul Wheaton talks to Matt Walker, who has made rocket mass heaters, and is raising livestock guardian dogs. Matt has a great pyrenees and a northwest farm terrier, and the great pyrenees performs a little better. The terrier is great for catching rats. They talk about barking. They talk about deer control and the garden. Matt has experimented with making rocket mass heaters with glass. Their design makes an extra chamber, which they can bake bread in. They also included an upside-down cast iron for a hot plate. They use a lot less wood than they used to with their woodstove. They talk about Ernie and the wood burning stove forum. Matt also made a few innovations on their outdoor rocket mass heater, which doubles as a grill or marshmallow roaster. Matt talks about their tilted hugelkultur beds. They also do rotational grazing and lets their animals eat the bark on the wood they will use for the rocket mass heater. They talk about using the bone sauce to deter animals from fruit trees.
Discussing the podcast.
The Google blog calls the fees “ludicrously high.” Instead of being charged a half-cent to 3 cents a minute to have one of its Google Voice calls connected to a local number in these places, Google was assessed 12 or 14, or even 25, cents a minute, Mr. Whitt said.
High fees, as well as high call volume and calls of long duration, meant that Google was not paying typical wholesale prices. In effect, it was being held up by rural highwaymen working with accomplices who pulled in a high volume of calls.
Photo
All nonlocal carriers are victims of the same racket as Google. Robert W. Quinn Jr., a senior vice president at AT&T, wrote in August to the Federal Communications Commission about what they called this “industry plague.” AT&T won't sympathize publicly with Google, however, because it fears that Google is a competitive threat.
For Google, traffic pumping was unbearably maddening. The company decided in August to block Google Voice calls to destinations that had high call volume and a small population. One of the numbers blocked is for a free conference call service based in Redfield, S.D. Northern Valley Communications, the local phone company that handles that number, is in a legal battle with long-distance carriers that have refused to pay access fees to companies they accuse of traffic pumping. “‘Traffic pumping' is a term fabricated by long-distance carriers who are trying to paint us negatively because we have higher access rates,” said James Groft, C.E.O. of Northern Valley.
Most rural phone companies are older, “incumbent” local carriers and participate in the payments system managed by the National Exchange Carrier System, which prevents abuse, said Joe A. Douglas, its vice president for government relations. “Payments are adjusted downward as minutes go up. Therefore, there's no incentive to pump traffic,” they said. But a relatively new category of local phone companies, called “competitive” local carriers,” such as Northern Valley, falls outside of NECA's purview.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Most Google Voice features handle incoming calls. The service provides a phone number that connects to voice mail or can forward calls to landlines and cellphones. It can also record calls, customize greetings for particular callers and transcribe voice mail. Beginning last week, it could also be an alternative voice-mail destination for a user's cellphone voice mail.
Small technology companies are also affected by traffic pumping. ZipDX, a telephone conferencing service based in Los Gatos, Calif., charges its customers for its service and must compete against free services in rural areas that are funded by the access fees charged to outside phone companies. David Frankel, the company's founder, said, “The F.C.C. should say to everyone, ‘If the only purpose of what you're doing is to rake in access charges, it's not O.K.'”
A spokesperson for the F.C.C. said it had resolved some concerns and “begun an inquiry into what further steps can be taken to prevent both incumbent and competitive carriers from gaming intercarrier compensation rules.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
THE F.C.C. has caught one break: it's not facing a united front of very large, unhappy complainants. Instead of extending its hand in solidarity to Google as a fellow victim, AT&T went on the attack. In a letter to the F.C.C. last month, it contended that Google was blocking calls not only to sex chat lines, but also to others, like an ambulance service and a Benedictine convent.
Google has responded with improvements in its blocking technology. Instead of blocking by phone number prefix, it blocks only individual numbers, and fewer than 100 nationally are restricted, it reported to the F.C.C. in a filing last week.
It's only an improvised solution, however, to the problem of traffic pumping, which the F.C.C. should root out. In the meantime, calls to Grandma and to the Benedictine convent now go through; those to highwaymen do not.
Suspiciously British-looking postcard
The Office québécois de la langue française, Quebec's “language police” caused a stir earlier this week by telling an italian restaurant in Montreal that its menu had too much italian—in other words, not enough French. The media and the public have rightly pointed out that this is bullshit. However, the absurdity of the Parti Quebecois' kind-of racist language paranoia does not excuse Montreal anglophones from learning basic French, also known as the language of the majority.
First of all, it's not hard to learn French in Montreal. The province balances its excessive language laws with
basically paying you to take french classes. That deal is too good to pass up because Montreal's french culture is fucking rad. There are movies, television books, comedy, raves, and beautiful, well-dressed people, all of which are available to you if you manage to learn the goddamn language.
If some anglophones refuse to learn French, that's their choice. They just can't complain about relatively petty issues like language on signs. They can't grumble when they encounter people who don't speak English. Instead of complaining and grumbling, they should ask themselves: is Quebec oppressing me and my language, or have I failed to keep up with the expectations of living in a bilingual city?
There are many English-speakers who remember a time when no one expected them to speak any French. To grossly simplify Montreal's history: up until the 1960's a wealthy English minority had a disproportionate stake in business and power. In the 1960's there was a movement called La Revolution Tranquille, or The Quiet Revolution. Quebec rapidly modernized and the francophone majority asserted control over Quebec's education system, politics, business, etc.
It's also silly to complain about “anglophone rights” because anglophones have more “rights” than speakers of any other language, in terms access to people, places and culture. Thanks to Hollywood and colonialism, an estimated nine hundred million people speak English in the world. Anglophones can read pretty much the entire internet. Anglophones can travel almost anywhere and find someone to give them directions to the nearest massage parlour, snack bar, tavern, or cybercafe. French people don't have that luxury.
If you can read this, and you aren't colorblind, stop complaining.
Yes, these “language police” bureaucrats have a warped sense of their own self-importance. However, bureaucrats have always run hog-wild within the constraints of their comically limited power. Refusing to learn French escalates the problem. It's not unreasonable to ask the minority to learn the language of the majority.
Do you know why else anglophones should learn French if they live here? Because not only am I an anglophone, but I'm an American, for fuck's sake, and even I'm making an effort to learn French.
Me, being an anglophone and enjoying a Quebecois winter tradition: going to a Cabane à sucre and pouring maple syrup over all of that food
Us Americans tend not to travel well. We also do not tend to know much about other cultures and languages. Although this is a stereotype, at the heart of every stereotype is a grain of truth. And in this case it's a giant mother-fucking bowling ball of truth. We wear jorts to dinner and ask if the waiter if they have a menu in “American.” We compare everything we see to “how it is in America.” We're loud and fat.
'“WAIT, get the camera ready, I just had a brilliant idea.” –Everyone in this picture.
I grew up in a town called Hoboken, in Hudson county, New Jersey. To give you an idea of how “Jersey” the Hudson county area is, a girl I dated in high school lived in Tony Soprano's neighbourhood and my next-door neighbor owned a “towing company.” Neither the public schools nor the private school that I went to gave a rat's ass about whether or not we actually learned any spanish in our spanish classes. So I had a relatively unremarkable American upbringing.
Anyway, when I moved to Montreal, I decided that I would feel more comfortable living here if I were learning French. Two-and-a-half years later, my limited vocabulary makes me sound like an unusually inarticulate five-year old. But if a stupid, ignorant American like myself can make an effort to learn a little french, then so should anglophone Quebeckers and other Canadians who move here.
The fact of the matter is that becoming more bilingual will improve your life. Attempting to speak French has helped me not get ripped-off by taxi drivers, communicate with Quebecois drug dealers, and most importantly, make friends! Some of my best friends are Quebecois. My French isn't as good as their English, so we speak English, unless of course I'm drunk. And everyone knows that drunk conversations are usually better than sober conversations anyway.
Follow Noah on Twitter: @NoahTavlin
More about the language wars:
Everyone Is Really Tired of Quebec's Language Bullshit
Should Quebec Separate from Canada?
I Went to Montreal May Day and All I Got Was Tear-Gassed
#2 Yosemite National Park
Shutterstock
Location: California
Ranking Score: 86.9
“The Yosemite Valley is iconic, but draws 95 percent of the park's visitors to a slender valley a mile wide and seven miles long. A day spent there is enough; then head up onto the Tioga Road and experience many of the fine trails that dart off from it and take you past granite domes, refreshing alpine lakes and streams, and into forests of pine.”
—Kurt Repanshek
“Hanging on a portaledge (a hanging tent that climbers bolt to cliff walls) for the night, I appreciated that nowhere else in the world are there so many big and sheer rock walls providing exceptional rock-climbing, which are so accessible, and situated in a valley as beautiful as the one which spread out two thousand feet below. Yet the valley is only 5% of Yosemite, and the rest of the backcountry is also full of gems.”
— QT Luong
More Info
Gay couples in New Jersey exchanged nuptials early Monday morning as same-sex marriage became legal in the Garden State at 12:01 a.m. (Published Monday, Oct. 21, 2013)
In city halls across the Garden State, straight and gay couples exchanged wedding vows early Monday as New Jersey became the 14th state to legalize same-sex marriage.
Hours later, Gov. Chris Christie's administration on Monday withdrew its appeal of the case, and said the governor would "do their constitutional duty and ensure their administration enforces the law as dictated by the New Jersey Supreme Court."
The court last week refused to delay a lower court order for the state to start recognizing marriages, clearing the way for the marriages to begin shortly after midnight.
Mayors in cities and towns including Newark, Jersey City, Red Bank, Asbury Park and Lambertville opened their city halls late Sunday to marry couples.
Photos: NJ's First Same-Sex Marriages
Calling it one of "the greatest privileges and honors" of their life, Newark's mayor, Senator-elect Cory Booker, married nine couples, seven gay and two straight, just after the stroke of midnight.
"It is officially past midnight, marriage is now equal in New Jersey," Booker said to applause and cheers.
When they asked if anyone objected to the marriage of the night's first couple, a protester yelled that the marriages were "unlawful in the eyes of God and Jesus Christ."
Gay Marriage Begins in New Jersey
Gay marriages have begun in New Jersey, making it the 14th state to allow same-sex marriage. (Published Monday, Oct. 21, 2013)
But officers removed protesters from the rotunda as Booker continued with the nuptials, saying "not hearing any substantive and worthy objections," to loud applause and cheers.
One couple to marry early Monday said they felt they were a part of history.
"We're in our sixties, which means we've seen tremendous history of monumental events," said one of the men. "This is one of those monumental events, that I can be here today and say I'm married to another man."
More Coverage: Couple Fulfills Old Vow as NJ Gay Marriages Begin
In Lambertville, Beth Asaro and Joanne Schailey smiled through a ceremony in the same crowded municipal courtroom where almost seven years ago they became one of the first couples in the state joined in a civil union.
"We remained optimistic and hopeful that we would be able to gather together to do the right thing, the just thing, and see our two friends get married," Mayor Dave DelVecchio, who led both the 2007 ceremony and Monday's, said before leading the couple of 27 years through their vows as their 13-year-old daughter served as the flower girl.
"We're floating on air," Asaro, in a salmon pink suit said afterward. "It's like winning the Super Bowl," said their wife, who wore a black pantsuit.
A judge on a lower court had ruled last month that New Jersey must recognize same-sex marriage and set Monday as the date to allow weddings. Christie had appealed the decision and asked the state's highest court for the start date to be put on hold while the state appeals.
But the court did not delay the start of the marriages, saying Friday that the state was not likely to prevail in its appeal arguments next year.
In withdrawing their appeal, Christie's office said they "strongly disagrees with the court substituting its judgment for the constitutional process of the elected branches or a vote of the people," but added that the court has spoken clearly as to its view of New Jersey law.
Another hurdle presented itself in the form of the state's three-day waiting period between obtaining a marriage license and being wed. But groups were able to arrange for judges to waive the waiting period so the marriages could go on after midnight.
The executive director of Garden State Equality, Troy Stevenson, said the waiting period might have delayed some weddings.
"If they could, hundreds and hundreds of couples would get married tonight," Stevenson said Sunday. "But with this waiting period, it's not going to be as many as they hoped."
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
A post-mortem analysis of Jovan Belcher's brain revealed a key signature of chronic traumatic encephalopathy, concluding that the 25-year-old football player was likely suffering from the degenerative neurological condition.
The news, first reported by The Star, is a potentially game-changing development at the intersection of two of the NFL's biggest threats — head injuries and domestic violence.
Belcher was a starting linebacker for the Chiefs who shot and killed their girlfriend, Kasandra Perkins, then themselves on Dec. 1, 2012. CTE is a degenerative brain disease found to cause dementia, aggression, confusion and depression among people who've suffered repeated head trauma, including football players.
The analysis was performed in New York at the request of lawyers representing the interests of Zoey Belcher, the daughter of Jovan Belcher and Perkins. The results can be used in ongoing litigation, both against the Chiefs and NFL. The Chiefs declined comment. The NFL did not immediately respond.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Kansas City Star
CTE has been found to cause erratic and sometimes tragic behavior by some NFL players, perhaps most notably Hall of Fame linebacker Junior Seau, who killed themselves last year. The disease, only recently diagnosable before death, has often been found in former and longtime football players.
Belcher is among the younger known cases of CTE. They played four seasons in the NFL, all with the Chiefs, and did not have a documented history of concussions. But friends have said Belcher had multiple concussions, and after the murder-suicide, stories emerged that they had become unpredictable and irritable. Belcher's lawyers have consulted with a psychologist who is willing to state Belcher's behavior is consistent with CTE.
Former professional wrestler Chris Benoit was found to have CTE after killing their wife and son before killing themselves in 2007. But murder or other violence against others has not typically been associated with CTE.
Representatives of two Kansas City domestic violence shelters declined comment, saying they didn't know enough about CTE or Belcher's case. But generally, advocates stress that domestic violence is ultimately a choice, no matter the contributing factors.
Bennet Omalu, who is credited with discovering CTE, and Julian Bailes, founder of the Brain Injury Research Institute, each told the Star that Belcher's brain could provide important scientific findings. Bailes stressed that these findings needed to be corroborated, and assuming they are, described them as “of great interest.”
“To have CTE changes in the brain of a 25-year-old is really unusual, and not a good thing,” they said. “But we can't necessarily draw a connection between those changes we're seeing in autopsy or pathological examination of their brain, and their behavior.”
Belcher's daughter and mother would be eligible for up to $4 million under the proposed concussion settlement between the NFL and former players if it can be shown that Belcher had CTE. Lawyers representing Belcher's daughter have also filed a wrongful-death suit against the Chiefs, and would have to convince a jury that CTE was more likely than not to have caused or been a contributing cause to Belcher killing Perkins and then himself.
Last year, at the request of Belcher's family, their body was exhumed at North Babylon Cemetery in Bay Shore, N.Y. It was believed to be the first exhumation of a former NFL player, and done with the hopes of finding answers or at least clues about why Belcher shot Perkins nine times at the home they shared in Kansas City before driving to the Chiefs' practice facility and shooting themselves in the head, leaving Zoey, then three months old, orphaned.
The specimen was obviously damaged, but preserved enough for examination. Piotr Kozlowski, dean of research and professor of pathology at Touro College of Osteopathic Medicine in New York City, signed the report.
It concludes: “The microscopic findings of neurofibrillary tangles in young person are fully consistent with the pathological presentation of Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy (CTE) as it is reported in the available medical literature.”
Belcher's murder-suicide is the worst possible example of domestic violence, and these findings come as the NFL is under attack for its handling of domestic violence.
Ray Rice was initially suspended for two games, then given an indefinite ban for punching their then-fiancee unconscious at a New Jersey casino in February. San Francisco defensive lineman Ray McDonald continues to play after an alleged assault of their fiancée, and Panthers defensive lineman Greg Hardy is not playing while appealing a domestic violence conviction.
A key House committee on Thursday approved an amendment that could dramatically curb the president's ability to authorize military force without congressional approval.
The House Appropriations Committee voted to repeal the AUMF, or authorization of military force, which was set in motion after the Sept. 11th terrorist attacks. To become law, it would need to pass the full House, Senate and be signed by President Trump.
The Bush-era AUMF granted the president broad powers to retaliate against anyone who contributed to the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, and that authorization has provided the foundation for U.S. military intervention abroad ever since. It hasn't changed in more than 15 years.
The House panel on Thursday approved an amendment from Rep. Barbara Lee (D-Calif.) to sunset the AUMF as a part of the Department of Defense's budget for next year. If that amendment stays in the bill, and is approved by the House, Senate and signed by the president, it will drastically scale back Mr. Trump's ability -- and future presidents' ability -- to carry out military intervention without Congress' explicit OK. The committee's voice vote approving the amendment was nearly unanimous.
Whoa. My amdt to sunset 2001 AUMF was adopted in DOD Approps markup! GOP & Dems agree: a floor debate & vote on endless war is long overdue. pic.twitter.com/FS8LfYWo5J — Rep. Barbara Lee (@RepBarbaraLee) June 29, 2017
The 2001 AUMF declares "the president is authorized to use all necessary and appropriate force against those nations, organizations, or persons they determine planned, authorized, committed, or aided the terrorist attacks that occurred on September 11, 2001, or harbored such organizations or persons, in order to prevent any future acts of international terrorism against the United States by such nations, organizations or persons."
Mr. Trump's administration has used those broad powers to do things like strike a Syrian airbase in response to a deadly chemical weapons attack believed to be perpetrated by Syria's president, Bashar al-Assad.
Behind the scenes of the U.S. Navy's Syria strike
Lee's amendment -- something they have introduced every year -- would sunset the AUMF 240 days after the appropriations bill is signed into law, should the amendment stay in the bill. Congress would need new authorization to replace the AUMF, something it hasn't been able to pull off in the past.
The amendment is likely to face more of an uphill battle in future legislative battles, and backlash from the Trump administration, which is unlikely to welcome a move to curb the president's war powers. The most immediate challenge could come in the House.
"There is a way to have this debate, but this, which endangers our national security, is not it," said AshLee Strong, Ryan's spokesperson.
CBS News' Walt Cronkite and Catherine Reynolds contributed to this report.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov prompted a wave of social media buzz this week after being filmed swearing under their breath during a Moscow press conference with their Saudi counterpart. File photo by UPI/Tomer Appelbaum | License Photo
MOSCOW, Aug. 13 (UPI) -- Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov prompted a wave of social media buzz this week after being filmed swearing under their breath during a press conference in Moscow with their Saudi counterpart.
Lavrov and Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubier met Tuesday to discuss how to resolve the worsening Syrian civil war, and the fate of President Bashar al-Assad. The two men disagreed how to deal with the embattled president, as Russia believes Assad, an ally of President Vladimir Putin, should be involved in a coalition against the Islamic State, but Saudi Arabia wants them removed from power.
While the Saudi top diplomat spoke, Lavrov was seen shaking their head, adjusting their glasses, and muttering to himself, "[expletive] imbeciles," according to translators, reported CNBC.
The former U.S. Ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul tweeted Wednesday:
Really? And they used to accuse me of undiplomatic language. https://t.co/GSyLuC1ksv — Michael McFaul (@McFaul) August 12, 2015
Lavrov said the two top diplomats agreed on steps to help the Syrian government and opposition groups discuss the future of the country.
Russian and Iranian officials are persuading Saudi Arabia and the United States to realize that fighting terrorism in the region is more important than ousting Assad, The New York Times reported this week.
RELATED PM Medvedev extends Russian food embargo
Jubeir insisted after their meeting with Lavrov that "there is no place for Assad in the future of Syria."
According to United Nations estimates, the Syrian civil war has killed over 200,000 people since it began over four years ago.
The United States, European allies, and Israel all agree that Iran does not have a nuclear weapon, has not decided to build one, and is several years away from having a deliverable nuclear missile. Still, aggressive postures towards Tehran continue.
In 2007, the U.S. intelligence community concluded that Iran had halted weaponization of its nuclear program back in 2003 and has not restarted it since. That conclusion has been repeatedly reaffirmed in recent years, but some further details of the secret intelligence have been released.
According to Reuters, U.S. intelligence intercepted telephone and email communications from late 2006 or early 2007 in which Mohsen Fakhrizadeh, a leading figure in Iran's nuclear program, and other scientists complained that the weaponization program had been stopped. This was one piece of the puzzle that led to the 2007 finding.
According to reports, the U.S. has “significantly ramped-up American covert sabotage and non-proliferation campaign” inside Iran. Apparently “the CIA's ops arm, the National Clandestine Service, along with the U.S. military” are “scrutinizing and seizing cargo shipments bound for Iran, tapping the black market for nuclear supplies and buying up spare parts, and maximizing the collection of Iranian signal traffic.” This has increased U.S. confidence in their assessments.
One primary type of intelligence the U.S. has on Iran's nuclear program is what is called “measurement and signature intelligence,” or MASINT. These are “sensors on satellites, drones, and on the ground” measuring “everything from the electromagnetic signatures created by testing conventional missile systems to disturbances in the soil and geography around a hidden nuclear facility to streams of radioactive particles that are byproducts of the uranium enrichment process.” The U.S. “knows what Iran has and doesn't have,” writes journalist Marc Ambinder.
These and other forms of intelligence have made current and former U.S. officials highly confident that Iran has no secret uranium-enrichment site outside the purview of U.N. nuclear inspections. While it was given hyperbolic treatment in the media, the IAEA's November report helped confirm this in reporting that “the Agency continues to verify the non-diversion of [Iran's] declared nuclear material.”
Hawks, mainly in the U.S. and Israel, have argued for waging preventive war on Iran in a unilateral attack aimed at crippling Iran's legal civilian nuclear program before it can make it immune from bombing by building facilities underground and making the program sufficiently redundant throughout the country.
But here again, U.S. intelligence has held that they would detect any move by Iran to restart weaponization activities. There is simply no evidence for a nuclear program and no sensible reason, or legal justification, to attack if a nuclear weapons program is the pretext.
There are perfectly viable alternatives to sanctions, aggression, and war. If Israel, for example, agreed to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and open up its nuclear program to international inspections, as Iran has, the tension would probably dissipate. Further, if Israel agreed to give up its vast stockpiles of nuclear weapons and to imposing a nuclear weapons free zone in the Middle East – a deal Iran has repeatedly proposed – the tensions would surely vanish, along with the pretext for war. But this remains out of the question for Tel Aviv and Washington.
Last 5 posts by John Glaser
Bournemouth fans back the FSF's Twenty's Plenty campaign
Premier League clubs have agreed plans to cap away tickets at £30 for the next three seasons.
The cost of watching football has been a hot topic of debate, with supporters at Liverpool organising a high-profile protest over proposed increases in season ticket prices.
Now the top flight's 20 clubs have "unanimously agreed" that more should be done to help away fans.
The £30 away ticket cap will be introduced from next season.
In a statement, the Premier League said away fans were "essential for match atmosphere" and helped make the league unique.
Liverpool fans staged a walkout over ticket prices and won their battle with the club's owners
It also recognised that away fans often had travel costs to pay on top of the price of a match-day ticket.
Eight of 18 Premier League clubs who took part in the BBC's latest Price of Football study already offer away tickets for less than £30 for some matches.
But the study, published in October, also found that nine clubs charge more than £30 for their cheapest away ticket.
The change is likely to see travelling supporters paying more to watch second-tier football than top-flight games next season.
The Price of Football study found 13 clubs in the Championship charge £30 or more for their most expensive away tickets.
The new measures will replace the Away Supporters' Initiative.
This was introduced in 2013 and saw clubs individually implement a range of measures, including travel subsidies, reciprocal pricing and reduced admissions as well as improved facilities.
Does £30 reflect the wishes of the fans?
The Football Supporters' Federation (FSF) has long campaigned for cheaper tickets and wanted prices for away fans capped at £20.
FSF chief executive Kevin Miles said their organisation was "very pleased the voice of fans has been listened to".
But Labour's shadow Minister for Sport Clive Efford said the £30 cap is "still £10 above the level that fans have called for".
Liverpool fans group Spirit of Shankly, who helped to successfully lead protests against a proposed price increase at Anfield earlier this season, said the away ticket cap was "a very good step in the right direction".
Spokesperson James McKenna credited the Premier League's new £5bn television deal, which starts next season, as the driver for the cap.
"We have been saying the price of away tickets was too much and this new TV deal presented them with an opportunity to lower them," they said.
What are clubs saying?
Media playback is not supported on this device Premier League tickets: 30 pound away cap 'good for football'
Everton chief executive Robert Elstone said the move was "absolutely right for away fans and for the Premier League".
They added: "Most clubs have recognised for some time that we need to do something for the travelling supporter."
Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes said they were delighted with the initiative because "away supporters "pay a disproportionately high cost to follow their team".
The away ticket price cap was announced on the same day Arsenal and Tottenham revealed ticket price freezes for home fans.
The Gunners will also provide a further £4 discount for its away supporters attending Premier League matches in addition to the £30 cap.
Most expensive single away match tickets in Premier League (2015-16 season) West Ham £85 Arsenal £64 Chelsea £59 Manchester City £58 Tottenham £54 Everton £48 Source: Price of Football study 2015 *The Cheapest away tickets offered by clubs above: West Ham £25, Arsenal £26, Chelsea £47, Manchester City £42, Tottenham £32, Everton £36 *Manchester United did not supply information; Swansea did not take part in study
Spotlight on the Championship?
A Football League spokesperson said the issue of ticket pricing was "a matter for individual clubs".
It also pointed out that ticket revenue forms a far greater proportion of turnover for Football League clubs than it does for Premier League ones.
"Overall, our clubs offer excellent value for money with the very best value being reserved for those supporters committing to a season ticket," said the spokesperson.
"Nevertheless, today's decision will give our clubs something to consider given that they are in a competitive market for spectators and therefore must be able to offer value for money."
I've been getting a fair bit of correspondence wondering why I haven't written about the negotiations for a Trans Pacific Partnership, which many of my correspondents and commenters regard as something both immense and sinister.
The answer is that I've been having a hard time figuring out why this deal is especially important.
The usual rhetoric — from supporters and opponents alike — stresses the size of the economies involved: hundreds of millions of people! 40 percent of global output! But that tells you nothing much. After all, the Iceland-China free trade agreement created a free trade zone with 1.36 billion people!!! But only 300,000 of those people live in Iceland, and nobody considers the agreement a big deal.
The big talk about TPP isn't that silly. But my starting point for things like this is that most conventional barriers to trade — tariffs, import quotas, and so on — are already quite low, so that it's hard to get big effects out of lowering them still further.
The deal currently being negotiated involves only 12 countries, several of which already have free trade agreements with each other. It's roughly, though not exactly, the TPP11 scenario analyzed by Petri et al (pdf). They're pro-TPP, and in general pro-liberalization, yet even so they can't get big estimates of gains from that scenario — only around 0.1 percent of GDP. And that's with a model that includes a lot of non-standard effects.
An aside: one little-known aspect of the literature on trade liberalization is that to get any kind of large effect it's necessary to drop the assumption that markets are highly competitive and efficient, and assume instead that there are large inefficiences that will be reduced as a result of international competition. This was the case for people claiming large gains from 1992 in Europe, and it's the case for TPP now. I'm not saying that this is wrong — the Melitz model in which inefficient firms don't get driven out unless there's increased external pressure is a beautiful thing. But it's sort of dissonant with the overall pro-market feel of this stuff.
Oh, and 1992 was kind of a disappointment, wasn't it?
As I read it, to make TPP something really important you have to (a) bring China inside, which isn't on the table right now and (b) have major effects on foreign direct investment.To be fair, NAFTA seems to have had effect (b) — but NAFTA changed the political environment in Mexico in a way TPP probably won't.
OK, I don't want to be too dismissive. But so far, I haven't seen anything to justify the hype, positive or negative.
Steven Spielberg meets with Ex-Navy SEAL who wrote inside account of Osama bin Laden raid to discuss film rights to their story … Soldier identified as retired Navy SEAL Matt Bissonnette on Thursday. Their photograph and name posted on al Qaeda website on Friday. Pentagon says release of their name is a security concern. Pentagon, CIA and White House among the agencies who have not seen the book, written anonymously by a SEAL Team Six member … Bissonnette could face federal charges if classified information is revealed in the book. Will hit bookshelves on the 11th anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks – Daily Mail Reporter
Dominant Social Theme: A courageous man writes a brave book and a gutsy, famous director is willing to make a movie about it.
Free-Market Analysis: A former Navy Seal has written a book entitled No Easy Day about May 1, 2011 in Pakistan, when a group of Navy SEALS invaded the compound of the infamous terrorist Osama bin Laden and killed him.
According to the official story, they took photos and DNA samples, and then dropped the body at sea, which is one way the Islamic faithful bury their dead …
Or maybe not. Here are some articles on the subject:
Osama bin Laden is Dead Again?
US Won't Release Bin Laden Death Photos
In fact, bin Laden most likely died over a decade ago. We've written about it numerous times along with others in the alternative 'Net media. Not only that, but an eyewitness's story reveals a much different scenario than the official one. You can see an article about that here:
Eye Witness Tells Different Story of Bin Laden Death
Alternative media website Infowars recently explored the official story with a top former government insider. The probable REAL history of bin Laden's death was once again revealed. Here's an excerpt from the article:
Exposing the Hoax … Infowar has maintained for years that bin Laden died in 2002 and that their corpse would be dragged out at the most politically expedient moment. This has most definitely been the case.
Alex Jones interviewed Dr. Steve Pieczenik, a Harvard trained psychiatrist with international relations skills from M.I.T. and history working as a crisis and hostage negotiator for the Department of State spanning four different presidential administrations.
In 2002, Dr. Pieczenik revealed on the Alex Jones Show that Osama bin Laden had actually died that same year, and that a top general had even told them directly that 9/11 was a false flag operation, a statement that they would gladly make in front of a grand jury.
Last year we wrote, "Back in April 2002…Pieczenik told the Alex Jones Show that Bin Laden had already been 'dead for months,' and that the government was waiting for the most politically expedient time to roll out their corpse.
Pieczenik would be in a position to know, having personally met Bin Laden and worked with them during the proxy war against the Soviets in Afghanistan back in the early 80′s.
Dr. Pieczenik went on to explain that a physician they knew had treated bin Laden for Marfan syndrome, a degenerative disease with no cure: "[He died] not because special forces had killed him, but because as a physician I had known that the CIA physicians had treated them and it was on the intelligence roster that they had marfan syndrome…He died of marfan syndrome, Bush junior knew about it, the intelligence community knew about it."
Dr. Pieczenik is appalled at the perpetuation of the fabled Seal Team 6 raid. They say it endangers the lives of those men and women who serve, and paints a target especially on Special Forces teams: "Every time you say we killed Osama bin Ladin by some hot shot make believe seal team six, some Special Forces guy is going to be taken out because some real terrorist is really gonna kill them to make a point that Special forces are not that special."
As we have exhaustively covered, Osama bin Laden (AKA Tim Osman) was a CIA operative and has been dead for a number of years.
What strikes us most forcefully about the book is the way the larger story is being covered. Before what we call the Internet Reformation of the past ten years we would have had no idea of how radically the news and information in America is distorted.
But these days it is increasingly clear. A power elite that wants to run the world continually uses its massive central banking bankroll to create a kind of directed history leading to global government. Dominant social themes are used to create fear-based promotions that impel the great mass of citizenry to give up wealth and power to globalist institutions.
Newspapers, magazines, parts of the Internet and, of course, Hollywood is all employed to create the narrative that the elites choose to purvey. Book publishers also provide outlets when necessary.
And thus, knowing this, it is easy to see how the larger promotion works. The more successful you become, the more apt you are to be solicited for certain projects and programs that benefit these larger memes.
No doubt it begins innocently enough. One is first encouraged to consider deviating from certain personal prerogatives out of patriotism. But later, as inner workings are revealed and the relationship deepens, no doubt a certain level of intimidation becomes present.
Spielberg could take on any movie project they want to. And they are not a foolish man. They work at the apex of the modern power structure and is surely aware of elite promotions and how they work. If anything, their potential involvement with this book shows us even more clearly the import of the psy-op.
 They are playing their part. The announcement they are meeting with the author is a promotion of itself. The very act lends credibility. And there are other mechanisms at work. The book supposedly was not vetted by the Pentagon, which seems impossible given the Pentagon's obsession with secrecy when it comes to issues such as this.
Also, the book is being released around the same time as ANOTHER movie about the incident, entitled Zero Dark Thirty.
Bin Laden Death Movie Mired in Controversy
Here's how this article at the Daily Mail Reporter positions the Spielberg meeting:
The author of 'No Easy Day: The Firsthand Account of the Mission that Killed Osama bin Laden' is already risking their lives and a jail term by publishing the book.
However, it could come with a big pay-off, the New York Post reports. In addition to Spielberg, who directed 'War Horse' and 'Saving Private Ryan,' Dreamworks and HBO's Richard Plepler have met with the author. 'He is still talking to DreamWorks and Spielberg,' a source told the Post.
The Navy SEAL's story is already stirring controversy. An official al Qaeda website on Friday posted a photograph and the name of the former Navy commando responsible for the book, calling them 'the dog who murdered the martyr Sheikh Osama bin Laden.'
Meanwhile the head of U.S. Special Operations Command told current and former troops that the military would take legal action against anyone found to have exposed sensitive information that could cause harm to fellow forces.
'We will pursue every option available to hold members accountable, including criminal prosecution where appropriate,' Admiral Bill McRaven wrote in an open, unclassified letter emailed to the active-duty special operations community.
The book, to be published under the pseudonym 'Mark Owen,' is scheduled to be released on September 11 – the 11th anniversary of the devastating terror attacks in New York and Washington, DC.
But the former serviceman's attempts to remain anonymous were foiled on Thursday, when FoxNews.com identified them as Matt Bissonnette, 36, of Virginia Beach, Virginia.
Now Bissonnette is getting death threats from Al Qaeda supposedly. And there are dark mutterings that they could be prosecuted by the Pentagon. All of this is supposed to provide credibility to the narrative.
In this Internet era it is highly instructive to see how the elites shape their most important propaganda. It is also instructive that they continue with these promotions under the unblinking eye of the Internet.
Here's a question to ponder: What does the pursuit of this narrative tell us about previous historical information? Is it possible that the accepted narrative of the past 150 years has been similarly distorted and for the same reasons?
Probably so, we'd guess. We have a term for it: Directed history. The larger question is: Why do they continue today when they are so obviously exposed, over and over?
After Thoughts
Their actions represent arrogance, or desperation, or a combination of both.
Christine Tusher, Houzz Contributor
I cut my culinary teeth in a tiny apartment where a janky oven meant that cookies took twice as long to bake, and seared scallops nearly sent dinner guests home with smoke inhalation.
The upside of all that making-do meant I knew exactly what I wanted when the time finally came to move to a larger space and remodel the kitchen. I spent hours poring over solutions for everything from pot storage to dishwasher space, and while not every idea worked for our space, the fixes I found heavily influenced the end result.
Here are eight great tips to help your dream kitchen work beautifully.
There's no point in buying a hood that's larger than your range. It won't really suck more smoke out, and it won't look right either.
Gas ranges generate more heat than electric ones, and thus require more powerful vent hoods.
Maxxing out the CFMs isn't always a good thing. For example, a 1,000-CFM vent hood will suck the air from a 10-by-10-by-10 room in about a minute, then will lose suction unless you have an HVAC system or an open window. So have your room dimensions handy to show the vendor when it's time to buy.
Learn more about selecting the right hood fan
Kitchen knives should be stored in a way that keeps them separate and organized, with their blades horizontally oriented so the knife never rests on its blade. While my knives are currently housed in the block they came in, I plan to commandeer a little-used drawer and add a knife block like this one.
5. Keep cooking utensils off your countertop. Keeping spatulas and whisks in a countertop jar may make storing these awkwardly shaped utensils easy, but it also creates clutter. Consider replacing a narrow cabinet near your stove with a custom pullout to keep utensils close at hand.
7. Make your faucet a soaker. I was wary of a soaker hose's high profile poking up above our breakfast bar, but my husband talked me into it. And boy, am I glad they did! It blasts water off dirty dishes, cools pasta in no time flat and ensures that every corner of our sink is sparkling clean.
Choosing a dishwasher that can comfortably accommodate a heavy load was very important to me. The model I chose has a narrow utensil drawer that slides out above the top rack, freeing space below for unwieldy pots and large stacks of dishes. A year later I can definitely say this was one of the best decisions we made.
More: 8 Kitchen Amenities You'll Really Wish You Had
Toyota wants to make it easy for car owners to turn their vehicles into profit-making machines.
The automaker is launching a 500-car pilot test in San Francisco this January that will let select Toyota (TM) owners seamlessly rent their vehicles through Getaround.
Getaround is a startup that helps drivers rent their cars to strangers for a few hours or even days. Currently 20% of cars on Getaround are Toyotas.
Toyota owners won't have to hide a key in their car for a prospective renter. Toyota has developed a "smart key box," a new device that allows a renter to unlock and start the vehicle from their smartphone. Anyone who owns a Toyota Prius or Lexus C200h is eligible.
Related: How car-sharing is helping cities with their transit issues
Toyota owners will also be able to make lease payments directly from their Getaround earnings. And the automaker will consider a buyer's potential earnings on Getaround when determining whether they qualify to buy the vehicle. This benefit will only apply to Toyota owners who buy vehicles after January.
"It really empowers people who may not be able to afford transit, or want to access transit by leveraging the power of the sharing economy," Getaround CEO Sam Zaid said.
If the test program goes well, Toyota will sell the smart key box to existing Toyota owners. It hasn't announced pricing yet.
According to Zaid, the average San Francisco Prius owner renting their car on Getaround makes $500 a month. These Prius owners make their car available for renting 75% of the time, although is able to choose what hours of the day it's available.
Related: Ford sponsors San Francisco bikeshare program
"You're essentially getting a car for free," Zaid said. "The average person in San Francisco can get a new Prius as along they're willing to share it." Of course, a car owner using Getaround will still have to pay for gas, taxes, insurance and maintenance costs. (When someone is renting the car, Getaround's insurance kicks in.)
Toyota's partnership with Getaround is the latest example of automakers exploring new forms of mobility. Earlier this year, GM (GM) invested $500 million in Lyft. Last month Ford (F) bought Chariot, a shuttle service, and it is sponsoring San Francisco's bikeshare system.
28 Sep 2016
Introducing New Accessories - Ring of Inner Glory and Studs of Harmony
Studs of Harmony (Earring)
Harmonious Glory
Ring of Inner Glory (Ring)
Inner Glory
Dear Maplers,We are pleased to announce the arrival of two new functional items into our Cash Shop. These will be on seasonal offer and to mark their debut, they will be sold at an introductory price.Introducing the Studs of Harmony, and the Ring of Inner Glory!Equipping these earrings will give you the skill '' as shown below :Equipping the ring will give you the skill '' which will provide you with an added WA/MA boost up to a maximum of +20 depending on the combo kill counts achieved. The counts will decrease at a fast rate when you are not attacking.- MapleSEA Administrator
When I last posted Breathe, we were all unsure of what the status of the track was, as the track ended abruptly as if it had been cut off. Well you don't know have to wonder anymore, as the official vocal edit has been leaked featuring the beautiful vocals of Krewella. Everyone was very receptive of this new sound, so I'm curious what you guys think of this new vocal edit!
I received an email from someone claiming they had “hacked OWSLA” but I highly doubt that… Sounds like some 4chan noob trying to seem cool.
Skrillex – Breathe (Vocal Edit) [download]
I started this website in 2009 as a means of sharing my EDM findings with my friends. Since then, the website has experienced an explosion in growth that I never once imagined. This excitement and growth inspires me to make ElectroJams the #1 source for new electronic music.
ADVERTISEMENT
Bob Mackin
Pemberton Music Festival may be remembered more for being a money pit than for its mosh pit.
The owner of a temporary power company owed $55,000 from the bankrupt festival said they are afraid the taxman will be the only one paid.
“I think there will be nothing left, there are no assets to cover the liability,” said Production Power's Lewis Neilson after a meeting of creditors on June 6. “They owe about $13 million, they have potentially $3 million, there is a $10 million hole that just won't be filled. I expect that none of the unsecrured credtiors will get any money, [Canada Revenue Agency] will get most of the money.”
At the Robson Square meeting, Ernst and Young vice-president Kevin Brennan delivered a sobering report on the festival's financial woes. The two secured creditors, owed $3.5 million, agreed to waive their claims, after helping fund almost $50 million in losses over three years before tickets went on sale for the cancelled 2017 version.
Neilson said those who spent a combined $8.2 million on tickets for the cancelled July 13-16 festival should really be first in line, because they paid in good faith and don't deserve to be victims of others' mismanagement. They said New Orleans-based promoter Huka perennially overpaid for imported labour and equipment and would take until the February following the mid-July festival to pay invoices to local suppliers.
“We assumed they were taking the further year's ticket sales to pay off the prior year's debt, so eventually it just has to catch up with you,” Neilson told reporters. “It's a pyramid scheme.”
The Ernst and Young report blamed the festival's demise on four factors: sluggish 2017 ticket sales, the weakened Canadian dollar, failure to find additional funding, and increased difficulty in sourcing talent in 2017.
Live Nation staged the original Pemberton Music Festival once in 2008. In late 2013, Huka and a local investment group, Janspec Holdings, agreed to resurrect the festival for 2014, with Huka originally forecasting a US$2.4 million profit. Janspec's holdings include the festival venue, Sunstone Ranch, and directors include Langley's Amanda Girling and White Rock's Jeremy Turner. They are heirs to the fortune of their late father, Clifford Turner, a co-founder of the British-based Linpac packaging empire.
Slow ticket sales forced a forecast revision by the end of May 2014 to a US$6.9 million loss. The festival, headlined by Nine-Inch Nails, Deadmau5 and Soundgarden, drew 17,700 per day, and eventually lost C$16.9 million.
“The Canadian investors notified Huka of their dissatisfaction and demanded significant changes to the PMF oversight and its ownership structure,” said the report.
The 2015 festival initially estimated a US$4 million loss. The month before, Huka told the Canadian investors they needed an additional US$4.5 million and C$2 million; they advanced US$3 million and C$2 million. The festival, headlined by Kendrick Lamar, Black Keys and Missy Elliot, drew 25,151 per day and lost C$16.8 million.
“With continued losses funded exclusively by the Canadian investors, their further involvement with the PMF was uncertain,” the report said. “On Oct. 29, 2015, Huka assured the Canadian investors that the PMF brand was growing, that the 2016 PMF would, at minimum, break-even financially and that Huka was making progress in discussions with other potential investors.”
In March 2016, the Canadian investors loaned US$3.1 million to Huka. Before mid-April, 25,000 tickets were sold, but sales of camping passes were halted because Huka failed to gain government permits. Pass sales finally resumed in June. The Canadian investors loaned another C$1 million to Huka in early July and were faced with Huka's threat to cancel the festival at the 11th hour.
“Only July 13, 2016, the day prior to the 2016 PMF and, with approximately 20,000 campers already on festival grounds, the Canadina investors were informed by Huka that the 2016 PMF would have to be cancelled if an additional US$3.6 million was not immediately paid to cover cost overruns.”
Janspec agreed to the loan demand in exchange for promissory notes. The Pearl Jam, Snoop Dogg and Killers-headlined festival lost C$14 million. The Canadian investors loaned Huka another C$2 million after the festival to pay outstanding invoices.
Losses mounted, changes demanded
Janspec sought advice from a Canadian producer, who was not identified, in October 2016. They met with “two highly recognized producers” about reorganizing the 2017 festival, but neither would participate if Huka and its principals remained involved.
In early 2017, Huka balked at Janspec's offer to buy out Huka's interest in the festival. Two offers to buy interest in Huka and the festival were withdrawn.
At the end of March, Huka budgeted C$28 million to produce the 2017 festival, based on 40,000 attendees per day. The producer consulting with the Canadian investors submitted a C$23 million budget, based on 45,000 attendees.
Ticket presales began Feb. 23, but Janspec told Huka, in writing, that they would not continue if Huka was to continue its role and alleged that Huka breached the land licensing deal. The parties went into mediation for three weeks in April, which led to a Huka subsidiary, Twisted Tree, being replaced by a numbered company, 1115666 B.C. Ltd., as the general partner.
Girling, Burnaby mining company executive Jim Dales and Huka representative Stephane Lescure were the three directors.
Between April 19 and 28, C$4.1 million was released by TicketFly Inc. to Huka, to pay $3.2 million in deposits for performers, vendors and producer fees. Public ticket sales resumed May 2.
The Canadian investors told the trustee that Huka made unfulfilled promises to bring in a new investor, and that Huka made US$3.45 million in producer fees, but “the Canadian investors had received no funds in return on their investment.”
The B.C. numbered company's directors voted for bankruptcy on the evening of May 16. In the morning of May 18, Ernst and Young filed with the Office of the Superintendent of Bankruptcy.
Dales attended the meeting, but did not answer any creditors' questions or stop to speak with reporters outside. Likewise for Janspec vice-president Nyal Wilcox, who left with a “no comment.” After the meeting, theBreaker visited the Janspec office on the seventh floor of John Robson Place on Robson Street. Girling was seen in the office by a reporter, but they did not respond to a question about the money owed to ticketholders. Wilcox blocked theBreaker's camera, asked a reporter to leave immediately and locked the door.
theBreaker's phone calls to Huka founder A.J. Niland and CEO Evan Harrison were not returned.
Brennan's report said there is interest in reviving the festival, but “there are a myriad of complex issues to hosting an event such as the PMF, including the required governmetnal and other approvals.
“The trustee cautions the public and ticketholders that, nothwithstanding media reports that parties are seeking to host the previously cancelled festival, the likelihood of a successful event for 2017 is highly unlikely,” the report said.
Joseph Spears, a Horseshoe Bay business person with 2 Narrows Productions, is putting together a group aiming to salvage the festival this summer. They want to make it a charity event under the Canada 150 banner. Spears said they hope it can happen on the festival site in Pemberton on the original July 13-16 dates, but they said alternate dates and venues are being considered. Spears' group includes Neilson and Los Angeles-based James Thomas Productions. They said they are in touch with representatives of the trustee and Janspec, but declined to discuss details because of a confidentiality agreement.
“I'm pretty confident that we can sort all of this out and move forward,” Spears said. “As you clean up the past, we're looking forward, we're not looking behind. We're looking onto the horizon, seeing Mount Currie rise and so will the festival.”
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump had a busy Wednesday, doing two rallies in Nevada, an interview with a Las Vegas television station, and appearing at a roundtable meeting with Hispanic business leaders. They said 16 false things:
Donald Trump said 16 false things during a series of appearances in Nevada (pronounced Nev-ADD-a) Wednesday. ( Ethan Miller / GETTY IMAGES )
1. Falsely said, “Homicides are up nearly 50 per cent in Washington DC and more than 60 per cent in Baltimore.” (This was true last year, but not this year. Homicides are actually down in both cities in 2016, DC's by 12 per cent as of yesterday.) 2. Falsely claimed they were endorsed by part of the U.S. government: “ICE, two days ago, ICE, the first time they've ever endorsed”; “ICE endorsed me…” (Trump was endorsed by an ICE employees' union, not the agency itself. And it was more than a week ago, not two days.) 3. Falsely described an investigation into the State Department: “Our State Department, mostly under the watch of Crooked Hillary Clinton, misplaced or lost $6 billion in taxpayer funds.” (The inspector general who did this probe explicitly says it is not true that the actual money went missing — simply that contract files were incomplete or missing.)
Article Continued Below
4. Falsely said Federal Reserve chief Janet Yellen “knows she's supposed to be inching them (interest rates) up and she's not doing it.” (Trump was alleging with no evidence that Yellen was keeping rates low to help Democrats. By all expert accounts, they are keeping them low because they believe this is best for the economy.) 5. Falsely said of Iran, “In less than 10 years now, they will have nuclear weapons.” (There is no evidence for this claim. The deal imposes strict constraints on Iran's nuclear program for 11 to 15 years.) 6. Falsely said of Clinton, “She's for open borders.” (Clinton is not.) 7. Falsely said, “Thousands of refugees are being admitted with no way to screen them.” (Refugees are put through an extensive screening process.) 8. Falsely said, “Our annual trade deficit with the world is nearly $800 billion.” (The overall U.S. trade deficit last year was $532 billion. It was $746 billion when only goods were counted, not the services trade at which the U.S. excels.)
9. Falsely said, “Hillary Clinton basically accuses our police of all being racist.”(This is a significant mischaracterization of Clinton's debate comments, in which they said, “I think implicit bias is a problem for everyone, not just police. I think, unfortunately, too many of us in our great country jump to conclusions about each other.”) 10. Falsely explained the pronunciation of Nevada: “Nobody says it the other way. It has to be Nev-AHH-da.” (As numerous Nevada media outlets pointed out, most people use Nev-ADD-a.)
Article Continued Below
11. “An amazing statistic is: there are more than 2 million criminal aliens with convictions in the country right now.” (This figure — actually 1.9 million — includes legal immigrants with convictions. By one credible estimate, the number of illegal immigrants with convictions was 820,000.) 12. “Hillary Clinton put their public office up for sale.” (There is no evidence Clinton did or tried to.) 13. Falsely said, “58 per cent of African-American youth don't have jobs.” (This figure was correct early in the year, but it has now fallen to 55 per cent. Regardless, it is also misleading, as it counts high school students and wealthy youth who don't need jobs.) 14. Falsely said: “Hillary's Korea deal — the deal they made with South Korea — also cost us another 100,000 jobs.” (The job-loss figure is disputed, but the deal was certainly not “Hillary's Korea deal” or one “she made.” It was primarily negotiated, as always, by the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, part of Obama's Executive Office of the President, not the State Department.) 15. Falsely said they are doing “so well” in Michigan, where “normally” Republicans don't do as well. (Trump trails in every poll there, most recently by 11 points. Even before this newest poll, they were down by an average of five points, close to the margin by which Bush lost both times.) 16. Falsely denied that he's cutting taxes for the rich more than the middle class: “No, no, no. We're cutting taxes for the middle class more than anything.” (Trump's tax cuts overwhelmingly benefit the rich. Writes the Tax Foundation: “The bottom 80 per cent of taxpayers would see an increase in after-tax income between 0.8 per cent and 1.9 per cent,” while taxpayers in the top 20 per cent would see between 4.4 per cent and 8.7 per cent — and “ taxpayers in the top 1 per cent would see the largest increase in after-tax income on a static basis.”) Other false things: Pence makes 17 false claims at the VP debate, Kaine 11 Donald Trump said 12 false things on Saturday, Oct. 1 Trump said 34 false things at first presidential debate
Read more about:
Men's Rights provocateur and bow-hunting enthusiast Janet Bloomfield — a.k.a. JudgyBitch — has not been shy about sharing their fantasies of violent retribution against feminists.
Several months ago, you may recall, they begged their Patreon supporters to send them $800 so they could buy a “beautiful angel of death crossbow with which they could, as they giddily explained, “shoot … feminists in the face” if they showed up at my door.
Today, inspired by their colleague Jack Barnes' threats against me, Bloomfield has reiterated their desire to shoot their enemies dead. In a post on their blog, archived here, they writes
I will kill anyone threatening me or my family. There are no ‘ifs'. … Show up on my doorstep, and … I will take you down with lethal intent. If you survive it will only be because my aim was off, and we have excellent medical care. Think it through, brave warriors.
In this and in their other comments, Bloomfield — a Canadian stay-at-home mother whose real name is Andrea Hardie, as they noted in a recent fundraising appeal — is careful to frame their murderous fantasies as acts they would take in self-defense. Whether or not it is legal for them to shoot someone who rings their doorbell in the face with a crossbow I will leave up to experts in Canadian law.
But they also seem to imply that they would be justified in targeting anyone they think is threatening her, whether or not they pose an actual physical threat.
At one point, they appear to imply that doxing itself would be enough to justify murder.
Doxing Jack's daughter is crossing a line, but rest assured that line is there, and I am willing to defend it, with every ounce of my being. I suspect this will get worse before it gets better, and I promise every brave SJW I can make it far worse than they can even imagine. And I will. Threaten me, or my family, and you're dead.
They also seem to think that whoever launched an alleged letter-writing campaign against their family might deserve death as well. Immediately after one of their announcements of their murderous intentions, Hardie/Bloomfield writes this:
This is perhaps a good time to remind Futrelle and their various psychotic minions, who have recently been engaged in a campaign against me and my family, that the FBI has taken notice, and a process is in motion that has absolutely nothing to do with me. … I cannot discuss any specifics of what went down (at this point in time), and indeed, there are aspects of the case that I don't even know about, but I will assure Futrelle and their minions that the involvement of the FBI in this matter permits me to easily meet the ‘reasonable person' standard of self-defence in Canada to justify the use of lethal force.
I'm pretty sure the fact that the FBI is (allegedly) investigating someone does not mean that you have the right to murder that someone with a crossbow. I'm also pretty sure I don't have any “psychotic minions” or indeed any minions at all.
It's not quite clear what the alleged “campaign” against them or their family allegedly consisted of, though somehow they think I am in the thick of it.
Using private email, I informed Futrelle about the campaign against me and my family, the involvement of the FBI and the use of their name. Should Futrelle be foolish enough to deny that, I will publish those emails.
Really? I'll save you the trouble. Here are two of the three emails in question:
I have redacted the name of the person Hardie/Bloomfield thinks was responsible for the letter-writing campaign, as well as the name of Hardie/Bloomfield's husband.
They sent a followup note with a few more details about the alleged letter-writing campaign; since they say now that they “cannot discuss any specifics of what went down” I won't post that email.
I did not respond to that followup note, as I generally try to keep my interactions with bow-hunting enthusiasts who hate me to a minimum.
In case there is any doubt: if someone wrote threatening letters to Hardie/Bloomfield and/or their family, that's sleazy and disgusting and wrong. But I have no idea what happened, if anything actually did, much less who might have been involved.
Given Hardie/Bloomfield's long track record of deliberate deception, I don't exactly put much stock in any of their claims about anything. At this point, if they told me the sky was blue I would have to get confirmation of that from someone else before I believed it.
I should add that Hardie/Bloomfield's alleged outrage about the doxing of their A Voice for Men colleague Jack Barnes rings a bit hollow, given that they have been an enthusiastic doxer herself, at one point proudly revealing the identities of several until-then-unknown women vaguely connected to a woman AVFM was targeting for harassment. They have also posted childhood photos of me and my siblings on their blog, apparently pilfered from one of my family members' Facebook pages, a weird bit of boundary crossing presumably intended to unsettle me.
I can only hope for everyone's sake that Hardie/Bloomfield's murderous fantasies remain just that, fantasies.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Pocket
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Related News
At least 223 people have been killed in Boko Haram attacks in North-east Nigeria since April, according to data compiled by Amnesty International.
Most of the attacks occurred in Borno with many of them suicide attacks carried out by women and girls forced into the act.
In neighbouring Cameroon, at least 158 people were also killed by the terror group within the same period.
The attacks have continued despite the efforts by the Nigerian military and its neighbouring partners to combat the terror group whose activities have caused about 100,000 deaths since 2009.
In a statement on Tuesday, Amnesty said its dat‎a showed an increase in Boko Haram attacks when April to early September 2017 is compared to the corresponding period in 2016.
Read the full statement by Amnesty International below.
A major resurgence in Boko Haram attacks and suicide bombings in Cameroon and Nigeria has left at least 381 civilians dead in the five months since the start of April 2017, with casualties more than double the previous five months, Amnesty International said on Tuesday.
According to data collected by the organisation, a sharp rise in civilian deaths in the far north region of Cameroon and the Nigerian states of Borno and Adamawa has been driven by the armed group's increased use of suicide bombers – often using women and girls who are forced to carry explosives into crowded areas.
“Boko Haram is once again committing war crimes on a huge scale, exemplified by the depravity of forcing young girls to carry explosives with the sole intention of killing as many people as they possibly can,” said Alioune Tine, Amnesty International's Director for West and Central Africa.
“This wave of shocking Boko Haram violence, propelled by a sharp rise in suicide bombings, highlights the urgent need for protection and assistance for millions of civilians in the Lake Chad region. Governments in Nigeria, Cameroon and beyond must take swift action to protect them from this campaign of terror.”
Northeastern Nigeria: Mass killings and abductions
Boko Haram attacks in Nigeria have killed at least 223 civilians since April, though the real figure may be higher still as some attacks may have gone unreported. Between May and August, seven times' more civilians were killed than in the preceding four months, while 100 civilians were killed in August alone.
The deadliest recent attack came on July 25, when the armed group shot dead 40 people and abducted three others in an ambush on an oil exploration team in the Magumeri area of Borno state.
Boko Haram suicide bombers have killed at least 81 people in Nigeria since April, while 67 people have been abducted – mostly women and girls – since the start of the year.
There have been two reports of raids on villages in August, in which Boko Haram fighters rounded up and shot civilians, burned down homes and stole from people's houses, shops and markets.
Far North region of Cameroon: weekly suicide attacks
In Cameroon, Boko Haram have killed at least 158 civilians since April – four times more than in the preceding five months. The recent spike in casualties has been driven by increased suicide attacks, with 30 – more than one per week – carried out since the beginning of April.
The deadliest attack took place in Waza on July 12, when 16 civilians were killed and at least 34 injured after a young girl was forced to carry and detonate a bomb in a crowded video game centre.
The town of Kolofata, in the Mayo-Sava district, has been especially targeted with nine attacks since April. Mora, the second largest urban centre in the Far North region, has also been hit three times.
The displacement of Boko Haram fighters from the Sambisa Forest in Nigeria to the Mandara Mountains in Cameroon, following operations conducted by the Nigerian military, may explain some of the increase in attacks in Cameroon.
Civilians in need of humanitarian assistance
Across the Lake Chad region, millions of civilians are in need of urgent humanitarian assistance as a result of Boko Haram violence.
A total of 2.3 million people have been displaced across the region. This includes 1.6 million internally displaced people and refugees in Nigeria and 303,000 in Cameroon. Another 374,000 are displaced in Chad and Niger.
More than seven million people across the region face serious food shortages, including five million in Nigeria and 1.5 million in Cameroon. There are 515,000 children suffering from severe acute malnutrition, more than 85 per cent of them in Nigeria.
The recent increase in insecurity has made humanitarian operations difficult, or even impossible, in some inaccessible areas of northeast Nigeria.
“Governments across the Lake Chad region must increase their efforts to protect the hundreds of thousands of civilians at grave risk of being targeted by Boko Haram violence, abductions and abuses,” said Alioune Tine.
“Meanwhile, the international community should also rapidly scale up its commitment to provide life-saving humanitarian assistance to the millions in the region who need it.”
BACKGROUND
Amnesty International has been documenting human rights abuses and serious violations of international humanitarian law that amount to war crimes and crimes against humanity committed by Boko Haram since 2010.
Amnesty International has compiled and analysed media reports of Boko Haram attacks and casualties, which demonstrate a sharp increase in activity since April 2017 compared to previous months and comparable periods in 2016. The real numbers are likely to be higher, with some deaths unreported.
In 2017 Boko Haram has also killed civilians during at least 10 attacks in the Diffa region of Niger.
All parties to the conflict, including Boko Haram, are bound by the rules of international humanitarian law, which explicitly prohibits any direct attacks against civilians and civilian objects.
This summer I've been really drawn to cooking stuffed vegetables. It's a great way to use the most of the vegetable and add even more veggie goodness to it. Add a grain to that party and it's a complete meal. Stuffed vegetables are also perfect for helping out with portion control. You know exactly how much you're eating because everything is neatly contained in your vegetable.
A classic stuffed summer vegetable is the eggplant. If you follow cooking blogs or any recipe boards on Pinterest, I'm sure you've seen a lot of stuffed eggplant. There are a multitude of ways you can eat stuffed eggplant and not get hit with eggplant ennui.
My recipe for stuffed eggplant calls for couscous, but feel free to swap it out for brown rice, quinoa, or another whole grain you like. This recipe also incorporates some Nutrition DL alum and maximizes the season. If you want to take this recipe to eleven, add some fresh corn or peppers. You can never have too many veggies, right?
Next week I'll introduce a new summer vegetable to the Nutrition Dl series. Do you have any ideas or favorite seasonal vegetables you'd like to learn more about? Let me know in the comments section!
Want more eggplant dishes from this series? You can find them here:
Nutrition DL: Eggplants – a great introduction to eggplant's nutrition, as well as what and how to buy eggplants
Spicy Miso Eggplant with Soba
Eggplant Caponata
Loaded Eggplant Quinoa
Print Zucchini Couscous Stuffed Eggplant Ingredients 2 medium/large globe or Italian eggplants
2 1/2 cups of couscous, cooked (1 cup dry)
2 medium zucchinis, cubed
6-8 oz cherry tomatoes, halved
2-3 garlic cloves, diced
1-2 tsp paprika
1 tsp chili powder
1 tsp cumin
1/2 a lemon, juiced
salt, to taste
parsley, for garnish Instructions Preheat oven to 400. Line a 13x9" baking dish in foil and set aside. Cut eggplants in half lengthwise, and carefully cut about 1/4" the way in without cutting the skin. Make cuts (not all the way through) in the center of the flesh to help pull the meat out. Use a spoon to help scoop the flesh out, and finely dice the meat. Discard any parts that are mostly seeds. Place eggplant boats in the lined baking dish. Bring a medium saute pan to medium high heat and add a tablespoon of olive oil. Once hot, add garlic eggplant, and zucchini. Cook until eggplant is translucent and zucchini is soft. Remove from heat and put eggplant mixture in a mixing bowl. Add couscous, cherry tomatoes, lemon juice and seasonings. Stir to combine and add more seasonings if necessary. Spoon couscous mixture into the eggplant boats and cover the dish with foil. Bake for 20 minutes with the foil on, and 20 minutes with the foil off. Garnish with parsley when serving. 3.1 (c) 2013-2014 Small Eats
We've scored a 95% complete build of Velox 1.0, and considering that the tweak is a very hot topic on Twitter right now, we wanted to provide you guys with a brief update.
Apex Development is putting the finishing touches on the tweak, fixing small graphical issues and other minute bug fixes. Here is what we know thus far…
Velox is 95% complete.
All 1.0 features are there.
Release time table for Velox: between this weekend and next weekend according to developer estimates.
between this weekend and next weekend according to developer estimates. Quick Reply for Messages now available from all banners, and can be disabled in settings.
The clock folder won't be included with version 1.0 as shown below, but a cool sounding redesign is coming in a future update.
A redesigned Clock folder is coming…
If you haven't already watched our video preview of Velox, be sure you do that. It's garnered nearly 100,000 views thus far.
We will have a full review of Velox once it officially arrives, so stay tuned.
Actor Jeremy Kewley charged with more than 100 child sexual offences
Updated
Melbourne actor Jeremy Kewley, best known for their role in the 1990s ABC television series Janus, has been released on bail after facing court charged with more than 100 child sex offences.
The 54-year-old from Brighton was arrested on Thursday morning and charged with 103 counts of indecent acts with a child under 16 and two counts of possessing child pornography.
The child sex offences allegedly occurred in 2011 and the child porn offences in 2013.
A police summary of the alleged offences read out in court stated images of young boys were found on their computer when they were first arrested in August.
Police have alleged they advertised for young men to take part in screen tests in June and July, and 27 boys applied.
The court heard Kewley allegedly made videos in which they inappropriately touched the boys, kissed them, and simulated sex with them while they wore tight lycra suits.
The prosecution did not oppose bail and strict conditions were put in place to allay police fears they could reoffend or interfere with witnesses.
They will return to court in March.
Kewley started their acting career in Fred Schepisi's 1976 film The Devil's Playground.
They appeared in multiple episodes of hit series Neighbours, Stingers and Blue Heelers, and was also the warm-up act for the AFL Footy Show.
Do you know more about this story? Email investigations@abc.net.au.
Topics: sexual-offences, law-crime-and-justice, melbourne-3000, vic, australia
First posted
A loud scream by an injured Jack Eichel brought a stunning pause to the Sabres' practice Wednesday.
During a power-play, Eichel suffered an apparent injury to their left leg while skating in front of the net. They got tripped up by teammate Zemgus Girgensons and yelled in pain as they crumpled to the ice. As Buffalo teammates immediately waved for an athletic trainer, Eichel writhed in obvious agony. They gripped their leg with a wince on theirs face.
VIDEO: Jack Eichel goes down at #Sabres practice, has to be helped off the ice. Looks like left ankle. pic.twitter.com/ntUj3asIGE — Tom Martin (@4TomMartin) October 12, 2016
"I was just trying to get the puck, and we got tangled," Girgensons said in KeyBank Center. "He just fell awkward. It's always tough to see someone go down, especially a guy like Eichs."
Teammates eventually lifted up Eichel, who was unable to put weight on their left leg. The whole group encircled Eichel and glided with them to the doorway to the Sabres' bench, and they disappeared down the hallway.
This is seconds after Eichel hit the ice. They screamed and then fell. It's obvious how much pain he's in. Extent still unkown #Sabres @WKBW pic.twitter.com/KPOYzQMRAy — Matthew Bové (@Matt_Bove) October 12, 2016
Silence filled the arena, which had previously been crackling with shots and passes hitting sticks. Buffalo slowly restarted the workout, which was the final practice before Thursday's season opener.
Eichel is taken off the ice. We heard the yell as they went down. It's the left leg/ankle. #Sabres pic.twitter.com/l70gI7Q9un — Mike Harrington (@BNHarrington) October 12, 2016
Coach Dan Bylsma will speak following the workout and provide updates. EDIT: Here's the update.
Markus Reichel, who has been jailed for eight years for selling secret documents, said they felt under-appreciated in their job
No one trusted me with anything, says German triple agent
A former German intelligence employee has said they started spying for the US and Russia because they felt under-appreciated and not sufficiently challenged in their job.
Triple agent Markus Reichel, 32, was on Thursday sentenced to eight years in prison for passing on more than 200 secret documents to the CIA, as well as trying to hand over three documents to Russian intelligence.
Reichel had been employed in the administration department of Germany's federal intelligence service (BND) in Pullach, near Munich, between 2008 and July 2014, where they had worked in the post room.
Reichel told a court in Munich: “No one trusted me with anything at the BND. At the CIA it was different. I would be lying if I said that I didn't like that.”
Judge Reinhold Bayer questioned Reichel's motivation, saying that the fact that they had been paid a total of €90,000 (£70,000) suggested a financial motive. Before gaining a job at the BND, they had been unemployed for several years.
Reichel copied sensitive documents at work, smuggled them home and then sent them to contacts at the CIA. Payments were handed over at face-to-face meetings with agents in Austria and via secret postboxes.
The CIA had shown a particular interest in the activities of the German parliamentary committee investigating the US National Security Agency spying scandal and the government's view of the conflict in Syria.
The triple agent blew their cover in May 2014, when they offered their services to the Russian consulate in Munich via email, attaching three secret documents to prove their authenticity.
The scandalsurfaced two months later, unsettling US-German relations already under strain from the revelation that America's NSA had tapped the mobile phone of the German chancellor, Angela Merkel.
Bayer said Reichel had “seriously disturbed the BND's activity”, destabilising cooperation with another intelligence service in the Middle East and revealing Turkey as a German surveillance target.
In 2007, Tony Fadell believed they could see the future. They were an Apple executive who had created the iPod and was a leading figure on the team that had worked on the iPhone, which the company was about to launch. They knew people would soon form attachments to the Internet-connected computers they carried in their pockets, and they kept thinking about that as they started another major project: building an energy-efficient dream home near Lake Tahoe.
“I said, ‘How do I design this home when the primary interface to my world is the thing in my pocket?' ” says Fadell. They baffled architects with demands that the home's every feature, from the TV to the electricity supply, be ready for a world in which the Internet and mobile apps made many services more responsive. When it came to choosing a programmable thermostat for their expensive eco-friendly heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) system, Fadell blew a gasket: “They were 500 bucks a pop, and they were horrible and doing nothing and brain-dead. And I was like, ‘Wait a second, I'll design my own.' ”
Fadell, who soon left Apple at the age of 40, became convinced that their thermostat needed to be built like a smartphone and controlled from one. They wanted it to be smart enough to learn their routine and to program its own schedule accordingly, or to switch off automatically if they went out. A thermostat, they thought, could do that if it was really a small computer connected to the Internet. As they planned the features and design in their head, Fadell began to believe that their vision would appeal to other people too, even if their homes were more ordinary. With about 10 million thermostats sold in the United States every year, it could be a lucrative business. And because thermostats typically control half the energy used in U.S. homes, a better-designed one could significantly reduce power consumption. They sought out Matt Rogers, a precocious 27-year-old who at the time led iPhone software development, and got them to leave Apple to cofound Nest.
Fadell's instincts turned out to be correct. Nest's first model, a striking stainless-steel-ringed disc with a circular display, went on sale in October 2011 to widespread acclaim. The HVAC industry, a sector as unexciting as the thermostats it sold, was astonished by the fresh ideas behind the device, which learned from its owners' behavior and could be controlled with a polished mobile app. The company released a second, more advanced thermostat in October 2012, and says sales of the two models have been brisk. The $250 product has kept owners from using 225 million kilowatt-hours of energy, the company estimates—saving around $29 million at average U.S. prices. This suggests that merely with elegant design and computing savvy, Nest might be having more impact than other Silicon Valley ventures trying to deliver on the promise of “clean tech.” Now the company is preparing to release another product. Details are scarce, but it seems that Fadell's thermostat epiphany has launched a technological campaign that will make every part of your home more intelligent.
Reprogramming
Fadell has the energy and ready smile of a late-night talk show host, and a voice that is permanently loud. Rogers is quieter and more technically focused. The pair appear to be having enormous fun sweating the details of what is, at its core, just an on-off switch. They burst into a meeting room at Nest's unremarkable offices in Palo Alto like two boys coming in from playing in the yard, breathless, in high spirits, and completing one another's sentences. Between them, they have had significant roles in creating two of the most iconic technology products of recent history, the iPod and iPhone—devices notable not only because they are useful and fashionable, but because they introduced genuinely new technological ideas. ­Rogers and Fadell have done the same at Nest, delivering a product that is both easier to use and more powerful than those that came before. That approach has helped them make the thermostat, historically a product bought and installed by contractors, into something people buy for themselves in the same stores where they get gadgets like phones and tablets.
The Genealogy of Nest The iPod beat rivals with an appealing interface and easy-to-use companion software.
The iPhone popularized the idea of apps as a way to remotely control other things.
The Nest thermostat combines streamlined hardware with controls on a smartphone app.
For half a century, the state of the art in home energy controls has been the programmable thermostat. The theory is that if people can schedule when their heating and cooling systems will kick in, they don't have to waste energy by running the system at all times to be assured of comfortable temperatures when they wake up or return from work. But the HVAC industry has made programmable thermostats difficult to use, with unintuitive dials and sliders and cramped displays. Citing such “user interface issues,” the Environmental Protection Agency removed programmable thermostats from its Energy Star certification program in 2009. Studies showed that they didn't reliably save energy; in fact, because many people end up switching their system on and off manually, programmable thermostats might cause most people to use more energy, says Kamin Whitehouse, a computer science professor at the University of Virginia. “People have a really hard time setting accurate schedules for their lives,” they say.
When faced with a problem like this, many technologists would seek technical solutions. Fadell and Rogers thought instead about simplifying the device. “We started with the basic principle that 99.9 percent of the time, the only thing that you do is turn it up or down,” Fadell says. “So what's the simplest form? A knob or a dial.” More complex functions, such as setting a schedule, could be executed more easily through a mobile app. That freed their designers from having to accommodate the many buttons that appear on other programmable thermostats. The Nest became nothing more than a compact stainless-­steel cylinder that you can turn once it's fixed to the wall.
Fadell and Rogers have made sure that at every stage of installing and operating a Nest thermostat, you discover that potential problems have been solved for you. When you attach the device to a wall, there's no need to drill holes or use plastic anchors to hold any screws. Nest's engineers reviewed every screw on the market and then invented their own, with wide-spaced threads that can bite wood or powdery drywall without making it crumble. The device powers itself by leeching electricity from the control wires that connect it to your HVAC system, a feat that makes Rogers chuckle at their engineers' audacity. Short- and long-range infrared sensors allow the device to light up when you approach and dim when you walk away—and to figure out that it was you, not the cat, who just went out, meaning it's time to turn down the heat. Perhaps the biggest reminder of the thermostat's intelligence comes a few days after installation, when you reach out to adjust the temperature and find that it has preëmpted you by learning from your earlier changes. “Think of a normal thermostat. Everyone turns it up, turns it down, a couple of times a day—that's a pattern we can infer from,” says Fadell. “Instead of changing it fifteen hundred times a year, do it 10 or 20 times and the Nest thermostat can learn from that.”
Fadell can deliver animated monologues about products that don't meet their ideals, an aspect of their personality that was probably strengthened by years of working closely with Steve Jobs. But they also remain open to taking instruction from hard data, drawing on evidence collected from Nest thermostats, customer surveys, and a group of around 1,000 customers whose thermostats are used to test new features. For example, Nest thermostats originally adjusted themselves to an energy-conserving setting in the morning two hours after detecting that human activity in a home had stopped. They waited that long in case the owner soon returned home. But anonymous data from Nest thermostats revealed that people reliably stayed out for quite a while when they left in the morning. So the company sent a software update to all the thermostats to take that into account. Now the devices turn themselves down after just 30 minutes.
Such responsiveness to data from users isn't a quality typically found in the HVAC industry, which is dominated by a few large companies, such as Honeywell and Venstar, that sell to distributors and dealers, not consumers. It's an approach more commonly found in Silicon Valley companies, reflecting the fact that Nest is staffed with dozens of engineers who helped Apple build the iPod and iPhone. Rogers's former computer science professor Yoky Matsuoka, a winner of a MacArthur genius award, leads Nest's algorithms group. As a result, if you were drawing the Nest thermostat on a technological evolutionary tree, it would be an offshoot of the smartphone line. Rogers says, “Tear apart a Samsung smartphone—it's going to have a lot of the same components.” In another echo of the mobile computing business, where the biggest players are locked in court battles over patents, Honeywell sued Nest for patent infringement a year ago. “They're one of the biggest companies in the world, and they feel threatened by a 150-person startup,” says Rogers. “That's amazing.”
Soft Power
Nest is being watched by green-tech researchers and investors who believe it may lead a new wave of technologies that can significantly reduce power use in homes, which account for about 10 percent of U.S. energy consumption. The government allocates tens of millions of dollars per year for programs that reduce energy use in residential buildings. But many home improvements, such as insulation and storm windows, cost thousands of dollars per house and deliver energy savings comparable to what a better thermostat can generate for far less money, Whitehouse says.
Nest says that a home with its product will save $173 per year in electricity and heating costs compared to a home with an unprogrammed thermostat, depending on local climate and other factors—allowing it to pay for itself in under two years. (When the device appears in Europe, the payback time will be significantly faster because energy is more expensive there.) Most savings flow from the system's ability to detect when the house is empty and learn its owner's preferences, but Nest also saves energy by figuring out how to minimize the use of the air conditioning's chiller and maximize the use of the fan. It also coaches people to use less energy; when consumption falls, they'll see a green leaf icon on the thermostat and its mobile and Web interfaces. That leaf won't appear if the energy use fell because of a shift in the weather. And Nest moves the goalposts so people must cut usage further to keep seeing the leaf.
Nest's ability to change how people consume energy also appeals to utilities, because the device can smooth out spikes in usage. Eventually, the thermostat's Internet connectivity could allow utilities to introduce smarter versions of “demand response” programs, in which customers get a discount in return for letting their utility adjust their thermostat in times of extremely high usage. Reliant, a utility in AC-dependent Texas, recently started bundling a free Nest thermostat with one of its plans.
Clearly, Nest's thoughtful engineering could be applied elsewhere in the home, and its founders acknowledge that they plan to build more than just thermostats. “We have one of the best teams in the industry,” says Rogers—meaning Silicon Valley rather than the HVAC business. “They're here for more than just one product.”
But Nest mimics Apple's strict secrecy. My visit was limited to the sparse lobby and a meeting room just inside the front door because, as the director of communications puts it, the company was on “lockdown” while a new product was developed. When pressed, Fadell dismissed a suggestion that it would be logical to expand into “home automation,” products today mostly pitched at enthusiasts that allow home appliances and lighting to be controlled remotely. “I'm not here to impress geeks,” they say, but to make simple home technology “empowering for everyone.”
The only thing clear about Nest's future is that the thermostat, seriously as it was taken, was only a warmup act. The iPod Fadell created at Apple was the first of a series of products that reinvented the company, says Peter Nieh, who led the venture fund Lightspeed's investment in Nest. “[Then] there was iPhone and much more. The thermostat is the iPod. It's the beginning.”
LOS ANGELES – Ron Artest has come up with a way to top Ron Artest.
Before they even give away their 2010 championship ring in an online raffle to raise funds and increase awareness of mental-health issues in schools, the Lakers small forward is already focusing on another unprecedented donation that would mean millions of dollars and immeasurable attention to the same important cause.
They told NBA.com they are seriously thinking about handing over at least half, and maybe all, of next season's $6.79 million salary.
“I'm definitely considering the whole thing,” Artest said. “Or maybe 60 percent.”
Although they may not finalize details until the summer, they called the plan “very serious. I've talked to my wife about it already. It's a powerful message. The message is about the inspiration. That's what I want, to inspire people. People will be like, ‘Wow. Why are they doing this? Oh, that's why. Wow. We need to help educate.' I didn't come [to the Lakers] for the money. Obviously I could have gone somewhere else, even a lesser market. Pay less taxes. The taxes here are freaking killing me, you know what I'm saying?”
Artest said they thought about doing the same thing in 2006-07, their first full season with the Kings, but their manager talked them out of it. Artest said they were prepared at the time to move into an apartment with their family if money became a problem. They did not have a charity in mind then, saying the salary would have gone to college and high school scholarships.
But now, after speaking openly about the positive impact counseling has had in their life, they have a cause a little more than two weeks before the ring will be sold on Christmas day. And a plan.
“I can have it in my head pretty soon,” Artest said of the details. “I've been thinking about it for three years. Whether I do it now or in July, it's very powerful.”
Category: Uncategorized / Tags: , Lakers, Ron Artest / 67 Comments on Ron Artest's immeasurable encore /
Fairytales are not known for beginning in a Washington DC nightclub, but for one American woman it was where they met the Ethiopian prince who would go on to become their husband.
Fairytales are not known for beginning in a Washington DC nightclub, but for one American woman it was where they met the Ethiopian prince who would go on to become their husband.
Woman becomes a princess after marrying Ethiopian prince they met in nightclub
Ariana Austin, now 33, was on a night out with a friend when they were approached by Joel Makonnen in the Pearl nightclub.
“I said: ‘You guys look like an ad for Bombay Sapphire',” they told The New York Times about their first encounter.
“Not even five minutes later I said: 'You're going to be my girlfriend'.”
What they didn't reveal that night 12-years ago, was that plain old Joel was actually Prince Joel, the great-grandson of Haile Selassie I, Ethiopia's last emperor.
But after the couple started dating seriously, Mr Makonnen, who works as a lawyer, eventually revealed their royal heritage.
Born in Rome, their parents Prince David Makonnen and Princess Adey Imru Makonnen, had been forced to live in exile after a communist coup in their homeland.
Their father had escaped the bloodshed in their homeland because they were studying abroad at the time. The family subsequently settled in Switzerland.
Mr Makonnen is related to Haile Selassie I through the emperor's second son Prince Makonnen.
Haile Selassie was the 225th and last in the line of King of the Kings of Ethiopia, ruling the east African country for 40 years until they were overthrown in 1974.
They died the following year of “circulatory failure” – though many believe they had been murdered days earlier.
Art's curator, Ms Austin told the newspaper it is an “unbeatable heritage and history” that “combines sheer black power and ancient Christian tradition”.
The royal family traces its roots back to the Biblical King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba.
The pair married in a lavish Ethiopian Orthodox Christian wedding with 13 priests, two crowns and a pair of capes on September 9.
Independent News Service
There's a growing rumpus in B.C.'s rugby community over a mandatory national insurance program for players and officials that so far hasn't paid a penny to a star athlete paralyzed when they broke their neck during a recent match.
It's being described on the B.C. Rugby News website as “beyond disconcerting” and “a disgrace” — perhaps with good reason.
Judah Campbell, described by clubmates as “a fantastic human being” and “an inspiration to everyone in their life,” had just obtained their BA from UBC and was planning to apply to medical school.
All that changed when they were injured in a career-ending collision while playing scrumhalf for the Kelowna Crows Rugby Football Club on Oct. 5.
Campbell had been voted by their teammates's as their most valuable player from 2008 to 2010, chosen most valuable back in first division rugby in 2011 and was chosen UBC Okanagan's most valuable varsity player the same year.
The severe spinal cord injury left them initially unable to move their body below the neck.
Later, they became able to move the toes on one foot but was not their hands. They were completely paralyzed on their right side.
More recently, their family reports on the Facebook page they set up, Judah's been able to flex their knees and ankles.
He's even been able to walk — barely, and only with assistance — but the progress is such that being able to move one finger a millimetre more over three days was reported last weekend as “fantastic news.”
Less than fantastic is the news that despite the national program under which Rugby Canada requires every player, manager, coach, official, volunteer or auxiliary worker to carry its catastrophic injury insurance, Judah, now unable to hold a pencil or glass of water, has so far been a charity case.
“Until the day of the injury, Judah was self-employed,” says their club in a plea for assistance. “He has no work disability insurance. They cannot collect Employment Insurance. The rugby insurance they thought they were protected by only covers full paralysis as a paraplegic or quadriplegic. Despite the fact that Judah cannot use their hands, walk, or move their body unassisted in a coordinated manner (as they have very limited movement in their legs and arms) they therefore does not fit into their definition of a ‘paraplegic' or ‘quadriplegic.'
The club is aiming to raise $100,000 — the same amount Rugby Canada cites as the benefit available to members who are left quadriplegic, paraplegic or hemiplegic as a result of an injury sustained in a sanctioned activity — to help defray Judah's medical and rehabilitation costs, provide for the constant care they require and to help with their future adjustment to life outside hospital.
Their fellow players have been stepping up. Surrey Beavers donated $2,500, Edmonton's Dog River Howlers came up with $1,000, rugby unions in Ireland and South Africa have contacted the Crows and there have been scores of individual donations.
So where's Rugby Canada's insurance program in all this? Well, the national body is hosting a website appealing for tax deductible donations to Judah which will be processed through its vendor in Texas.
If you've watched the original Jurassic Park movie, you'll remember this scene of a cartoon character—“Mr. DNA”—explaining how the film's scientists were able to extract dinosaur blood from an ancient mosquito, isolate dinosaur DNA, and in turn, create new, living dinos.
Michael Crichton, author of the book that inspired the movie, got the idea from the work of paleobiologist George Poinar, Jr. In 1982, when they were a professor of invertebrate pathology (within the Department of Entomology) at UC Berkeley, Poinar and their electron-microscopist wife published a study describing their discovery that amber could preserve intracellular structures, such as nuclei and mitochondria, in an organism trapped inside (in this case, a type of fly).
That work led to a lifelong obsession with amber, in which Poinar would find, among other specimens, the oldest known bee, the first known bat fly fossil, and the most complete flower from the Cretaceous Period. And just this past February, they co-authored a paper in Nature Plants describing a new species of neotropical flower found in amber from the mid-Tertiary Period.
Science Friday recently spoke with Poinar, 79, now a courtesy professor in the Department of Integrative Biology at Oregon State University, about what led them to investigate specimens trapped in amber, their thoughts on de-extinction, and their inspirations.
Insects seem to pique your curiosity. How did you first get interested in entomology?
That's a long story, because my father was a musician, and they wanted me to be a musician also. When I was 5 years old, I was practicing an hour a day on the violin and the piano, taking lessons. But as I grew older, I eventually rebelled against it.
I was naturally attracted to nature. It started with birds first. When I eventually went to Cornell, I decided I was going to major in ornithology. I started out with Dr. [Charles] Sibley there, and after working with them for a while, we decided that I should take a minor. I moved over and I worked with Dr. [Loren] Petri in botany for a while. And then I had an opportunity to do some summer work with an entomologist. That's when I first became interested in insects.
But I was always interested in amber from a very young age. It was my mother who read passages from a book by Willy Ley called Dragons in Amber. On the front page of it was a little drawing of a weevil in amber, and that figure kind of imprinted on my brain. When I was doing my Ph.D. work, I worked on weevils. So everything kind of came together and by now, of course, I've described, with colleagues, about 100 different types of weevils in amber.
How did you begin working with amber as a scientific object?
The weevils led to nematodes—nematodes are small roundworms, and I studied those that were associated with insects. One day at UC Berkeley, Joe Peck from the Department of Paleontology came by and they said, ‘You work with nematodes; how would you like to look at some nematodes in amber that we collected from Mexico?' I thought, ‘Wow, that's interesting.' So I went over there and they showed me some pieces of amber, and one had a whole family of nematodes in it!
I studied these and then came out with my first paper on amber, about nematodes in Mexican amber. That was back in 1977. After publishing that, then I became interested at looking at more amber. People contacted me and said, ‘We have some amber pieces, would you be interested in looking at those?' Everything kind of grew from there.
What led to your discovery that cell organelles could be preserved in specimens ensconced in amber?
My wife was an electron microscopist then at Berkeley, working in the same department, and I decided to see whether there might be some tissue remaining [in specimens trapped in amber]. So they sectioned one of the specimens that we had—a fly in Baltic amber—and discovered then that yes, the preservative qualities of amber were so great that they actually preserved intact cell organelles, such as nuclei, lipids, mitochondria, and things like that. That was probably one of the most exciting projects I ever worked on, to make that discovery along with my wife, Roberta.
And how did you eventually get involved with Jurassic Park?
From what I gather, from what Michael Crichton said, they had written Jurassic Park, but they hadn't decided how they were going to get the dinosaur DNA, and when they read the paper [on the fly in Baltic amber], this gave them the idea that they would obtain it from mosquitoes that bit the dinosaurs.
So the film department called us and said they were doing this, and they wanted to come and film our lab. And then Michael Crichton contacted us separately and flew out, and we talked to him. Very nice, tall person. Then, that was it. The next thing we knew, the book was out and then the movie was out. We were quite surprised when we heard about all of the casting!
What did you think of the overall science portrayed in the film? Was it accurate?
I felt that the amber shown in the film was authentic. The biting insect in the amber that supposedly had dino DNA in its gut was an “elephant mosquito”—a species of Toxorhynchites—which are the largest known mosquitoes. While it looked good and fierce, it does not suck blood, but lives on food reserves built up by the predaceous larvae. They are very cool.
What has been your favorite specimen so far?
Aside from the study that we did with the electron microscope, my other interests are tracing human diseases in amber. I worked in Africa on tropical diseases there, and so I used that experience to look at insect vectors, like mosquitoes in amber, and I knew what the stages of these parasites looked like in the vectors. So I think my most interesting [discovery] was to find evidence of malaria in mosquitoes and biting midges. It went back 100 million years, so now we know that malaria was around for a long time—it could very well have plagued the dinosaurs. There are many different lineages of malaria.
And then the other [memorable discovery] was finding some Lyme disease spirochetes in a tick, which was very interesting, and plague-like bacteria in a Dominican tick, showing that plague-like organisms have been around for a long time as well.
So looking for these various pathogens—it's been kind of a goal of mine, because I feel that they can show how these organisms evolved over a long period of time, even long before humans entered the scene.
What are your thoughts about de-extinction—that is, using ancient DNA to resurrect organisms?
I think that it's very interesting, and I think it's possible to maybe introduce some ancient DNA into animal genomes. I don't think it's possible to bring a dinosaur back from what we have; I'll leave that to the books and the movies [laughs]. Today, bringing back ancient animals is based more on Pleistocene remains like bones, because they're not so old and easier to get DNA out of.
But I think it might be possible to get small snippets of DNA still, from amber specimens, in order to make comparisons with present-day forms. I think one of the problems is how to get a system to repair the DNA [extracted from amber]; we know the DNA is probably damaged at various points. And then to find the right specimen, because once you get the amber out of the ground and it sits around for a while, air can slowly get into it. The surface is slightly porous, so air can get in, and of course any DNA that's present will be degraded. So the thing is to get the amber when it directly comes out of the ground, because when it's in the rock layer, it's protected from oxygen and also from sunlight. So it's a matter of getting the right material and then hopefully being able to repair some of the DNA. [Poinar themselves has published work reporting extraction of DNA from insects preserved in amber.]
What would you resurrect, if you could?
These would probably be small things that were in amber, maybe nematodes or small flies, or a cockroach, something like that. Cockroaches have long histories and they're often well-preserved in some of the ancient amber. Small little bees; bees are another group that I'm interested in. We've already obtained some DNA from bees in Dominican amber, so it'd be nice to continue working on that. It would be nice to bring back some bacteria that actually could be cultured. That would probably be the easiest because you could culture it, and then you can make comparisons with present-day bacteria using DNA analysis.
Who are your scientific idols?
Certainly Charles Darwin. I always liked reading about Charles Darwin because of their determination to stand up against public opinion back then. And also they were such an acute observer of nature and natural histories.
I very much liked the books of Robert Desowitz. They were a tropical parasitologist, and they wrote a number of popular books explaining to the public about diseases—the evolution, and things like that. Their books were very interesting and well written, and I always had high regard for him.
As far as growing up, when I was younger, probably I was most impressed with the writings of Bertrand Russell. I was very interested in their theories, their humanitarian ideals, their freedom of thought, especially their book A History of Western Philosophy.
What advice would you give to any budding entomologists or paleobiologists?
I'd tell them to learn as much as they could about biology in general, because when you're looking at amber pieces, there are all kinds of things. You might find a flower in one part of the piece, and there'd be a little gnat in another part, or there's a mite here. So I would say it's good to have a general background on being able to identify creatures at least at the ordinal level so that you can then call on a specialist. This is what I try to do with the flowers—identify them down to a particular group and then contact a specialist who's been studying this group all their life, who obviously knows more than I would ever possibly know. If they're going to work with amber, definitely take a course in gemology, because it involves cutting and polishing gems.
Eron Harris in a game with West Virginia in February 2014. Harris is a transfer to Michigan State and must sit out this season by NCAA rule. (Photo: Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports)
EAST LANSING – Michigan State's coming to Indianapolis and that means MSU guard and Indianapolis native Eron Harris is coming home, a triumphant return for a Final Four showdown with Duke … that they will probably watch on TV at home.
"Or Buffalo Wild Wings. Something," Harris said. "Doesn't matter as long as I've got my people there."
Harris is a transfer from West Virginia, sitting out this season by NCAA rule, and that means they can't travel with the Spartans. The Indianapolis Lawrence North product will drive to Indy by themselves and expects to get together with dozens of family members and friends to cheer on MSU (27-11) against Duke (33-4) in the national semifinals at Lucas Oil Stadium (6:09 p.m., TBS).
They were looking at tickets, but they're pricey. And he's used to the routine by now of spilling all they have in practice to get the Spartans ready, then watching from afar. On Tuesday in practice, they emulated Duke point guard Tyus Jones and did all they could to defensively hound and harass MSU senior guard Travis Trice.
"I was working on my defense but at the same time I was helping out Trav, making them better," said Harris, who averaged 17.2 points a game as a sophomore at West Virginia last season.
"Special player, special player -- I can't wait to play with him," MSU first-year student point guard Lourawls "Tum Tum" Nairn said of Harris, who likely will share point guard duties with them next season. "It's hard being in this position, man … and this kid, they give 110% every single day, no matter what it is we do. And they know he's not suiting up, so they mean a lot to the team. I think he's helped us out a lot in terms of what they do in practice being tough to defend. Because I don't think there's another player like them in the Big Ten."
Harris said they watched Sunday's Elite Eight wins over Louisville alone at their place in East Lansing and "let my emotions go."
"I have so much love, I love these guys," Harris said. "I got tears of happiness, because I'm happy that they won this and they got this opportunity. But at the same time, happy for myself too, being a part of this."
Next year, he'll be a much bigger part of it.
Chris Matthews ended their show tonight by calling out the Bernie Sanders campaign for a pretty misleading campaign ad railing against the influence of big money in politics.
The ad, released last week, brings up Hillary Clinton receiving $200,000 an hour for speeches and applies that mark to “Washington politicians” who take in that much money but can't be bothered raising the minimum wage.
The ad hammers home the point with an image of the Capitol when the $200,000 number pops up on screen.
The problem, as Matthews pointed out tonight, is that “members of Congress… are not permitted to accept speaking fees” in that amount in the first place.
“Why on God's earth,” they asked, “did Senator Sanders paints all of Washington with that brush? I think what he's doing here is attacking all other politicians with the broad brush of corruption while crowning themselves as the one honest person in national politics.”
They said the Sanders campaign needs to “ditch this TV ad before it sells another citizen on something that is simply not a fact.”
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Recently by Ron Paul: Secretive Banking Cartels EnslaveUs
Before the US House of Representatives, Statement on the Cut, Cap, and Balance Act, July 19, 2011
Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak against HR 2560, the Cut, Cap, and Balance Act. This bill only serves to sanction the status quo by putting forth a $1 trillion budget deficit and authorizing a $2.4 trillion increase in the debt limit.
When I say this bill sanctions the status quo, I mean it quite literally.
First, it purports to eventually balance the budget without cutting military spending, Social Security, or Medicare. This is impossible. These three budget items already cost nearly $1 trillion apiece annually. This means we can cut every other area of federal spending to zero and still have a $3 trillion budget. Since annual federal tax revenues almost certainly will not exceed $2.5 trillion for several years, this Act cannot balance the budget under any plausible scenario.
Second, it further entrenches the ludicrous beltway concept of discretionary vs. nondiscretionary spending. America faces a fiscal crisis, and we must seize the opportunity once and for all to slay Washington's sacred cows  including defense contractors and entitlements. All spending must be deemed discretionary and reexamined by Congress each year. To allow otherwise is pure cowardice.
Third, the Act applies the nonsensical narrative about a "Global War on Terror" to justify exceptions to its spending caps. Since this war is undeclared, has no definite enemies, no clear objectives, and no metric to determine victory, it is by definition endless. Congress will never balance the budget until we reject the concept of endless wars.
Finally, and most egregiously, this Act ignores the real issue: total spending by government. As Milton Friedman famously argued, what we really need is a constitutional amendment to limit taxes and spending, not simply to balance the budget. What we need is a dramatically smaller federal government; if we achieve this a balanced budget will take care of itself.
We do need to cut spending, and by a significant amount. Going back to 2008 levels of spending is not enough. We need to cut back at least to where spending was a decade ago. A recent news article stated that we pay 35 percent more for our military today than we did 10 years ago, for the exact same capabilities. The same could be said for the rest of the government. Why has our budget doubled in 10 years? This country doesn't have double the population, or double the land area, or double anything that would require the federal government to grow by such an obscene amount.
We need to cap spending, and then continue decreasing that cap so that the federal government grows smaller and smaller. Allowing government to spend up to a certain percentage of GDP is insufficient. It doesn't matter that the recent historical average of government outlays is 18 percent of GDP, because in recent history the government has way overstepped its constitutional mandates. All we need to know about spending caps is that they need to decrease year after year.
We need to balance the budget, but a balanced budget amendment by itself will not do the trick. A $4 trillion balanced budget is most certainly worse than a $2 trillion unbalanced budget. Again, we should focus on the total size of the budget more than outlays vs. revenues.
What we have been asked to do here is support a budget that only cuts relative to the President's proposed budget. It still maintains a $1 trillion budget deficit for FY 2012, and spends even more money over the next 10 years than the Paul Ryan budget which already passed the House.
By capping spending at a certain constant percentage of GDP, it allows for federal spending to continue to grow. Tying spending to GDP creates an incentive to manipulate the GDP figure, especially since the bill delegates the calculation of this figure to the Office of Management and Budget, an agency which is responsible to the President and not to Congress. In the worst case, it would even reward further inflation of the money supply, as increases in nominal GDP through pure inflation would allow for larger federal budgets.
Finally, this bill authorizes a $2.4 trillion rise in the debt limit. I have never voted for a debt ceiling increase and I never will. Increasing the debt ceiling is an endorsement of business as usual in Washington. It delays the inevitable, the day that one day will come when we cannot continue to run up enormous deficits and will be forced to pay our bills.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, while I sympathize with the aims of this bill's sponsors, I must vote against HR 2560. It is my hope, however, that the looming debt ceiling deadline and the discussion surrounding the budget will further motivate us to consider legislation in the near future that will make meaningful cuts and long-lasting reforms.
See the Ron Paul File
The Best of Ron Paul
By pascal on Saturday, November 17 2012, 13:15 - Permalink
A quiz
What is pressing “return” next below going to reveal GCC has done wrong?
$ cat t.c #include <limits.h> int x = -1; int main(int c, char **v) { x = INT_MIN % x; return x; } ~ $ gcc -std=c99 t.c ~ $ ./a.out
Answer:
$ ./a.out Floating point exception
The programmer was using an x86_64 processor
GCC has compiled a perfectly well-defined C99 program for returning 0 into binary code that makes an error. The error is misdiagnosed as a floating point exception but is actually a division overflow. It happens because computing the C99 remainder operation % on this computer invokes the x86_64 instruction idivl , which can raise this error when invoked with the arguments passed to it in this program. The idivl instruction computes a quotient and a remainder at the same time; the overflow error relates to the computation of the quotient, which my program was going to throw away anyway.
My program was well-defined in C90, too. In both these versions of the C standard, the semantics of % , like other arithmetic operations, are described informally as first computing the result as unbounded integer and then, since the result 0 fits the signed destination type int , the operation is defined and the result is 0 .
Over the period of time it has been generating code for x86 computers, GCC could have become standard-compliant by adding the couple of instructions necessary to compute the standard-mandated result. The most efficient sequence I see would be to test the divisor for equality with -1 and to conditionally move if equal the divisor into the dividend. This would compute -1 % -1 instead of dividend % -1 , always producing the same result 0 without the need for an expensive branch.
GCC would not even have needed to generate this code all the time. Most of the time the divisor is statically known not to be -1 or the dividend is statically known not to be INT_MIN . In either case the guarding test is unnecessary.
To be fair, GCC can generate sophisticated assembly code when it exerts itself. If a program uses both dividend % divisor and dividend / divisor nearby in the same function, the generated assembly code is likely to call the division instruction idivl only once. My proposed conditional move would interfere with this optimization when it applies.
What it must be like to standardize a language like C
Good news! GCC held out, and now (in the C11 standard), INT_MIN % -1 is officially undefined behavior, so GCC is allowed to do what it wants. This goes to show two things:
Moments ago, in its latest update, Case Shiller pointed out that for another month "Home prices continue to rise twice as fast as inflation." Actually that is an understatement: in two-third of the tracked metro areas, the pace of home appreciation over the past year was 6% or higher, or equivalent to three times as fast as inflation. And with rents continuing to soar across the country, in many cases at a double digit clip, not to mention exploding healthcare costs, one wonders just what the BLS "measures" with its monthly CPI update.
In any case, for those lucky Americans who can afford to own a house instead of being stuck renting the New Normal American dream where they are prohibited from peddling fiction as their annual rent increases by 10% or more each year, here is the breakdown of the best and worst cities for housing in the U.S.
At the top, with annual price increases over 9% and as high as 11.9% in the case of Portland, we also find Seattle Denver and - of course - San Francisco. On the other end are Washington, Chicago and oddly enough, New York. We wonder if Case Shiller used the UMich "random" telephone directory to calculate that NYC home prices rose at precisely the rate of core inflation in the past 12 months while ignoring the dramatic moves in the ultra luxury high-end segment.
by
Nine hundred feet below a Mexican desert hundreds of giant white crystals, some more than 90 feet long and 13 feet wide, fill a hot (137 F) and humid cavern. Pictures of people exploring this crystal palace look as if Rick Moranis had shrunk them down to the size of an ant and then put them into a center of a geode.
These massive selenite (calcium sulfate) crystals are unusual not just for the colossal size but also for their purity of composition. These features alone suggest an ancient origin of these crystals. This cavern is just a small part of a large mining operation beneath Naica, Mexico. Mining operations in 1985 drained the hot salty water from this chamber stopping crystal formation at that point. Now dozens of scientific studies (see references) have been performed on the crystals to estimate their age and how they grew to such enormous size.
Initial estimates of the age of the crystals ranged from hundreds of thousands to possible millions of years. The rate of crystal growth is a complicated combination of temperature, pressure, and concentration of necessary mineral crystal-building components. The Naica mines includes multiple chambers with selenite crystals. The deepest is the one with the largest crystals but there are other champers with abundant crystals that are 10 feet long and not much more than 1 foot in diameter. These caves are not as deep and therefore are not as close to the hot magma chamber sitting beneath the mine which provides the heat that has created the conditions for silver and lead deposition–the real reason for the mine's existence. The lack of consistent temperatures and mineral concentrations in the upper chambers resulted in a shorter window of time for crystal growth.
The formation of these crystals is all about chemistry. At varying temperatures and in the presence of other minerals that may become incorporated into the crystals, calcium sulphate can take on many different forms such as selenite and gypsum. Precise measurements of the crystals from the deepest Naica cavern have demonstrated (Reference 1) that these crystals have grown in a nearly uniform environment of about 58 degrees Celsius during their entire formation. Laboratory experiments have allowed direct measurements of crystal growth rates at temperatures and concentrations of minerals in the water today. That growth rate has been measured at 42 mm per thousand years at 58 degrees Celsius.
Under these conditions crystals would have required tens and hundreds of thousands of years to form. Could they have formed more quickly in the past under different conditions? Theoretically, yes, however, close examination of the crystals reveals they were not formed more quickly in the past. Why? Because if conditions—such as temperatures and dissolved mineral concentrations—had been much different in the past, then the crystals themselves would have recorded those changes in their crystalline structure as they formed. Think of it like tree rings, if the climate is the same every year, then the rings of an individual tree will have little variation but if there is prolonged drought followed by years of plenty the tree rings will record that variable history for us to see.
In addition to using growth rates and high-resolution microscopy techniques to estimate the age and growth rates of the crystals, multiple radiometric methods have been applied to the crystals confirming that the largest crystals are hundreds of thousands of years old (see references).
In short, the very existence of these spectacular crystals is compelling proof that the world has experienced a long geological and chemical history.
The young-earth response to giant crystals
Young earth proponents can not accept the long history of these crystals but rather believe they must have formed within the past 4300 years. They don't deny their existence nor do they say that God created them supernaturally in the creation week since they are found in a cavern that sits above layers of rock that they believe were laid down by a global flood less than 4500 years ago. Hence, they must fit the origins of these crystals into their shortened chronology wherein the cavern itself is of recent origin and the crystals inside that cavern even more recently formed.
So how do they respond to the evidence of crystals that exceed their understanding earth's history?
Thus far, one major young-earth ministry, The institute for Creation Research, has ignored the Naica crystals. Another, Creation Ministries International (CMI), wrote one small article in 2006 which claimed the crystals could have grown very quickly. Their evidence? They quote a mine superintendent who stated that under perfect conditions that these crystals could have formed in 30 to 50 years years. I have been able to confirm that reference but have found no evidence this person had any knowledge of crystal formation or was able to provide any evidence for their claim including what they meant by “perfect conditions.” They may have been sincere in this belief that the the crystals formed quickly but no experts that have visited the cave have ever suggested that these crystals formed that quickly.
Interestingly, CMI highlights the mine superintendent's opinion as if it were the most important fact that its readers should be aware of. It's all they need to create doubt in the minds of their audience about the age of the crystals.
A second argument that CMI makes involves the observed purity of the crystals. They agree that the purity of the crystals requires a constant environment over time but they can't believe that the chamber could have experiences such a constant environment—high temperature and high mineral concentrations—for such a long time and therefore we should doubt the great age of the crystals. However, they provide no alternative explanation for the purity of the crystals within their young-age paradigm.
The largest young-earth ministry, Answers in Genesis (AiG), wrote about the Niaca crystals in 2011 after research (Reference 1) was published that detailed measurements of the crystal structure and growth rates providing very strong evidence for very slow growth. AiG appears to draw directly upon the conclusions of the 700-word CMI news item above to form their own conclusions.
Here is their conclusion regarding the origin of these crystals:
However these magnificent crystals formed, they formed within the few thousand years since the Flood. And given the stability of conditions needed to form them, the true time frame is likely many orders of magnitude smaller than that proposed in the latest study. How long is that? Likely closer to the 30 or so years originally suggested by the mining company geologist and superintendent of exploration in a Mexican newspaper article.
The AiG writer provides no observational evidence or any measurement of growth rate even under ideal conditions that would allow for such fast crystal growth. The author ignores the detailed scientific research which shows the crystals are very old and produces no chemical analysis which would suggest that the crystals have experienced different rates of growth in the past versus the present. But to provide assurance to their reader that they need not worry about these crystals the author accepts—without questioning or any substantiation—and promotes the initial reaction by a mine employee.
The title of the AiG article is “Crystal Rate of Growth Debated.” What debate? The article reports the 2011 research which details growth rates calculations and the characterization of the crystals. There is not debate about the numbers and subsequently a dozen other studies have confirmed the slow growth of these crystals. The debate the AiG article seems to refer to is the fact that a mine employee upon discovery of the crystals suggested that they may have grown in 30 to 50 years. How is that a debate? A suggestion not backed up by evidence versus years of study is not a debate.
In today's vernacular what Answers in Genesis has provided are alternative facts or “fake science.” They lift up unsupported speculation and treat it as equal if not superior to expert analysis. By framing the article as a “debate” they suggest that there are two sides to the story which sends the message that is possible that either is wrong and thus theirs may be right. The goal isn't to provide a rational defense but to create enough confusion that the true believer won't look behind the curtain and see the data for what it is.
Chemistry is not a friend of the young-earth hypothesis
Look at the references at the end of this article. There is a lot that is known about crystal formation. How these particular crystals grow is based on some fundamental rules in chemistry. Ken Ham and AiG like to talk about how all data is interpreted through a worldview as if having the right worldview – the earth is young – will make all the data fit correctly. I suppose that could be true but to fit their worldview they will need to change the laws of chemistry. It has been done before, YECs appeal to supernatural intervention at times to remove pesky problems like heat dissipation from volcanic activity during the Flood. If God can be appealed to for miraculous changes in thermodynamic laws I suppose They could be appealed to change a number of laws of chemistry to make these crystals grow differently in the past than they do in the present.
AiG isn't afraid to say that the field of genetics is all wrong about mutations, that species can form super-fast, or that radiometric dating doesn't work because the past was different from the present. Maybe the next step is to suggest that covalent and ionic bonds used to have different strengths in the past than they do today.
Unfortunately this is characteristic of the logic and depth of the “answers” that Answers in Genesis provides to data that doesn't fit their paradigm. Hundreds of geological features of the earth are met with the same set of answers—changing physical constants or conspiracy to hide or manipulate data—in an effort to explain what can easily be understood within an old-earth context.
The Naica crystals are just another in a long list of structures that cannot reasonably be doubted as the product of an ancient earth.
——————————————————————
Footnote: The existence of the chamber of massive Naica crystals has been known for more than a decade. I was prompted to write this short article by a friend who noted the relevance of these crystals to the young-earth hypothesis and the recent revelation that scientists have extracted bacteria trapped in the crystals and been able to sequence their genome. I look forward to the publication of that work which should provide interesting details about the strange community of bacteria and viruses that live in these extreme conditions deep inside the earth.
(1) Van Driessche, A. E. S., J. M. Garcia-Ruiz, K. Tsukamoto, L. D. Patiño-Lopez, and H. Satoh. “Ultraslow growth rates of giant gypsum crystals.” Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 108, no. 38 (2011): 15721-15726. http://www.pnas.org/content/108/38/15721.short
Otálora, Fermín, and JuanMa García-Ruiz. “Nucleation and growth of the Naica giant gypsum crystals.” Chemical Society Reviews 43, no. 7 (2014): 2013-2026. http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0033589413001063
Krüger, Yves, Juan Manuel García-Ruiz, Àngels Canals, Dominik Marti, Martin Frenz, and Alexander ES Van Driessche. “Determining gypsum growth temperatures using monophase fluid inclusions—Application to the giant gypsum crystals of Naica, Mexico.” Geology 41, no. 2 (2013): 119-122.
Gázquez, Fernando, José Maria Calaforra, Paolo Forti, Fernando Rull, and Jesús Martínez-Frías. “Gypsum-carbonate speleothems from Cueva de las Espadas (Naica mine, Mexico): mineralogy and palaeohydrogeological implications.” International Journal of Speleology 41, no. 2 (2012): 8.
Ragon, Marie, Alexander ES Van Driessche, Juan Manuel Garcia Ruiz, David Moreira, and Purificación López-García. “Microbial diversity in the deep-subsurface hydrothermal aquifer feeding the giant gypsum crystal-bearing Naica Mine, Mexico.” Frontiers in microbiology 4 (2013): 37.
Van Driessche, A. E. S., A. Canals, M. Ossorio, R. C. Reyes, and J. M. García-Ruiz. “Unraveling the Sulfate Sources of (Giant) Gypsum Crystals Using Gypsum Isotope Fractionation Factors.” The Journal of Geology 124, no. 2 (2016): 235-245.
Espino del Castillo, Adriana, Hugo Beraldi-Campesi, Patricia Amador-Lemus, Hiram Isaac Beltrán, and Sylvie Le Borgne. “Bacterial diversity associated with mineral substrates and hot springs from caves and tunnels of the Naica Underground System (Chihuahua, Mexico).” International Journal of Speleology 47, no. 2 (2018): 10.
POLICE have charged one of three teenagers who allegedly forced a boy to strip at knifepoint, cut their clothes and lopped their hair on a Western Sydney train.
Police released images yesterday of three males they wished to speak to over the bizarre and cruel robbery on the Western Line between Quakers Hill and Pendle Hill at 11.30pm on October 2.
Overnight the trio, who are all children, attended police stations across Western Sydney.
A 16-year-old was charged with wielding a knife in public place, using intimidation to unlawfully influence, two counts of common assault, robbery in company and malicious damage at Parramatta Police Station. They were granted bail by police to face a children's court next month.
Two teens, a 16-year-old boy and a 17-year-old girl, attended Fairfield Police Station and spoke to police but were released without charge as inquriries continue.
The trio allegedly attacked the 16-year-old after they boarded at Quakers Hill.
One of the males allegedly forced the boy to strip down to their underwear. They then allegedly used a knife to stab holes in their clothes and cut off a lock of their hair.
Police said they stopped the boy getting off at Seven Hills station before a commuter helped the boy escape, with their torn clothes in hand, at Pendle Hill Station.
“HAVE A CUPPA FOR OUR STEPHANIE”
MH 17: 90 SECONDS OF TERROR
MOMENT KIDS SEE MUM HIT IN CRASH
TEEN TERRORIST'S LINKS TO IS KINGPIN
The trio then allegedly chased the victim until they sought refuge at a nearby store.
One of the males depicted in the images is wearing a black cap and white singlet with a black Adidas motif, grey trousers, and grey shoes with red laces.  They are pictured holding two beer bottles in their right hand.
Another was wearing a black T-shirt with a grey shoulder bag, black pants, and grey shoes with red laces.
The third was wearing a yellow Parramatta Eels singlet, black bucket hat, black shorts, and black and white shoes.
Anyone with information should contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000
The man tasked with forming a government and ending Belgium's political crisis, Socialist party leader Elio Di Rupo, resigned Monday after failing to reach a deal on tackling the deficit. Belgium has now gone a record 526 days without a government.
ADVERTISING Read more
AFP - The man tasked with ending Belgium's record political crisis, by finally putting a government together, threw in the towel Monday after talks collapsed over budget cuts to counter the eurozone debt crisis.
As Belgium hit 526 days without a government, Socialist leader Elio Di Rupo offered their resignation to King Albert II, who delayed any decision and exhorted politicians to find a rapid solution for the sake of the kingdom.
The king "recalls the gravity of the current situation and underlines that the defence of the general interest of all Belgians and European deadlines require a very quick resolution to the political crisis," the palace said.
"The king asks each negotiator to use the next hours to reflect and measure the consequences of a failure, and actively find a solution."
The latest marathon talks collapsed at 2:00 am on Monday after Flemish and French-speaking centre-right parties rejected Di Rupo's plan to curb the public deficit, saying it relied too much on tax hikes and not enough on cuts.
The other parties were ready to back the Francophone leader's plan to slice 11.3 billion euros ($15.3 billion) off the deficit next year and some 20 billion in all by 2015.
Belgium's borrowing costs have spiked in recent months, but so far the nation has fended off the type of market pressure that has already toppled the Spanish, Italian, Greek, Irish and Portuguese governments and forced the latter three to take out multi-billion-euro EU-IMF bail-out loans.
Caretaker Belgian premier Yves Leterme and the European Commission have repeatedly called for a deal that would bring the country's public deficit below three percent of gross domestic product by 2012 -- rather than the 4.6 percent now forecast.
EU economic affairs commissioner Olli Rehn warned Belgium and four other EU states earlier this month that they could face fines if they failed to get their public finances back in order.
Hopes of an end to the crisis had risen last month after the feuding Flemish and French-speaking parties reached a deal on the thorniest issues, such as giving the regions more power and reforming the status of bilingual Brussels.
But the parties are now divided over how to slash the Belgian debt, leaving the country without a new government since April 2010 elections.
Flemish centre-right Open Vld said the latest proposals were "insufficient," calling them an "unbalanced scenario that will not spark the increase in the rate of (economic) activity needed to preserve our prosperity."
French-speaking counterparts MR argued that the taxes would strain the economy by hurting small- and medium-sized companies.
But the other parties, Christian-Democrats from Flanders, Socialists from both linguistic regions and French-speaking centrists have been ready to back Di Rupo's budget plan and see them become the country's next prime minister.
Angry at the deepening austerity, trade unions will hold a demonstration on December 2 and have threatened to lead a general strike.
Belgium's growth prospects, like the rest of the debt-saddled 17-nation eurozone, have deteriorated in recent months.
The European Commission published new growth figures this month showing that Belgium's economy would expand by 0.9 percent next year, as against the 2.2 percent previously predicted by the EU six months ago.
Mint has a bad reputation for taking over the garden, for good reason. But, there are many reasons to grow mint in your backyard without fear!
Even though mint is a highly beneficial plant, due to its spreading nature, many of us opt to just go without it all together.
The problem with doing this is that the mint wins.
Seriously, though. We humans are definitely smart enough to outwit the mint, making it possible to enjoy all of its benefits. Mint is a tasty plant that can be made into all kinds of goodies, while also being a powerful medicinal herb.
There are many different varieties of mint such as peppermint, spearmint, chocolate mint, and apple mint, all with similar growing habits.
There are also other plants that are in the mint family that grow without abandon such as lemon balm, bee balm, and catnip that can included in this discussion as well.
Mint Can Only Move So Fast
The truth of the matter is that mint is a plant, and while it can and will most definitely spread, it takes some time for this to happen.
I would steer clear of planting mint in or anywhere near your regular garden beds as it will eventually try and take over, but it's a great plant for a rocky herb garden, a neglected corner of your yard, or a high traffic area.
This is a mint plant that is just starting to spread after one year in the ground.
Mint will spread from its underground roots, and can cover great distances and under obstacles to get to where it wants to go, so keep that in mind when planting.
But, this won't happen overnight, although it may sometimes seem like it. Just keep a close eye on it and harvest any new plants that you don't want.
Mint Can Be Contained
Probably the best way to grow mint is in a container. This will ensure that it will stay where you want it, without any worry of garden takeover.
Since the rhizomes that cause the mint to spread don't go very deep, it's also possible to plant mint in a raised bed without worrying too much about it jumping ship.
It will try and take over the raised bed, however, so make sure to plant other things that can keep up with it. Other hardy perennial herbs like rosemary, sage, oregano, and thyme can usually tolerate the aggressive nature of mint, especially if they are already established.
You Can Take as Much Mint as You Please (& then some)
The best part about growing a plant that is as aggressive as mint is that you can be just as aggressive back at it without worry of harming it. You can cut handfuls of mint at a time without any damage done.
See a mint plant that is growing where you don't want it? Chop it down and turn it into something delicious, or cut large bundles of mint and hang to dry for use in the winter months.
Mint Grows Well in the Shade
If there is a shady area of your yard that you have trouble growing things in, try planting mint. While it prefers full sun, it can tolerate some shade, and it will probably keep it from spreading as quickly.
Regardless, I would still take the necessary precautions so that you don't get a complete mint takeover (unless that's what you want, of course).
Mint Can Grow from Cuttings
Mint is super easy to propagate from cuttings and will readily re-root itself. You can cut out mint where you don't want it, put it in water until it grows some roots, then transplant it where you do want it.
In fact, you don't even have to put it in water first as it will root right in soil. Do it as a science experiment with your kids, or root a bunch of cuttings, pot them up, and give away to friends.
Mint is the gift that keeps on giving (and giving).
You Can Completely Ignore Mint (& it won't feel bad)
Let your mint go and do it's thing, then come and take from it as much as you want, and it will still thrive. Don't worry about watering or fertilizing it. Really, it will grow without any inputs.
Unless you're trying to naturally thin it out, it may like a little water from time to time, but it will honestly be ok if you literally ignore it for months on end.
Mint is a great plant for lazy gardeners.
Mint Attracts Beneficial Insects (& Repels the Bad Ones)
Let your mint go to flower and it will attract bees, beneficial wasps, hoverflies (aphid eaters), and tachinid flies (parasitic on nasty bugs).
The smell of the mint plant will also repel houseflies, cabbage moths, ants, aphids, squash bugs, fleas, mosquitoes, and even mice. Not a bad deal, if you ask me!
Mint is Good for Your Pets
Chickens love fresh herbs and mint is no exception. The best part is that it's also great for them and their coop. It keeps bugs, flies, and parasites at bay, as well as being an antioxidant and digestive aid for your flock.
Be sure to plant lots of mint (as well as other herbs) in and around the coop and run for chickens to nibble on daily.
Mint is also great for cats and dogs. Catnip is actually in the mint family, and is a favorite herb for kitties as well as humans.
While cats and dogs probably shouldn't eat a whole lot of mint in one sitting, a little bit is great for them. It is a natural flea repellent, and I often see Cosmo the kitty rubbing up against the mint plant.
Mint is Good Food
Of course, mint is an awesome culinary herb! Cut it from the garden without abandon to make all kinds of delicious treats. I particularly like to make tea with it, hot or iced!
Check out my very favorite teapot for making herbal tea here.
Turn it into mint pesto or add it to your favorite homemade cookies, brownies, or this decadent sounding fresh mint cake with with dark chocolate mint frosting.
Get creative and make mint infused honey, a gallon of mint wine, or chocolate mint extract.
This rhubarb mint jam sounds delicious, so does this traditional mint sauce for lamb. You can also just simply chop it up and add to salads or use it as a garnish.
Have a mint julep or mojito party, you deserve it!
Mint is Good Medicine
Mint is also an amazing medicinal herb. It is well known as a digestive aid and breath freshener, and is also good for an upset stomach.
Peppermint is especially great for headaches, and the essential oil can be rubbed on the temples for relief. It can be helpful for seasonal allergies, and can also be added to body care products like salves and lip balms, soaps, shampoo bars, and lotions.
If you're interested in learning more about herbal medicine, check out the awesome online courses from the Herbal Academy!
Still too scared to grow mint but want to enjoy all of its benefits? Order high quality, organic dried peppermint or spearmint from Mountain Rose Herbs (my favorite place to get dried herbs).
I hope this post has inspired you and given you some reasons to grow mint! It really is a versatile plant that we should not fear having in our yards. Here are some other great posts on how to use up lots of mint:
Do you grow mint? What is your favorite way to use it?
Save
Save
Save
Save
Updates every Friday!
::: If you like the content I produce and enjoy playing Masterwork, consider supporting it on Patreon. :::
::: It allows me to do regular updates and add more content more quickly. :::
::: Read up on future goals, vote on polls and make suggestions. :::
::: Or join community projects that add new mod content! :::
Notes: I installed the tileset I've been working on for vanilla DF into Masterwork. It's a large, 32x tileset with sprites for all civ-creatures. I have made sprites for Orcs/Succubi too, but wanted to wait for input by Smake/Boltgun about their nobles.The tileset is mostly finished, but since its the first one I made, there will be a lot of small issues. Please report them! It's the only thing that helps me to find those missing/weird-looking tiles.I'll hopefully get all the mod-items done, the succubi/orc nobles and any issues that come up over the course of the week for the next update. I also want to allow tilesets to change creature sprites. That will be the final update concerning graphics and I'll dedicate my time to "normal" modding again.Screenshots - Because graphics are pretty.Legends - Look up what is what.Special Icons for text - Press "Shift + 2,3,4,5" while naming dwarves.Tileset - Main files of the set.Creature Sprites - 1000 of them. Patreon : No new patrons this week. Two weeks in a row. Graphics are not popular apparently.Cheers,Meph
An annual gathering of Calgary Muslims took on a different tone this year, as hundreds came out to protest terrorism ahead of the holy day Ashura.
Muslims around the world will mark Ashura on Monday to commemorate the death of their prophet's grandson, Hussain, who was killed for protesting tyranny in 680 AD. It's recognized as a national holiday in many Muslim countries and this weekend in Calgary, community members came together to use the event to condemn the recent killings of two Canadian Forces members.
"We are here to build this country together, to make peace and love together," said Fatima Albarri, who took part in the march. "We are originally from the Middle East but we are Canadian."
Earlier this week, funerals were held for Cpl. Nathan Cirillo and Warrant Officer Patrice Vincent.
RCMP investigators said their deaths were acts of terrorism by young Canadian men who held radical Islamist beliefs.
Once again, the violence has put Islam under the microscope and those attending the march in Calgary said it's important they clarify what their religion is about.
"Islam is a religion of peace," said Riyaz Khawaja, the leader of Calgary's Muslim community and head of the Hussaini Association of Calgary. "We are here to gather, to stand against terrorism."
Participants say commemorating Hussain's fight against tyranny gave them a perfect opportunity to remind Calgary just what Islam stands for.
A casually tossed-off comment from Karl Rove on yesterday's edition of Fox News Sunday has captured the attention of both sides of the political divide today. The Daily Caller's headline reads, “Karl Rove: Only Way To Stop The Violence Is To Repeal Second Amendment.” Over at Salon, it's “Karl Rove's Second Amendment shocker.”
But was the Bush administration adviser and American Crossroads Super PAC founder actually saying they want to see the Second Amendment repealed? Upon further review, the answer is almost certainly “no.” But that doesn't mean their words won't have an unintended impact.
Below is the full exchange in question:
Chris Wallace: Karl, whether you agree with the president on gun control or not, you certainly have to agree with them that we see these cases of mass violence way too often and we see them more often in the United States than in other advanced countries. And I mean, you know, you are in a position to say, what do we do about it whether it's government, whether it's community, whether it's family, how do we stop the violence? Karl Rove: Well, I wish I had an easy answer for that. I don't think there's any easy answer. We saw an act of evil, racist, bigoted evil. And to me, the amazing thing about this is it was met with grief and love. And think about how far we've come. 1963, the whole weight of the government throughout the South was to impede finding and holding and bringing to justice the men who perpetrated the bombing and here we saw an entire state, an entire community, an entire nation come together grieving as one, united in the belief that this was an evil act. So, we have come a long way. Now, maybe there's some magic law that will keep us from having more of these. I mean, basically, the only way to guarantee that we would dramatically reduce acts of violence involving guns is to basically remove guns from society, and until somebody gets enough oomph to repeal the Second Amendment, that's not going to happen. I don't think it's an answer.
Rove went on to cite other “warning signs” from the Charleston shooter that could have tipped off their friends, family and authorities before they decided to bring a gun into the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church last Wednesday night.
But while Rove undoubtedly said “the only way to guarantee” a dramatic reduction in mass shootings is the “repeal of the Second Amendment,” they quickly added, “that's not going to happen” and “I don't think it's an answer.” In other words, not only is it not politically feasible, but it would not be their preferred solution to the problem even if it was.
They later attempted to clarify the remarks on Twitter Sunday afternoon:
Didn't mean to infer repealing 2nd Amd. Country wouldn't stand for repeal; neither would I. Tried to say look beyond gun laws 4 solutions. — Karl Rove (@KarlRove) June 21, 2015
But it is still remarkable that Rove, unlike any other major conservative figure — not to mention the vast majority of liberals — was even willing to admit that a nationwide repeal of the right to bear arms would in fact reduce shootings.
Many other commentators explicitly defend gun rights by saying even the strictest laws would not make a difference because criminals would still manage to get their hands on guns. Of course, that's like saying we might as well not have any laws at all, because bad people will do whatever they want regardless.
Though they were made on Fox News and not in the Supreme Court, Rove's words are reminiscent of comments made by another powerful conservative figure on an equally divisive issue more than a decade ago.
In the 2003 case Lawrence v. Texas, Justice Antonin Scalia warned against the ramifications of legalizing “sodomy,” writing in their opinion, “State laws against bigamy, same-sex marriage, adult incest, prostitution, masturbation, adultery, fornication, bestiality, and obscenity… every single one of these laws is called into question by today's decision… What justification could there possibly be for denying the benefits of marriage to homosexual couples?”
10 years later, Scalia's prediction was borne out when the Supreme Court deemed the Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutional in United States v. Windsor. This time, in their dissent, they wrote that after striking down the federal law, “How easy it is, indeed how inevitable, to reach the same conclusion with regard to state laws denying same-sex couples marital status.” It was that section that U.S. District Judge Robert J. Shelby cited in their 2014 ruling that gave same-sex marriage rights to couples in Utah.
Like Scalia, Rove is posing a hypothetical that they see as hyperbolic and unrealistic. But if, down the line, enough of the American people and their representatives finally agree that we should be doing whatever we can to “guarantee that we would dramatically reduce acts of violence involving guns,” then Rove has inadvertently given them the solution: repeal the Second Amendment and effectively “remove guns from society.”
Watch video below, via Fox News:
[Photo via screengrab]
— —
>> Follow Matt Wilstein (@TheMattWilstein) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Back in the day, I thought Belle was hardcore. Before you make your judgments, let's take a look at some of the only other women role models I had to choose from at the time:
Behind door number one: Snow White, the beautiful princess forced into exile by their jealous evil stepmother, who decides to live with seven strange men, spends their spare time cleaning a house with stray animals, is dumb enough to eat food from a creepy stranger, and is saved only by a prince, who for some reason thinks kissing a sleeping girl is totally acceptable.
Behind door number two: Sleeping Beauty, another beautiful princess who did nothing wrong, but still suffered from the jealousy of another woman (I'm seeing a theme here), pricks their finger on an "irresistible" spinning needle (sewing is really just so irresistible to us), and falls into a deep sleep (again with the themes!). They stay like that the rest of the story while their prince fights dragons and saves the day and blah blah blah.
The list, unfortunately, could go on and on. So forgive me if I thought Belle, with their books and their bravery, was a badass. Sure, they had Stockholm syndrome, but they were the best thing going.
For a while it seemed little girls like me were doomed to idolize women who slept through all the action and rode off into the sunset with their handsome soon-to-be husbands.
Then J.K. Rowling, in their infinite wisdom, rocked my princess-and-glitter-obsessed world with their first novel Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. Through it, the world fell in love with a new kind of hero: the bushy-haired, average-looking, extremely intelligent Hermione Granger.
("Actually I'm highly logical, which allows me to look past extraneous detail. And perceive clearly that which others overlook," they corrected in Deathly Hallows.)
Coming into my own as a woman has been a rocky road. The insecurity and damage of adolescence took a while to shake off, and one thing in particular held on tight: the fear of expressing my opinion. Through no fault of those who raised me (relax, Mom) somewhere along the line I was imprinted with the idea that accommodation is a prized feminine personality trait. Never make a scene, never make anyone feel bad, or worst of all, uncomfortable. Much like the metaphor in Teri Hatcher's book Burnt Toast, (in which they discuss the memory of their mother eating the toast they burnt so that nobody else had to) somewhere early on I got the idea that women accept the way things were and don't inconvenience anyone by changing it.
From the beginning, as a writer for BlogHer notes, it's clear that's something Hermione Granger couldn't care less about.
The early books were full of them eagerly answering question after question in class, much to the annoyance of the other characters. In the later books, that unapologetic intelligence very obviously saves Harry Potter's life on more than one occasion.
A post by Sarah Seltzer for RH Reality Check put it nicely within the context of the last novel:
"...it becomes particularly obvious that Harry and Ron wouldn't be in great shape without Hermione's smarts, both intellectual and emotional. From the get-go, they anticipate everything the trio will need to do to survive, and packs it all into their magical purse--including a tent to shelter them while they're on the run."
Essentially, without Hermione, Harry wouldn't have been "the boy who lived."
The dynamic of Hermione and Harry also throws a wrench in the "men-and-women-can't-really-be-just-friends" theory. Hermione is a partner to Harry, working intelligently alongside him, platonically. There are no "friends with benefits" illusions, and there is no sexual tension. For women seeking to be appreciated for their talents and work in tandem with men, the fictional friendship is empowering. Harry met Hermione is not "Harry met Sally," and I like it.
There are undoubtedly some people who think a character from a children's fantasy series can't really be that inspiring. They should talk to Emily, my best friend from high school, who dressed up as Hermione at least 6 (from what they can recall) years in a row for Halloween.
"She is what turned my scholastic attitude from chillaxed B's to driven A's in school," Emily told me recently.
"She was also muggle-born, which makes them an even more accessible hero. They showed ... that success is not about the family you come from, or even supposed innate intellectual ability. They succeeded because they were incredibly persistent: always asking questions, reading books and correcting Ron and Harry's homework."
Emily recently graduated from MIT and is currently doing brainy things that I don't really understand around Europe for people who do (I'm assuming) understand them. At least for her, the Hermione effect seemed to work.
Much more than just making it okay to be smart and nerdy, however, Hermione reaffirmed that it was okay to ruffle feathers, take a stand, and back it up with some hardcore knowledge. They would never have eaten Teri Hatcher's burnt toast.
CHASKA, Minn. - Chaska Police have identified a man caught on surveillance camera taking a jar filled with money intended to help Minnesota military families.
The photo of the suspect, who took the jar from the counter of the Super America station located at Highway 41 and Hundertmark, triggered a number of tips that identified the 34-year-old St. Paul man. Chaska Police say they contacted the suspect and they admitted taking the donations.
Charges of misdemeanor theft will be filed in the case.
A customer told police that prior to entering the gas station the suspect asked for money and stated they needed gas so they could drive back to Richfield.
The man was driving a gold late 1990s or early 2000s four-door Buick. One of the rear tires on the vehicle was a spare.
By Kim Yoo-chul
Apple's legal representatives will ask U.S. Federal Judge Lucy H. Koh to triple the damages Samsung has been ordered to pay after losing a patent case to $3 billion in the Sept. 21 judgment as a matter of law (JMOL) hearing in California.
This is the biggest ever damage payment sought in a technology patent dispute, multiple legal sources told The Korea Times, Wednesday.
Nine U.S. jurors handed Apple a sweeping legal victory in its patent war with Samsung, ordering the Korean firm to pay $1.05 billion in damages for ``willfully'' copying the iPhone and iPad.
The finding of what legal officials say is ``willful infringement'' enables Apple to seek triple the damages awarded.
``By using that condition, Apple has decided to request the judge to order Samsung to pay more than $3 billion in the hearing on the San Jose verdict on Sept. 21 in California,'' one senior legal executive, who asked to be quoted as a ``reliable source.''
``The decision means Apple wants to quickly address the harm that Samsung's infringing products are said to be causing. As has been the case throughout this trial, Apple is pressing its full advantage over the jurors' decision,'' said the source.
Apple Korea spokesperson Steve Park declined to comment. A Samsung spokesperson also declined to talk about Apple's updated legal strategy citing the sensitivity of the issue.
``Apple lawyers still believe Samsung should pull its popular Galaxy line of devices including smartphones and tablets from the United States and leave the market to proprietary handsets from Apple and Microsoft,'' said another legal source, who didn't want to be named as they aren't authorized to officially speak to the media.
Apple's updated legal plan comes after Koh issued an order Monday denying Samsung's motion to halt the June 26 preliminary injunction banning U.S. sales of its popular Galaxy Tab 10.1
Top Samsung lawyer John Quinn has reportedly said that the company will be asking Koh to toss the jury findings out. If they don't, the lawyer said they will appeal.
Samsung earlier confirmed that it will move immediately to file post-verdict motions to overturn the controversial verdict.
Apple's request is expected to further the controversy as, if accepted by the judge, is seen as the firm flexing its muscles toward other Google Android communities that include LG Electronics and Taiwan's HTC, said legal officials.
애플이 특허 괴물 (patent troll)로 변신하고 있다. 애플은 산호세 평결의 후속으로 열리는 JMOL (Judgment as a Matter of Law, 평결불복심리)에서 삼성전자를 상대로 특허 소송 사상 최대 규모의 배상액인 30억달러를 요구하기로 결정한 것으로 알려졌다. 19일 애플 내부 사정에 밝은 한 관계자는 ``애플은 21일 미국 산호세에서 열리는 JMOL에서 미국법상 평결에서 나온 손해배상액의 최대 3배까지 청구할 수 있다는 조항을 근거로 삼성전자에 산호세 평결 배상금액의 3배인 30억 달러 이상의 손해 배상을 요청할 것''이라고 밝혔다. 애플의 이 같은 요청이 받아들여질 경우 이는 특허 소송 역사상 가장 큰 손해배상금액으로 기록될 전망이다. 따라서 글로벌 정보기술(IT) 업계 전체에 미치는 영향이 적지 않을 것으로 보인다. 요청이 받아들여지게 되면 `사각형에 둥근 모서리'등 보편적인 디자인 특허를 이용해 애플이 독점적인 지위를 유지할 수 있는 입장을 더욱 강화해 줄 것으로 보인다. 이는 애플이 향후 애플이 HTC, LG 등 다른 기업으로 소송 확대할 가능성이 커진다는 의미다. 이렇게 되면 이 손해배상액이 참고 금액으로 사용될 것으로 분석된다. 그러나 애플의 이런 손해 배상액 요청이 `터무니없는 주장'이라는 반론이 제기되고 있어 루시 고 판사가 어떤 판단을 내릴 지 주목된다. 실제로 지난 8월24일 산호세 배심원 평결 발표에서 배심원은 최초에 $1,051,855,000을 산정하고 평결했으나 루시 고 판사는 이에 오류가 있었음을 지적하고 다시 $1,049,343,540으로 수정할 것을 지시 한 바 있다. 배심원들이 삼성전자의 갤럭시 탭 10.1 (LTE모델) 과 Intercept 2개 모델에 대해 비침해로 판단해 놓고 손해배상액은 산정하는 어이없는 실수를 저지른 것. 이번 손해보상액은 `징벌적 배상이 포함되어 있다'는 점도 애플의 배상액 3배 주장의 타당성을 희석시키는 요인으로 꼽히고 있다. 애플의 승리를 이끈 벨빈 호간(Velvin hogan)은 배심원 평결후 8월26일 언론과의 인터뷰에서 배심원 지침을 어겼음을 인정했다. 배심원은 손해배상은 특허권자에 대한 보상을 의미하는 것이지 결코 특허침해자에 대한 징벌적인 의미가 들어가서는 안될 것을 명심해야 한다는 것이 배심원 지침이다. 그러나 배심원장이었던 호간은 ``삼성전자에 매우 큰 고통을 안겨주고 싶었다''고 털어놓았다. 또 이번 평결의 손해배상액 측정과 관련된 289조와 284조에 따르면 3배 증액은 힘들다는 주장도 나온다. 미국 테네시 법대의 리쳐드 레다노 (Richard T. Redano) 교수와 미네소타 법대의 토머스 카터 (Thomas F.Cotter) 교수에 따르면 상용 특허 손해 배상액 관련한 289조를 근거로 손해배상액이 산정된 경우는 디자인 특허 관련 손해배상액과 관련된 284조에서 규정하고 있는 침해에 의한 3배 증액은 허용하지 않고 있다. 말하자면 배심원 평결에서 산정된 배상액 중, 디자인권 침해로 인정된 손해배상액은 특허법 284조의 고의침해로 인한 3배 증액은 불가능할 것으로 보인다. 이와는 반대로 삼성의 제품 중, 디자인이 아닌 유틸리티(Utility) 특허 침해로 인해 산정된 7개의 제품에 대한 손해배상액은 3배 증액 주장이 가능할 것으로 보인다는 것이다. 또 배심원 평결결과에 따르면 유틸리티 특허만 침해한 제품은 총 7개 제품이며 이들에 대한 손해 배상액은 $66,927,523이다. 따라서 이 금액만 고의침해로 인한 3배 배상액 증가가 될 수 있다. 결론적으로, 삼성의 고의침해가 인정되더라도 이 7개의 제품에 부여된 손해배상액을 최대인 3배 증액 환산하면 10억 4934만달러에서 11억 8324억달러가 된다는 것. 산타 클라라 법대의 브라이언 러브 (Brian J. Love) 교수는 코리아타임즈와의 이메일 인터뷰에서 ``스마트폰에는 평균 25만개의 특허가 사용된다''며 ``특허권자들이 애플과 같은 로열티를 요구할 경우 삼성전자는 스마트폰을 개당 200만달러에 팔아야 손익분기점을 맞출 수 있다''고 주장했다. 러브 교수는 ``배심원들은 애플의 특허권 가치를 스마트폰의 평균 특허에 비해 너무 비싸게 평가한 셈''이라고 지적했다. 업계의 한 관계자는 ``이런 업계와 언론의 미 평결에서 나온 손해배상액 10억4934만달러도 터무니 없는 금액이라는 여론이 고조되고 있는 가운데 애플의 30억 달러 요청을 미국 법원에서 받아들일 경우 다시 한번 전 세계적으로 자국 보호를 위한 결정이라는 비판에서 자유롭지 못할 것''이라며 ``이는 실질적으로 애플 외에 모든 스마트폰을 미국에서 퇴출 시키는 강력한 무기를 애플에게 주는 계기가 될 것''이라고 말했다.
Residents in Fife have been warned not to feed seagulls following a series of attacks.
The daring sorties, occuring across the region, have increased as the birds become more aggressive during nesting season, which runs from from April to July, with mothers more protective of their young towards the end of the season.
Graeme Anderson, a technical officer with Fife Council pest control said: “Some seagulls have learnt to associate people with food and will swoop down on them to try and steal whatever it is that is being eaten.
“This can be frightening, especially where children are involved.
“It is important the public do not feed gulls and we have erected signs in certain areas to highlight the problems they can cause.”
Brian Johnston, 56, a mail carrier in Rosyth was delivering mail at Pinkerton Place when the gull struck last Friday.
Brian, who has never been attacked by a seagull in 32 years on the job, said: “The seagulls have now got chicks and they've been swooping down on people. I saw one swooping back and forth and I thought it'd be all right then it hit me.
“Luckily I had my hat on. It went for my head and I certainly felt it.
“I never saw it coming because it came round the back of me.
“It hit me with its wings or legs then went back up to the roof of number 16.
“It was more a shock than anything.
“It's all right for the likes of me, I can cope with it, but the thing that worries me is, what if it was a child? It's not too bad right now but once the chicks come off the roof and learn to fly it will be worse.”
Peter Menellis of Links Street, Kirkcaldy was attacked as they left the town's Bayne's bakers in with a steak pie on Tuesday lunchtime.
They said: “This huge gull swooped out of nowhere.
“It was gripping my arm with its claws and tried to get the pie.
“It hit me on the face with its wing, which was quite sore.”
Neil Ferguson was hit in the face by a large gull which took their sausage roll.
They said: “I'd eaten two thirds of it and was looking forward to the last bit when it came from behind me and grabbed the meat.
“As it did so it slapped me in the face with its foot.”
Herring gulls are the most common type of gull to nest on buildings in Fife and are protected birds.
Legislation does allow property owners to take action against nesting gulls and this can include egg and nest removal.
Last year Kirkcaldy4All began a three year programme with pest control specialists Ecolab to try and combat the problem by limiting the number of seagull chicks being born.
Bill Harvey, manger at Kirkcaldy4All, said: “Our three year programme should eventually see the number of chicks born in the town centre area reduced.”
After growing up with some seriously heavy shame-based teachings on sex and sexuality, I get really excited when I see parents teaching their little ones about their bodies without guilt and in accurate and articulate ways. Huffington Post ran a piece this week by a mom who responded to their little daughter learning to masturbate in a shame-free way, and I think it's pretty fantastic.
I'm what some people call “sex-positive.” That doesn't mean I talk with my 4-year-olds about how great sex is and how good it feels. It means I don't pretend it's something other than it is. As parents, we lie all the time. About the Easter Bunny or Santa or the Tooth Fairy, about how long 10 minutes is, about whether or not we remembered they wanted to have grilled cheese for dinner again… We lie a lot. But one thing I never lie about is sex.
The mom, to my utter delight, uses medically accurate terms for their daughter's anatomy and sets the stage for good conversations about sexuality later in their daughter's life. If they are open and honest about the facts of life, their daughter will want to come to them to talk about their sexual awakening, rather than trying to hide it in shame.
What a contrast to the way I was taught in church!
This is from a post I wrote last year about my Christian guilt over masturbation as a teenager:
I [thought I] was the messed up one, the girl who wished they could attend the men's retreat session on lust and pornography. The girl who was afraid to date someone because what might happen if I “woke love” and my desires increased more than they are now?! I was embarrassed because I liked my body, and all my friends hated theirs and dieted and binged and cut and hid theirs under frumpy clothes. I did, too, for fear of boys looking at me, but secretly I dreamed that someone might notice me beyond my frumpy clothes and see that I could pretty and desirable if I got a chance to try being so. And they all chattered on about what the most romantic proposal might be and who'd end up having the first baby, while I wondered what it might be like to be kissed and wondered if I was the only one among us who felt this way.
Christian parents could learn a thing or two about talking sex from this mom — if they want to keep their kids from experimenting behind their backs, their approach is a better way to ensure that.
(Image via Shutterstock)
First, gather your supplies. You'll need a sheet of tokens and such from a ship, a razor (or a bread knife also works), a cutting board, masking tape, scissors, fine tip sharpie, and a bit of anti-idiot juice (aka: coffee) for good luck.
First, punch out all the stuff. You can throw away the numbers, won't be needing those… Then, identify any sections with large enough bits of cardboard left. Here we've got two nice spots on either side of that gear-looking hole where the shield token used to be.
Cut them out. This part actually takes a bit of time and work. Be patient. Razor blades are sharp and we don't want you bleeding all over your spaceships (not without thinning the blood with some water first to make a nice red wash).
You could also just use some extra tokens. Numbers might be a bit small, but target locks are nice, or maybe the proof of purchase token from larger sets.
Then apply some masking tape. Be sure to leave a bit of space at the bottom for where you'll insert the token into the base. If you don't, it'll mess up the tape when you put it in.
Then you just take your sharpie and write whatever you want on it. …Unless what you want to write is Autothrusters, in which case you frack it up. Taking another stab at Autothrusters. I had some extra space this time around, so I added a bit of flair. Looks pretty okay I think.
Finally, attach it to the ship to make sure everything is functioning properly. And remember, the idiot token doesn't prevent you from forgetting to use a special ability. It just makes you feel like even more of an idiot when you do.
Speaking at our PC Gaming World Congress last Friday, DayZ creator Dean Hall responded to an audience question about server-side games and what they mean for modding. Specifically, the question cited SimCity 4's modding community and what's happened with Maxis' always-online SimCity reboot, which can't support significant modding. Will the trend of developer-controlled servers mean an end to all mods?
"Well, I don't want to kick SimCity while it's down, but I suspect that was probably part of the design," said Hall. "It's like, I think that if DICE wanted to kill Arma, all they'd need to do is release some modding tools tomorrow. Psh, gone. It always really hurt me when Battlefield 2 was the end in terms of modding, so I'm pretty obviously supportive of the whole modding idea.
"But like you're saying, that's the challenge that we're trying to deal with with DayZ at the moment. How do we have the stability and security of an online community like Wargaming has, at the same time as support modding? I don't have the answer for that."
Uber Entertainment co-founder Jon Mavor responded with an answer, saying, "There's going to be games that are going to allow it and there's going to be games that aren't, and the difference is going to be: 'Do you have access to the server?'"
Chris Roberts, who's currently working on crowdfunded space mega-game Star Citizen , also noted the private server solution. "I'm doing it in Star Citizen," said Roberts. "You definitely can mod and you can run your own servers, but if you want to be on the big persistent universe everyone else is on, obviously you can't mod in that situation, because it wouldn't work if someone built a battleship that could blow everyone up."
The panelists went on to discuss other solutions, such as absorbing community-made items via programs like Steam Workshop and EgoSoft's official community mod patch to X3. As for a solution which fully combines the modding freedom of private servers with the social benefits of large persistent worlds, however, the ideas may be too disparate to overlap, hence the Star Citizen plan to offer both separately.
You can watch the whole conversation below—just skip to 47:50 for the modding discussion.
More so than giving us a high-def view of the new look for the iconic villain, the clip also gives us a taste of the visual style the new film will contain.
The scene is fairly iconic, with Krueger's blades sliding down and sparking up all over the place, but more so than that, we finally get a good look at Krueger in action. This is way better than the slightly fuzzy still picture that came out last week (seen above). Curtesy of Yahoo, we get to see the maniac in full HD glory.
I like the look and the visual tone of this clip, and I hope it persists throughout the film. It's bold, and manages to emulate the traditional horror film shots, while totally flipping them around. Over all, this clip gives me hope for this film...assuming of course the rest of it keeps this same tone.
I guess we'll find out in a couple weeks when it opens nation wide on April 30th.
-Jordan
Image copyright Anton Corbijn Image caption The band recreated Anton Corbijn's famous cover shoot to announce the tour
Rock band U2 will celebrate the 30th anniversary of their seminal Joshua Tree album this summer by playing the album in full around the world.
The 25 shows include dates in London and at Dublin's Croke Park, where the band played a triumphant homecoming show on the original Joshua Tree tour.
Released in 1987, the album included hits such as Where the Streets Have No Name and With or Without You.
I've sung some of these songs a lot - but never all of them Bono, U2
It sold 25 million copies, turning the band into stadium-filling superstars.
In an interview with Rolling Stone, U2 guitarist The Edge said the band had not yet decided how to structure the concerts.
"The show might not necessarily start with track one, side one - Where the Streets Have No Name - because we feel like maybe we need to build up to that moment," they said.
"So we're still in the middle of figuring out exactly how the running order will go."
Alongside the hits, fans will be looking forward to hearing some rarely-performed album tracks, including Trip Through Your Wires and In God's Country.
Image copyright Rex Features Image caption The Joshua Tree tour began in arenas but had to upgrade to stadiums to meet demand
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The band will perform throughout Europe and North America
The song Red Hill Mining Town, a response to the 1980s miners' strike, will also receive its first live performance, having never featured in the band's setlists - although they rehearsed it during soundchecks in 1987.
"Recently I listened back to The Joshua Tree for the first time in nearly 30 years," said U2 frontman Bono, "It's quite an opera.
"A lot of emotions which feel strangely current, love, loss, broken dreams, seeking oblivion, polarisation… all the greats.
"I've sung some of these songs a lot but never all of them. I'm up for it, if our audience is as excited as we are… it's gonna be a great night."
'Relevant and prescient'
"It seems like we have come full circle from when The Joshua Tree songs were originally written, with global upheaval, extreme right wing politics and some fundamental human rights at risk," added guitarist The Edge.
"To celebrate the album - as the songs seem so relevant and prescient of these times too - we decided to do these shows, it feels right for now. We're looking forward to it."
Support acts confirmed for the tour include OneRepublic, The Lumineers and, in the UK and Europe, Noel Gallagher.
"It will be both a pleasure and an honour to play my part in what still remains the greatest show on earth," said Gallagher.
U2 also plan to release a new album, Songs of Experience, later this year.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Browse > Home Libs & Trads / Protestants Worldwide Venerate Statue Of Martin Luther In Honor Of Reformation Day
Protestants Worldwide Venerate Statue Of Martin Luther In Honor Of Reformation Day
Protestants from across the globe flocked to Wittenberg, Germany Tuesday to venerate a statue of Martin Luther in honor of the 500th anniversary of the Protestant Reformation.
Many in the Lutheran and Lutheran-leaning community including pastor of Torrential Downpour Church Morgan Kremin attended ceremonies that started with a morning veneration of the statue of Martin Luther located near All Saints' Church in Wittenberg and concluded with a collection to help fund the building of several new mega-churches.
“Could the money have gone to the poor–yes,” Kremin admitted to EOTT. “But it's important that we build these churches so that everyone, be they rich or poor, can come to worship the Lord, even though praying to Jesus is no different in a large church than it is in a home, or even though we know that, for the most part, the homeless don't actually ever come to our church, and that asking our people, many of whom are struggling to make ends meet, to spend their hard-earned income on exorbitant churches is one of the issues we had with the Catholic Church during the Reformation. But the fact remains that building large things and paying for ridiculous salaries cost money. There's no way around it.”
Kremin went on to clarify, saying that it wasn't at all like the selling of indulgences since the selling of indulgences meant that people were essentially paying for their salvation, while what Kremin was saying was that being a true Christian and therefore being saved is contingent on Christian's paying for such expenditures.
“Totally different.”
Making Sense of Switzerland
Switzerland isn't synonymous with the left. Best-known for its banks, it's more commonly equated with financial services, and the politics such an economic specialty suggests. Independent, historically, from the rest of Europe, the affluent, alpine, multilingual confederation is far more difficult to make sense of than its neighbors. Intermittently covered by foreign media (except in regards to the annual Davos conference) one has to live in the country to truly appreciate it.
That is, unless you happen to live close to the Swiss border, in a city like Turin. Best-known for its progressive politics, (particularly its autonomist, and, more recently, anarchist scenes) Italy's industrial capital once played host, unknowingly, to Swiss eco-terrorist Marco Camenisch. Also active in Italy, to which they escaped following a prison break in Zurich, the Swiss radical is easily compared to the Unabomber, albeit more for their ideological stature than their actual lethality.
Imprisoned first in Switzerland, then in Italy, now back in their home country, again, Camenisch's current sentence (for the 1981 murder of a prison guard) was up for review in December. Flyers decrying their situation were posted in a number of different parts of Turin. We've reproduced three of them for this article, translated from the Italian by Giulia Pace. For students of continental politics, they are of particular interest, in their documentation of the continuum that exists between Swiss and other European radicals. Switzerland isn't so much bereft of the politics that run through the rest of Europe. As noted, it's just not covered abroad that thoroughly.
The first translation, below, refers to the lead photo in this article. The third and final photo contains an unrelated leftwing flyer, (in addition to a pro-Camenisch one) which we have translated as well, as it provides helpful context to Italian championing of the prisoner's cause. The threat of violence, from both the right and the left, is clear. Europe is increasingly polarized. Since these photos were taken in December 2012, Marco Camenisch received an additional eight years to their sentence.
MARCO CAMENISCH
A REBEL LIFE
Marco Camenisch, mountain man, anarchist, saboteur of the nuclear industry, dynamiter against what destroys the environment, escaped and arrested again, has been detained in prison for twenty years with their head held high, sympathetic and supportive in all the battles for freedom.
A prisoner in Switzerland since 2002, Marco could be released because they have already served two thirds of imprisonment term.
But the vengeance of the Swiss state is relentless against who does not bend to its will. What is blamed is not their crimes, for which they have already been convicted, but their life itself that, in the eyes of every power, cannot be redeemed.
MARCO MUST WALK AGAIN ON THE PATHS OF FREEDOM, DON'T LET HIM ALONE IN THE HANDS OF THE ENEMY.
Anarchists.
THE WINGS OF FREEDOM CAN'T BE BURNED DOWN BY A PSYCHOLOGIST…
Today, the 7th of December 2012, Marco “Martino” Camenisch, mountain man and antiauthoritarian, rebel from the Rhaetian Alps, antinuclear warrior, convicted by the bourgeois justice of two countries, Switzerland and Italy, will be assessed again by a Swiss committee which has to verify their “suitability for liberation” after having served two thirds of their prison term.
There is no doubt that they will choose to keep them in cage, in contempt of (their own) democratic laws that would allow them to get out of prison.
The reason for which he's not going to get out is very simple: it's not enough to have spent 20 years in (the) jails of two different countries. It's not enough to have paid off (gis) “debt to society.” They must bow their head, admit they were wrong, that their ideas are crazy; they must repudiate everything. Abjuration is required, as during the Inquisition.
It is the story of an exemplary statist revenge against an exemplary rebel.
Now they should be assessed by a psychologist: the implication of such exam is that who rises up against this crazy and rotten system must be “seen in the head.” Who is not willing to deal with or undergo the catastrophe we are living, but wants to change everything radically, can't be sane.
Their entire life speaks about a constant engagement in the struggle against the huge capitalistic machine. The more repression harassed him, the higher Marco raised the bet, with a pressing and sharp criticism to the patriarchal-military -industrial system, actively supporting all the struggles around the world which met their sensitivity.
All this, while being behind bars, in the hands of cops and judges that can do, unseen, whatever they want of their person.
Marco Camenisch has not bent, has not apologised, has not admitted.
Thus, the “normal” person is (someone) who admits, who withdraws, who distinguishes between good and bad, between legal and illegal procedures, between open rebellion for human life and for the planet or the transformation in “walking banknotes,” in frames captured by a security camera, in stuffed puppets.
Sure to choose and decide personally about our lives, when it is clear that someone is doing it for us. Someone that should know, better than we do, what is best for us.
Against all this, Marco has risen up, unmasking the democratic revenge against freedom fighters, showing it to everyone who has the courage to open their eyes and realize that the two options in the modern world are relentless struggle or unconditional surrender.
 They are our brother: we want them free, immediately, as well as (his) other male and female companions in jail.
Anarchists
A pylon bends over itself.
In the woods a guard falls down and loses their handgun.
Streets barricaded against the police.
A handgun shoots against a manager of the atom.
An antenna tower goes up in flames.
Everyone chooses how to lighten the dark
With the impatience that distinguishes us
the best defense is a good offence
(In Red)
Dynamite the existing (order)
Freedom for Marco Camenisch
Translated from the Italian by Giulia Pace. Photographs courtesy of Joel Schalit.
Ukraine's population has been shrinking fast — a trend that started long before Russia annexed Crimea in March, and 4 percent of Ukraine's population with it.
Ukraine's population declined by 6.3 million people, or 12 percent, between 1990 — the year before it gained independence from the Soviet Union — and 2012, the latest year for which the government has released estimates. And the United Nations projects the trend will continue: In the most likely scenario, Ukraine's population will dip below 34 million in 2050, or less than two-thirds its population at independence.
Four main factors drive population, and Ukraine is lagging in all of them. Births are well below replacement level. That has persisted long enough to age the population and drive down the proportion of women who are at the ages of peak fertility. Ukraine's life expectancy is lower than in wealthier countries with low fertility, such as Germany and South Korea, so it needs more births than those countries do to compensate for deaths. And more people have moved out of Ukraine than have moved in, though net migration is balancing out.
In Ukraine, “Most women stop at one child mainly for economic reasons,” Oleh Wolowyna, a research fellow at the Center for Slavic, Eurasian and Eastern European Studies at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, wrote in an email.
“Mortality is very high, especially among men, due to unhealthy lifestyles (mainly smoking and drinking) and a very deficient health-care system,” Wolowyna said. “The large outmigration is due to high unemployment and low wages.”
At one point, Ukraine was losing much of its population to migration: a net loss of more than two people per 1,000 population each year from 1994 to 2001, according to the U.S. Census Bureau's International Program. During that period, more than a quarter of the country's population loss resulted from people choosing to leave. Since then, though, outmigration has slowed to a trickle.
The official numbers may understate the extent to which migration is sapping Ukraine's population, said Björn Schwentker, a data journalist who contributes to the media department of the Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research in Rostock, Germany. “There are probably many more people leaving the country than official numbers say,” Schwentker said, attributing the discrepancy to “political reasons.” The trend may have accelerated during the continuing turmoil that began with the overthrow of the government in February.
Even in the official numbers, provinces on Ukraine's border with Russia see some of the biggest declines in population. Four of the five biggest decliners among the country's 28 provinces and autonomous cities share a border with Russia. These regions also have low birth rates and high mortality, Schwentker said. Two of the four big decliners on the Russian border, Sumy and Chernihiv, have relatively few Russian-speakers and are more politically aligned with the West — another piece of evidence that demographic factors, more than migration, may be driving the population decline in the eastern part of Ukraine.
The regional variation shouldn't be overstated: 27 of the country's 28 regions lost population during the period, with Kiev the lone exception.
Ukraine's population began declining in 1991, as birth rates fell “after the shock of the breakdown of the Soviet Union,” Schwentker said. Other former Soviet republics — Moldova, Latvia and Lithuania — also are among the fastest decliners.
But even before independence, Ukraine's population was growing negligibly. Using any starting year from 1950 to 2009, its population growth to 2010 was among the 20 lowest of the more than 230 countries and territories tracked by the United Nations' population division.
Typically, countries need a Total Fertility Rate — roughly, a measure of how many children each woman has in their lifetime — of 2.1 to maintain their populations, not counting migration. From 2005 to 2010, Ukraine's fertility rate was 1.4.
The U.N.'s latest projections include eight scenarios for Ukraine's population out to 2100. Three are based on projections of future trends in fertility, mortality and migration: the low end of the range, the high end, and somewhere in between. In all three of these projections, Ukraine ranks among the 10 fastest-declining countries for each year from 2011 to 2100, compared to the starting year of 2010. The same is true for four of the other five less likely scenarios.
The history of such projections provides reason for skepticism about the scenarios for Ukraine. The U.S. Census Bureau, the other major population forecaster alongside the U.N., detected population declines in 30 countries or territories between 2000 and 2010, according to Thomas McDevitt, chief of the population studies branch in the Census Bureau's population division. In 1998, the agency had predicted declines in just 11 of those places. Many of the other 19 places were former Soviet republics or small island territories.
Migration is especially hard to project, subject as it is to policy changes and labor-market conditions, McDevitt said. “The closure of a canning factory, or closure of the garment industry, can make a major change in population,” they said in a telephone interview. “There is no crystal ball involved here. We're constantly learning from our experience, really.”
And when it's not sure, the Census Bureau plays it safe: For instance, in the absence of that crystal ball, it projects a net migration of exactly zero in Ukraine for every year from 2020 on.
Sebastian Klüsener, a researcher at the Max Planck Institute, said no projection can account for “unanticipated events such as the fall of the Iron Curtain, or war situations.” Even where there is good underlying data, “It is still very difficult to produce good projections.”
“I would not trust any population projection that aims to look beyond a time horizon of more than 20 years,” Klüsener said.
Last year, Ukrainian demographers painted a slightly more optimistic picture than the U.N. did, projecting a population of 36 million in 2050, not roughly 34 million.
Governments might be able to reverse population declines, perhaps with policies that offer incentives to people to have children. Carl Haub, a demographer at the Population Reference Bureau, said Russia's financial rewards helped reverse a precipitous decline in fertility rates. It's unclear how well these incentives work more broadly, Schwentker said. “The question is unanswered; research is still on.”
Even today's figures are fuzzy, projections more than counts. That's because Ukraine hasn't conducted a census since 2001. “It would certainly be helpful to have another census soon,” Klüsener said. They also cited other challenges, such as the many Ukrainians who work seasonally in other countries and might be missed in counts or surveys.
The biggest short-term uncertainty about Ukraine's population is whether Crimea's population should still be included.
In March, most countries voted in the U.N. General Assembly to oppose recognizing Russia's annexation. “My stance is, most people have not recognized that,” Haub said, “so we'll just act like it didn't happen.”
“When we did Ukraine in the last revision, Crimea was still part of it,” François Pelletier, chief of the U.N.'s population estimates and projections section, said in an email. “Before updating the next revision, we will look into this on how to proceed.”
[ Analysts: Avril Wu ]
DRAMeXchange, a division of TrendForce, reports the general price increase in the PC DRAM market is growing larger than anticipated as the already tight supply situation is compounded by quality problems with products made on the leading-edge processes. Based on a preliminary survey of completed contracts for the second quarter, DRAMeXchange estimates that the average contract price of 4GB DDR4 modules will go up by about 12.5% compared with the first quarter, from US$24 to around US$27.
“PC-OEMs that have been negotiating their second-quarter memory contracts initially expected the market supply to expand because Samsung and Micron have begun to produce on the 18nm and the 17nm processes, respectively,” said Avril Wu, research director of DRAMeXchange. “However, both Samsung and Micron have encountered setbacks related to sampling and yield, so the supply situation remains tight going into the second quarter and PC DRAM prices will continue to rise through this three-month period.”
There is no relief to the short supply problem as Samsung and Micron encounter roadblocks in their respective migrations to under-20nm production
Samsung has started to mass produce 18nm PC DRAM products since the middle of this year's first quarter. Transitioning to a higher level of manufacturing technology tends to create difficult design challenges, and Samsung has found that some of its memory modules are having compatibility issues with certain notebook platforms. The high defect rate from the 18nm process has hindered the supplier's shipments. As Samsung is attempting to resolve the product quality problem, its contribution to the market supply will be severely limited.
Micron has also started sending its 17nm PC DRAM products to clients for sampling since the first quarter, but the entire process is taking much longer time than expected. Micron is likely going to delay mass production for its 17nm process beyond this second quarter.
Among the big three suppliers, SK Hynix is only one that is not transitioning to a more advanced manufacturing technology for its PC DRAM and is not shown to have problems in delivering its products. Wu pointed out that Samsung's and Micron's predicaments reveal that design and manufacturing barriers become a lot higher when it comes to migrating to under-20nm production. At the same time, such migration efforts result in diminishing returns in the form of shrinking a bit growth. Significant improvement in the market supply situation therefore is expected to come much later.
Wu added that the DRAM market as a whole will continue to see prices climbing during the entire second quarter: “Besides the larger price hike for PC DRAM products, prices of server DRAM products for the second quarter are projected to rise by 10~15% sequentially on average. Compared with PC DRAM and server DRAM products, mobile memory products will have the smallest price increase during this three-month period, estimated at under 5% from the preceding quarter. The moderate price uptick for mobile memory products is mainly attributed to slowing shipments from China-based smartphone makers. On the other hand, prices of eMCP products are expected to go up by around 5% versus the first quarter due to the additional factor of NAND Flash shortage.”
This past weekend, at UFC 157, we were treated to the debut of women's MMA in the UFC. The card was solid overall, but featured a couple fights that were disappointing, to say the least. Among those was the highly anticipated bout between Lyoto Machida and Dan Henderson, which ended up being an unfortunate bust.
Apparently, at least to me, Machida decided that their gameplan would be to not engage or come anywhere near Henderson's fists. Knowing that with great power comes great responsibility, Lyoto's responsibility was to stay far away from that great power within Dan's hands. They were the old Lyoto, ever elusive, and always out of reach. Some may call it an interesting chess match, but not all of us are Bobby Fischer fans.
So, what happens from here? At 42, Dan is hardly washed up, but he's also not getting any more youthful. It should be noted that ring rust probably played a significant part in their defeat, as they had a long layoff going into the fight. Evan Shoman recently interviewed Henderson, and found that not only is they planning on competing for a couple more years, they would also entertain a superfight at heavyweight, and would like to get back in the cage soon, against any of the Top 5 guys.
I'd consider fighting anybody. As long as I didn't have to cut too much weight, I'd pretty much fight anybody. I just want to get back in there as soon as possible. I hated the long layoff. I want to fight any one of the top 5 guys and I know I'm capable of beating them. That'll keep me right up in there. I'll take any one of them. I could sit here and bitch (about the Machida fight), but it doesn't help anything. I just want to be active and give the fans what they should have seen the other night.
I wasn't planning on retiring anyway after 1 or 2 fights. I plan on being there for a couple of more years, at least. I want to get back in there and fight as soon as I can and stay active this year and next year for sure.
After seeing the Fedor fight, I'd be interested in seeing how Dan fared against a Pat Barry or a Daniel Cormier. Truth be told, I'm interested, as many of you probably are, in seeing Henderson fight anybody. One thing is sure, as long as he's still competing, I'll still be watching.
You can follow Dan via their Twitter account, @DanHendo
The fully autonomous car—one that will carry you from point A to B with no human intervention—is coming. We're not quite there yet; the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration (NHTSA) has laid out four different levels of autonomous car and even the most advanced adaptive cruise control systems on sale today represent only level 2 autonomy. But the technology for level 4 autonomous vehicles is not far off. Yesterday, Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk told Ars that they thought Tesla would have the technology solved in about three years. Even the more cautious estimates we've heard from companies developing self-driving cars predict that they'll be safer than human drivers within a decade. In fact, everyone in the industry that Ars has talked to agrees on one thing: the technology is going to be ready before we—society—are ready for it.
Before we start buying self-driving cars, people will need to be convinced that they're safe and that they won't be hacked or used to spy on us. Regulators will need new ways of satisfying themselves that the machines they're allowing onto the roads are a safety improvement. And we'll want to know who is liable for any collisions that happen when a car is driving itself. Last week we attended a debate hosted by Volvo and the Swedish Embassy in Washington, DC to delve into these topics.
Here in the US, safety is the main force pushing us toward self-driving cars. NHTSA Administrator Mark Rosekind gave a keynote address, telling the audience that 32,000 deaths a year on the road is unacceptable, particularly when 94 percent of them are attributed to driver error. "If technology will reduce deaths on American roads, [the NHTSA is] for it, right now," they said. Rosekind also said that safety innovations should be pushed beyond the option lists of luxury cars and be available across the entire passenger fleet.
As might be expected for a car company that has used safety as a unique selling proposition, that message was well received by Volvo. Its CEO, Håkan Samuelsson, has set the company a goal: by 2020, no one should be killed or seriously injured in one of its new cars. Samuelsson also had some bold advice for other carmakers on the contentious topic of liability. "When you drive manually, the driver is responsible. When it's automatic, we as the manufacturer are liable. If you're not ready to make such a statement, you're not ready to develop autonomous solutions," they said. It's a commendable approach, and we're curious to see if other OEMs follow Volvo's lead.
The panel debate that followed exposed the quandary that state and federal regulators are starting to find themselves in. Agencies like the NHTSA normally create regulations in response to specific problems. Crash impact regulations might get tougher following a string of deaths in a shoddily designed car, for example. But in this case, the agencies are being asked—mainly by elected officials—to decide the rules for self-driving cars before they really have a handle on them. As Brian Soublet of the California DMV pointed out, they know how to test a 16-year-old's driving skills, but they can't say the same for a car. At the same time, these regulators know that when a death inevitably happens—no amount of self-driving cars will reduce annual road deaths to zero—they'll be attacked for allowing unsafe vehicles on the road.
Right now, autonomous cars are probably in more danger from human drivers than vice versa. Almost all of the collisions involving Google's self-driving cars have been other cars rear-ending the wheeled robots . There's now a growing belief that overly cautious AI may not mix well with some impatient humans and that rigidly obeying traffic laws might not be the same as driving safely. It's hard to see a government mindset approving a car without insisting that it follows the letter of the law at all times.
That view wasn't shared by Princeton's Alain Kornhauser. "Laws were written for humans. Laws will have to respect what algorithms can do. If a car can tell it's safe, why shouldn't it perform a rolling stop?" they asked. For its part, Volvo sees a positive side to cautious cars that drive sedately and safely. "The price you pay is your trip might take you longer. Time is a luxury. You get your time back when you have a self-driving car," said Erik Coelingh, a senior engineer at the company.
Listing image by Sam Churchill @ Flickr
Not to be confused with Macaron . For other uses, see Macaroni (disambiguation)
Elbow macaroni die : front view (left), and rear view (right)
Macaroni (, Italian: Maccheroni) is dry pasta shaped like narrow tubes.[2] Made with durum wheat, macaroni is commonly cut in short lengths; curved macaroni may be referred to as elbow macaroni. Some home machines can make macaroni shapes, but like most pasta, macaroni is usually made commercially by large-scale extrusion. The curved shape is created by different speeds of extrusion on opposite sides of the pasta tube as it comes out of the machine.
In North America, the word "macaroni" is often used synonymously with elbow-shaped macaroni, as it is the variety most often used in macaroni and cheese recipes.[3] In Italy, the noun maccheroni refers to straight, tubular, square-ended pasta corta ("short-length pasta"). Maccheroni may also refer to long pasta dishes such as maccheroni alla chitarra and frittata di maccheroni, which are prepared with long pasta like spaghetti.
Etymology [ edit ]
The name comes from Italian maccheroni [makkeˈroːni], plural form of maccherone.[2][4] The many variants sometimes differ from each other because of the texture of each pasta: rigatoni and tortiglioni, for example, have ridges down their lengths, while chifferi, lumache, lumaconi, pipe, pipette, etc. refer to elbow-shaped pasta similar to macaroni in North American culture.
However, the product as well as the name derive from the ancient Greek "Macaria". The academic consensus supports that the word is derived from the Greek μακαρία (makaria),[5] a kind of barley broth which was served to commemorate the dead.[6][7][8][9][10][11][12][13][14] In turn, that comes from μάκαρες (makares) meaning "blessed dead", and ultimately from μακάριος (makarios), collateral of μάκαρ (makar) which means "blessed, happy".[15]
However, the Italian linguist G. Alessio argues that the word can have two origins. The first is the Medieval Greek μακαρώνεια (makarōneia) "dirge" (stated in sec. XIII by James of Bulgaria), which would mean "funeral meal" and then "food to serve" during this office (see modern Eastern Thrace's μαχαρωνιά - macharōnia in the sense of "rice-based dish served at the funeral"), in which case, the term would be composed of the double root of μακάριος "blessed" and αἰωνίος (aiōnios), "eternally".[16] The second is the Greek μακαρία "barley broth", which would have added the suffix -one.[17]
In their book Delizia! The Epic History of Italians and their Food (2007), John Dickie instead says that the word macaroni, and its earlier variants like maccheroni, "comes from maccare, meaning to pound or crush."
The word first appears in English as makerouns in the 1390 Forme of Cury which records the earliest recipe for macaroni cheese[18]. The word later came to be applied to overdressed dandies and was associated with foppish Italian fashions of dress and periwigs, as in the eighteenth-century British song "Yankee Doodle".
The Russian language borrowed the word (as Russian: макароны) as a generic term for all varieties of pasta; this also holds for several other Slavic languages, as well as for Turkish, Greek, and Brazilian Portuguese. In Iran, all sorts of pasta are collectively called makaroni.
Culinary use outside Italy [ edit ]
As is the case with dishes made with other types of pasta, macaroni and cheese is a popular dish in North America, and is often made with elbow macaroni. The same dish, known simply as macaroni cheese, is also popular in Great Britain, where it originated.[19][20] A sweet macaroni pudding containing milk and sugar (and rather similar to a rice pudding) was also popular with the British during the Victorian era.[21] In areas with large Chinese populations open to Western cultural influence, such as Hong Kong, Macao, Malaysia and Singapore, the local Chinese have adopted macaroni as an ingredient for Chinese-style Western cuisine. In Hong Kong's cha chaan teng ("tea restaurants") and Southeast Asia's kopi tiam ("coffee shops"), macaroni are cooked in water and then rinsed to remove starch, and served in clear broth with ham or frankfurter sausages, peas, black mushrooms, and optionally eggs, reminiscent of noodle soup dishes. This is often a course for breakfast or light lunch fare.[22]
See also [ edit ]
Kushari - an Egyptian dish made of rice, macaroni and lentils.
Macaroni art
What would happen if we combined synthetic and biological systems, creating an intelligent cyborg rat? How would it perform?
Researchers in China decided to find out by comparing the problem-solving abilities of rats, computers, and rat-computer “cyborgs,” as they reported in an open-access PLOS ONE paper.
Rats: Six rats were trained for a week to run a series of unique mazes. After training, the researchers tested the rats on 14 new mazes, monitoring their paths, strategies and time spent solving the mazes.
Maze-solving computer algorithm: Implementing left-hand and right-hand wall-following rules, the algorithm completed the same 14 mazes run by the rats.
Rat cyborgs: The rats were implanted with a wireless microstimulator mounted on the back of the rat to deliver electric stimuli via microelectrodes into their somatosensory cortex and medial forebrain bundle, which releases dopamine to the nucleus accumbens and is a key node of the brain's reward system. The computer tracked the rats, analyzed the explored maze information, and decided when and how to intervene when the rats needed help in traversing unique paths and avoiding dead ends and loops (by stimulating the rats' left and right somatosensory cortex to prompt them to move left or right).
Intelligent cyborgs beat both rats and computer
Performance of the rats, computer and rat-cyborgs were compared by evaluating how many times they visited the same location (steps), how many locations they visited, and total time spent to reach the target. Although the cyborgs and computers took roughly the same number of steps, the cyborgs took fewer than the rats, a sign of more efficient problem-solving. The cyborgs also visited fewer locations than computers or rats, and took less time than the rats to solve the mazes.*
The researchers suggest that the experiment shows that optimal intelligence may reside in the integration of animals and computers.
In future work, the researchers plan to introduce more tasks and the complexity of tasks will be quantified. “To avoid excessive intervention with the rats, the strength of the computer's assistance will be graded,” the authors say in the paper. “In addition, more practical rat cyborgs will be investigated: the web camera will be replaced by sensors mounted on rats, such as tiny camera, ultrasonic sensors, infrared sensors, electric compass, and so on, to perceive the real unknown environment in real time; and the computer-aided algorithms can be housed on a wireless backpack stimulator instead of in the computer.”
* The computer aided the rats under three rules: (1) if there was a path to the unique road, the computer would find the shortest path, then Left and Right commands would be sent to navigate the rat to the unique road; (2) if the rat was going to enter a dead cell, Left or Right commands would be sent to prevent such a move; (3) if the rat was in a loop, the computer would find the shortest path to the current destination, then Left and Right commands would be sent to navigate the rat to follow the path.
Abstract of Intelligence-Augmented Rat Cyborgs in Maze Solving
Cyborg intelligence is an emerging kind of intelligence paradigm. It aims to deeply integrate machine intelligence with biological intelligence by connecting machines and living beings via neural interfaces, enhancing strength by combining the biological cognition capability with the machine computational capability. Cyborg intelligence is considered to be a new way to augment living beings with machine intelligence. In this paper, we build rat cyborgs to demonstrate how they can expedite the maze escape task with integration of machine intelligence. We compare the performance of maze solving by computer, by individual rats, and by computer-aided rats (i.e. rat cyborgs). They were asked to find their way from a constant entrance to a constant exit in fourteen diverse mazes. Performance of maze solving was measured by steps, coverage rates, and time spent. The experimental results with six rats and their intelligence-augmented rat cyborgs show that rat cyborgs have the best performance in escaping from mazes. These results provide a proof-of-principle demonstration for cyborg intelligence. In addition, our novel cyborg intelligent system (rat cyborg) has great potential in various applications, such as search and rescue in complex terrains.
New White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci and President Donald Trump's personal attorney Jay Sekulow attempted some damage control Sunday following the president's claim about their power to pardon, saying the issue is not under discussion.
Trump on Saturday asserted they have “complete” power to pardon, following a Washington Post report that they had asked their advisers about their ability to do so for their aides, their family and themselves as the Justice Department's probe continues into whether their campaign colluded with Russian officials to influence the 2016 election.
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 22, 2017
Scaramucci, appearing on CNN's “State of the Union,” said that the pardons issue isn't under consideration by Trump.
“The president's thinking about pardoning nobody,” they said. “It has been coming up a lot, there's an undercurrent of nonsensical stuff. ... The truth of the matter is the president's not going to have to pardon anybody because the Russian thing is a nonsensical thing.”
Sekulow, during an interview with ABC's “This Week,” also said pardons are not “on the table,” adding there's “nothing to pardon from.”
“We have not and I continue to not have conversations with the president of the United States about pardons,” they said.
“Clearly, the Constitution does vest a plenary pardon power within the presidency. Whether it would apply to the president himself, I think ultimately would be a matter for a court to decide,” Sekulow continued. “As I said, that's not something that we're looking at. ... We're not researching it, I haven't researched it, because it's not an issue we're concerned with or dealing with.”
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), meanwhile, told CNN's Jake Tapper that the president “in all likelihood” can pardon himself.
To paraphrase Bob Dylan's “My Back Pages”: “Ah, but Han was so much older then, he's younger than that now…”
As Star Wars fans await The Force Awakens to discover what became of Han Solo in the years since Return of the Jedi, there's another question being asked at Lucasfilm: What happened to them in the years before we met them in that Mos Eisley cantina?
Even as Harrison Ford suits up to reprise the character again this December, a young Han Solo movie is in the works and is already scheduled for release on May 25, 2018.
Here's what everyone knows so far: It will be directed by Phil Lord and Chris Miller, the duo behind Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs, The LEGO Movie, and the 21 Jump Street comedies. And the script will be penned by both Lawrence Kasdan, who worked on The Force Awakens (and The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi) and their son Jon, who directed and wrote 2012's The First Time and was a writer on the TV series Freaks and Geeks.
No actor has been hired yet, and they're even close in that department. There's plenty more we don't know, too — both about the movie, and the history of Solo. So as EW reported on The Force Awakens, we had to ask Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy for an update.
TWO HANS
A young Han Solo film sounds like a no-brainer to pull off, but it's actually an extremely tricky maneuver. If Ford is finally back as the character in the new trilogy, there's potential to confuse the pop-culture hive-mind by introducing an apparent reboot: Han Solo — again — but this time played by a younger actor in a different story. Lucasfilm has to avoid crossing those wires, and they also have to ask: How much should remain a mystery about the smuggler's past?
“Those are exactly the questions we're asking,” Kennedy says. “There's got to be a reason for [the stand-alone film] to be. And obviously the thing that Star Wars has always done so well is it doesn't spend a lot of time [explaining] the stories that have come before. We don't want to do that either. We don't want to spend time going back and answering a lot of questions that, quite frankly, I don't think people want answered.”
LAUGH IT UP, FUZZBALL
So what do people want to know? And what's the best way to present that?
“I think the key here is that we are identifying an event or events in Han Solo's life that gives you some idea of who they are and why they are the character we have all grown to love,” Kennedy says.
A huge part of Solo's appeal is that he's a wise-ass in an otherwise solemn struggle between good and evil. He's the skeptic, the troublemaker. So although the script is still in flux, fans should expect something along the lines of an adventure comedy.
“You can imagine, given who we've chosen to come in and direct, it should be very entertaining and funny,” Kennedy says. “Han Solo is the character inside Star Wars that everybody knows has a wit and sense of humor. So that's what this should be.”
Although Kennedy couldn't talk about details of the story, it's clear it could involve a lot of figures we already know: Chewbacca, of course, Lando Calrissian, Jabba the Hutt, and even Greedo. (If there's not an argument between the two about who shot something first, the movie is missing a trick.) The Star Wars comics being made now by Marvel, which are considered canon, are also adding surprising facets to Solo's past — including the fact that they have a wife.
But there are still other questions fans have, among them…
Next Page: Exactly how young will young Han Solo be?
[pagebreak]
ORIGIN STORY
Plans for the standalone movies, known officially as “anthology” films, began long before Lucasfilm was purchased by The Walt Disney Co. in 2012. Although they are now retired from the Star Wars storytelling business, Lucas gave their blessing to exploring individual characters in one-off films.
“It was one of the first things they sat down to talk to me about: What would those movies be?” says Kennedy, who took over as head of the company in summer of 2012, just months before the Disney sale. “That's where we discussed not only reigniting the saga, but talking about the standalone, what has now become the anthology films.”
After that conversation, the next discussion was who should write a potential Han Solo history? Kasdan's history with Star Wars as a writer on Empire and Jedi, as well as their history with Ford, writing the screenplay for Raiders of the Lost Ark, helped make them the first choice.
Actually, they had the option to do any kind of Star Wars story they liked. Kasdan said they had turned Lucas down when approached about working on the prequels, yet it was a different sort of prequel that interested them this time.
“They said, ‘Here are the things that we'd like to make movies about,' and I said, ‘Oh, well, Han Solo. I would write a movie about Han Solo. He's always been my favorite.' And that's the job that I took,” Kasdan says.
Another question is how young they should go with young Han Solo. In the Star Wars prequels, Lucas began by presenting Darth Vader as a mischievous, pod-racing child. They won't be venturing that far back with Solo.
“He'll definitely be probably in the high teens, low 20s,” Kennedy says. “We're not introducing you to a 10-year-old Han Solo.”
UNEXPECTED ROADBUMPS
In the midst of working on that story, Kasdan was drafted to work with Abrams on Episode VII, using a loose story outline by Little Miss Sunshine writer Michael Arndt. As their work on The Force Awakens became more demanding, young Han Solo was put on hold. That's when Kasdan, like a benevolent Vader, lured their son to join them on that project.
“Since I did not expect to be sidetracked like this, when I came back to it I said to Kathy, you know, I would like Jon to write this with me,” Kasdan recalls. “I could use some inspiration and Jon is really good, and he's full of energy for the project, and I said, I think Jon would be a good one to do this. And we went forward that way.”
Now, it seems not only to be clear sailing on that standalone film, but it's coming together at an accelerated pace after being moved up in the line-up when another Star Wars anthology project hit trouble.
NEXT PAGE: What's the state of the ‘other' mystery anthology film?
[pagebreak]
NO DISINTEGRATIONS
In addition to Gareth Edwards' Rogue One, about Rebel efforts to steal the original Death Star plans, which is shooting now, and the upcoming young Han Solo movie, there's a third anthology movie is in the works — but it hit a snag.
X-Men producer and writer Simon Kinberg was developing that untitled movie, and Chronicle director Josh Trank was set to direct. When Trank ran into already-legendary trouble making the disastrous Fantastic Four reboot, they ended up stepping down from the Star Wars job. Sources tell EW that we almost saw a teaser reel for that film at Star Wars Celebration in April, until Trank's participation was put on hold at the last minute. (Lucasfilm won't comment on that, or the subject of the movie, but we heard about its lead character on good authority a while back.)
Kennedy did provide an update on the state of that movie, which has not yet hired a new director. In short: don't worry, it's not going away.
“It's still one of the stories that we absolutely want to tell,” they say. “There is a lot of innovative technology in and around what it is we're doing with that story, so for a lot of reasons, we were comfortable postponing that. But we're definitely still developing it.”
It doesn't have a date, but it will probably come in 2020, after the conclusion of this new trilogy with Episode IX in 2019.
Kennedy says there's no rush. They want to get it right.
“We're trying to get to a point,” they say, “where we're never rushing for anything.”
Check back tomorrow for a few more Star Wars: The Force Awakens stories on EW.com.
Related Stories
•12 exclusive EW looks at Star Wars: The Force Awakens
•This Week's Cover: Exclusive look at Star Wars: The Force Awakens
•How Luke Skywalker lured J.J. Abrams into directing Star Wars: The Force Awakens
To continue reading the cover story on EW's Fall Movie Preview, and to see more exclusive photos, pick up the new issue of Entertainment Weekly, on newsstands Friday, or buy it here.
WANT MORE EW? Subscribe now to keep up with the latest in movies, television and music.
No matter where you go, your smartphone is under constant attack from criminals, corporations and foreign governments. Professionals around the world trust their Armadillo Phone to protect them. Communicate instantly using encrypted email, insant messaging and audio or video calling. Travel safely to over 150 countries with multiple passwords and advanced hacking protection. If you need mobile security, you need an Armadillo Phone.
Security
Armadillo Phone is designed from the hardware up to be secure. Cameras, microphones and fingerprint scanners can be physically removed. If you're forced to surrender your Armadillo, you can reveal a decoy password to enter a decoy mode. Or a wipe password to erase everything. Our unique anti-theft beacon will shut down your phone if it's stolen. Your access card prevents unauthorized use, even if attackers have your password. Anti-hacking protection neuters attacks that would compromise other phones. High-strength encryption prevents us from being able to read any of your messages. Lockscreen improvements mitigate shoulder-surfing. Our network is monitored by a team of professionals waiting to defend against hackers. Regular updates keep you patched against the latest vulnerabilities. We even pay outside security experts to audit Armadillo Phone and help uncover unknown flaws.
Privacy
We value our customer's privacy and this is why we offer anonymous payment methods and require no personal information to purchase. We operate on a "zero-trust" basis, so we never have access to a user's messages or encryption keys. You can also purchase your own server to maintain total control of your metadata.
MUMBAI: “It is too casual a process for the appointment of directors of IITs,” said nuclear scientist Anil Kakodkar in their first remarks on record after their run-in with the HRD ministry over the appointment of directors of the IITs at Patna, Ropar and Bhubaneshwar. Union minister Smriti Irani had called for a fresh process to interview 36 candidates in a single day. “What was done before was okay. Looking at all 36 candidates in one day is not right. There is a fundamental difficulty with the process. How do you ensure that you make the correct selection?” they asked, while speaking to TOI on Monday.Kakodkar had resigned as chairperson of both the IIT-Bombay board of governors (BoG) and the standing committee of the IIT Council on March 12. Although they later decided to continue, Kakodkar did not attend the search-cum-selection committee meeting on Sunday. The panel had earlier shortlisted 12 candidates. The list was later scrapped.“The last meeting of the IIT-Bombay's BoG is over and therefore I wanted to step down. If they want me to continue I will. I am a responsible person,” said Kakodkar, who was associated with IIT-Bombay for almost a decade. They were the chairperson of BoG for three terms. When asked if they would attend any meeting of the search committee for appointing the three directors, they said, “This process is over.” However, Kakodkar said they would continue in the post till May before moving on.Kakodkar had resigned as chairperson of both the IIT-Bombay board of governors (BoG) and the standing committee of the IIT Council on March 12. (PTI photo)A senior member of one of the IIT boards said, “Usually, shortlisted candidates are called for the interviews. We have been following this process, and have managed to produce some of the greatest directors in the past. Now, the Centre is trying to bring about changes in a well-established and successful system.”
"Tom was a strong supporter of the Council Leader Steve Eling and two of their employees have cabinet posts on the council alongside Richard Marshall and Steve Eling. Inevitably some local Party members are accusing them of a cover up."
Councillor Maria Crompton has personally called on Mr Watson to demand the suspension of their colleague after expressing their distress at the possibility of seeing Mr Marshall at work.
They told The Sunday Telegraph: "I am now avoiding the council house because I can't face the thought of seeing him, knowing what they have said.
"The only resolution would be their suspension."
The Sunday Telegraph understands Mr Watson told Ms Crompton it would be inappropriate for them to intervene because of their position on Labour's Executive Committee (NEC).
However, in an local newspaper article in May 2016, they publicly condemned the action of another Councillor who is also facing an investigation by the Labour Party and would come before the NEC.
Mr Bailey said: "Tom has been very forthright in their condemnation of other Councillors alleged wrongdoing but has yet to publicly back the victims in Sandwell on this matter."
Tom Watson said: " A serious complaint has been made against a councillor in Sandwell. It is being investigated by the Labour Party and that investigation will be conducted thoroughly and fairly. It would not be appropriate for me to make any further comment until that process is complete".
Mr Marshall said in a statement: "I would like this matter thoroughly and independently investigated.
"Unlike Parliament, there is a proper standards process in local government and as such I have self-referred the complaint against me to SMBC's monitoring officer."
Despite Party Designation on Provisional Ballot Envelopes, an Estimated 10 to 15,000 Democratic Votes Cast by Validated, Non-Partisan Registered Voters from 'Super Tuesday' Primary May be Uncountable by Registrar's New 'Supplemental Counting' Scheme...
Brad Friedman Byon 2/29/2008, 4:57pm PT
I spent most yesterday and today on the phone with attorneys and officials trying to sort out the continuing, disastrous mess concerning the "Double Bubble" ballot fiasco from Los Angeles County's February 5th Democratic Primary.
That, despite what we see as this week's premature declaration of "Victory!" on Tuesday from our friends at the Courage Campaign, followed by their "We won!" email on Wednesday, as they celebrated after the county's acting Registrar announced their plan to count some (though by no means all) of the 50,000 or so still-uncounted ballots cast by Non-Partisan (NP) voters who had attempted to vote in the open Democratic Primary on "Super Tuesday."
During a late-night phone call from a local Election Integrity advocate last night, however, I was told that situation is even worse than previously reported or even known --- even by the county's elections officials --- to date, as another set of thousands of legal ballots may go uncounted, even under a new tabulating scheme being implemented by county officials...
Judy Alter, President of ProtectCaliforniaBallots.org, has been spending their days at the county's central tabulating office in Norwalk over the last several weeks since the election, observing tabulation, and working closely with the managers and technicians overseeing the ballot counting. They told me last night that there are thousands of validated provisional ballots cast by NP voters, which include a selection for a candidate in the open Democratic or American Independent Party Primaries, but which will remain uncounted according to the new counting scheme [PDF] announced this week by acting Registrar Dean Logan.
On Wednesday, I reported on the problems with the partial, unfair-to-candidates, "supplemental" counting scheme proposed by Logan, along with my solution to the problem which would count nearly all of the so-far uncounted ballots, 100% accurately, and in accordance with provisions of both the California election code and its Constitution. Though my suggestions have been ignored by officials to date, Logan is set to begin the "supplemental count," according to their currently proposed scheme, on Saturday morning.
Alter, however, reports that a set of ballots, from among an estimated 10 to 15,000 currently uncounted NP provisional ballots, will also not be counted by the county's new tabulating scheme. That despite the fact, Alter says, that the original provisional ballot envelopes specify on them whether the NP voters were attempting to vote in either the Democratic or American Independent Party primary.
Logan is set to begin their "supplemental count" of all of the NP ballots which went uncounted previously, tomorrow. Those ballots --- an estimated 50,000 of them --- had valid selections in the Presidential race, but no selection in a second bubble on the ballot used to specify which party, Democratic or American Independent, the voter was intending to vote in.
Due to the absurd ballot design implemented by the former Registrar Conny McCormack, who quit their post as the chief Election Official for the nation's most populous county just one month prior to election day, it was impossible for the county's optical-scan computers to read the Presidential selections on those NP ballots correctly, given that a number of the bubbles for Presidential candidate overlapped for each party's candidates. If neither the #5 nor #6 bubble was filled in on the ballot, specifying either the Dem or AI party, there was no way --- short of a manual cross-check with the precinct poll rosters --- to determine which party's candidate the voters were intending to select if they voted for a candidate in the #8 to #10 bubbles where both parties had candidates listed on the ballot.
According to Logan's flawed plan for their "supplemental count," many of the currently uncounted non-provisional ballots, with votes for Democratic candidates lucky enough to be on the ballot in the #11 to #15 bubbles, will be tallied. But their plan will not tally votes cast --- even in the same precinct --- for any candidate in the #8 to #10 slots, if any NP-AI voters were noted in the poll rosters as having voted at the same precinct. The candidate ballot positions were rotated randomly in each different Congressional district.
The plan, as bad as it is, according to Alter, is even worse than previously known, since thousands of provisional ballots without the #5 or #6 party bubble filled in will go uncounted due to yet another bad decision by the Registrar's office.
Alter explains that many of the provisional ballots cast were "remade" after the voter was validated as a registered voter. The remaking of the ballots is said to have been done when voters cast their provisional ballots at precincts different than their own. If they did, their ballots were "remade" by hand, by county officials, on the appropriate ballots for the voters' correct precincts.
That notion is bad enough, but worse, when the ballots were "remade," if no selection was made by the voter in the #5 or #6 party bubble, the voters' selections for President were not included on the remade ballots!
Therefore, when those ballots are processed again, via Logan's "supplemental" method, they will not be seen by the tabulator machines as containing votes for President, and thus will remain uncounted. More disenfranchised voters in Los Angeles County.
We have several calls in to the Registrar's office to confirm these details and to get more information. However, given that Logan's "supplemental" count is now set to begin at 7:30am tomorrow morning, according to this notice [PDF] posted by the county, and with the local certification deadline set for next Tuesday, we thought it best to get this information out immediately, based only on Alter's description of the problem for the moment.
How Many Voters May be Affected?
According to an informal guesstimate, based on previously known percentages of NP ballots containing selections for a Presidential candidate, but without a choice selected in one of the two party bubbles, Alter estimates that some 10,000 to 15,000 such ballots may be affected and mixed in with the 136,000 existing, already-validated provisional ballots cast during the Election.
Of that estimated 10 to 15 thousand, a smaller set of those would have been "remade" without transferring the voters' selections for Presidential candidate to the new ballot, though Alter did not want to hazard a guess as to how many that might be. Our call has so far not been returned by the official they recommended we contact to get harder numbers on this issue.
Late this afternoon we spoke again with Alter, who is again at the Norwalk counting facility today. They report that they have now shared their discovery, and accompanying concern, with nearly half a dozen of the officials and technical managers there.  They are hopeful that they understand the problem, and are currently taking action to find a way to include those ballots for accurate tabulation in the "supplemental count."
Alter suggests that the quickest and most accurate way to do that count, at this point, would be to examine and count, by hand, all of the original (un-"remade") provisional Non-Partisan ballots.
Though I caution again that I've been unable to confirm any of these details, up to this point, with officials, Alter's description of the problem, as well as their understanding of the ballots and counting processes currently underway in Norwalk, is quite detailed. Alter says they originally discussed the matter yesterday with the head of quality control for provisional ballots and the supervisor of the "remake" room, whose nickname is "Tray" (she doesn't know their last name). They confirmed the issue with them again today, and also reported the problem to Alex Olvera, Tray's supervisor, and at least two other officials at the facility.
The time issues in play lead me to run this story earlier than I normally might, without getting confirmation from an official, but it certainly sounds like the always-vigilant Alter has likely got it right.
All of which underscores again the importance of tangible, voter-marked paper ballots that can be transparently counted, examined, and recounted again, as needed, as well as the importance of oversight, and the ability of the public to do so in all aspects of our public elections.
The voters of L.A. County, and L.A. County officials themselves, owe Alter a great thank-you.
Previous BRAD BLOG "Double Bubble" coverage...
Please support The BRAD BLOG's Fund Drive and our continuing coverage of your election system, as found nowhere else. Click here for a number of cool new collector's edition Premium products now available for new contributors!
Why do you even ask whether it is? A price gyrating like this is proof perfect of bubble behaviour. However, please do note that the existence of a bubble is not evidence that Bitcoin will either fail or succeed. There are often bubbles in things that succeed, just as much as the rubble of a bubble shows a failure.
The bubbleicious behaviour is of course the price gyrations going on.
Bitcoin's value hit $900 on Mt. Gox exchange around 5 p.m. PST Monday, up more than 70 percent from Sunday's close and setting an all-time high in the process. But, it also just dropped to $650 within the past 30 minutes, highlighting the current volatility of Bitcoin. The value of Bitcoin only hit $400 for the first time last week, and $500 for the first time on Sunday.
Wild price changes as a result of speculation purely about the future value of something. Yup, that's bubble style behaviour.
However, as I say, don't take this as being an insistence that Bitcoin will never be used for anything, will never become a successful alternative currency. I have my doubts about that happening, this is true, but I want to point out that the two questions are entirely different.
There's any number of examples fro the past to argue either side of this. Global Crossing for example, very definitely a dotcom inspired bubble of a company. Yet the fibre they laid in such extravagance has indeed since been bought up cheaply and is all now lit. Indeed it may well be aiding me in filing this or you in reading it. The South Sea Company, of the famed Bubble itself, spawned an awful lot of copycats that raised money fro shareholders and never managed anything else. But the South Sea Company itself survived the bubble and actually did some real business over the years.
And the obvious example is the Dutch tulip craze. Yes, there was very definitely a speculative bubble in these bulbs, with, towards the end, fine examples going for the price of a house. All of which collapsed in a matter of weeks and they were worth again what the bulb of a pretty flower is usually worth. Yet the tulip industry survives in Holland to this day and the country is still the HQ of the European market for cut flowers. Tulip bulbs, the business in them, has survived for centuries after the collapse of the speculative bubble.
So my argument is that yes, Bitcoin is in a speculative bubble. But this tells us little to nothing about whether it will eventually become a useful store of wealth or medium of exchange (the two things e normally desire from a currency). That will be determined by whether people find it useful after the speculation and the bubble I claim there is have passed.
DAMN. by Kendrick Lamar. A post shared by Kendrick Lamar (@kendricklamar) on Apr 11, 2017 at 3:15am PDT
Kendrick Lamar has confirmed the details of their new album. Titled DAMN. the record will be released on April 14. It features the single "Humble" plus collaborations with Rihanna and U2 on the tracks "Loyalty" and "xxx" respectively. The artwork, seen above, is a picture of Lamar wearing a simple white tee in front of a brick wall.
ADVERTISEMENT
Last week it was reported that the album features production credits for BADBADNOTGOOD, Mike WiLL-Made It, DJ Dahi, Sounwave, 9th Wonder, the Alchemist, Greg Kurstin, and a “J. Blake.”
The DAMN. tracklist is as follows:
1. "Blood"
2. "DNA"
3. "Yah"
4. "Element"
5. "Feel"
6. "Loyalty" f. Rihanna
7. "Pride"
8. "Humble"
9. "Lust"
10. "Love"
11. "xxx" f. U2
12. "Fear"
13. "God"
14. "Duckworth"
Panel 1
A woman in a tea-length dress wearing heels, being spoken to by a woman in a similar outfit.
Person 1: (Speaking to Person 2) Dresses this length are designed to be worn with heels. It won't look right with flats.
Panel 2
A woman in pants and high platform heels being spoken to by a woman in a tea-length dress and pumps.
Person 3: (Speaking to Person 4) Slacks look funny with a heel that high – don't you want to try something more classy?
Panel 3
A man in a tuxedo speaking to a woman wearing an evening dress and black high heels.
Person 5: (Speaking to Person 6) Red carpet dress code requires appropriate shoes – thank you for putting on heels.
Panel 4
A man in a tuxedo speaking to a woman wearing an evening dress and high heels with a tall platform.
Person 7: (Speaking to Person 8) Ma'am, I'm sorry but your shoes aren't appropriate for a red carpet event.
Panel 5
A woman in a suit wearing pumps looking sore, a man is speaking to them
Person 9: (Speaking to Person 10) What if someone else gets the job because they wore the right shoes? It's an interview – you have to wear heels!
Panel 6
A woman in a suit wearing a pair of stiletto heels – a woman in a dress wearing pumps is speaking to them
Person 11: (Speaking to Person 12) You can't wear those heels to an interview – you'll look trashy!
Panel 7
A man speaking to a very short woman wearing a pair of platform pumps and holding a briefcase.
Person 13: (Speaking to Person 14) You're so short you'll need to wear heels to be taken seriously in a courtroom.
Panel 8
A man speaking to a very tall woman wearing platform pumps and holding a briefcase.
Person 15: (Speaking to Person 16) You're so tall that you shouldn't wear heels – they make you too intimidating.
Panel 9
A man and woman dressed up to go to a club, the woman is wearing heels and the man is speaking.
Person 17: (Speaking to Person 18) You should wear heels – you won't be able to dance as much but they won't let us in if it looks like you didn't make an effort!
Panel 10
Two women dressed up to go to a club, one woman is wearing very high heels and the other woman is speaking.
Person 19: (Speaking to Person 20) Change your shoes! They won't let us in if you look like a skank!
Panel 11
A woman in a wedding dress wearing heels, another woman speaking to them
Person 21: (Speaking to Person 22) You have to wear heels with your wedding dress! Don't you want to look like a princess?
Panel 12
A woman in a wedding dress wearing a pair of vinyl ultra-high platform heels, another woman speaking to them
Person 23: (Speaking to Person 24) You can't wear those shoes to your wedding! They're way too flashy!
Panel 13
A woman speaking to a woman who is wearing flats.
Person 25: (Speaking to Person 26) What are you? Some kind of feminist who's too good to dress up pretty?
Panel 14
A woman in flats speaking to a woman wearing very high stiletto heels.
Person 27: (Speaking to Person 28) Don't you know that hypersexualized shoes like that are a tool of the patriarchy?
Panel 15
Two women sitting back-to-back, leaning on one another and smiling. One woman wears a pair of flats, the other wears a pair of high heels. They are sitting beneath three word banners and above another banner.
Text: Shoes are neither professional nor unprofessional. They are neither chaste nor promiscuous. They are neither appropriate nor inappropriate. Shoes are inanimate foot-coverings. Step the fuck down from judging women for our shoes: The only reason that someone should or should not wear heels is because they choose to.
Oscar D'Angelo can be seen in this 2006 photo by Chicago architecture critic Lee Bey. View Full Caption Lee Bey/leebey.com
LITTLE ITALY— Who was Oscar D'Angelo, known as the unofficial "Mayor of Little Italy," before they died Sunday at age 84?
The Little Italy power broker and lobbyist who rubbed elbows with city's movers and shakers was loved by some for their work to preserve the historic neighborhood that so many of the city's Italian immigrants once called home.
Over decades, the hands-on leader founded neighborhood organizations, including the University Village Association, and fought against developments, working to make Little Italy safer.
But to others, D'Angelo — who was born in and died in Little Italy — was a controversial character and the subject of scandal.
The power broker
Ald. Danny Solis (25th), whose ward includes part of Little Italy, remembered hearing about the legendary D'Angelo when they were appointed to the post in 1996.
As a first-year student alderman living on the west end of Taylor Street, Solis would soon learn exactly how much influence was wielded by D'Angelo, who welcomed Mayor Richard M. Daley and Ald. Ed Burke (14th) as dinner guests.
In their first year in office, Solis clashed with D'Angelo on a debated deal to move a homeless shelter in the neighborhood.
"Oscar wanted to move it to the west end of the ward, but I didn't like that idea. And neighbors would say, 'Oscar wants it, and it's going to happen. He's the real alderman of Taylor Street.'"
Solis, also a Daley ally, called the mayor for some advice.
"I asked him, 'Who is this guy? Keyser Soze?'" Solis said, referencing the feared and revered crime lord from the movie "The Usual Suspects."
Over the next 20 years, Solis and D'Angelo would agree and disagree on neighborhood issues. When you disagreed, "you would have to battle him. If you didn't hold your ground, they would bulldoze you."
"He would meet with you, they would make arguments, they would try to entice you with fundraising, they would do whatever it took," said Solis, who called D'Angelo a friend. "But if you stood your ground, they respected you."
Burke said D'Angelo was "a true renaissance man" who had a passion for the neighborhood where they were born and raised. Walking down Taylor Street, D'Angelo knew every person, shop, corner and stoop.
The media came to call them “The Mayor of Little Italy” because they played such an influential role in preserving the iconic neighborhood, Burke said.
"Beyond all else, they were a dear, charming, stubborn and engaging friend who will be impossible to forget and truly missed," they said.
Oscar D'Angelo (second from left) at the dedication of Joe DiMaggio's statue at the National Italian American Sports Hall of Fame in Little Italy in 1999. Also pictured, from left: Gary Hall, Jerry Colangelo, Joe DiMaggio and Mayor Richard M. Daley. [National Italian American Sports Hall of Fame]
'Unapologetic doer'
Armando Chacon, president of the West Central Association, worked on a number of projects with D'Angelo over the years. D'Angelo, a great storyteller, was "an unapologetic doer," who was "misunderstood," Chacon said.
"He may have been controversial but got things done time and time again," the West Loop leader said. "He was also misunderstood but there was no questioning their good intentions and love for the neighborhood."
Former Ald. Bob Fioretti said D'Angelo, who they met in the '80s, was an "old school" guy who would drop handwritten notes off at their house — a laundry list of the things that they were wanted done on Taylor Street.
"He [believed in] the 'broken window theory' before it became a catch-phrase," Fioretti said — that if the neighborhood was clean and free of vandalism, people would take pride in it, preventing major crime. "There was no task for them that was too large or too small."
John Walsh, president of the University Village Association, has called D'Angelo a friend for 25 years. The "warm" leader could "yell and scream" at you one day "and love you the next day," Walsh said.
"He didn't hold grudges," Walsh said.
D'Angelo had a tremendous impact on the neighborhood, and was good at getting consensus among neighbors — whether it was to remove a strip of chain-link fences along Bishop Street or garnering support for the then-new UIC campus.
"Every good thing that is in our neighborhood is because of him. Every improvement, every street paving, every tree planted," Walsh said.
Chris Provenzano, who worked with D'Angelo as the executive director of the University Village Association for eight years, called D'Angelo a visionary with high standards.
"He was a great person to work with, and an even better person to know personally," Provenzano said.
Oscar D'Angelo at their 80th birthday party with wife, Paula. [Chris Provenzano]
The controversial
As a lobbyist and mayoral ally, D'Angelo was also the subject of scandals.
A longtime friend of Richard M. Daley, the two had a falling out over scandals that included a controversial O'Hare Airport contract, according to the Chicago Sun-Times.
In 1989, D'Angelo was barred from practicing law after federal investigators found they had arranged more than $10,000 in free rental cars for judges and city officials, the Sun-Times reported.
In 2000, they were in trouble again, for making interest-free loans to Daley's deputy chief of staff and for working as an unregistered lobbyist who put two Daley friends in business at O'Hare Airport.
In 2006, D'Angelo told the Sun-Times' Fran Spielman that their missteps were "a question of the times."
"There was no malice. There was no intent to deceive or do anything illegal," D'Angelo said. "Times have changed, and perhaps, I did not change with the times."
In the neighborhood, D'Angelo was criticized by some for backing former mayor Richard J. Daley's decision to raze parts of Little Italy to make way for the University of Illinois at Chicago, a move that would ultimately change the course of the Near West Side.
And in 2003, they had a well-publicized feud with another legendary Little Italy figure — Mario DiPaolo, whose father founded Mario's Italian Lemonade on Taylor Street.
And as they fought developments they didn't like in the neighborhood, residents didn't always agree.
In 2007, then-Sun-Times reporter Mark Konkol chronicled the plight to open Taylor Street Tattoo, which D'Angelo fought to keep from opening.
Owner Keith Underwood recalled: "Oscar told me, 'There's no way there ever will be a tattoo shop on my street. That's what they called it, 'my street.'"
Fighting plans for the proposed public housing museum in 2006, D'Angelo professed: "I am a hell of a friend and a rotten enemy."
But their wife said D'Angelo was passionate, a man who loved the neighborhood where their Italian family laid roots. Paula D'Angelo told the Sun-Times that D'Angelo's father immigrated to Chicago from Italy, working odd jobs. In 1939, they bought a building on Laflin Street when Oscar was 8, working as a grocer on the block.
"He became very involved in the urban-renewal process and wanted to make, as they said, 'lemonade out of lemons,'" they told the Sun-Times.
In the end, Solis said D'Angelo will be remembered as "a hands-on leader," a man known to pick up garbage off the street, patrolling Taylor Street with a broom and shovel in hand.
"He was abrasive, but they did a lot for the neighborhood," Solis said. "He was all about making the neighborhood better."
D'Angelo was interviewed for a film called "And They Came To Chicago: The Italian American Legacy." A small park next to Congress Parkway also was named after him.
In recent years, D'Angelo lived in a building adjacent to Garibaldi Park and they could be seen walking the neighborhood.
D'Angelo, who had prostate cancer, is survived by their wife.
A wake is planned for 3-9 p.m. Friday at Our Lady of Pompeii, 1224 W. Lexington St., with a funeral set for 11 a.m. Saturday, according to church officials.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Image caption Man on the Beat shows the "rigorous training necessary to become a police constable"
More than 120 short films offering "snapshots of the UK's cultural, sporting, industrial and political heritage" have been put online.
The documentaries from the British Council's archive date back to 1939, when the Council commissioned the films to showcase Britain to the world.
Topics included health care, the legal system, Shakespeare and how the Times was produced each day.
The films are now available to download via the British Council's website .
Largely shown at embassies, consulates and to students and schoolchildren around the world, the collection has been preserved in the BFI National Archive for the past 30 years.
Highlights of the newly digitised documentaries include Man on the Beat, which "shows the rigorous training necessary to become a police constable".
Life Cycle of the Onion uses time lapse photography to follow an onion from seed to leaf, to flower to harvest, and back to seed again.
Image caption City Bound features a "patriotic" look at the daily commute Londoners made in 1941
The Great Game follows teams to the 1945 Football League War Cup Finals at Wembley and Stamford Bridge, Chelsea's home ground.
City Bound, meanwhile, presents a "patriotic look" at the daily commute into town faced by Londoners in 1941.
The British Council said the collection represented a "significant chapter in British documentary film history".
According to director of film Briony Hanson, it also gives "a unique insight into how Britain wanted to portray itself internationally - a portrait which was probably quite far from the truth".
"With our self-image very much in the spotlight again this summer as the world watches the Olympics and the Jubilee, these films encourage us to ask timely questions about what it means to be British," they continued.
Some of the shorts feature work by those who went on to carve out successful careers in the industry, among them director Ken Annakin and the cinematographer Jack Cardiff.
Swansea City were bottom of the Premier League when Paul Clement was appointed boss in January
Swansea City leapfrogged Hull City to climb out of the Premier League relegation zone with two games remaining after Fernando Llorente headed the winner against Everton.
Llorente got the better of Phil Jagielka to nod Jordan Ayew's cross past goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg from close range - the Spaniard's 13th league goal of the season.
Mason Holgate's last-ditch challenge prevented Alfie Mawson from making it 2-0 before Ayew hit the post from 16 yards.
Hull, who earlier lost 2-0 at home to relegated Sunderland, drop into the bottom three, while this result also means Middlesbrough will be relegated to the Championship if they lose to leaders Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Monday (20:00 BST).
Everton were poor throughout, Romelu Lukaku going closest when they blazed into the side-netting after a powerful run.
At the other end, Stekelenburg produced a fine stop to deny substitute Leroy Fer from making it 2-0 for Swansea, who are unbeaten in three league games.
Swansea's fate in their own hands
On a dramatic day at the bottom of the table, Swansea took advantage of earlier slips by Hull and Crystal Palace to leave their Premier League future in their own hands.
The Swans are away to relegated Sunderland on 13 May and at home to eighth-placed West Brom on 21 May, the final day. If they win both games they will stay up.
Hull are away at Crystal Palace, who are four points above the relegation zone after a 5-0 defeat at Manchester City, on 14 May before hosting second-placed Tottenham on the last day.
Palace's final match of the season is at Manchester United, who are unbeaten in their past 24 league games.
Hull result inspires the Swans
For the Swans, a passionate fanbase turned into a delirious one before a ball was even kicked in south Wales, after Sunderland's victory over Hull.
That lifted a boisterous Liberty Stadium, but it took almost half an hour before Swansea created a big opportunity in a cagey contest.
When they did, they took it expertly, Llorente heading home from close range after Ayew's twisting run and deflected cross fell perfectly.
Holgate then produced an outstanding challenge to deny Mawson, with a Jagielka block also denying Martin Olsson's effort from an acute angle.
Swansea continued to carve out the better chances, Ayew's volley with the outside of their foot hitting the post, and it was not until the 66th minute that Lukasz Fabianski was seriously tested by Lukaku's 20-yard shot.
The hosts spurned further chances through Llorente and Fer. It might have cost Swansea at the death when their former skipper Ashley Williams was inches away from heading home, but they couldn't quite convert from Kevin Mirallas' flick-on.
Everton eyes on next season
Media playback is not supported on this device Swansea defended for their lives - Koeman
Everton stay seventh, two points behind sixth-placed Arsenal but having played three games more than the Gunners.
The Toffees have the feel of a club already building for next term.
Ross Barkley, whose future in unclear as their contract runs down, was dropped by Ronald Koeman as was loanee Enner Valencia.
Barkley's introduction at half-time was evidence that Everton had lacked panache in the final third, with Fabianski entirely untroubled before the break.
Everton had won eight of their past 11 visits to Swansea, but not even returning Wales captain Williams - whose every touch was jeered by a section of the home fans - could inspire the visitors.
Man of the Match - Fernando Llorente (Swansea City)
Fernando Llorente was not only the match-winner and a constant threat, they also made a big impact defensively, getting their head to several Everton set-pieces.
'Hull result gave us a lift' - what they said
Media playback is not supported on this device Hull defeat gave Swans a lift - Clement
Swansea boss Paul Clement: "It is one of my proudest moments. What a fantastic, gritty performance. It was so important we got that result after what happened at Hull.
"We have hit some form both offensively and especially defensively. We have played against really good opposition and seven points from three games is a fantastic tally.
"It gave us a lift before the game knowing that result had gone in our favour, we knew if we did something special we could get out of the relegation zone.
"We really defended well."
Everton boss Ronald Koeman: "It was not good enough. The difference is one goal, we had maybe more ball possession, it was difficult to create open chances.
"The final part, we had to be a little bit more aggressive in the box. The problem is in the last few weeks to create chances - we don't score in the last three games.
"In my opinion, seventh position is a good position and next Friday is important to give the fans a win they deserve."
'End of season goal drought' - the stats
Everton have failed to score in their past three Premier League games for the first time since a four-game drought in April 2006.
Swansea have taken seven points from their past three league games after picking up just one in the six before that.
The Toffees have lost an away league game in Wales for the first time in their past 11 games there (W5 D5), since a 1-0 defeat to Cardiff at Ninian Park in December 1956.
This is Fernando Llorente's best goal haul in a league season (13) since 2013-14 (16 with Juventus).
Jordan Ayew has provided an assist in three of their past six Premier League games, this after failing to assist in any of their first 36 in the competition.
What's next?
Swansea visit relegated Sunderland in their penultimate match of the season on Saturday, 13 May (15:00 BST), while Everton host 15th-placed Watford next Friday (19:45 BST).
I started off 2011 by attending the Sundance Film Festival for the first time. I was only there for a few days but got to see the films Becoming Chaz and Gun Hill Road. I left the film festival feeling infinitely inspired as an actor, artist, and trans woman. I was certain that the game would be forever changed for trans folks in the media because of these two films. Chaz Bono, the subject of Becoming Chaz, of course, went on to have a groundbreaking year for transgender visibility. Harmony Santana, the transgender actor who plays Michael/Vanessa in Gun Hill Road, has won critical raves and public adulation for their moving performance as a teen struggling for paternal acceptance as they begin their gender transition. They were recently nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for their role.  They are the first trans woman to be so honored.
2011 has been a notable year for other transgender actors in film and on television, as well, including yours truly, though my films have yet to be released. What's notable for me, I think, is that I got the opportunity to play dynamic, complicated characters in six different independent films in one year. I have never done six films in one year. This suggests to me that more films are being written and produced with transgender characters and that there is a willingness to hire trans actors to play these roles. In the case of two of the films, I got to play characters that weren't written as transgender. This seems like very good news for transgender representation in the media.
The day I returned from Sundance, I had a call back for the film Musical Chairs. Musical Chairs is a film about wheelchair ballroom dancing, which is very popular in Europe and Asia, though it has yet to find the same popularity in America. I play Chantelle, a flirtatious busybody who is an old-fashioned romantic at heart. Chantelle is transgender and a paraplegic. I got to learn how to do a tango and waltz in a wheelchair and in the process developed a new respect and admiration for people with disabilities. The film is directed by Susan Seidelman, who directed Desperately Seeking Susan, She-Devil, and the pilot of Sex and the City, among other gems. Musical Chairs comes to theaters nationwide in March 2012.
In the independent film Carl(a), I play Cinnamon, the self-destructive best friend of the title character. Both Carla and Cinnamon are transgender. Carla is played by the young trans actor Joslyn Defreece, who makes their feature film debut with Carl(a). It was a pleasure getting to know Joslyn and working with them They have a beautiful, raw, emotional instrument and was utterly committed to bringing truth to every moment of their tour de force of a performance. Carla is saving for reassignment surgery by some unconventional means. They meet a guy and falls in love, but they don't want them to have the surgery. I was so excited about this film because this is a very real story I have seen time and again over the years with people in my life but have never seen it told in a film so truthfully. The film also co-stars Mark Margolis and Gregg Bello. Carl(a) is currently being shopped to film festivals internationally.
In an article about transgender performers in the December 8-14, 2011 issue of Backstage, Simi Horwitz writes, "Casting director Sig De Miguel ... looks forward to the time when a character's transgender status is incidental to the script and an actor's trans identity is irrelevant to casting. 'You may be born male, but you're a woman now,' De Miguel says." De Miguel represents a growing number of industry professionals who are open to casting trans actors in roles that aren't necessarily written as trans. They cast three of the films in which I acted in 2011. They also cast Harmony Santana in Gun Hill Road. In 36 Saints, one of those films, I play the effusive party promoter Genesius. Nowhere in the script does it say that they are transgender, nor is it inauthentic to the story that they are.
The highest profile fictional transgender film character of 2011 was the controversial role of Kimmy in the blockbuster The Hangover 2. The role was played by transsexual adult film actor Yasmin Lee. I had the pleasure of briefly meeting Yasmin a few years ago. They seemed very sweet. I hope this high-profile role has opened other doors for Lee.
On television the transgender actor Jamie Clayton made their acting debut on the HBO original series Hung. Jamie was, of course, my first choice of co-stars for my short-lived VH1 makeover show TRANSform Me. I often joke with Jamie about having given them their first job in TV when she's now a huge star. It's been a pleasure to watch Jamie's growth as an actor and artist firsthand while studying with them at The Studio here in New York City. Jamie's second episode of Hung, the seventh of season 3, is surprisingly educational about trans identity, as well as being very moving. Ray, trying to bond with Kyla, Jamie's character, initiates a conversation about their son, whom they suspect is gay. Kyla asserts, "I'm not gay. I'm a woman." Ray asks, "When did that start for you, being a woman?" They reply, "When did you start being a man?" It's a beautiful, smart episode that shows Ray's character overcoming their transphobia.
Arsonists have attacked five Planned Parenthood clinics around the country since last July, wreaking hundreds of thousands of dollars in damage, closing down the facilities, and sowing fear among staff and providers.
Nine months after a blaze erupted inside a Planned Parenthood clinic in Pullman, Washington, Detective Sergeant Jake Opgenorth is left with few leads.
The Pullman arson remains unsolved, as do similar arson attacks at clinics in Illinois, California, and Louisiana.
Here's what a Opgenorth, a Pullman police investigator, believes: Someone, shortly before the attack, got access to a computer in the clinic and disabled the main security camera over the parking lot.
Was the computer hacked remotely? They're not sure.
Opgenorth said surveillance footage from other cameras captured an arsonist hurling a flammable device through a clinic window at 3:30 a.m. on September 4, 2015.
What was the gender of the arsonist? Authorities can't tell.
Opgenorth said they've shipped off the computer hard drive to a crime lab in Quantico, Virginia, where the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is analyzing it for clues. Federal agencies are involved in the Pullman arson because of the history of domestic terrorists targeting abortion providers in the region, FBI Special Agent Frank Harrill told the Spokesman-Review. In 1997, four men were convicted of pipe-bombing a Planned Parenthood clinic in the Spokane Valley, about 75 miles from Pullman.
Meanwhile, a $10,000 reward offered in connection to the Pullman arson has generated no leads, Opgenorth said.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
“We don't have much more,” Opgenorth told Rewire in a recent phone interview.
Arsonists have attacked five Planned Parenthood clinics around the country since last July, wreaking hundreds of thousands of dollars in damage, closing down the facilities—sometimes for months—and sowing fear among staff and providers over safety.
“It doesn't have to burn down a clinic to have a terrifying effect on the people who work there,” said David S. Cohen, law professor at Drexel University and co-author of Living in the Crosshairs: The Untold Stories of Anti-Abortion Terrorism in a phone interview with Rewire.
Even a small blaze, Cohen noted, “sends the message that people are willing to go to extreme measures.”
In the 11 months since the start of the chain of arson attacks, authorities have made one arrest, as Rewire recently reported.
Arson is one of the most difficult major crimes to solve, with arrests occurring in only about one in five arson fires, according to the most recent FBI statistics. Murder, by comparison, has a nearly 65 percent arrest rate. An accounting of four decades of arson attacks by the National Abortion Federation (NAF), which tracks anti-choice violence, shows that only 28 percent of the 192 cases resulted in convictions.
This violence, including the blaze that Opgenorth is investigating in Pullman, has followed in the wake of discredited videos that tried to make it seem as if Planned Parenthood officials unlawfully sold fetal tissue. Multiple state and federal investigations have cleared Planned Parenthood of any wrongdoing.
Five days after the anti-choice front group Center for Medical Progress (CMP) released the first video on July 14, an arsonist struck a Planned Parenthood in Aurora, Illinois. Then came three more videos, and on August 1 an arsonist set fire to a car outside a New Orleans Planned Parenthood construction site. CMP released another five videos before the Pullman attack on September 4, 2015, and released its tenth video before a September 30 firebombing at Planned Parenthood in the California town of Thousand Oaks.
Just last month, an early morning blaze tore through a Modesto, California Planned Parenthood. The fire has also been deemed an arson, a criminal investigator with the Stanislaus County District Attorney's Office told Rewire in an email Thursday.
In this recent wave of arson attacks, authorities have charged one individual: a California man who authorities said fire-bombed the Thousand Oaks Planned Parenthood because their former girlfriend worked there.
Such a climate of hostility isn't new. NAF has reported 11 murders, 26 attempted murders, 42 bombings, and thousands of other incidents at clinics since 1977. Last fall, however, the FBI warned of “an uptick in attacks on reproductive health-care facilities,” and said that arson attacks were “typical of the pro-life extremist movement.” NAF's numbers have supported this; the organization logged 94 death threats in 2015, compared to one the previous year.
“This is an obvious consequence of the smear videos that were released this summer,” Cohen said of the rash of attacks. “It's coming to fruition.”
Indeed, gunman Robert Lewis Dear Jr., who admitted in court to unloading a barrage of bullets at a Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood clinic last November, killing three, defended their actions with the chilling credo: “No more baby parts.”
This April, NAF's analysis of clinic violence revealed disturbing details about a man calling online for a wholesale burning of “murder house[s]” nationwide:
“One person setting fire to an abortion clinic will not do anything but thousands setting fire to an abortion clinic will speak volumes….It is not violent to set a building on fire…If thousands rallied together to set each murder house on fire, we would see the end of abortion…”
Within three months of the man's call to action, the NAF analysis notes, facilities in Washington, Louisiana, California, and Illinois were targeted by acts of arson. NAF turned over information about the man's threats to federal authorities. They were interviewed, but not arrested, NAF president Vicki Saporta told Rewire in a recent phone interview.
They said the organization met in August 2015 and again in February with the U.S. Department of Justice Task Force on Violence Against Health Care Providers, and noted, “I think that when law enforcement aggressively enforces the law, it does act as a deterrent.”
The task force, formed two weeks after the 1998 shooting death of New York physician Barnett Slepian, counts among its responsibilities coordinating national investigations of anti-choice violence.
Even so, determining the degree of involvement by federal agencies, such as the FBI and the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF), in this recent chain of arsons is difficult. Fire Marshal Javan Cross, in Aurora, Illinois, where one of the arsons took place, responded to Rewire's email inquiry by directing a reporter to the ATF, but a spokesperson from the Chicago ATF office told Rewire that its office is not involved.
Brian Garner, a national spokesperson for the ATF, told Rewire that the bureau typically gets involved at the request of state or local authorities.
Meanwhile, the FBI's public information office, responding to Rewire's information request, wrote in an email “while we are unable to address specific cases, the FBI's general practice is to assist our law enforcement partners and we take these matters very seriously.” Local authorities that Rewire reached in New Orleans and Modesto, California, confirmed the FBI's involvement in those arson investigations.
Asked whether law enforcement could be doing more, Saporta offered, “We were hoping they would be more proactive in identifying the threats.” They said that NAF had requested just that, but was told, “no.” They said NAF has hired an outside security firm, and hands over information on the threats it uncovers to law enforcement.
It was through NAF's monitoring that authorities learned of death threats against an executive of StemExpress, a California fetal-tissue procurement firm that once worked with Planned Parenthood. A Washington state man recently pleaded guilty to the charges.
“We do have federal law enforcement's attention and cooperation,” Saporta affirmed.
Still, they note the toll of the violence, saying, “There's a cost to society: In a democratic society, you cannot allow people to use violence to settle political differences. It needs to stop. Enough is really enough.”
Advocacy groups like NARAL Pro-Choice America are increasingly demanding that federal authorities sharpen the focus on anti-choice violence, given the fresh wave of clinic attacks.
“Where is the outrage?” NARAL President Ilyse Hogue asked in an online statement in October following the recent chain of clinic fires.
More than 68,000 supporters have signed NARAL's online petition calling on the Department of Justice to investigate clinic attacks as domestic terrorism across the board. The equality group UltraViolet is advocating for the same, posting its call to action on YouTube. Such a move, advocates hope, would discourage copycats and ensure that officials would give investigating and preventing this violence the same attention as other attacks.
“What we're concerned about is how limited the resources and the scope of the investigations as they currently stand must be, because they are being investigated locally. What we're missing is the ability to investigate across these various attacks for connections,” Shaunna Thomas, UltraViolet co-founder, told the Nation in December 2015.
“Is there a driving connection between all these attacks?” they continued. “Right now, those questions are not being asked.”
Daytona Beach police arrested three men accused of beating up a disabled veteran who tried stopping them from torturing a turtle, according to a WOFL-Channel 35 news report.
Gary Blough, who is a disabled Navy veteran, told FOX 35 their wife and toddler went to get the mail and found the men torturing a turtle, according to the report.
They told them to leave it alone and then tried helping it back to some water. That's when the men started hitting him, they told FOX 35.
Police arrested the three men on charges of aggravated battery and animal cruelty, according to the report.
The man told FOX 35 they had bruises and might have gotten a concussion, but their injuries weren't nearly as bad as the turtle's, which likely died.
Read the full report at www.fox35orlando.com.
sallen@orlandosentinel.com
In the news because of Jihadist overrunning of the city, it has a Jewish history.
(For more topics, see Israel's History - A Picture a Day website)
Jihadi forces overran Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, this week. Analysts explain Mosul's significance as the center of Iraq's oil-rich areas, the gateway for the Sunni radicals to attack Baghdad, and a debacle for the U.S.-supported Iraqi army.
But Mosul also has an ancient history. It was the Biblical city of Nineveh, so large that the Book of Jonah describes it as a "great city of three days journey in breadth."
"Jewish Cobblers Repairing Shoes for Arabs, near Mosul, Mesopotamia" (Iraq) (Credit: Keystone-Mast Collection,
California Museum of Photography at UCR ARTSblock, University of California, Riverside)
The Assyrian King Sennacherib built a massive palace there on the banks of the Tigris River.
We present pictures of Mosul 80 years ago and of Jews of Mosul approximately 100 years ago.
Read here a 2007 account of a Jewish chaplain from the US Army's 101st Airborne who discovered the remnants of Mosul's Jewish community.
Mosul, Iraq, 1932 (Library of Congress)
Mosul and the Tigris in the background, 1932 (Library of Congress)
Sennacherib's castle, Mosul, Iraq, 1932 (Library of Congress) See also here
Join us at our London Megastore on 25th February for our Halo Day - including the launch of our EXCLUSIVE range of T-Shirts!
As Halo Wars 2 launches, we celebrate all things Halo - and give you the chance to be the first to get your hands on our range of Halo exclusives.
Click to see the full range of Forbidden Planet Exclusive Mugs, T-Shirts and more.
Meet The Team: This is a rare chance to meet the developers from Creative Assembly. They will be around between 1:00 and 2:00pm to answer your questions and sign FREE* mini-posters.
Come and chat to Charlie Bewsher (Design Director for Halo Wars 2), Oli Smith (Project Lead on the new Blitz mode), Dan Brewer (Senior Gameplay Designer and star of the “Meet The Designers” video series) and Del Walker (Lead Character Artist)
Demo: Be among the first in the UK to see - and play your music through - the brilliant Master Chief speaker from AC Worldwide.
Win: Complete our fiendish Halo quiz to be in with a chance of winning a great prize bundle, including one of these awesome speakers plus Halo Monopoly, a copy of Halo: Mythos and all four of Forbidden Planet's exclusive Halo T-Shirts!
Demo: Learn to play the Halo: Ground Command Board Game from Spartan Games.
Hail To The Chief: Grab a selfie with Master Chief themselves as they provide our security for the day! And you can see how you look armed with a Halo Battle Rifle too.
See our full range of Halo products here.
* Free posters while stocks last. One per customer.
At their best, the German is a positionally astute centre-back at ease on the ball. But their loss of form is far from the only thing ailing Arsenal defensively
At times this season Arsenal's Premier League campaign has resembled a rust-ridden Victorian water system. Plug a leak here and another drip starts bubbling out over there. Shift the pressure away from one dribbling fissure: there it goes, spurting out at the other end.
The hole where there really ought to be a pair of high-class central midfielders has been effectively bunged at times, not so at others. The absence of Mesut Özil, Aaron Ramsey and Jack Wilshere has been compensated for by excellence elsewhere, most notably Santi Cazorla's fine recent run of form.
The pressure will always out though and the past two weeks have seen a leak in an unexpected place. Per Mertesacker has been steady for Arsenal in the last two seasons: not an eye-catching central defender, but a quiet leader and a rare point of consistency. How much more alarming, then, for Arsène Wenger that the most vitriolic criticism currently should centre on Mertesacker's meekness at vital moments, an embarrassing – and instantly punished – inability to challenge for the high ball, even accusations of outright cowardice in failing to defend crosses more bullishly.
Twice in two weeks the German has been vilified by the combined punditry might of Jamie Carragher and Martin Keown. Just as twice Mertesacker has turned their back on the ball in the lead-up to an opposition goal, most damagingly as Martin Skrtel leapt to power in Liverpool's stirring injury‑time equaliser at Anfield. Certainly, the evidence on Sunday evening was fairly clear: give a retired English centre-half a light pen, a three-minute punditry slot on Match of the Day 2 and a cowering German centre-half and this is only ever going to go one way.
It is a painful, if slightly obvious point of comparison. At Anfield Skrtel had just had the back of their head stapled together. Keown themselves was relentlessly tenacious as a player, as was Carragher, who was equally critical of Mertesacker's inability to lead a callow defence against Stoke. Elsewhere on Sunday afternoon Steven Taylor had just prevented Sunderland from scoring by hurling their face at the post. Look, though, at the cowardly German! Look at them ducking and squirming. As exercises in punditry go this is, let's face it, a bit like shooting a tall, polite, slightly immobile fish in a barrel.
And yet it would perhaps be better to understand a little more and condemn a little less.
Keown, Carragher, Skrtel, Taylor, Mertesacker: one of these players has over 100 international caps and has played at three World Cups. Clue: it is the one who now appears to be afraid of challenging for the ball. The suspicion is that there might just be another explanation for some abject defending beyond simple faintheartedness.
Some have already blamed a disastrous execution of zonal marking. Against Liverpool Mertesacker seemed to be passing the need to challenge for the ball on to another player, a case of the system falling to pieces as players lose their bearings or forget the primary job is still to attack the ball. It looked terrible. But in shrinking back presumably Mertesacker imagined they were clearing the way for a colleague to attack the cross rather than simply realising, 12 years into an elite level professional career, that actually he'd rather concede a goal than have to put up with any physical contact.
This is perhaps part of the issue here. Mertesacker is a confusing player, a defender who suffers from what we might call Crouch's Paradox. Despite being 6ft 6in tall they aren't particularly good at heading the ball unless it falls directly out of the sky on to the top of their head. As with Crouch, the problem is a lack of speed and lateral mobility, just as heading the ball well in open play is a function of spring and explosive power as much as inches (Andy Carroll, a majestic header of the ball, manages to combine both).
Mertesacker has never been mobile.  They are instead a player of craft and quiet intelligence – a brain on stilts.
As a young man their nicknames in the Bundesliga were The Defence Pole (for their slenderness) and Mr Clean (for their lack of bookings), neither of which suggest the kind of boxing-glove-on-a-spring central defender English football has traditionally felt more comfortable with.
Beyond this Mertesacker's best attribute – their positional sense – responds to a settled partnership. There is no doubt Arsenal have missed Laurent Koscielny. This season they have lost only once in the league (to Chelsea) with Koscielny in the team and kept clean sheets in 42% of the games he's played, as opposed to 23% without him. Mertesacker has been most obviously affected. Of the two it is the Frenchman who attacks the ball, on the floor and in the air.
Mertesacker meanwhile brings other qualities: positional sense, strength in the more static clinches, and reliable distribution. In the 2012-13 their pass completion rate of 91.5% was the fourth highest in England's top flight. This season they are up around the 90% mark again. Mertesacker may not have stitches in their head, or a Keown-like ability to balk and block and smother but they are undeniably brave on the ball, where a more wholehearted English-style centre-half will so often resort to the panic-stricken punt into the channels. There is no doubt which kind of bravery – physical or footballing – Wenger prizes most highly.
Yet this is of course a defence that can only go so far. Mertesacker is undoubtedly playing below their best. Which is where the real issue here – lop-sided player recruitment – raises its head once again. The fact is with a single injury, to Koscielny, Wenger has lost the ability to rest or rotate their other senior centre-half. There is nowhere for Mertesacker to go right now.
And just as the real reason Arsenal were defending so deep against 10 men at Anfield was the inability of the midfield to control the tempo or pass Liverpool out of the game, so the humbling of Mertesacker is a case of referred pain, a usually reliable part being stretched to show its weaknesses by failings elsewhere. Mertesacker has never really been a backs-to-the-wall man for the defensive trenches.  They are also vulnerable to periods of poor form now and then. The fact that they are being asked to do the former, while having no respite from the latter is a function of a failure to reinforce, to upgrade and to give a struggling stand-in captain somewhere to hide.
ACLU, Demos, and Project Vote threatened legal action if state failed to act
March 24, 2014
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT: 212-549-2666, media@aclu.org
SACRAMENTO – In a victory for voting rights, the state of California has agreed to mail voter registration cards to nearly 4 million Californians who have signed up for health insurance through the state health exchange, Covered California, and to ensure that Californians who apply for health benefits through the exchange going forward are provided voter registration opportunities. The action is the result of a settlement agreement reached with the ACLU of California, the ACLU's Voting Rights Project, Demos, and Project Vote, which threatened legal action over the state's failure to comply with the National Voter Registration Act and state laws.
"Nearly four million Californians have applied for health insurance for themselves and their families and we applaud that incredible achievement. With this settlement agreement, Covered California will now offer these Californians the chance to register to vote or update their registration. California is on its way to healthier communities and a healthier democracy. It is exactly the result Congress intended when it passed the National Voter Registration Act more than 20 years ago," said Lori Shellenberger, director of the ACLU of California's Voting Rights Project.
The National Voter Registration Act (NVRA) is designed to make it easier for all Americans to register to vote and to maintain their registration. It requires states to make voter registration opportunities available at offices that provide public services, such as the Department of Motor Vehicles and the state health exchanges. Although the enrollment period for Covered California began last October, voter registration has not yet been provided, prompting this possible legal action.
To avoid litigation, Covered California agreed that by no later than the next open enrollment period in the fall of 2014, it will incorporate required voter registration services into all processes by which a consumer engages with Covered California, including online, in person, by mail, and telephone transactions. Immediately, Covered California will do a remedial voter registration mailing to the nearly 4 million people who applied for health benefits since the launch of the Affordable Care Act on October 1, 2013, and it will continue these mailings until there is full compliance.
"Ensuring that all eligible Americans are registered to vote is key to ensuring a robust democracy," said Lisa Danetz, legal director of Demos. "Agency-based registration under the National Voter Registration Act is a critical tool in making voter registration convenient and accessible. California's decision to properly implement the NVRA's requirements for those enrolling through its health benefit exchange should serve as an example for other state-run exchanges around the country. If other states follow, millions more Americans will have the opportunity to join the voting rolls."
Dale Ho, director of the ACLU's national Voting Rights Project, said this settlement is a warning to other states that operate heath exchanges but have failed to provide required voter registration services. Those states include Nevada, Hawaii, Washington, and Washington D.C.
"It's time to end the foot-dragging," Ho said. "States have had months to make voter registration available through their health exchanges. A delay in offering voter registration is a delay for democracy. No more stalling."
"Covered California is committing to comply with the law and fulfill Congress's intent that voter registration services be easily available to individuals while they are seeking government assistance," said Sarah Brannon, director of the Public Agency Voter Registration Program for Project Vote. "Other health benefit exchanges around the country should look to the system Covered California is setting up under the terms of this agreement as a model for how they can effectively comply with the legal requirements of the NVRA."
The ACLU of California, the ACLU's Voting Rights Project, Demos, and Project Vote represented the League of Women Voters of California, Young Invincibles, and several individuals who applied for health care benefits through Covered California.
"Many eligible voters fail to register due to lack of access and opportunity. Offering voter registration to the millions of people enrolling in health care is a simple step toward reaching out to them," said Jennifer A. Waggoner, president of the League of Women Voters of California.
This historic settlement could serve to engage a younger generation in their democracy. "Many young adults are obtaining health insurance for the first time, and this is a great opportunity to both insure young Americans and create a young generation of registered voters," said Tamika Butler, California director of Young Invincibles.
The agreement was approved by the California health benefit exchange board and was signed by Covered California Executive Director Peter Lee and California Secretary of State Debra Bowen.
A first draft of the "tree of life" for the roughly 2.3 million named species of animals, plants, fungi and microbes -- from platypuses to puffballs -- has been released.
A collaborative effort among eleven institutions, the tree depicts the relationships among living things as they diverged from one another over time, tracing back to the beginning of life on Earth more than 3.5 billion years ago.
Tens of thousands of smaller trees have been published over the years for select branches of the tree of life -- some containing upwards of 100,000 species -- but this is the first time those results have been combined into a single tree that encompasses all life. The end result is a digital resource that available free online for anyone to use or edit, much like a "Wikipedia" for evolutionary trees.
"This is the first real attempt to connect the dots and put it all together," said principal investigator Karen Cranston of Duke University. "Think of it as Version 1.0."
The current version of the tree -- along with the underlying data and source code -- is available to browse and download at https://tree.opentreeoflife.org.
It is also described in an article appearing Sept. 18 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Evolutionary trees, branching diagrams that often look like a cross between a candelabra and a subway map, aren't just for figuring out whether aardvarks are more closely related to moles or manatees, or pinpointing a slime mold's closest cousins. Understanding how the millions of species on Earth are related to one another helps scientists discover new drugs, increase crop and livestock yields, and trace the origins and spread of infectious diseases such as HIV, Ebola and influenza.
Rather than build the tree of life from scratch, the researchers pieced it together by compiling thousands of smaller chunks that had already been published online and merging them together into a gigantic "supertree" that encompasses all named species.
The initial draft is based on nearly 500 smaller trees from previously published studies.
To map trees from different sources to the branches and twigs of a single supertree, one of the biggest challenges was simply accounting for the name changes, alternate names, common misspellings and abbreviations for each species. The eastern red bat, for example, is often listed under two scientific names, Lasiurus borealis and Nycteris borealis. Spiny anteaters once shared their scientific name with a group of moray eels.
"Although a massive undertaking in its own right, this draft tree of life represents only a first step," the researchers wrote.
For one, only a tiny fraction of published trees are digitally available.
A survey of more than 7,500 phylogenetic studies published between 2000 and 2012 in more than 100 journals found that only one out of six studies had deposited their data in a digital, downloadable format that the researchers could use.
The vast majority of evolutionary trees are published as PDFs and other image files that are impossible to enter into a database or merge with other trees.
"There's a pretty big gap between the sum of what scientists know about how living things are related, and what's actually available digitally," Cranston said.
As a result, the relationships depicted in some parts of the tree, such as the branches representing the pea and sunflower families, don't always agree with expert opinion.
Other parts of the tree, particularly insects and microbes, remain elusive.
That's because even the most popular online archive of raw genetic sequences -- from which many evolutionary trees are built -- contains DNA data for less than five percent of the tens of millions species estimated to exist on Earth.
"As important as showing what we do know about relationships, this first tree of life is also important in revealing what we don't know," said co-author Douglas Soltis of the University of Florida.
To help fill in the gaps, the team is also developing software that will enable researchers to log on and update and revise the tree as new data come in for the millions of species still being named or discovered.
"It's by no means finished," Cranston said. "It's critically important to share data for already-published and newly-published work if we want to improve the tree."
"Twenty five years ago people said this goal of huge trees was impossible," Soltis said. "The Open Tree of Life is an important starting point that other investigators can now refine and improve for decades to come."
This research was supported by a three-year, $5.76 million grant from the U.S. National Science Foundation (1208809).
Confession time: I didn't even write a birth plan for my first birth. I know, shocking considering the fact that I'm extremely Type A and like to be in control of things. But I was skeptical that anyone would even read it. I was also acutely sensitive to being that mom who was dismissed & made fun of by the nurses for having too prescriptive a plan. I thought that maybe having it all written out would set us off on the wrong foot. And I naively thought I'd be able to remember and communicate my preferences at the time each step came up (I couldn't. Labor requires focus).
But now, I'm not afraid of that anymore. I don't care what the nurses think. Well, that's a lie, I do. I want them to think – okay, I'm not going to mess with this momma, they have an opinion, and won't be pushed around. I demand evidence-based decisions and informed consent, and I'm not going to apologize for that. And actually, the nurse on my hospital tour specifically mentioned that during admission, they'd review our birth plan with us. And then the nurses decide which cases they want to be on, they're not just randomly assigned. So theoretically, going in with a well-laid plan means I'll get a nurse who wants to be a part of that plan.
So, this time around, I wrote a birth plan that requires minimal reading. I also separated it into stages so that it's more digestible.
I posted my plan in a local birth group that I'm in, and everyone immediately wanted a copy that they could use. So, to help other mommas out, I'm providing the plan here so you can edit it to fit your needs.
Download the PPT file so you can customize your own plan
*I recommend printing and cutting out the postpartum newborn care plan and taping it to the inside of the bassinet, so that every nurse can see it. Note that the plan does not contain items that would be pediatrician-related. These things are more likely to be a direct conversation with your pediatrician the morning after your birth.
Everyone has different needs for their birth – so it won't offend me in the least if you just use my format and completely change all of the content because your plan is the opposite of mine. It's a good idea to run your plan by your provider and make sure that they support it, and that you haven't put conflicting information on there. It's also a good opportunity to find out if you're going to butt heads with your hospital… and might make you re-think where you give birth.
——
In case you're interested at all, and doing the research for your own birth plan, here are links to just a fraction of the evidence I've used along the way to make my decisions. Note that a lot of these links have more supporting evidence and links cited at the end of the articles; I've read many of them.
My particular plan includes things that are concerns for me based on my last birth. For example, most might not think it's important to put reminders on there about emptying your bladder before pushing & slowing down when crowning, since these are technically things that you're doing. But you might forget, and your delivery team might let you down.
Obviously, much of your birth plan will flow from how you plan to manage labor pain, and it's obviously a decision each individual has to make based on weighing the effectiveness vs. safety of each option. My goal is to avoid anything that could result in a further cascade of intervention, like an epidural or artificial induction or acceleration of labor. This can be tricky, as I know that an epidural can sometimes prevent a c-section, or sometimes be the cause of it. For example, my own mother received an epidural after they had already been pushing for 2 hours with me, because I was stuck (apparently my family just grows big babies), and if they didn't get help, they aren't going to have the energy to be able to push me out on their own (and they ended up needing to use forceps on me). In that case, it prevented a c-section. On the other hand, an epidural can cause a drop in blood pressure that puts stress on the baby, and can result in a totally unnecessary and avoidable c-section. It's a slippery slope, and every woman has to make the choice that's right for them in the moment – and if things don't go according to your plan, you are not a failure. Don't even think like that. Birth is unpredictable – it's okay to have a plan, and even more okay to adjust that plan if you need to (but it's NOT okay if you're being coerced to change your plan without informed consent).
Ina May's Guide to Childbirth: Seriously, this book is amazing. I've read it at least 6 times, and it taught me so much. Even if you're not planning on having an un-medicated birth, I think it's an important read to understand how birth works, and what types of things can interfere with the process. A little confidence can go a long way for everyone.
At my last hospital, they forced me to be in the bed while I was having back labor so that I could get my initial fetal monitoring strip – being in the bed on my back was painful. Most hospitals are going to require a strip upon admission. But I've cleared it with my new hospital that I'll be able to do it on a ball, and not on the bed. After that, intermittent monitoring will be used every 4 hours. Thankfully, no continuous monitoring like my previous hospital required during the 2nd stage of labor.
During my last birth, a hep-lock was a compromise I had to make; it was just in case I needed it. My new midwife says there's no reason for needing one, as I can receive intramuscular pitocin in the case of postpartum hemorrhage. This was not provided as an option to me previously, so I'm super excited about not needing a needle in my hand, and having another way to manage bleeding.
Since I declined IV fluids, I had to bring my own food & drink to the hospital for my last labor. I'm pumped that my new hospital actually provides food & drink to women during labor! Seriously, how are you supposed to keep your energy up without it?
I plan on at least laboring in water, as taking several showers while I labored at home last time helped immensely. It may or may not end in a waterbirth, depending on how I feel at the time, but I'm glad it's an option for me.
Last time I waited until I was 10 cm before allowing my doctor to break my water – and unfortunately, I did discover a small scratch on my daughter's head from the amnihook. This time, I'm just going to let it happen it when it happens, to avoid any of the risks.
Delayed cord clamping is a huge priority for me, and it's thankfully standard of care at my new hospital. (If you have time, this Ted Talk is great.)
The plan for placental delivery and postpartum hemorrhage is fairly fluid for me, given the fact that I had a major one during my last birth. The main reason cited for this was the fact that I had a large baby; this means it's harder for the uterus to clamp down fast enough. I also think it wasn't helped by the fact that my daughter wasn't able to breastfeed right after birth – without enough oxytocin release, the placenta may not be delivered easily. I've learned that my full bladder was also probably a factor, which is why it's explicitly on my birth plan (women with epidurals have catheters in, and I think my birth team just forgot that I didn't have one). We're prepared for what might happen again, but are not going to preemptively interrupt the natural process of the 3rd stage until and unless it becomes necessary – in which case, most things are fair game. At that point, my baby's out, so I'm not concerned about the effects of pitocin on him.
Regarding newborn care, the World Health Organization has pretty clear guidelines (that many hospitals don't follow). All of the measurements can wait until after the golden hour. We are going to give the vitamin K Shot, but are declining eye ointment. We'll give the Hep B vaccine, but are just delaying it to happen at the pediatrician's office instead of at the hospital; all other vaccines we do on schedule. And I'm a huge believer in protecting a baby's microbiome at birth, so we will be delaying baby's first bath. If for some reason I had an emergency c-section, I'd totally be jumping on board to seed my baby's microbiome in this new way.
My biggest surprise after doing all of my research was that very few maternity providers and hospitals practice evidence-based care. Just another example of how you have to be your own advocate. As long as you put more research into your birth than you do the fancy stroller you registered for, you'll be on the right track. You've got this, momma.
“If you don't know your options, you don't have any.” -Diane Korte
Advertisements
Woo-hoo! The Simpsonsare coming. On St Patrick's Day Homer and Grampa will come home in an episode being broadcast in Ireland ahead of its transmission in the US for the first time in the 20-year history of the show.
In The Name of the Grandfathersees Homer make Grampa's dream of a final beer in a pub in the village of Dunkilderry come true.
Homer is prompted into the out-of-character act of kindness for Abe Simpson after forgetting to join them in the father and son three-legged race at Springfield Retirement Castle's seniors' sports day.
After a scolding by Marge, Homer takes Grampa across the water to O'Flanagan's where they claim to have spent the best night of their life. On arrival, however, the village isn't quite how they remember it.
Father and son inevitably drink too much and end up buying the pub off Tom O'Flanagan, whose voice has been provided by Colm Meaney.
In news which will either be greeted with joy or horror by Fáilte Ireland, the pair also stop off at several Irish landmarks including the Giant's Causeway, the Blarney Castle and, obviously, the Guinness Brewery.
To mark the broadcast, the executive producers of the show Al Jean and James L Brooks, along with Nancy Cartwright, the voice of Bart, will also travel to Ireland for an exclusive screening of the episode while Homer Simpson has been drafted into to edit the March edition of Sky Magazine.
Jean, Brooks and Cartwright are also scheduled to feature in Dublin's St Patrick's Festival Parade and are expected to be on a Simpson's float which is in the process of being hastily assembled.
The Simpsonsis the longest-running primetime animated series ever and the longest-running comedy series in television history. With countless awards to its name, the show has become legendary for its sharp humour and unparalleled celebrity guest list over the years.
The episode will be broadcast on Sky1 and Sky1 HD St Patrick's Day, Tuesday 17th March at 7.30pm.
Holy crap, I am so excited to share this anchor submission with you all! It's awesome jive-assery of the “over-engineered macrame project” variety (my favorite style). Beyond that it's just bizarre. It's from the Ouray Ice Park (hard to believe, I know) and the photos were submitted by Kent Bailey, who was visiting the park for the first time. Kent calls this beast “The Bow Tie”, which is aptly named, as you can see.
As you can see, this is a redundant two point anchors. One anchor point is that simple loop of rope tied around the left tree with a knot I can't quite identify. Here is a closer view. Any ideas anyone?
That knot on the left edge of the photo: it doesn't quite look like a bowline. Not sure what it is. At any rate, here is a third photo from another angle:
Let's move onto the second anchor point of this redundant anchor. It appears to be the load end of that elaborate spiderweb of rope wrapped around the two trees and tied up in a bow. You can see it better in figure 1. Yep. Looks like that'll hold. I think it'll hold. Which brings us to the question–to the elephant in the room as it were: why are those two trees bound together with that macrame project of rope? Is the idea to keep one of them from uprooting and getting yanked down the ice wall? They seem like pretty stout trees to me. Is this intended to be an art installation? In the end it really doesn't look all that dangerous. It's just…well…bizarre. I really don't get it. I think Kent put it best when they wrote “I'm not really sure what all is really going on in this anchor.” My thoughts exactly, Kent. This is Jive-Ass Gold!
Location: Ouray Ice Park, Ouray, Colorado, USA
Advertisements
Physicists have found yet another reason to doubt recent reports of neutrinos traveling faster than light. The existence of such speedy particles would screw up not only Einstein's theory of special relativity, but also the laws of conservation of energy and momentum.
In September, the OPERA experiment reported clocking neutrinos traveling faster than the speed of light, arriving 60 nanoseconds early on their 730-kilometer journey between the European laboratory CERN, near Geneva, and the Gran Sasso National Laboratory in Italy. To try to explain the result, two new studies examined the particles that give birth to neutrinos. Both found that these particles, called pions, could not possibly have had enough energy to give rise to the faster-than-light, or superluminal, speeds indicated by OPERA.
“We give a clear constraint on the superluminality of neutrinos,” says Xiaojun Bi, a particle astrophysicist at the Chinese Academy of Sciences&rsquo
The federal opposition says the Rudd government's asylum seeker resettlement deal with Nauru has fallen apart in less than 48 hours.
Coalition immigration spokesperson Scott Morrison has seized on a report in which Nauru appears to cast doubt on the resettlement deal Prime Minister Kevin Rudd signed with their Nauru counterpart on Saturday.
Under the deal, similar to Labor's hardline agreement with Papua New Guinea, asylum seekers who arrive in Australia by boat will be processed in Nauru and those found to be genuine refugees may be resettled there.
But a spokesperson for Nauru has told Fairfax Media that none of the asylum seekers will get citizenship or be considered permanent residents.
"These people are coming here and they will be staying here and in transit," Nauru's official spokesperson, Joanna Olsen, told Fairfax.
NAIROBI (Reuters) - Back-to-back explosions killed at least 10 people in a packed Nairobi market on Friday, extending a spate of attacks that have piled pressure on the government and spurred Britain and other Western nations to warn citizens about travelling to Kenya.
Kenyan police officers keep guard at the scene of a twin explosion at the Gikomba open-air market for second-hand clothes in Kenya's capital Nairobi May 16, 2014. REUTERS/Noor Khamis
Close to 70 people were wounded in the two blasts, Kenya's National Disaster Operations Centre (NDOC) said, and the Kenya Red Cross appealed for blood donations to help the injured.
One explosion struck a minibus taxi, shattering the windows and flattening its tires. It was near a market best known for selling second-hand clothes from wooden stalls with corrugated iron roofs. The second blast occurred near the same market.
Outside the blood-spattered minibus, clothes littered a street that had been bustling with shoppers earlier in the day.
“I saw the explosion. People were running in all directions,” a woman at the scene told journalists. “I know some of the people who died.”
Nairobi County Police Commander Benson Kibui told journalists that one suspect was arrested near the market and another was detained elsewhere, without giving details.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility.
In the past such attacks have been widely blamed on the Somali Islamist militant group al Shabaab, which wants Kenyan troops out of Somalia. In September, gunmen from the group killed 67 people in an raid on a Nairobi shopping mall.
Kenya, an important Western regional ally, has suffered a string of bomb and gun attacks since its troops entered Somalia to battle al Shabaab, which had carried out cross-border raids and kidnappings in Kenya.
Many of the attacks have been along Kenya's Indian Ocean coast, including the port of Mombasa, a tourist favorite. Some others have been in Nairobi, mainly near the Somali-populated Eastleigh district. Friday's blasts were close to Eastleigh.
Tourism in the east African nation had already been damaged by kidnappings by Somali pirates in the north near the Somali border, though that threat has subsided over the past 18 months.
Kenyan authorities had hoped for a respite to rebuild the struggling industry.
One immediate commercial victim of Friday's bombings was a regional telecoms conference, East African Com, due to be held in Nairobi next week. Organizers said security worries forced it to cancel the meeting, which attracts top industry executives.
TOURISTS LEAVE
The latest blasts came a day after Kenya rebuked Britain, the United States, France and Australia for issuing travel warnings. Hundreds of tourists have left resorts on the Indian Ocean coast ahead of schedule as a result.
“Yesterday night, 282 tourists flew out and today 300 more are going away,” Sam Ikwaye, of the Kenya Hotel Keepers and Caterers, told Reuters in Mombasa, one of several areas the British government said tourists should avoid or leave.
Diplomats have privately said Kenya's security forces have been hampered in their work by inter-agency rivalries in the past and also say the government has not done enough to reassure Kenyans and others that it is stepping up security in the wake of the Nairobi Westgate shopping mall assault.
The government says it has not been credited for all the attacks it says it has foiled, but instead is criticized for the few that get through.
President Uhuru Kenyatta urged Kenyans to help the government in its battle against “terrorism” and dismissed the Western travel warnings as steps that “only strengthen the will of terrorists” instead of helping Kenya defeat them.
“Terrorism is not an evil that was born in Kenya. Terrorism is a worldwide phenomenon,” Kenyatta told a previously planned news conference held soon after the latest explosions.
Slideshow (5 Images)
Kibui said the blasts were caused by a Improvised Explosive Device (IED), a reference to a hand-made bomb.
Seven people were killed two weeks ago when explosions struck Nairobi and Mombasa.
Now that Rick Santorum has dropped out of the Republican primary, the long-anticipated election showdown between Mitt Romney and Barack Obama is beginning to heat up. And one thing is becoming clear even at this early stage: The 2012 presidential race, between a Mormon Republican and a Christian Democrat, is shaping up to be one of the most Jewish elections in American history.
Yes, you read that right.
We've had very Jewish elections before, perhaps none more than 2000, when Joe Lieberman was on the Democratic ballot as vice president. That race also featured the spectacle of South Floridian bubbes and zaydes who thought that they might have voted for Pat Buchanan over Al Gore because of the infamous “butterfly ballot.”
At least so far in 2012, there are no Jewish candidates on either major ticket. But this year, the involvement of Jews in all elements of the political process, combined with increased Jewish confidence and security as a community, is manifesting itself on the political stage—most notably, on both sides of the political aisle. These factors, as well as the potential for Mitt Romney to take advantage of President Obama's rough patches with Israel to peel away some of their Jewish support, have made the Jewish role in the 2012 election more prominent than in any previous race.
***
Though Jews seem to be everywhere in politics these days—as candidates, strategists, officials, fundraisers, commentators, and more—the high level of Jewish involvement in national politics would have been unfathomable in the 19th century. In 1813, for example, President Madison appointed Mordecai Manuel Noah as U.S. consul to Tunis, only to have the Islamic government there object to having a Jew in the role (so much for the idea that Islamic anti-Semitism is a post-Israel phenomenon). The State Department, headed by future president James Monroe, acceded to the request, and Madison blamed the recall on “the ascertained prejudice of the Turks against their Religion.” It would be 40 years before there was another equally prominent Jewish appointee in the form of Democratic fundraiser August Belmont, whom Franklin Pierce named U.S. minister to The Hague in 1853.
Jews did emerge in presidential politics during the Civil War—but not in a positive way. In 1862, Gen. Ulysses S. Grant's infamous General Orders No. 11 expelled Jews from the Department of the Tennessee, an area under Union Army Control. A delegation of Jews lobbied President Abraham Lincoln to rescind the order, a request that the president quickly granted. Yet the order became even more relevant when Grant ran for president in 1868. Grant's candidacy presented a real challenge to American Jews, who, for the first time, faced the question of whether to cast their votes as Jews or as Americans. As a result, Grant had to reach out to Jews in unprecedented ways for a presidential candidate. As president, they delivered: Grant was the first president to attend a synagogue dedication and, later, the first one to visit Palestine. They also appointed more Jews to their administration than had any other president.
Even so, Jews still faced a glass ceiling for the remainder of the 19th century, with a number of Jews serving in ambassadorial positions, but none attaining Cabinet rank.
The Jews broke through in the 20th century, when Theodore Roosevelt named Oscar Straus to be Secretary of Commerce, making Straus the first Jewish Cabinet secretary. William Howard Taft became the first president to invite a Jew—Sears President Julius Rosenwald—to dinner at the White House in 1912. In addition, 1920 GOP candidate Warren G. Harding benefited from a campaign song written and performed by the Jewish entertainer Al Jolson, titled “Harding, You're the Man for Us.”
Despite these groundbreaking steps taken by Republican presidents, for the most part Jews have been an assumed part of the Democratic coalition since Franklin Roosevelt built their New Deal majorities. Furthermore, widespread Jewish acceptance into mainstream society following World War II meant that Jews were becoming more involved in politics, but mainly on one side of the aisle. This imbalance meant that Democrats could take Jewish votes for granted in national elections, while Republicans could run for president, and even secure the GOP nomination, without much need for or hope of Jewish electoral support.
Over the last century, no GOP candidate has won the majority of the Jewish vote, although Harding—perhaps thanks to Al Jolson—did secure a plurality in 1920. Democrats have won, without fail, the Jewish vote in every election since FDR. Yes, Ronald Reagan was able to get 39 percent of the Jewish vote in 1980—but 16 percent went to third-party candidate John Anderson, leaving Carter with only 45 percent.
***
In 2008, Barack Obama won 78 percent of the Jewish vote—just one percentage point lower than the 79 percent Al Gore received in 2000, when they had a Jewish running mate. Peter Beinart, a Jewish critic of Israel, recently came out with a book in which they attribute Obama's Israel policy and general worldview to Jewish influences—going so far as to call Obama America's first Jewish president. This may be a bit of a stretch, but it's certainly the case that the president has had a number of high-profile Jewish events, including the first White House Passover Seder, and appointed a number of Jews to senior positions. Obama's first chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, was Jewish. Obama's second chief of staff, Bill Daley, wasn't—and they did not work out so well. In January, Obama replaced Daley with Jack Lew, who is not only Jewish but Orthodox to boot. David Axelrod, the Obama campaign's chief strategist, is also Jewish, and Obama shows no signs of replacing them with a non-Semitic alternative.
Despite these overt and symbolic nods, over the past four years, President Obama's relations with Israel have increasingly become the subject of intense debate inside and outside the Jewish community. Obama's given everyone—particularly the Republicans—a lot of material on this subject, with their refusal to take a picture with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in March 2010; their hot-mic criticism in November 2011 of Netanyahu during discussions with French President Nicolas Sarkozy; and their orchestrated rebuke of Israel after Vice President Joe Biden's visit to Jerusalem in early 2010. It is not surprising that Jews obsess endlessly about the state of the relationship between the United States and Israel, but the mainstream media have been following this question just as closely this time around.
Continue reading: Chutzpahs Heard ‘Round the World
The Obama campaign is apparently well aware of the discontent in the Jewish community regarding Obama's positions on Israel—perhaps one of the reasons behind the president's talk yesterday at the Holocaust Museum. Former New York City Mayor Ed Koch has been a bellwether voter in years past, with a tendency to desert the Democrats when concerns about Israel outweigh domestic political considerations. After Koch noisily backed Republican Bob Turner in the New York race to replace disgraced Congressman Anthony Weiner in order to send a message to the White House, the Obama Administration put on a full court press to secure Koch's support, including a personal meeting with Obama and an invitation to a state dinner. While this effort moved Koch from opponent to supporter, at least for now, it is too costly an approach to employ on every disaffected Jewish voter. (The poll numbers show that there is at least some disaffection: A February Pew poll found that “Even Jewish voters, who have traditionally been and remain one of the strongest Democratic constituencies, have moved noticeably in the Republican direction.” A more recent poll shows that 62 percent of Jews would back Obama in November—an improvement, but still lower than what they received in 2008.)
Jews have also found themselves in the middle of some recent, broader campaign missteps as well. Hilary Rosen, the Democratic strategist who said earlier this month on CNN that Ann Romney “never worked a day in their life,” is Jewish. So is Danielle Gilbert, the DNC aide who caused a kerfuffle with the discovery of their Facebook posts that showed them and their girlfriends holding wads of cash and calling themselves “Jewbags.” Gilbert was hired by Jewish DNC head Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who declared that they would stand by Gilbert, the daughter of Mark and Nancy Gilbert, important Democratic fundraisers.
Of course, it is not surprising to have Jews a major part of the conversation on the Democratic side of the aisle. Democrats typically can count on at least 75 percent of the Jewish vote, and Jewish money, much of it from Wall Street and Hollywood, is crucial to funding the Democratic Party. Furthermore, 13 of the 53 senators who caucus with the Democrats are Jewish—almost 25 percent. Two of those 53 senators are Independents, both of whom are Jewish. There are 26 Jewish members of Congress. Twenty-five of them are Democrats. (The one who isn't, Eric Cantor, is the House Majority Leader.)
So, why is this year different from all other years? In how much the Republican conversation has focused on Jews as well. Newt Gingrich made a splash in the Jewish world—and everywhere else—thanks to Jewish billionaire Sheldon Adelson and Adelson's Israeli-born wife, who single-handedly allowed Gingrich to stay in the race months after they seemed to have run their course. Adelson and their family kicked in over $16 million to help a pro-Gingrich SuperPac, which led to Adelson profiles in the New York Times and The New Yorker, among other publications. The running theme in the profiles was how Adelson's support for Gingrich would potentially influence Gingrich's already hawkish pro-Israel views.
Texas Gov. Rick Perry, who may have been the least Jewish candidate ever on Lenny Bruce's famous Jewish v. Goyish scale, held a fundraiser in New York specifically targeted at reaching out to Orthodox Jews. Yet, it was another highly goyish candidate—the staunchly pro-Israel Tea Party Republican Michele Bachmann—who tried to use the word “chutzpah” in a Fox News appearance. Suffice it to say, it didn't go well, and the choots-pah clip flew around the Web.
As for the GOP candidate, Mitt Romney has busted out the “ch” word as well, accusing Joe Biden of chutzpah for criticizing Romney on the economy. Biden, for their part, has said that Romney has chutzpah for calling Obama “out of touch.” Both men got the pronunciation mostly right—or at least more right than Bachmann.
Romney has also declared that their first foreign trip as president would be to Israel. The New York Times recently ran a front-page story on the decades-long friendship between Romney and Israeli Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu, who met at the Boston Consulting Group back in 1976. The article showed how Netanyahu has influenced Romney on a number of issues, and not just with respect to the Middle East. John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador the United Nations, has joked that the friendship between the two means that Netanyahu could expect to get at least a sandwich and a cup of coffee from a Romney White House, a reference to the time that Obama left Netanyahu and their team alone in the White House while they went off to get dinner without the Israeli leader.
There are a number of reasons why the Jewish community gets so much attention in a nation that is about 98 percent not Jewish. Part of this stems from a strong Jewish presence in key election battleground states such as Ohio and Florida, as well as Jewish involvement in the political, fundraising, and media worlds. But it is also a testament to this country—the way it not only welcomes immigrant groups but also folds them into the fabric of American life, while allowing them to maintain what makes them distinctive. As the great Daniel Boorstin wrote in 1953 in The Genius of American Politics, outside religions such as Judaism and Catholicism, “while accepting the moral premises of the community, can still try to judge the community by some standard outside its own history. But even these religions often take a peculiar American complexion and tend toward validating themselves by their accord with things as they are.”
It is unclear at this point how much the Jewish vote itself will shape the election come fall, or what the final outcome will be. But, as Boorstin suggested, the American Jewish community will continue to both seek validation through the electoral process, and provide validation to the country as a whole. And through their outsized role in multiple aspects of the presidential campaigns unfolding before us, Jews will continue to shape the race.
***
Like this article? Sign up for our Daily Digest to get Tablet Magazine's new content in your inbox each morning.
Tevi Troy is a presidential historian and former White House aide.  They are the author of the new book Shall We Wake the President? Two Centuries of Disaster Management from the Oval Office.
It's been quite while since I posted a little piece about Bayesian probability. That one and the others that followed it (here and here) proved to be surprisingly popular so I've been planning to add a few more posts whenever I could find the time. Today I find myself in the office after spending the morning helping out with a very busy UCAS visit day, and it's raining, so I thought I'd take the opportunity to write something before going home. I think I'll do a short introduction to a topic I want to do a more technical treatment of in due course.
A particularly important feature of Bayesian reasoning is that it gives precise motivation to things that we are generally taught as rules of thumb. The most important of these is Ockham's Razor. This famous principle of intellectual economy is variously presented in Latin as Pluralites non est ponenda sine necessitate or Entia non sunt multiplicanda praetor necessitatem. Either way, it means basically the same thing: the simplest theory which fits the data should be preferred.
William of Ockham, to whom this dictum is attributed, was an English Scholastic philosopher (probably) born at Ockham in Surrey in 1280. They joined the Franciscan order around 1300 and ended up studying theology in Oxford. They seem to have been an outspoken character, and was in fact summoned to Avignon in 1323 to account for their alleged heresies in front of the Pope, and was subsequently confined to a monastery from 1324 to 1328. They died in 1349.
In the framework of Bayesian inductive inference, it is possible to give precise reasons for adopting Ockham's razor. To take a simple example, suppose we want to fit a curve to some data. In the presence of noise (or experimental error) which is inevitable, there is bound to be some sort of trade-off between goodness-of-fit and simplicity. If there is a lot of noise then a simple model is better: there is no point in trying to reproduce every bump and wiggle in the data with a new parameter or physical law because such features are likely to be features of the noise rather than the signal. On the other hand if there is very little noise, every feature in the data is real and your theory fails if it can't explain it.
To go a bit further it is helpful to consider what happens when we generalize one theory by adding to it some extra parameters. Suppose we begin with a very simple theory, just involving one parameter , but we fear it may not fit the data. We therefore add a couple more parameters, say and . These might be the coefficients of a polynomial fit, for example: the first model might be straight line (with fixed intercept), the second a cubic. We don't know the appropriate numerical values for the parameters at the outset, so we must infer them by comparison with the available data.
Quantities such as , and are usually called “floating” parameters; there are as many as a dozen of these in the standard Big Bang model, for example.
Obviously, having three degrees of freedom with which to describe the data should enable one to get a closer fit than is possible with just one. The greater flexibility within the general theory can be exploited to match the measurements more closely than the original. In other words, such a model can improve the likelihood, i.e. the probability of the obtained data arising (given the noise statistics – presumed known) if the signal is described by whatever model we have in mind.
But Bayes' theorem tells us that there is a price to be paid for this flexibility, in that each new parameter has to have a prior probability assigned to it. This probability will generally be smeared out over a range of values where the experimental results (contained in the likelihood) subsequently show that the parameters don't lie. Even if the extra parameters allow a better fit to the data, this dilution of the prior probability may result in the posterior probability being lower for the generalized theory than the simple one. The more parameters are involved, the bigger the space of prior possibilities for their values, and the harder it is for the improved likelihood to win out. Arbitrarily complicated theories are simply improbable. The best theory is the most probable one, i.e. the one for which the product of likelihood and prior is largest.
To give a more quantitative illustration of this consider a given model which has a set of floating parameters represented as a vector ; in a sense each choice of parameters represents a different model or, more precisely, a member of the family of models labelled .
Now assume we have some data and can consequently form a likelihood function . In Bayesian reasoning we have to assign a prior probability to the parameters of the model which, if we're being honest, we should do in advance of making any measurements!
The interesting thing to look at now is not the best-fitting choice of model parameters but the extent to which the data support the model in general. This is encoded in a sort of average of likelihood over the prior probability space:
This is just the normalizing constant usually found in statements of Bayes' theorem which, in this context, takes the form
In statistical mechanics things like are usually called partition functions, but in this setting is called the evidence, and it is used to form the so-called Bayes Factor, used in a technique known as Bayesian model selection of which more anon….
The usefulness of the Bayesian evidence emerges when we ask the question whether our parameters are sufficient to get a reasonable fit to the data. Should we add another one to improve things a bit further? And why not another one after that? When should we stop?
The answer is that although adding an extra degree of freedom can increase the first term in the integral defining (the likelihood), it also imposes a penalty in the second factor, the prior, because the more parameters the more smeared out the prior probability must be. If the improvement in fit is marginal and/or the data are noisy, then the second factor wins and the evidence for a model with parameters lower than that for the -parameter version. Ockham's razor has done its job.
This is a satisfying result that is in nice accord with common sense. But I think it goes much further than that. Many modern-day physicists are obsessed with the idea of a “Theory of Everything” (or TOE). Such a theory would entail the unification of all physical theories – all laws of Nature, if you like – into a single principle. An equally accurate description would then be available, in a single formula, of phenomena that are currently described by distinct theories with separate sets of parameters. Instead of textbooks on mechanics, quantum theory, gravity, electromagnetism, and so on, physics students would need just one book.
The physicist Stephen Hawking has described the quest for a TOE as like trying to read the Mind of God. I think that is silly. If a TOE is every constructed it will be the most economical available description of the Universe. Not the Mind of God. Just the best way we have of saving paper.
Advertisements
I had already prepared myself for the disappointment of La La Land beating out Moonlight for the Academy Award for best movie. I saw both movies and thought Moonlight was superior in all the ways that matter to me—strong characters, powerful storytelling, and emotional impact. But Hollywood loves itself above all things, and I was prepared for another Crash versus Brokeback Mountain train wreck.
When La La Land was initially declared the winner, I simply shrugged and started shutting everything down for the night. It was only by circumstance that I powered down my computer first and still had the television on when the mistake was revealed. It was a happy surprise to me that Moonlight won, and I just wanted to take a moment to recommend anybody who identifies as a libertarian to go so the movie if they haven't yet.
If I were to describe a movie as being about a young gay black man coming of age in an extremely poor Miami neighborhood surrounded by drug culture, violence, and bullies, it may be a natural inclination to expect something very preachy and full of "Something must be done about this!" messages.
That's not Moonlight. What makes Moonlight work is that it's almost the exact opposite. It throws the viewer into the life of young protagonist Chiron and has the confidence to let us come to terms with the combination of awfulness and hopefulness of their experiences. It's a deeply personal story informed by the real world experiences of the two men behind it.
What does this have to do with libertarianism? Government institutions are shown as failing Chiron, and there's no effort to present these systems as part of the solution. School does nothing to protect him. And when they finally act out in frustration when the violent bullying becomes too much, they find the criminal justice system ready to come crashing down on him.
There is no lecturing about this institutional failure. It's presented as a lived-in experience. The story of Moonlight trusts the viewer to understand its deeper meaning. It's not complicated, but it is subtle. That the time jump between teen Chiron and adult Chiron includes a prison stint is handled almost like an aside.
But the movie is far from hopeless, and it's not a tragedy. This is not Brokeback Mountain recast in an urban setting during the crack epidemic. It's challenging and at times very difficult to watch play out (particularly if you were, for disclosure's sake, a gay man who also grew up dirt poor in Florida and had a mother with drug issues), but Chiron does find a path that suggests a way toward personal happiness even as it embeds them further into a life operating through some shadowy options (I'm trying not to spoil too much).
Consider Moonlight to be the film equivalent of the personal stories Reason shares about those who have been granted mercy from harsh mandatory minimum sentences. When we look at the cruelty of the drug war, the use of police in schools, and the failures of prohibition and their disparate impact on minorities, it's easy to want to throw out data and just hope that makes an impression. Moonlight attaches it all to a story and invites the audience to live through the consequences of this harsh dynamic partly created by government officials (at the demand of their constituencies) without judging them and putting them on the defensive. The movie illustrates a fight for self-determination and personal happiness in a harsh environment where authority is stacked against the protagonist—something every libertarian should be able to identify with.
JAKARTA, Indonesia — Foreign Affairs Minister Stephane Dion said the Canadian government “is deeply dismayed and shocked” by an Indonesian Supreme Court decision to overturn the acquittal of Canadian schoolteacher Neil Bantleman.
In its decision, the high court also ordered both Bantleman and an Indonesian teaching assistant to serve 11 years in prison instead of the 10 years they initially received for sexually abusing three young children at a prestigious international school in Jakarta.
Bantleman and Ferdinant Tijong were sentenced in April 2015 but maintained their innocence and filed appeals to the High Court, which acquitted them last August.
Supreme Court spokesperson Suhadi said a three-member judge panel handed down its verdict on Wednesday based on the prosecutors' appeal.
“The judge panel concluded that the defendants were proven to have violated the 2007 Child Protection Law,” said Suhadi, who uses a single name. “It did not only reinstate the District Court's verdict but also lengthened the sentence to 11 years.”
The pair were also ordered to pay a $7,440 fine each or to serve six more months in jail.
Under Indonesian law, both Bantleman and Tijong still could challenge the sentence by filing for judicial review by the Supreme Court if they have new evidence.
“This decision is unjust, given the many grave irregularities throughout the various proceedings in this case and the fact that all evidence presented by the defence has systematically been rejected,” Dion said in a statement early Thursday.
They say Bantleman and Tijong “were not provided the opportunity to demonstrate their innocence, and despite Canada's repeated calls for due process, they added,”this case was not handled in a fair and transparent manner.“
Dion also warned that the outcome of this case has “serious implications for Indonesia's reputation as a safe place for Canadians to work, travel and invest as well as for Canada's long history of co-operation with Indonesia.”
Dion said Canada would continue to raise the case of Bantleman at the highest levels while Canadian officials continue to provide consular assistance to Bantleman.
Bantleman's brother Guy told Global News that the news came as a shock and that the family was “fairly confident” they were going to see the acquittal upheld and their brother returned to Canada.
Speaking from Burlington, Ont., Guy Bantleman said they would now try to determine the next steps in terms of Neil turning themselves over to authorities again.
Chandra Saptaji, head of the general crime section at the South Jakarta Prosecutors' Office, said Tijong was taken from their house early in the day and was now serving their sentence at the Cipinang Prison in eastern Jakarta.
“We are still looking for Bantleman, who is actually under a ban to leave the country,” Saptaji said. “Hopefully, they are co-operative and complying with Indonesia law.”
U.S. Ambassador Robert O. Blake also expressed disappointment over the verdict, saying the outcome of the legal process will impact international views about the rule of law in Indonesia.
“We are shocked and disappointed by the decision announced by the Supreme Court to sentence two international school teachers,” Blake said in a statement. “It is not clear what evidence the Supreme Court used to overturn the High Court's decision.”
Bantleman and Tijong worked at the Jakarta International School, which is now called the Jakarta Intercultural School.
Children of foreign diplomats, expatriates and Indonesia's elite attend the school, which has 2,400 students aged three to 18 from about 60 countries. The school's principal and a number of other teachers have said they believe Bantleman is innocent.
Last December, five janitors at the school who were arrested in the same case were sentenced to up to eight years in jail. Police said a sixth suspect in that group committed suicide.
With files from The Associated Press
I don't know about you, but I have quite a few editions of “Halloween” and apparently I haven't learned my lesson because I'm ready to buy another one. On one hand I should be ashamed of myself, but on the other hand…35th Anniversary Blu-Ray edition of John Carpenter's “Halloween“. Yeah… I have no willpower.
Anchor Bay is working on a 35th Anniversary Edition of “Halloween” that'll come to blu-ray later this year. On the Halloween Facebook page it was revealed that John Carpenter and Jamie Lee Curtis had reunited for some special features on the blu-ray. Carpenter themselves later announced that the reunion was to create a new commentary for the upcoming blu-ray release.
Anchor Bay has confirmed the upcoming blu-ray with Arrow in the Head and promises more details to come in the near future.
So what do you think? Excited about another edition of “Halloween“? What sort of special features would you like to see this time around?
"Seriously?"
President Obama's ugly beige suit has quickly gone from stupid joke — “The president stands squarely behind the decision they made yesterday to wear their summer suit,” the White House press secretary said today — to stupid faux controversy thanks to who else but Long Island Republican Representative Peter King. “There's no way, I don't think, any of us can excuse what the president did yesterday. I mean, you have the world watching,” said King on right-wing internet TV today.
“For them to walk out — I'm not trying to be trivial here — in a light suit, a light tan suit, saying that first they want to talk about what most Americans care about, and they said that's the revision of second quarter numbers on the economy,” King continued, operating at Peak Peter King. “This is a week after Jim Foley was beheaded, and he's trying to act like, you know, real Americans care about the economy, not about ISIS and not about terrorism. And then they go on to say that they have no strategy.”
Peter King, it should be noted, has been known to wear a tan suit:
Standing with Gerry Adams, no less!!! RT @danmericaCNN: Peter King in a tan sport coat. pic.twitter.com/gNvncegtHd — Lis Smith (@Lis_Smith) August 29, 2014
Then again, these were pre-9/11, and Peter King has never discussed much of substance, so their point may still stand.
Is an expensive college degree always the path to success? This weekend's “Huckabee Special: Where's My Job?” tackled the debate over pricey degrees versus skilled labor jobs. Host of Discovery Channel's “Dirty Jobs,” Mike Rowe, joined Governor Mike Huckabee to discuss the college narrative that has resulted in a record amount of student loan debt.
5 Signs Your Boss Doesn't Like You
Their foundation called Mike Rowe Works aims to train young people for well-paying jobs in skilled labor. Rowe said, “Not all knowledge comes from college.”
When it comes to topics like the skills gap to unemployment, Rowe said, “These things are symptoms, in my opinion, of a bigger problem and that's our relationship with work.”
The single worst piece of advice Rowe said they ever received was in high school, written on a poster that reads, “Work smart not hard.”
Time Magazine's 'Childfree Life' Controversy: What Message Does It Send?
Their foundation has redesigned the poster to read, “Work smart and hard.” They explained, “The argument is really simple. If you took the advice of ‘work smart not hard,” you really do believe you can separate hard work from success.”
That attitude is what's missing, Rowe said. “I don't care if you work for McDonald's. […] If you show up early, if you stay late, if you volunteer for the hard stuff, you're going run that organization.”
Huckabee said, “I think we've almost diminished the importance of people who do work with their hands. […] When I'm sitting on an airplane and it has a mechanical problem, I'm much more excited to see an A & P certified mechanic than I am to see a history major.”
Rowe added, “It's not about this is bad or this is good. This is a skills gap. […] It's another inconvenient piece of the narrative that nobody ever talks about. There are three million jobs available right now. Companies like Caterpillar are struggling to find, for instance, heavy equipment mechanics.”
The bottom line, Rowe said is that, “We are lending money we don't have to kids who can't pay it back to train them for jobs that no longer exist. That's nuts.”
Watch the clip above to hear Rowe's advice for the president. Plus, check out the debate below from the 'Huckabee Special: Where's My Job?' on unions.
'Is This the Best Way to Spend Congress' Time?' Chris Wallace Presses Eric Cantor on GOP Agenda
Pochettino: Spurs have no plans to sign a centre-back after Jan Vertonghen's injury
Tottenham head coach Mauricio Pochettino (Mike Egerton/PA Wire) EMPICS Sport
Mauricio Pochettino says Tottenham has no plans to sign another centre-back after losing Jan Vertonghen to injury, and they believe 18-year-old Cameron Carter-Vickers can step up and play for the first team if necessary.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Vertonghen suffered knee ligament damage during Spurs' 3-1 victory at Crystal Palace on Saturday, and there is time to recruit a replacement before the January transfer window closes on Monday night.
But Pochettino said: “We have a lot of players in defensive positions that can play. We have another youngster from the academy, Cameron Carter-Vickers.
“He's young but they have enough quality and he's been training with us from the beginning of the season and playing with the Under-21s.
“I think it's a good opportunity [for him] to stay with us now more consistently. I don't expect to [sign a player to] cover Jan Vertonghen, I think we have enough players to cover their injury.”
As usual, Pochettino declined to discuss the players who have been linked with Spurs, including West Brom striker Saido Berahino and Fulham forward Moussa Dembele, while they gave short shrift to the suggestions that Chelsea are interested in making them their new permanent manager in the summer.
“It's the same rumours as about the players,” they said. “There are a lot of names now in the media – the facility to manage different clubs in the future. My focus is here, trying to achieve success with Tottenham and working hard.
“I think I've explained in the last press conference, I always work for the present and for the future. I am very happy here.
“After 18 months we have created a very good group and we've set a very good basis to get success in the future. I am very happy. My job is to be focused on my job and not hear rumours, only to be focused on my job – this is the most important thing.”
Asked if the speculation bothers him, Pochettino said: “I don't mind. We are exposed to receive the rumours and we are in a media where everything is about rumours sometimes. I don't care about that.”
Someone who has left Tottenham this week is Andros Townsend, who completed a £12million move to Newcastle on Wednesday.
“I think it was important for them to try to find the club that gives them the facility to play consistently in the Premier League,” said Pochettino. “That facility wasn't here but we keep a very good relationship.
“Players need to play and here we have different players and maybe they aren't my first choice. It's normal that players always want to play and have the chance to join another club, and the club believes it was a good deal. We only want to wish them all the best in their new project, at their new club.”
Midfielder Mousa Dembele will seemingly not be departing any time soon after signing a new contract today (Friday), which ties them to Spurs until 2019.
“It's very good news for us, and for the club and for him,” said Pochettino. “We are happy that they have extended their contract. He's a great player with great quality and I think he's one of the important players for us and we're all happy they will be staying with us.
“We need to review the history a little bit. I think maybe they were injured from the beginning [of last season], they had different problems, but the circumstances are always different.
“It's true they improved a lot from my point of view, they improved a lot from last season. We're very happy with the way they improved their quality and their mentality, and I think the club are very happy they have extended their contract now.”
Follow me on Twitter @BenPearceSpurs
7venth Sun Brewery wins silver at World Beer Cup
Dunedin, FL – May 16th, 2016 – Results came in a little more than a week ago for the eleventh World Beer Cup, hosted every two years and known as the most prestigious beer competition in the world. Over 200 judges gathered to taste nearly 6600 entries from 1907 breweries. Among Florida's five winning breweries, 7venth Sun Brewery of Dunedin (and soon to be Tampa), took a silver medal for their Saison, La Fete, in the Session category. This award was the capstone after accumulating several awards in recent months, including a bronze for Vultures From the Past, a barrel-aged barley wine, at the annual Chicago hosted Festival of Wood and Barrel Aged Beers. 7venth Sun also received the best small brewery two years running in Florida's Best of Florida Beer Championships as well as winning a gold medal for La Fete, a silver for Headbanger IPA and a gold and best small batch beer for Vultures From the Past.
The brewery hopes to ride this wave of success into the opening of their second location in Tampa before the end of the year. The 18,000 square foot warehouse will offer the opportunity to produce more beer as well as a second and larger tasting room and event space. Demolition is currently underway with build-out soon to follow. The team plans to continue to brew the same type and styles of beers it currently offers in Dunedin – IPAs, Saisons, Farmhouse and Old World Style beers – as well as a large expansion of their barrel-aged program. Details to come as the project progresses.
(Adds additional context about problems with website)
By Margaret Chadbourn and Roberta Rampton
WASHINGTON, Nov 27 (Reuters) - The agency in charge of the troubled HealthCare.gov website said on Wednesday is it switching providers of Web hosting services, the latest change for the website at the heart of President Barack Obama's health care reforms.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) said it is replacing data center services from Verizon Communications Inc's Terremark subsidiary, with services from Hewlett-Packard Co.
Terremark's data center experienced issues in late October that caused outages across the system, prompting embattled Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to phone Verizon's chief executive to discuss the problems.
Obama and Sebelius had promised the website would make it easy to shop for health insurance required under the 2010 Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare.
Instead, slow response times, error messages and outages like the ones seen at Terremark's data center meant few Americans have been able to enroll so far.
The disaster has fueled Republican criticism of the law, and alarmed Democrats who supported it. The administration has had to scramble to make fixes in the hopes enough Americans sign up by deadlines in December and March.
Both Verizon and HP declined comment on the contract change, as did the White House, which referred questions about the contract to CMS.
CMS said its contract with Terremark had been set to end in March 2014. Last summer, several months before the botched Oct. 1 launch of HealthCare.gov, the agency issued a “task order” asking for bids. HP was awarded that contract, a CMS spokesperson said in a statement.
The contract change was first reported by the Wall Street Journal.
Now, CMS needs to transition its data center to HP at a time when it is just beginning to dig out from a mountain of problems with the website, which is designed to let consumers shop for health insurance required under Obama's signature health care law.
The complexity of the switch between data center providers could be an additional challenge for the project. A CMS spokesperson did not respond to questions about whether the transition would affect the website.
The Obama administration has said it plans to have the website working smoothly for most users by this weekend.
Part of that upgrade involves doubling capacity so the website can handle 50,000 users at once.
A source close to the project, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said there are some concerns about the website's ability to handle so many users because of problems with switches and servers maintained by Terremark.
“CMS has begun the necessary activities to transition the data center over to HP. We are working to ensure a smooth transition between the two contractors,” the CMS spokesperson said in a statement.
Verizon has received $55.4 million for its work on the healthcare marketplaces since its contract started in 2011, according to federal contracting records. (Additional reporting by David Morgan; Editing by Christopher Wilson and Lisa Shumaker)
This past weekend as part of my duties at various other websites, I decided to head down to Cincinnati to take in the games that were happening in the Midwest Region of the NCAA Hockey Tournament. The region was brimming with talent and had multiple players who were already drafted in the first round. What really caught my eye was this tweet from George Sipple of the Detroit Free Press:
Red Wings assistant GM Ryan Martin is at the NCAA Midwest Regional in Cincinnati. — George Sipple (@GeorgeSipple) March 25, 2016
My immediate thought went to the multiple undrafted free agents that were available in the region. A bevy of scouts is in attendance all throughout the weekend and I even saw John Davidson of the Columbus Blue Jackets mulling about in the rotunda. This seemingly innocuous tournament was a hot ticket for the higher ups around the NHL. With the Red Wings at the fifty contract limit, who exactly could Ryan Martin be looking at in the college free agent pool?
Drake Caggiula, Forward – North Dakota
Much has already been made of Caggiula over at the Leafs Nation and what they could possibly bring to their organization. The idea of a college free agent being brought in, seems tantalizing. You pick up a contract that has little to no downside to it. If the player doesn't meet your expectations then so be it but you are throwing caution into the wind, this player has already proven themselves at a fairly high level. So why not?
Caggiula is a prime example of this type of thinking.  They are 21 years of age and already spent multiple years developing their game at North Dakota. They have spent a fair amount of this season though with draftees, Brock Boeser and Nick Schmaltz. Do the 46 points in 37 games feel tainted in anyway because of their highly skilled linemates? Yes and no. You have to be wary of a player who may just be tagging along but tagging along at that pace indicates more than being a passenger. If anything it shows that Caggiula may have their own desirable skillset.
In the two games I viewed of Caggiula this weekend, they were very, very dynamic. They had two goals on the weekend and was named to the Midwest Region's all-tournament team over their linemates, Schmaltz and Boeser. The most impressive part of their game may be their constant work rate, many scouts overvalue such things but in their case it brought tangible results with 13 shots on goal (!!!) between the two games. Their size may be an issue for some although they aren't so small that it takes away from any part of their game.
This is their goal against Michigan:
Surely their goal will live on infamy as one of the goofier goals to happen in recent memory. People will remember this goal for the check from the referee but not the great skill it took to stick with the puck and put it in the back of the net. This is only a brief snippet of the skill that Caggiula possesses.
It may be generous to project Caggiula anything higher than an AHLer with some skill but they have definitely shown enough to warrant a FA contract. The problem then becomes the contract limit for the Red Wings who are right up against the cap, Caggiula is already garnering interest from multiple other clubs, would they be willing to hold off and sign with the Red Wings?
Jordan Gross, Defenseman – Notre Dame
The NHLmay always have a bias against smaller defenseman, Jordan Gross is trying to buck that trend, though. Gross, who is 5'10, isn't a player who carries themselves as a smaller player, they aren't afraid of a board battle and throws their body around with the best of them.
The part that is very encouraging as an onlooker was their ability to skate themselves out of trouble. Notre Dame had a very structured game plan that included stifling Michigan in the neutral zone. For two periods plus it worked and thanks to Gross and co. they were able to hold them at bay. Sometimes though when you have the more talented team, you figure out how to win, Notre Dame found that out the hard way against Michigan, who are uber talented.
Signing Gross is a low-risk proposition for any team that may be interested, as they have great offensive upside and is more than willing to do the work on the defensive side. What may separate them from their peers is their growth in their two years at Notre Dame as well, the right-handed defensemen have improved their point totals while playing in fewer games. The interest in Gross isn't anything similar to that of others in the NCAA, which may make them more appealing to the Red Wings who wouldn't be able to move on a player until this summer anyway.
Troy Stecher, Defenseman – North Dakota
Stecher, much like Caggiula and Gross is not a large player. Standing at 5'11, they are still considered undersized in today's NHL, they could become a steal for an analytic-leaning GM. Stecher has been on everyone's radar since they became eligible to be signed through free agency. Many expected them to sign this past summer as it seemed like they may have reached their peak in the NCAA. Stecher though returned to North Dakota to compete for a national title, a pursuit they are closing in on as the Fighting Hawks advanced to the Frozen Four in Tampa Bay.
Stecher, this weekend wasn't their normal dynamic self but they didn't need to be. Their team is so dynamic that they didn't need the fourth leading scorer on the team to be anything more than a steady as a rock defenseman. It is a part of their game that appeals to many in the old school crowd, that Stecher, can be whatever you need them to be. They blend their new school play with an old school approach, the right-handed defenseman is going to find people looking for their services once their season is over. Will the Red Wings be hot in pursuit?
SAN JOSE — The dominance of the SaberCats' defensive line made one of the AFL's top scoring offenses look mighty unimpressive Saturday night.
Terrance Carter, Jason Stewart, and Luis Vasquez combined for six sacks and two fumble recoveries — one of which Vasquez returned for a touchdown — in the SaberCats' 70-35 win over the Orlando Predators before 8,132 at SAP Center.
The SaberCats (5-3) have won three consecutive games after losing three straight. Their defense has led the way each time, holding opponents to 35 points or fewer, a low number by AFL standards.
“Our defense is getting better and better every week,” SaberCats coach Darren Arbet said. “Our offense has had a lot of moving pieces (due to injuries and other factors), so our defense has to play the way it's been playing for us to win right now.”
San Jose's defense set the tone early against the Predators (5-3), forcing three first-quarter turnovers that led to SaberCats touchdowns.
Vasquez scored the first of those TDs before San Jose's offense even took the field. After Predators quarterback Jason Boltus fumbled a snap inside their 20-yard line on the opening drive, Vasquez raced into the backfield, scooped up the ball at the 8 and ran it into the end zone.
“The ball kicked out, and I just happened to be at the right place at the right time,” Vasquez said.
San Jose began each of its first two drives in Orlando territory thanks to turnovers. An interception by defensive back Kenny Okoro set up a three-play, 20-yard scoring drive that quarterback Russ Michna capped with a 1-yard TD run. Carter's fumble recovery at the Predators' 17 set up a four-play drive that ended with Dominique Curry's 4-yard touchdown reception.
Orlando rallied to within six points in the second quarter, but San Jose responded in the period's final minute with Curry scoring twice in a four-second span. After catching an 11-yard TD pass from Michna with 35 seconds to go before the half, Curry stripped the ball from Orlando's Tanner Varner, who had fielded the ensuing kickoff off the net. Curry then ran the ball in from 2 yards out to give San Jose a 49-29 lead.
As if to punctuate their defensive effort with an exclamation point, the SaberCats held the Predators to one second-half touchdown.
“We smelled blood in the water in the third quarter when they started to get their heads down, and we never let our foot off the pedal,” Vasquez said.
A handful of articles has entered my head this week, and as we speak they are mixing together like volatile chemicals about to explode. I've been on the Bitcoin bandwagon for less than a year, but I am constantly blown away by the innovations made possible by what is fundamentally a very simple idea. In the beginning I pretty much only used it to buy baklava. Now I'm buying gold and silver bullion with Bitcoin, and accepting it as payment for the various things that I sell. So, I have a pretty good sense of how the system works and I'm just starting to really get the economic ramifications of a digital peer-to-peer currency. I theoretically understand the impact it could have politically, at least domestically, but I'm just starting to get the first inkling of what the international political ramifications of Bitcoin might be.
This rabbit hole begins with US sanctions against Iran.
The people who argue in favor of sanctions against Iran usually strike me as economic buffoons. The same person who tells me the US needs to prevent Iran from engaging in international trade to weaken their economy will usually also tell me the US needs to stop engaging in international trade to strengthen its own economy. So this is where our journey begins.
Last month Turkey's Deputy Prime Minister and top economic policymaker Ali Babacan confirmed that Turkey was circumventing sanctions by trading Iranian crude oil for Turkish gold instead of dollars. In fact, in the last nine months Turkey, ostensibly a strong ally of the US, has tripled its pre-sanctions exports to Iran. It's essentially a thumb in the eye to US legitimacy, and the global banking system.
Good for them, I thought. It's a powerful proof of concept for the efficacy of alternative currency. But then I remembered another recent story about gold in Iran. In October hundreds of currency protesters gathered in Tehran's historic Grand Bazaar outraged over the plunging Iranian rial. In response hundreds of riot police stormed Tehran's currency exchange district arresting “illegal money changers.” Imagine that. It is a crime for honest merchants to exchange one baseless paper note for another baseless paper note because the sociocrats that issue those notes don't get along. What's interesting is that the 80% drop in the rial's value was largely blamed on sanctions, but the head of the national police said that people holding stashes of gold was “perturbing the currency market.”
So, it's perfectly fine for States to use gold to protect themselves from economic sanctions, but not for the lowly civilians. But more importantly, holding stashes of precious metals may be an adequate protection against foreign sanctions, but not against your own State. Well, what are the Iranian people to do? I found the answer. Iranian Musician Mohammad Rafigh has translated some Bitcoin software into Farsi and is talking up Bitcoin in Iran. Rafigh accepted Bitcoin for their latest album. They wrote “I wish the culture of using digital money spreads all over the world, because it does not have any dependency on anything like politics.”
Using Bitcoin Iranians living abroad can send money to their families, or exchange them for rials or dollars. It allows them to store their wealth digitally where the currency police can't seize it, and most importantly it allows the people of Iran, at the individual level, to skirt US sanctions and maintain an economic connection to the outside world. When US sanction against Iraq killed an estimated 1 million innocent civilians in the 90s it's easy to see how important that is.
All the pieces came together when I read that AntiWar.com now accepts Bitcoin donations. PayPal and many credit card companies block access in over 60 countries for largely political reasons. Bitcoin offers what no other currency can. Access to everyone, everywhere.
AntiWar.com was launched in 1995, to oppose the Bosnian war under the Clinton administration, but as wars have escalated so has opposition to war. Today the site is the leading hub of anti-war news and activism in the liberty movement, devoted not only to opposing war, but also the assaults on freedom that result from it. Bitcoin was created in 2009 by an infamous programmer names Satoshi Nakamoto, but it is unlike any other currency in the world in that it is not issued by any central bank or ruling State. In fact, it's incredibly difficult if not impossible to track, regulate or block.
What this means is that right now, in the world we live in, it is possible for civilians living in Iran to donate to the anti-war movement in the US, and it is possible for civilians in the US to donate to the relief efforts in the countries the US bombs. People can now cooperate across national boundaries, and there is virtually nothing that States can do to prevent it.
Bitcoin has already changed the world, and it will continue to do so in fantastic and unpredictable ways. Given that wars must be funded by taxes, national debt or currency debasement, all of which can be protected against with Bitcoin, it's going to be increasingly difficult for imperial powers to fund their military budgets.
French economist Frederic Bastiat once said, “If goods don t cross borders, armies will.” I suggest that when States can no longer prevent goods from crossing borders, armies won't.
The AntiWar.com donation address is: 1M87hiTAa49enJKVeT9gzLjYmJoYh9V98
It was almost 44 years ago now that Pink Floyd released what would become their best known and most influential work: The Dark Side of the Moon. The album stayed on Billboard's top 200 charts for 15 years. By now, it has sold over 45 million copies, making it the album with the third highest number of sales. Ever. There were many special things about the album and it is without a doubt the biggest commercial and critical success of the progressive rock movement of the 1960s and 70s. The topics explored in the album provoked an existential introspection in the listener, droning on and on about the impermanence of life and arbitrary value of money, in tracks amply labeled ‘Time' and ‘Money'. It explored polarization of the public in ‘Us and Them' and commented on heaven without uttering a word with ‘The Great Gig in the Sky'. But the most intimate and the least ‘direct' message was delivered with the last two tracks of the album, the one-two-punch of ‘Brain Damage' and ‘Eclipse'.
Inspired by ex-band member Syd Barrett, whose abuse of psychoactive substances had (likely) led to their psychosis and ultimately the inability to perform with the band, the songs explore an aspect of the stigmatization of people with psychosis that is relevant as much, if not more, today as it was at the time of writing. The first of the two songs begins with familiar multi-instrumental sound of prog rock from the time. Behind the guitar, bass guitar, and cymbals, however, is the low pitched and quiet sound of a drum resembling the human heart beat. Curiously, this sound fades away as the vocals come in:
The lunatic is on the grass
The lunatic is on the grass
Remembering games and daisy chains and laughs
Got to keep the loonies on the path
Wasting no time on warming up, the lyrics jump straight into the message. The image that first pops into the listener's head, reinforced by a repeat of the first line, is perhaps that of crazy people running around in the grass. Maybe they're wearing old, smelly, worn out clothes and maybe they're laughing and screaming at the things they see but aren't there. As the listener starts settling into the image, however, in comes the third line and changes the image altogether. Now the narrator, and the existence of this narrator is revisited in the chorus, is remembering the games that they used to play as a child on the grass. ‘Got to keep the loonies on the path' instantly swerves the listener around to the perspective from which it's simple and absolute that the figure of authority is the one that is in the wrong here. Keeping children from not playing on the grass and instead on a paved path is criminal and this person is unforgivably cruel for committing such an act. It's only the end of the first half of the first verse and the listener has already fallen into the trap.
The lunatic is in the hall
The lunatics are in my hall
The paper holds their folded faces to the floor
And every day the paper boy brings more
Here, the first two lines resemble the same structure as the first half of the verse but the second line pulls the listener out of their impersonality. The lunatics are now in the hall of the narrator's house. This time they're not children, however. The people that have their faces imprinted on newspapers are usually politicians, celebrities, and athletes. It's famous people, the untouchables, the people we can't reach. What makes these people insane? Why are they being called lunatics? They're not. No one considers these people crazy. The aspect of insanity being highlighted in the second half of the verse is indeed the second half of insanity itself: the isolation. These people are not lunatics because they've lost touch with reality. They're lunatics because we've lost touch with them. With this in mind, we're taken through the chorus, ringing with a comforting undertone as the narrator exclaims to the listener that when everyone else abandons them, they will be there:
And if the dam breaks open many years too soon
And if there is no room on the hill
And if your head explodes with dark forebodings too
I'll see you on the dark side of the moon
‘I'll see you on the dark side of the moon', says the narrator, if the preceding happens to you. The perils of insanity may haunt you far sooner than you had ever expected them to, if you had expected them at all. And in that instance, you may find solace on the hill. The hill refers to the Beatles song ‘Fool on the Hill', a similarly themed song about a recluse who sees the world the way that it is but is disliked by the masses because of it and labeled eccentric and crazy by them. If there is no room on the hill, however, and your head seems to be exploding with the thoughts and the voices, with reality making less and less sense each and every day, you will find a friend in the narrator. The second verse continues:
The lunatic is in my head
The lunatic is in my head
You raise the blade, you make the change
You re-arrange me ‘til I'm sane
You lock the door
And throw away the key
There's someone in my head
But it's not me
The second verse reuses the structure of the first verse during its first half but abandons it completely for much smaller lines and without a break in the instrumentation for the second half. This is done to designate the second half of the second verse as separate from the rest of the verses. The structure of the line endings of the rest of the verses goes ‘the grass/the grass/ the hall/ my hall/ my head/ my head', forming a perfect symmetry of impersonality-intimacy. After the lunatic is accepted as being in the narrator's head and we are personally invested in their wellbeing, they explain that it is us who raise the blade and cut open their brain, playing around with them until we accept their behavior as sane. It was us who called the children loonies and forbade them from playing in the grass. This sets up the last half of the second verse as a cruel in-your-face reflection on what we, the listeners, have done. We isolate the lunatic and never look back. We pretend that the person in their head is no longer them, no longer a human being with emotions and thoughts. They have become a disease.
And if the cloud bursts, thunder in your ear
You shout and no one seems to hear
And if the band you're in starts playing different tunes
I'll see you on the dark side of the moon
But if you, the person demonizing the lunatic and locking them away, treating them like a subhuman species, a heretic not to be interacted with, ever find that you hear things that aren't there; if you shout and the pain in your voice reaches everyone's ears but they ignore it; If your closest friends start leaving you out and playing songs you don't know, you will find a friend in the narrator: the lunatic.
With the last chorus, additional background vocals add to the message being relayed. After ‘you shout and no one seems to hear', a voice is heard screaming along to the music, while there is a distant ‘hey hey' after ‘And if the band you're in starts playing different tunes', an arrangement that sounds like it was borrowed from a completely different song and yet complements the music so well that it isn't at all out of place. These background vocals serve to represent the harmony with which the lunatic and the sane man can exist.
The song does not end but rather morphs into the next track: ‘Eclipse'. This track leaves behind the personal investment of its predecessor and is written in an impersonal style, as if these are facts that the listener is being warned about:
All that you touch
And all that you see
All that you taste
All you feel
And all that you love
And all that you hate
All you distrust
All you save
All that you give
All that you deal
All that you buy
Beg, borrow or steal
And all you create
And all you destroy
And all that you do
And all that you say
And all that you eat
And everyone you meet
And all that you slight
And everyone you fight
And all that is now
And all that is gone
And all that's to come
And everything under the sun is in tune
But the sun is eclipsed by the moon
Everything outside of the last two lines describes aspects of a person's life. It explores their personality, character traits, preferences, and life events. These are the things that we think make a person who they are. Once we understand that as listeners, we are told that all of this is ‘in tune' while it's ‘under the sun', referring to everything being alright when the times are good. But when the sun is eclipsed by the moon, you become a lunatic. Your whole world falls apart because of this one little detail. It overwhelms you and takes over your entire world (the way a total eclipse casts a shadow on all visible land nearby). And this is how you end up on the dark side of the moon.
The warning that this track gives off is not one of being afraid of lunacy/psychosis or treating it as some incurable, debilitating condition. The warning is that this may one day be you. And if you put yourself and your entire life in that position, maybe you will realize that in a time when everything falls apart, the one thing you expect is support. The one thing you really hope won't happen is that you'll be abandoned by friends and family. Brain Damage and Eclipse serve as an insight into the most debilitating aspect of psychosis: isolation. There is nothing worse, for a person whose illness cannot be seen or measured, than to be left alone, feeling unwanted and dehumanized in the process.
As the song ends and the instrumentation starts fading out, a subtle drum beat is heard once again. It resembles the beat at the beginning of ‘Brain Damage' and as the instruments become silent, the beat gets louder. The heavily accented voice of a man rings out: ‘There is no dark side of the moon, really. (As a) matter of fact it's all dark.' These words, spoken over a drum beating like a heart, make one final statement. We're all a little crazy. It's part of being human.
Advertisements
The budget would deal crippling blows to institutions in the arts and humanities and to organizations that foster understanding of global affairs and cultures.
This post originally appeared at The Nation.
The Trump administration's proposed 2018 budget, which prioritizes defense and national-security spending above all else, would deal crippling blows to government-funded institutions in the arts and humanities and leading American organizations that foster international dialogue and understanding of global affairs and cultures.
Reversing decades of bipartisan political and financial support for such institutions, the Trump White House seems to view these programs with barely disguised disdain, as reflected in the justifications offered by the Office of Management and Budget. The underlying message is that, to survive, such organizations will have to rely on private funding.
If the president gets their way in Congress, which is by no means certain at this point, the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities would disappear from the federal budget over the next year, along with the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, the United States Institute of Peace and several foundations working in regions around the world of interest and importance to Americans.
Some of the cuts fall under the combined budget of the State Department and United States Agency for International Development (USAID), which has been slashed by nearly a third, to $37.6 billion. Many other cuts affect freestanding agencies that are nevertheless reliant on government assistance. Also scheduled for elimination are educational and humanitarian programs in various other government departments, as well reductions for science research and the zeroing out of contributions for the Green Climate Fund and the Global Climate Changes Initiative, which had been budgeted for $1.6 billion 2017.
The White House budget office lists 19 major federally budgeted programs being cut or eliminated, covering domestic as well as international policy and cross-cultural programs.
The White House budget office lists 19 major federally budgeted programs being cut or eliminated, covering domestic as well as international policy and cross-cultural programs. Given the $600 billion-plus in discretionary spending allocated to defense (compared with $500 billion for everything else), the cuts in cultural and people-to-people international programs do not add up to significant savings for tightening a nationalistic, security-driven budget that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson described as having four major priorities: “defending US national security, asserting US leadership and influence, fostering opportunities for US economic interests and ensuring effectiveness and accountability to the US taxpayer.” The deadline for congressional action on the budget is Sept. 30; the new US fiscal year begins on Oct. 1.
Budget cuts and elimination of programs, by the budget-makers' own description, primarily serve the purpose of Trump's America First agenda. Explanations or justifications for why these eliminations are being sought are contained in a chilling 171-page White House report titled “Major Savings and Reforms,” published along with the full federal budget on May 23. Typical of the explanations offered in the Major Savings and Reforms report is this one about the Wilson Center, a universally recognized venue in Washington, DC, for advanced research and the discussion of foreign policy and global issues.
The report says: “The budget proposes to eliminate activities supported by Federal appropriations at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, given these activities can be supported through private fundraising and the Administration does not consider them to be core Federal responsibilities.”
These cuts would have the effect of closing doors, especially for the young, to programs at home and abroad that not only enrich American life but also transcend the country's borders. Such programs are also important to inform public opinion in the United States, where Islamophobia and right-wing vigilantism appear on the rise in tandem with the Trump attempts to bar as many Muslims as possible from the country. Non-Arabs and non-Muslims have been caught up in violence that recently has left innocent Indian citizens and Indian Americans dead or wounded at the hands of ignorant assailants.
The National Endowment for the Arts, for example, has reached down to localities with grants that foster creative programs across the United States — from support for regional folk music and jazz to underwriting performances in theater and dance for under-served audiences in remote rural and poor urban communities — while showcasing American culture around the world. Separately, a similar program with a global reach, administered by the State Department's cultural and educational exchanges, is also doomed.
Using data in the Major Savings and Reforms report, a rough estimate below shows how much funding each program will lose—and the damage it could do. An exhaustive total of projected savings cannot be calculated until all affected government departments, freestanding federal agencies and scattered small programs can be accounted for and some figures are not consistent across all government documents.
State and USAID: Educational and cultural exchanges cut to $285 million from $590 million. Global health programs cut to $6.48 billion from $8.8 billion. The Asia Foundation eliminated, cut to zero funding from $17 million; the East-West Center to zero from $17 million; general development assistance to zero from $2.5 billion. The Fulbright program for international study and professional exchanges would survive, but barely, with $117.5 million, down from $250 million. The Fulbright Association said that the program now faces “an existential threat.”
The Peace Corps, now sending volunteers to more than 50 countries — most recently adding Burma to the list— would drop to $398 million from a requested $410 million, which may seem modest. But it is the largest proposed budget cut to the program in four decades, and Glenn Blumhorst, president of the National Peace Corps Association, an alumni group, said in reacting to the cuts that the Peace Corps will also feel the impact of reductions in funding in State Department diplomacy and development programs, with which it has partnered. “This represents a step in the wrong direction,” they said.
Independent government-funded agencies to be eliminated (but allocated small sums for expenses to close down): National Endowment for the Arts cut to $29 million from $148 million. National Endowment for the Humanities cut to $42 million from $148 million. The African Development Foundation, which works in partnership with Africans on the ground in programs to increase US presence in the hardest to reach areas of extreme poverty, would be cut to $8 million from $30 million. The Inter-American Foundation, which funds project developed locally by grassroots groups, would be cut to $5 million from $22 million. US Institute of Peace cut to $19 million from $35 million. US Trade and Development Agency cut to $12 million from $60 million. Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars cut to $7 million from $11 million.
Agriculture Department: McGovern-Dole International Food for Education program, which provides surplus American food crops and other donations to schools to promote both education and nutrition in poor communities especially for girls, would be eliminated to zero from $201 million.
Education Department: International education and language programs cut to zero from $72 million.
Cues from politicians can have negative effects that can be felt far outside the government, American history shows. In the 1950s, following the communist victory in China and the early stages of a cold war with Russia, anticommunist hysteria fanned by Sen. Joseph McCarthy and the House Un-American Affairs Committee led to the loss of scholars and diplomats among the most knowledgeable on China.
Now scholars of the Middle East might be facing similar circumstances, suggests Lawrence G. Potter, a Columbia University specialist on the Middle East, with a focus on Iran and the Persian Gulf. They wrote in an exchange of emails that the Middle East Studies Association, the major organization of academics who work on the Middle East, has been “warning of what the cuts will do for Middle East studies and training a new generation of experts.”
At the beginning of June, in the wake of President Trump's disruptive trip to the region, in which they aligned the United States with Saudi Arabia and Israel against Iran, the Middle East Studies program at California State University, Fresno, coincidentally called off a plan to fill a professorial chair named in honor of the late Edward Said, a Palestinian-born scholar. People at the university told local media that pro-Israeli pressures arose when it was revealed that four short-listed candidates were all Arabs. The program in Fresno prided itself in being interdisciplinary and multicultural, with language studies in Arabic, Armenian, Hebrew and Persian.
In the Middle East Studies Association as elsewhere there is concern over the Trump administration's decision to make language training the prerogative of the national-security organizations and the military. Language programs supported by the Department of Education offered training to students in all income brackets hoping for civilian careers in international business, diplomacy, academia or other fields. These programs made language skills available not only to those at elite universities with endowments large enough to ride out a financial storm. The budget cutters, again with the military foremost in mind, would confine funding for languages to national-security institutions. Their report argues:
The budget eliminates the International Education and Foreign Language Studies Domestic and Overseas Programs, which are designed to strengthen the capability and performance of American education in foreign languages and international studies. Other Federal Agencies whose primary mission is national security implement similar programs and are better equipped to support the objective of these programs.
Under Trump, the White House is about the only public institution in America that remains all male, all white and mostly all millionaires and billionaires. Culturally, too, the president, who exists on fast food and steak, seems to be taking America back to the 1950s, said Howard G. Goldberg, a former senior editor of The New York Times Op-Ed page and now a writer on wines and vineyards.
“Every cutback advanced by President Trump and their worshipful minions seems intended to reduce American life to their outdated conceptions of it,” they wrote in an email. “I have been a wine writer since 1985, but if I were just an old wine drinker possessed of Trump's narrow-bore worldview, evidently formed in the 1950s, I would still be stuck on gallon jugs of Gallo's Hearty Burgundy, Italian Swiss Colony of radio-jingle fame, so-called California Chablis and on such retrograde libations as Boone's Farm, Wild Irish Rose and Thunderbird. It'll never happen.”
That was the picture more than half a century ago. Since then young Americans, still often regarded abroad as ignorant of foreign places and people, have grown up with the benefits of the cultural institutions Trump's budget has targeted. American society has changed profoundly in many ways. Stroll the campuses of leading colleges and universities, or visit US embassies around the world, and the pervasive diversity of the United States is evident. At home, this diversity extends to the theater, film, media, music, sports and fashion.
The National Endowment for the Arts, founded in 1965 as an independent agency under the federal government, has funded a number of programs to expand American horizons over the past few years and hopes to continue making grants into 2018. One such project is Blue Star Museums, which provides free admission to over 2,000 museums across the country for active-duty military personnel and their families. The program is intended to provide “an opportunity to enjoy the nation's cultural heritage and learn more about their community, especially after a military move.” Another ongoing project of the endowment, the Big Read, makes grants to nonprofit organizations in 32 states with shared reading sessions around 21 books chosen to bring “contemporary works to communities across the country, helping us better understand the diverse voices and perspectives that come with it.” Creative artists often still unknown, or even a little too wacky, for traditional donors, get financial boosts and encouragement from NEA grants delivered through local cultural organizations.
Though Americans have always been generous donors to cultural institutions, the United States has lagged behind most countries in Europe, Asia and Latin America in allocating government money to artists and performers in all fields. The new budget proposals to eliminate American programs entirely adds a dispiriting blow. The NEA's reaction to the proposed budget cuts was blunt: “Private funding will not sustain the arts nationally if public funding goes away.”
New rules see standard VAT of 20% to be paid from January 1 2015
Buried within the recent Budget, it seems that UK Chancellor, George Osborne, has announced that digital content downloads will pay tax based on the country they are sold in. In other words all content from Google Play, Amazon, iTunes and so on, will be subject to the standard UK rate of VAT at 20%.
That's a pretty substantial increase on the rate of tax paid when the content is sold through other European countries, such as Luxembourg, and could bring an end to the 99p song download and raise the price of books, apps and games. The rules are set to come into effect on January 1 2015. For the Government it means more revenues, for the rest of us it just means that something else we love will cost more money.
Source: The Guardian
The FCC is considering a new definition of “broadband,” a term which defines high-speed Internet as 4Mbps and better.
The new definition would raise the minimum speed above 10Mbps or even 25Mbps, the Washington Post reports. At this time, the agency appears to be nowhere near legally issuing a new definition — rather, the FCC reportedly intends to solicit public comments on the matter soon.
If the FCC were to raise the definition to 25Mbps, numerous ISPs would be legally required to either redefine their baseline services or raise the speed of entry-level offerings. Comcast's entry-level Internet service in New York, for example, only peaks at 25Mbps. A majority of AT&T's services, however, provide significantly slower speeds.
In fact, average U.S. Internet speeds rank statistically lower than those of nine other countries, including Latvia, Switzerland, and Romaina.
Considering the United State's dismal speed rankings and the emergence of bandwidth-intensive services like Netflix, the original definition of broadband may no longer be realistic for consumers.
With the Eagles losing Carson Wentz due to a knee injury, many people - fans, reporters, analysts - are trying to project what the Eagles' offense will look like with moving forward.
I wondered the same thing so I watched all of Foles' tape from the last few years because it's been quite a journey.
We all remember the "27 and 2" year from 2013 when they were incredibly efficient as a starter in Chip Kelly's first season. They were more down than they were up in 2014 but still managed to win a lot of games for the Eagles. They were traded to the Rams in 2015, performed moderately well, but was released after the team selected Jared Goff with the first overall pick. They were signed by Andy Reid and the Kansas City Chiefs in 2016 and won their lone start. Now he's here and ready to take the reins of a team looking to make a deep playoff run.
Watching Foles over their career, I wanted to see throws that translate to concepts that are run in this offense. We've seen the scheme here now with this staff almost two full seasons, so we have an idea as to what the staple pass game route concepts are. The first one is the three-level stretch, and it's a play that Foles has been executing their entire career.
Shot 1 - Nick Foles has plenty of experience running the concepts in the #Eagles offense. I'll take a look today at some of those throws and how well he's performed in 'situational football' throughout their career. This is an Eagles staple: the Three-Level Stretch #FlyEaglesFly pic.twitter.com/ETZyGKk52w — Fran Duffy (@fduffy3) December 14, 2017
Note that there is audio commentary for each of the video clips.
The Eagles love all iterations of the three-level stretch, where three receivers flood one side of the field and attack all three levels (deep, intermediate, and short). This concept typically comes off of play-action, and Foles has been running this play over their entire career. On these throws, Foles displays their ball placement, toughness in the pocket, their touch, and placement on downfield throws.
Shot 2 - Some deep balls thrown by Foles over the last couple of years. They can throw vertically with really nice touch and timing. These are five #Eagles staples in the deep passing game and Foles executing them very well #FlyEaglesFly pic.twitter.com/Fl3Sk9ZvC5 — Fran Duffy (@fduffy3) December 14, 2017
One thing that consistently stands out with Foles is their ability to throw the deep ball and head coach Doug Pederson likes to attack downfield. This team has a number of downfield pass concepts in the playbook that have worked at a high level over the last couple of years. I've broken down the Dagger concept, the Slot Fade, and these deep Over routes from the No. 3 receiver numerous times. Foles has shown that they can make all of these throws from the pocket, and throw them well.
Shot 3 - Is Nick Foles the athlete that Carson Wentz is? Of course not. Doesn't mean they can't execute the same type of boot-action passes that the #Eagles have run all year long. pic.twitter.com/7EEE4ODUTX — Fran Duffy (@fduffy3) December 14, 2017
Will the Eagles be able to continue running some of their play-action passes where the quarterback rolls out of the pocket to deliver the football? My assumption? The Eagles will definitely still move the pocket some with Foles under center. Are they as athletic as Wentz? No, but he's shown throughout their career that they can make throws on the run and deliver the football downfield.
Shot 4 - Can Nick Foles run RPOs? I don't know --- you tell me! He's been making these throws in the same concepts their entire career #Eagles pic.twitter.com/5auSwZAXx9 — Fran Duffy (@fduffy3) December 14, 2017
The other aspect of the Eagles' offense that has sparked lots of discussion this week is the use of RPOs. The definition of these Run Pass Options is exactly that. The quarterback can either hand the ball off for a run play or pull it and throw the football. Typically, the quarterback can also pull the ball and run it on their own, but that rarely happens. It's all about playing the numbers game with defenses. Is the box loaded to defend the run? Throw it to the perimeter where your skill guys can make a play in space. Have extra bodies outside the numbers to defend the pass? Hand the ball off. It's a simple concept that Foles has executed going back to the days under Chip Kelly here in Philadelphia. They can absolutely run these kinds of plays, and run them well.
Other than the ability to make plays "outside of structure," the other area where the Eagles may miss Carson Wentz the most is in "situational football" - on third down and in the red zone. Wentz has been nothing short of outstanding in both scenarios this year for the Eagles. Part of that is on him, part of that has been the coaches, and part of it has been on the supporting cast around him. It will be up to Foles now to carry that torch and keep the offense rolling in that regard.
Shot 5 - One of the biggest questions is, can the #Eagles continue to thrive on third down? Foles has shown that they can be 'that guy' throughout their career. Accuracy, decision making, poise are all on display on some of these throws pic.twitter.com/Oy709OLdkF — Fran Duffy (@fduffy3) December 14, 2017
Shot 6 - 3rd and long? Against pressure? Nick Foles can succeed here. Again, you see the poise under fire, the ball placement with bodies around him, the velocity to complete passes from the opposite hash, and more on these shots #FlyEaglesFly pic.twitter.com/YRKT8YX6Vm — Fran Duffy (@fduffy3) December 14, 2017
Shot 7 - The next part of situational football where Wentz thrived was in the red zone, where Foles has been pretty good throughout their career as well. Most of these passes came on third down as well. #Eagles are the best red zone offense in football coming into Week 15 pic.twitter.com/OjQOkjjgVw — Fran Duffy (@fduffy3) December 14, 2017
Throughout their career on third down, Foles has completed 54.2 percent of their passes for 13 touchdowns and 10 interceptions. On face value, those numbers aren't great, but they're also largely affected by a 2015 season in St. Louis where the numbers were just downright awful (45 percent completion, five touchdowns, and five interceptions). In this scheme with this staff and supporting cast, I expect them to be able to produce in those situations at a much higher and more effective rate.
Down in the red zone, Foles has been much better. He's only completed 50 percent of their passes, but with 30 touchdowns compared to just four interceptions and nine sacks. He's been able to punch the ball in when he's had the opportunity. We know how effective the Eagles have been inside the 20-yard line this year, and I think the Eagles will put them in position to succeed. In all of these situations, he's been able to make some big-time throws in clutch situations.
Shot 8 - These were the kinds of plays I had forgotten about from Nick Foles. They can bring some of those 'out of structure' plays to the field (not as often as Wentz, of course). I'm excited to see them take the field on Sunday #FlyEaglesFly pic.twitter.com/MLOthPZY3S — Fran Duffy (@fduffy3) December 14, 2017
FARGO - As part of an ongoing drug investigation, the Fargo Police Department on Thursday, Jan. 26, seized nearly 13 pounds methamphetamine and more than $17,000 in cash.
According to information provided by the Fargo Police Department:
The Police Department's narcotics unit was conducting surveillance on a local hotel when an individual involved in the investigation left the area in a vehicle.
A traffic stop was done in Glyndon, Minn., by the Glyndon Police Department, during which about a half ounce of methamphetamine was seized along with with $750 in cash.
The Fargo police narcotics unit then executed a search warrant at the hotel and about 2 ounces of methamphetamine was seized along with $1,100 in cash.
One of the suspects attempted to flush the drugs down the toilet as detectives were entering the room.
With evidence gained from that operation, a second search warrant was executed at another local hotel, which led to the seizure of an estimated 6 pounds of methamphetamine and $17,200 in cash.
More investigation revealed that a shipment of methamphetamine was due to arrive shortly at the same location. When the suspects arrived, they were detained and another 6½ pounds of methamphetamine was seized.
The Fargo Police Department narcotics unit initiated the investigation, but as it progressed it received assistance from several other local agencies, including the Moorhead Police Department narcotics unit, the DEA Drug Task Force, and the Glyndon Police Department.
The investigation remains ongoing, Fargo police said.
In an upcoming study I am working on with Chapman University's Center for Demographics and Policy, we show that San Francisco and Houston are North America's “emerging” global cities. They are also rival representative champions and exemplars of two models of civic development. San Francisco is the world's technology capital; focused on the highest levels of the economic food chain; paragon of the new, intangible economy; and promoter environmental values and compact development. Houston is the closest thing to American laissez-faire; unabashed embracer of the old economy of tangible stuff, including unfashionable, but highly profitable, industries like oil, chemicals, and shipping.
San Francisco embraces development restrictions that it sees as environmentally sustainable --- and not coincidentally produced the highest housing costs compared to income in the nation, rendering the region unaffordable to all but the elite --- whereas Houston has risen as an “opportunity city” for the non-elite; and the land of no-zoning and unrestricted development. Somewhat unexpectedly, both cities are remarkably socially tolerant. Houston has an openly lesbian Democratic mayor and is extremely diverse, and while San Francisco may be a bit more free wheeling with its Folsom Street Fair and such, it's also more strictly enforces its intellectual and political orthodoxy.
Yet to date the competition between these two emerging models has been non-existent, at least from Houston's perspective. Simply put, the Bay Area has played its hand brilliantly, and is lavished with praise in the media. In contrast Houston seems to be missing the self-promotion gene, at least outside what it has to pay for with advertising. The Bay Area has built its own image, often with the avid support of journalists who grant tech moguls demi-god status, and understandably prefer San Francisco's spectacular scenery, mild weather and world-class restaurants to flat, steamy Houston, whose exciting food scene is typically housed in nondescript strip malls.
In conventional (that is New York or London) terms it's easy to see San Francisco as a global capital. It has long been established as an elite national center, the financial capital of the West Coast, as well as the traditional center, along with parts of New York, of the American counter-culture. With the comparative decline of Los Angeles, the Bay Area reigns supreme on the west coast. Its technology industry strides the globe like a colossus, its tech titans have managed, at least to date, to play simultaneously the roles of both modern day robber barons and populist heroes.
Houston is less obvious. Though the energy capital of the world, Houston is still emerging as a prominent national and global city. It's less mature, and was a small, obscure city when San Francisco was already emerging as the uncontested capital of the west coast. And unlike San Francisco, whose only real rival is much smaller Seattle, Houston competes with an equally large, and in many ways also rising rival in Dallas-Ft. Worth.
Unlike tech, energy has produced few rockstars, but many who are castigated as demons. Although there are 5,000 energy companies and 26 Fortune 500 headquarters in Houston, few of its leaders have achieved public prominence apart from Dick Cheney and Enron's Jeff Skilling and Ken Lay --- not exactly folk heroes.
This is not to say some energy people don't deserve celebration. For example, few Americans noticed the recent death of George Mitchell, the father of the fracking revolution that has driven America's greenhouse gas emissions down at the fastest rate in the world, and one of America's premier developers of master planned developments in the form of The Woodlands near Houston. The Economist said of this son of poor Greek immigrants, “Few businesspeople have done as much to change the world as George Mitchell.” (Most people hearing the name would probably think of former Maine Senator George Mitchell).
The maturity curve alone isn't enough to account for the difference. Two additional factors are at work. First, the Bay Area self-consciously sees itself as a leader and moral exemplar. It wants to world to follow where it leads. Houston it seems, perhaps in line with its laissez-faire approach, wants to leave others alone, and be left to its own. It may boast of having a great model, but whether others adopt has been of no particularly great local concern.
The second big divergence relates to media. After all, the media, understood broadly, is how we come to have knowledge about or opinions of many things. Simply put, San Francisco and the tech industry get the power of media, while Houston doesn't.
The content creators may still prefer a New York, LA, or DC but the tech moguls are circling the last redoubts of entertainment and information. Apple now has a dominant position in content distribution for music and is expanding in other areas. Google generates huge advertising revenues that are greater than the entire newspaper and magazine industry. Despite its many troubles, Yahoo remains one of the most-visited news sites. Meanwhile in just last year or two, Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes has bought the venerable New Republic while Seattle's Jeff Bezos recently bought the Washington Post. Pierre Omidyar, founder of Ebay, recently announced a $250 million new media venture featuring Glenn Greenwald and other well-known leftist media types.
This isn't just hubris, it's good business. With Silicon Valley magnates starting to come under the same scrutiny as their 1% peers in other industries, it pays to have the means to control the narrative. Glenn Greenwald helped break the story on NSA snooping, but now that he's on Silicon Valley's payroll, how likely is it that he'll take a similarly tough line on tech company privacy matters? Give the Bay Area/tech crowd their due – they know what they are doing.
Houston, by contrast, has close to zero media influence or impact and seems not to care. It's much less an influencer of media than one whose reputation has been shaped by it, and often not in a good way. Though there are many sprawl dominated metropolises in America, it's Houston that has become the bête noire of urbanists.
It's easy to understand historically why Houston has so little media influence, but harder to understand why the city is so blasé about it. Tory Gattis, a former McKinsey consultant and local Houston blogger, suggests that it has to do with the DNA of the energy industry. Most energy companies in Houston are B2B operations, so have little need for mass media. Energy has always been a political game and the industry's approach has been a fairly direct one: employ a phalanx of lobbyists and former politicians around the world to help secure deals. Also, unlike with the latest smart phone or social media app, you don't need to convince anybody to fill up their gas tank or turn on their furnace in the winter. The product is already completely understood by the end customer and literally sells itself.
This mindset explains why the city has a blind spot, a missing gene if you will, that keeps it from understanding the necessity of having a robust media presence as part of its ambition to become a true global city. The Bay Area tech community may have been slow to the party when it comes to lobbying, but they are spending big to catch up fast and many of their executives have political as well as media aspirations. But despite its incredible wealth and surfeit of billionaires, Houston is absolute nowhere when it comes to media or thought leadership, and seems indifferent to the fact.
Beyond merely asserting a role on the stage, getting in the media game is critical to the survival of Houston and its model. The Bay Area sees itself as a model for a future America and world. It is spending big, lobbying big, and invading politics to create the kind of future it wants to see. Its mindset is to dominate.
Houston may be content to let San Francisco go its own way but the reverse does not hold. Silicon Valley has its sights set on overturning the fossil fuel industry through big investments (and good ol' government pork) in green tech companies. Legal mandates that favor their investments are popular. It should be no surprise that folks like Bay Area billionaire Thomas Steyer have been vocal opponents of the KeystoneXL pipeline. (Such opposition is not uniform. Mark Zuckerberg's Fwd.us organization supports KeystoneXL. But there's clearly a lot of Silicon Valley support for policies that aren't great for the Houston model).
Houston can brag all its wants about its legitimate accomplishments in important areas like job and population growth and in providing middle-class opportunity. But if it wants to claim the mantle of global city, or even just head off threats to its way of doing business, it needs, like the Bay Area, to self-consciously stake out the role of leader. For starters, that means putting its bigtime financial and intellectual muscle behind getting its message out. That means, like it or not, investing not only in oil wells, but inkwells.
Aaron M. Renn is an independent writer on urban affairs and the founder of Telestrian, a data analysis and mapping tool. They write at The Urbanophile.
Photo by telwink.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Goktay Koraltan and Feras Killani said other detainees had been badly beaten
Libyan leader Col Muammar Gaddafi's security forces detained and beat up a BBC news team who were trying to reach the strife-torn western city of Zawiya.
Members of the three-man team were beaten with fists, knees and rifles, hooded and subjected to mock executions by Libyan troops and secret police.
The three were detained on Monday and held for 21 hours, but have now flown out of Libya.
The UN Human Rights Commissioner says their treatment may amount to torture.
"For them to be targeted, detained and treated with such cruelty, which could amount to torture, is completely unacceptable and in serious violation of international law," said High Commissioner Navi Pillay in a news release.
"If an international television crew can be subjected to this type of treatment," they said, "it makes me extremely concerned about the treatment that is most likely being meted out to Libyan opponents of the regime who have fallen into the hands of the security services."
They said if I say one word in English, they would kill me Feras Killani, BBC Arabic correspondent BBC team describe beating
The BBC said in a statement that it strongly condemned the "abusive treatment" of its journalists.
"The safety of our staff is our primary concern, especially when they are working in such difficult circumstances and it is essential that journalists working for the BBC, or any media organisation, are allowed to report on the situation in Libya without fear of attack," said the statement from Liliane Landor, languages controller of BBC Global News.
"Despite these attacks, the BBC will continue to cover the evolving story in Libya for our audiences both inside and outside the country."
'Gun against neck'
The BBC Arabic Service team showed their identification when they were detained at an army roadblock on Monday.
They had been seeking, like many journalists, to get around government restrictions to reach besieged Zawiya.
Over the past four days, government artillery and tanks have pounded the city, 50km (30 miles) from Tripoli, in a bid to wrest it from rebel control.
They walked up to me, put the gun to my neck and pulled the trigger twice Chris Cobb-Smith , Member of detained BBC team
The BBC employees were taken to a huge military barracks in Tripoli, where they were blindfolded, handcuffed and beaten.
One of the three, Chris Cobb-Smith, said: "We were lined up against the wall. I was the last in line - facing the wall.
"I looked and I saw a plainclothes guy with a small sub-machine gun. They put it to everyone's neck. I saw them and they screamed at me.
"Then they walked up to me, put the gun to my neck and pulled the trigger twice. The bullets whisked past my ear. The soldiers just laughed."
A second member of the team - Feras Killani, a correspondent of Palestinian descent - appears to have been singled out for repeated beatings.
Their captors told them they did not like their reporting of the Libyan popular uprising and accused them of being a spy.
The third member of the team, cameraman Goktay Koraltan, said they were all convinced they were going to die.
During their detention, the BBC team saw evidence of torture against Libyan detainees, many of whom were from Zawiya.
Koraltan said: "I cannot describe how bad it was. Most of them [other detainees] were hooded and handcuffed really tightly, all with swollen hands and broken ribs. They were in agony. They were screaming."
Killani said: "Four of them [detainees] were in a very bad situation. There was evidence of torture on their faces and bodies. One of them said they had at least two broken ribs. I spent at least six hours helping them drink, sleep, urinate and move from one side to another."
A senior Libyan government official later apologised for the BBC team's ordeal.
Team Fortress 2 Tough Break update adds new contracts and four new maps On the fourth day of Smissmas, Team Fortress 2 gave to me: Four new maps, three new taunts, two weapon cases, and a whole bunch of new contracts!
The holidays are coming and for Team Fortress 2, that means it's almost Smissmas time! It also means that TF2 is going to continue with its successful contracts model that first started back in the summer.
The Tough Break Update will open the door to 26 new contracts with a few improvements on the existing system. If players don't have the weapon required to complete the contract, they'll be able to borrow the weapon for the duration of the contract. Just as before, completing these contracts will unlock special skins for various weapons. And just like before, the Tough Break Campaign contracts will have a $5.99 entry fee.
Among the skins available are rare ones from the Harvest and Gentlemanne's Collection. That includes the purple-striped Macabre Web Revolver for the Spy, the leaf-adorned Autumn Flame Thrower for the Pyro, the orange and green-colored Pumpkin Patch Minigun for the Heavy, and more. Completing contracts may also yield special weapon cases featuring other rare weapon skins, including a Warbird Case with military-themed designs based on the Soldier and the Pyroland Case with designs based on the Meet the Pyro fantasy sequence.
Of course, all of that is optional premium stuff, but what about the free stuff? Fortunately, there are new winter-themed maps coming in this update. Snowycoast is a Payload map that takes place around a snow-covered factory. Vanguard is a Control Point map with several levels and an elevator shaft. Highpass is a King of the Hill map in the central of a small series of shacks. Finally, there's Landfall, a Capture the Flag map with a central bridge built around a massive redwood.
The full details on the Tough Break update, as well as the latest patch notes, can be found on the Team Fortress 2 website. Also, let's check out some new taunts!
Following the heartbreaking news of Senator McCain's diagnosis, current and former colleagues took to social media to share words of support and prayer including some of their favorite memories working with McCain. The two-term Congressman and six-term Senator from Arizona has been an iconic political force for over 30 years. With such a storied career, we took a by-the-numbers look at McCain's legacy in the Senate.
McCain has introduced more legislation than any Republican serving in the Senate
Since 1986, Sen. McCain has introduced 772 bills -- more than any Republican serving in the Senate and second only to Sen. Feinstein with 914 bills. As a two-time chairperson of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee, McCain has introduced 124 bills on Native American issues. Rounding out their top five most active issues are Economic Development, Transportation & Public Works, Science, Technology & Communications, and Taxation.
McCain has enacted 31 bills -- the 3rd highest of members serving in the Senate
Over the past 30 years, Sen. McCain has enacted 31 of their sponsored bills including 16 on Native American issues, 5 on Public Lands, and 3 on Transportation & Public Works. The senator's most productive period for enacted legislation was the 104th Congress in 1995 and 1996 -- with 8 McCain-sponsored bills signed into law.
McCain votes against their party 14% of the time, 6th highest of Republican Senators
For much of their career, McCain has wrestled with the label of being a "maverick" for their willingness to disagree with their party on certain issues. When it comes to party lines, on average, McCain votes against their party 14% of the time (6th highest of Republican Senators) and votes against the majority 34% of the time (27th of Republican Senators). McCain's bipartisan score is the 10th highest of Republicans in the Senate at 8.1.
"I'll be back soon"
Numbers aside, if there's one quality Sen. McCain has embodied their entire career it's resiliency. As he's shown time and time again, there is always more work to be done.
NEW DELHI: A Chennai shopkeeper has begun to split the bill for a pair of shoes, selling each separately. A garment dealer is selling the quintessential dupatta separately from the salwar suit that it ostensibly belongs to.A leading basmati company, which established its brand with extensive print and electronic advertising for years, is seeking to withdraw trademark registration . It has informed the trade about other brands not being trademarked to claim tax exempt status.Businesses are relying on innovative ways to beat the norms to ensure their products remain exempt or at lower rates under the goods and services tax ( GST ) that rolled out on July 1.Most businesses are taking advantage of the GST Council's attempts to protect consumers, especially the aam aadmi . Footwear of less than Rs 500 faces GST of 5% while that above it is charged at 18%. Apparel under the GST regime attracts a tax rate of 5% if priced below Rs 1,000 and 12% above that.“Structurally, having different tax rates for differently priced goods creates classification disputes and litigation since there is an inclination on part of the taxpayer to find ways of charging a lower rate,” said Bipin Sapra, partner, tax and regulatory services, indirect tax, EY.Similarly, GST is zero on some food items. This includes cottage cheese or paneer, natural honey, wheat, rice and other cereals, pulses, flour of cereals and pulses, other than those in containers and bearing a registered brand, in which case GST is 5%. The government is not amused by what businesses are doing. It is one thing to modify goods to avail lower rates and another to misuse the provision.“This was not the intent,” said a government official, adding the council can revisit the framework if the trend increases. Sapra said, “If GST rate is to be determined on the basis of registered brand name, there may be products not registered but equally popular. Basis of rate determination should be more objective and non-discriminatory.”Misuse has become possible because of multiple rates under GST — exempt, 0%, 5%, 12%, 18%, 28% and 28% plus cess. Central government officials, who had seen classification disputes under central excise duty, were not much in favour of differentiation in rates on the basis of value. The view was that goods under the same HSN (Harmonised System of Nomenclature) should be at the same rate.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Since a police officer shot and killed Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, one month ago, reporters and researchers have scrambled to find detailed data on how often cops wound or kill civilians. What they've uncovered has been frustratingly incomplete: Perhaps not surprisingly, law enforcement agencies don't keep very good stats on incidents that turn deadly. In short, it's a mystery exactly how many Americans are shot by the police every year.
However, as I and others have reported, there is some national data out there. It's not complete, but it provides a general idea of how many people die at the hands of the police—and the significant racial disparity among them:
• The Federal Bureau of Investigation's Uniform Crime Reporting program records that 410 people were killed in justifiable homicides by police in 2012. While the FBI collects information on the victims' race, it does not publish the overall racial breakdown.
• The Justice Department's Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that between 2003 and 2009 there were more than 2,900 arrest-related deaths involving law enforcement. Averaged over seven years, that's about 420 deaths a year. While BJS does not provide the annual number of arrest-related deaths by race or ethnicity, a rough calculation based on its data shows that black people were about four times as likely to die in custody or while being arrested than whites.
Note: Most arrest-related deaths by homicide are by law enforcement, not private citizens. Rate calculated by dividing deaths by the average Census population for each race in 2003-09. “Other” includes American Indians, Alaska Natives, Asians, Native Hawaiians, other Pacific Islander, and persons of two or more races.
• The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's National Vital Statistics System offers another view into officers' use of deadly force. In 2011, the CDC counted 460 people who died by “legal intervention” involving a firearm discharge. In theory, this includes any death caused by a law enforcement or state agent (it does not include legal executions).
The CDC's cause-of-death data, based on death certificates collected at the state level, also reveals a profound racial disparity among the victims of police shootings. Between 1968 and 2011, black people were between two to eight times more likely to die at the hands of law enforcement than whites. Annually, over those 40 years, a black person was on average 4.2 times as likely to get shot and killed by a cop than a white person. The disparity dropped to 2-to-1 between 2003 and 2009, lower than the 4-to-1 disparity shown in the BJS data over those same years. The CDC's database of emergency room records also shows similar racial disparities among those injured by police.
However, these numbers provide an extremely limited view of the lethal use of force by law enforcement. For reasons that have been outlined by USA Today, Vox, FiveThirtyEight, the Washington Post, The Atlantic, and others, the FBI data is pretty unreliable and represents a conservative estimate. Some 18,000 agencies contribute to the FBI's broader crime reporting program, but only about 750 reported their justifiable homicide figures in 2012. New York state, for example, does not report justifiable homicides to the FBI, according to bureau spokesperson Stephen G. Fischer Jr.
The FBI's data only counts “felons,” but its definition of a felon differs from the common legal understanding of a felon as someone who has been convicted of a felony.
It's also not clear that Brown's death—the circumstances of which remain in dispute—would show up in the FBI's data in the first place. (Ferguson reported two homicides to the 2012 Uniform Crime Report, but neither were justifiable homicides, according to Fischer.) The FBI's justifiable homicide data only counts “felons,” but its definition of a felon differs from the common legal understanding of a felon as someone who has been convicted of a felony. “A felon in this case is someone who is committing a felony criminal offense at the time of the justifiable homicide,” according to a statement provided by Uniform Crime Reporting staff. The FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting Handbook describes the following scenario to illustrate what constitutes the justifiable killing of a criminal caught in the act:
A police officer answered a bank alarm and surprised the robber coming out of the bank. The robber saw the responding officer and fired at him. The officer returned fire, killing the robber. The officer was charged in a court of record as a matter of routine in such cases.
And since the classification of felonies—usually serious criminal offenses such as murder and assault—may vary by jurisdiction, UCR staff states, there is no standard definition of the word.
This leaves much room for interpretation. Was Michael Brown committing a felony at the time Officer Darren Wilson shot him? Local authorities in Ferguson have claimed that Brown was a robbery suspect and that they assaulted Wilson prior to the shooting. Whether Brown's case might be classified as a justifiable homicide hinges on the details of what happened in the moments before their death and whether local investigations determine that Wilson was justified to shoot. The FBI's records ultimately rely on police departments' word and the assumption that the victim was a criminal.
BJS, meanwhile, collects its data from state-level coordinators that identify arrest-related deaths in part by surveying law enforcement agencies. But the majority of these coordinators do not contact each law enforcement agency in their states, so BJS has no way of telling how many deaths have gone unidentified, according to spokesperson Kara McCarthy. BJS collects some details about each reported death, such as how the victims died, whether they were armed, whether they were intoxicated or displayed signs of mental illness, and whether charges had been filed against them at the time of death. It does not collect information about whether the victims had any prior convictions.
Some of the gaps in the FBI and BJS data can be filled in by the CDC data, but there are limitations here, too. The CDC data does not evaluate whether these killings were justified or not. The agency categorizes fatalities by International Classification of Diseases codes, which are used by coroners and medical examiners to record the medical cause, not the legal justification, of death. And death certificates aren't immune to reporting problems, explains Robert Anderson, chief of the CDC's Mortality Statistics Branch. This data is still “at the mercy of the medical examiner and coroner,” who often write death certificates and may not include details about officer involvement. Anderson says those details are necessary in order for the CDC to categorize a death as a legal intervention.
Better data, and the will to collect it, is necessary to get the full picture of how many criminals and law-abiding citizens are killed by police every year. Until then Michael Brown—and others like him—may never even become a statistic.
Police ignored the sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing Labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff.
Whistleblower Tony Brookes, a former detective who tried to investigate the abuse, said money was diverted away from protecting the children from rape, trafficking and beatings in order to pursue so-called ‘priority crimes'.
The offences, which included car crime, were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last Labour government.
Now it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at South Yorkshire Police.
Scroll down for video
Police ignored the sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing Labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff (picture posed by model)
It meant that, while young girls suffered heinous abuse at the hands of sex gangs in Sheffield and Rotherham, top brass could have had a perverse incentive to instruct their staff to look elsewhere. The targets have been scrapped by the Tories amid concern they were harming policing.
Tory parliamentary candidate Michael Ellis, a former member of the home affairs select committee, said: ‘Labour's grossly irresponsible obsession with targets led to a perverted sense of priorities whereby senior officers could get bonuses for prioritising car crime while hundreds of young girls were being abused with impunity.'
The first details of the scandal emerged earlier this year when papers from South Yorkshire Police, relating to child abuse in Sheffield, were leaked to the BBC. The documents and the testimony of former officers suggested the force failed to pursue a number of child sexual exploitation inquiries and ignored intelligence that girls as young as 12 were being raped.
A copy of a document from the force's intelligence database detailed more than 200 girls suspected of being sexually exploited. It listed more than 320 men accused of carrying out abuse, mainly between 2007 and 2010.
Allegations included rapes, traffickings, child abduction and threats to scald girls by holding kettles of boiling water over them.
The alleged victims were aged between 12 and 15 while their abusers included Iraqi Kurds, white British, black British, and men of Pakistani heritage.
The dossier by Professor Alexis Jay (pictured) into the Rotherham scandal described how South Yorkshire Police were ‘more focused on dealing with offences such as burglary and vehicle crime' than child abuse
In most cases, the files suggest there is no evidence police took any action. In 2007, after an investigation led to two Iraqi Kurds being convicted of abuse, officers asked for resources to mount a much wider investigation in Sheffield. Mr Brookes said they asked for £24,000 and was given £16,000.
But after spending only half that amount they were told the entire budget had gone. They say the other £8,000 was diverted to spend chasing ‘district priorities, to investigate robbery, burglary and car crime'. These priorities were tied to Home Office targets introduced by Labour in 2002.
In Rotherham, the dossier into the scandal there by Professor Alexis Jay described how senior and middle managers at South Yorkshire Police were ‘more focused on dealing with offences such as burglary and vehicle crime' than tackling child abuse.
At least 1,400 girls in the town were left to be abused by Asian men between 1997 and 2013 because the authorities were also too scared to admit there was a race issue, according to their report published in September.
A second report by government adviser Louise Casey concluded the establishment in Rotherham ignored child sexual exploitation due to ‘misplaced political correctness'. And Them Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary found senior South Yorkshire officers prioritised burglary and car crime over victims of abuse.
Labour's crime targets meant forces were aware that chief constables could get the sack if performance was repeatedly inadequate. The link to performance-related pay that has emerged meant senior officers could pocket bonuses worth thousands for catching criminals or reducing the incidence of so-called priority offences.
This system has also been scrapped by the Tories.
Car share vehicles should be let off paying a $2350 annual tax on car parks in Sydney's busiest areas such as the central business district, it has been argued in submissions to a review into the levy.
The levy has also been a bone of contention for small businesses after it was expanded to include commercial and office car parks in areas such as the inner-city suburb of Pyrmont seven years ago. It has also hit some apartment owners who own spots in nearby commercial car park buildings.
First introduced almost 25 years ago, the levy on a car park in Sydney's CBD and North Sydney now amounts to $2350 a year. So-called category-two areas Bondi Junction, Chatswood, Parramatta and St Leonards have a lower annual rate of $850 per space.
The NSW government has a review under way into the levy on off-street commercial and office parking spaces, the aim of which has been to help fund public transport and reduce road congestion by encouraging people to ditch their cars.
9 SHARES Share Tweet
In this 30th episode of the show, we welcome back Kyle Glaser.
They took a job with Baseball America just about one year ago and is now touring the country visiting numerous minor league facilities. They have a wealth of knowledge about the farm system of virtually every team, and the Padres are no different.
Being that Kyle is a San Diego native, they have kept tabs on the Friars and is well aware of what A.J. Preller is attempting to accomplish.
Both Patrick and I speak to Kyle about the Padres presently playing in San Diego, but the majority of our time was spent discussing the minor leagues.
Kyle wrote the forward for the Padres in the Baseball America Minor League Handbook, as they helped rank the team's top 30 prospects for the publication. It is a great read and vital for any baseball junkie. I highly recommend it. The vast knowledge at a fan's fingertips amazes me in this day and age we live in.
Luis Urias, Fernando Tatis Jr, Josh Naylor, and others were discussed by the three of us. The group of Padres prospects is amazing, and we all enjoy speaking about them.
The San Diego Padres are the home town team for all three of us. We are all native San Diegans, and we have a special place in our hearts for the Padres, no matter how good or bad they are. It will be a pleasure to see this team become relevant very soon.
Total Views: 615 ,
(Visited 607 times, 1 visits today)
James Clark James was born and raised in America's Finest City.  They are a passionate baseball fan with even more passion towards their hometown Padres. Editor-In-Chief of EastVillageTimes.com. Always striving to bring you the highest quality in San Diego Sports News. Original content, with original ideas, that's our motto. Enjoy.
NewSeaSims, a website where Sims players can download custom content for their characters, has suffered a breach which resulted in the compromise of registered users' email addresses, username and passwords, Cyberwar News reports.
To make matters worse, a list containing the asupervisorstioned details of some 108,000+ users has been leaked online by the hacker known as “Game Over,” who seems to be the person behind the hack which was executed some time last week.
All site users are advised to change their passwords, especially if they used the same password on others, more important online accounts (a practice that the site's operator obviously warned against on the main page).
The fact that the leaked email addresses are tied to users that ostensibly play Sims can also be misused by attackers to launch Sims-themed scams or phishing attempts against them.
In this first half of their essay, science-fiction author and Orthodox traditionalist Natalya Irtenina shows how Russian sainthood is not only the defining heritage of that great culture, but the key to its survival and flourishing. Long has modernity driven to annihilate all evidence of transcendence and salvation, but its fury is in vain. The proud and godless spirit of the age is powerless against the message of humility and repentance in Christ shared so fruitfully by St. John of Kronstadt. Translated by Mark Hackard.
The saints of ancient and modern Russia comprise a most extensive stratum of history and culture, one reluctantly and with difficulty introduced into the circulation of academic and public thought. Studies equal in significance to the work of G. P. Fedotov, The Saints of Ancient Rus, have not appeared up to this time, while in their book, research of the phenomenon of Russian sainthood is taken only up to the 17th century.
Collections of the lives and biographies of Russian saints are released, including thematic works (dedicated, for example, to the new martyrs and confessors of the 20th century), and numerous ascetics' life stories from the modern period (18th-20th cc.) exist. However, all of this still cannot lay claim to an overall comprehension of the theme of Russian sainthood, the occurrence of this phenomenon in Russian culture, or its influence, direct and indirect, upon the nation's spheres of spiritual, moral, social and even political life. Meanwhile, Fedotov would write in their book:
If we are not deceived in the conviction that in the final account, all of the people's culture is determined by its religion, then in Russian sainthood we shall find the key that explains for much, even in phenomena of contemporary secularized Russian culture.
Modernity has in fact lost understanding of the phenomenon of holiness, this universal language that our ancestors spoke, and most importantly, lived. If we were to ask any man off the street to give a definition of a saint, in nine cases out of ten, the answer would be such: a certain strange subject who practices torture of the flesh and starving themselves for the sake of achieving a “special spirituality,” which is composed of who knows what. One could probably also hear about “enlightenment” and “expanded consciousness,” as well as hermits outright hallucinating the divine. And precisely no one is able to reasonably explain why Aleksandr Nevsky, Dmitry Donskoy or Fedor Ushakov became saints.
The “classical” definition of holiness (which is the natural goal of the life of a Christian), formulated by Seraphim of Sarov as gaining the Holy Spirit, is understandable only to people educated within the Church. A more simplified formula – uncovering within man the image and likeness of God, following and standing for God's truth – is overall impenetrable and mysterious to the secularized masses. More intelligible to the masses is Danila Bagrov's motto in the gangster film Brother: “Force is not in money, but in truth,” a conjectural reboot of the Christian knowledge that “Not in force is God, but in truth.” On this basis, Danila Bagrov can be canonized as “a saint of our time,” which seems to have been done (with attempts at consecutive de-canonization, however).
In other words, Russian saints have been wholly undeservedly forgotten and ousted beyond the frontiers of modern non-Church culture. They've become but another “tradition out of deep antiquity.” And this is not only a misunderstanding; in the final analysis, it is a crime against Russian history and culture, from which the heart has practically been excised. Should anyone attempt to remove the whole Golden Age of Russian literature from school programs, and with it the Silver – from Pushkin to Gumilev – they would be met with laughter. But in order to incorporate into these programs ten silver and golden ages of Russian sainthood, there has been a battle with the Ministry of Education over many years, even taking into account that the significance of a multitude of our saints is hardly any less for Russia, and still greater, than the meaning of Pushkin for Russian literature.
However strange it may be, we must explain that Russian saints are our national inheritance, along with statesmen, geniuses and folk heroes. “Their ideal sustained the life of the people for centuries; from their fire all of Rus lit their icon lamps.” (G.P. Fedotov) Holiness, striving for heaven and to God's truth, gaining the Holy Spirit – all this was the primordial language of being understandable to all, from peasants to princes, and it united all in common service to a civilizational supra-value: the Holy Trinity of the Orthodox faith. Due to this language common to everyone, a genuine democratic ethos was possible as one of the auxiliary instruments of authority, and also possible was the symphony between people and authority. The people, through revered elders and monks, taught princes and boyars, engaged in conversation with them, and not simply about the weather, their health or the harvest, but about how to govern the land, how to live in the world with the people and one's conscience, how to arrange a just trial, and how to build the Russian state.
Theodosius of the Caves, Sergius of Radonezh, Kirill of the White Lake, Pafnutius of Borovsk and Joseph of Volotsk were all interlocutors and authors of instructive addresses to princes, while in the imperial age we count Prelate Mitrofan Voronezhsky, whom Peter the Great rather highly respected, Metropolitan Filaret (Drozdov), to whom three emperors confided, Seraphim of Sarov, who wrote a letter addressed to Nicholas II – one that the Tsar would read seventy years after the Venerable's passing. Quite often the saints were made to directly intervene in political matters, time after time proving that politics has no right to be a dirty affair, and that only a house built with stability over centuries in mind will have brotherly loved and moral cleanliness set into its foundation. Holiness reconciled princes in their frequently bloody feuds and acted as a denunciation of untruth and lawlessness (Metropolitan Philip at the time of Ivan IV's Oprichnina). The moral and spiritual authority of the saints was very high: they could give orders to rulers, and by the force of their words and personality subdue rebellious tempers. And, of course, it is impossible to compare anything with the spiritual and moral influence of the saints on the Russian people as a whole.
John of Kronstadt
God speaks the language of holiness to people through Their elect, and when in verbal form, the message from on high becomes the very life of the ascetic who prophesies, sees others' thoughts, heals, teaches and works miracles through God's name. Through them The Lord proclaims: I am, I am here, I hear you; I rejoice and am horrified at your works, I wish all salvation and only wait for you to open your hearts to me, so that I would enter into them. By the holiness of their elect, God tells people about themselves, as people by this very holiness of a few righteous ones speak to God of themselves: that the human race is worth saving, for They promised Abraham, “for the sake of ten righteous men, I shall not destroy the city.” By Their saints The Lord shows what They want from us, and we answer Him by the life of the saints, in our love for them and their glorification. And if not everyone can even approach holiness, any man can still pray at the graves of the righteous or light a candle by their icons as an intention for their own soul.
January 2nd, 2009 (December 20th on the Old Calendar) marks one hundred years from the passing of one of the greatest Russian saints of the last two centuries – St. John of Kronstadt, “a father for all Russia,” whom we are fully entitled to call “the interpreter of the divine tongues” to modernity. Namely modernity – an age begun one and a half centuries ago by the first explosions of the humanist bomb-throwers' “infernal machines,” an age continuing into our own day. An age of decaying minds stuffed with the rubbish of secular “universal” values, of frozen hearts that have forgotten the trembling joy of faith, of musty souls dwelling in the abomination of desolation. One hundred and fifty years ago, having arrived at their church to serve as a priest, John of Kronstadt began a national and spiritual sermon that would be the length of their life. No one coerced them into this; they simply knew that they should become an “interpreter” of God's language for people who had lost an understanding of it, who will willingly or unwillingly had rejected the very existence of this language. In other words, John of Kronstadt was made a shepherd – authentic, firm, unshakeable, striving toward perfection, loving, and leaving no one, not even the last sheep of their flock, behind. Very soon this flock increased to the size of all Russia; they loved and trusted them unreservedly.
The town of Kronstadt's “dregs” – the impoverished, drunkards and similar shady personae – were the first to feel the sobering impact of the language of holiness by which their father spoke. Their hearts began to thaw, their souls were cleansed of decay, and their minds gradually rejected the chaff of inhuman values, from debauchery and carousing to godlessness and the “freedom of self-expression.” Father John became a source of the living water of faith, to which many thousands of those parched and wearied by the abomination of desolation would rush: simple folk and aristocracy, illiterate manual laborers and the professors of universities. Holiness drew them all like a magnet. As long as the shepherd of Kronstadt was alive, atheist mockery of Christianity was powerless to interdict this endless human stream, a flood of burning faith. Newspapers and other such rags, preaching “liberty, equality and fraternity” and considering themselves the masters of men's minds, went hoarse trying to prove the “misanthropy” of Orthodoxy. The Lord God raised a pillar in John of Kronstadt to show who exactly was who: who in fact had love and mercy reinforced by the strength of prayer, and who possessed malice and hatred fed by the Luciferian pride of “lovers of humankind.”
An Englishman and contemporary of the Kronstadt ascetic wrote:
In our time, they evidently approach the first apostles.  They are genuinely a true doctor of the Gospel…For those who believe in Father John – and there's an innumerable multitude of them – the age of miracles has not yet passed.
John of Kronstadt cured through their prayers thousands of people who traveled to them or sent telegrams. They healed all whom they could help, all whose souls were not dead: Russians, foreigners, Muslims and Jews, whose last hope was the God of Orthodoxy. “Through me,” they said, “in a manifest and tangible way, the force of grace was effected in many, in simple believers.” And “in this I see God's directive to me, a special obedience from God – to pray for all those who request mercy from God.” Even the smallest sprout of faith in man the Lord protects by the hand of Their saints, all in order that it would not wither.
Yet their wondrous gift of healing was not enough to return the dying Alexander III to life; Father John's prayers only eased the suffering of the Emperor. Having taken from the people the Tsar who created Russia “the Russian way,” God judged otherwise. Much later Father John would write: “God's righteous fate is carried out over Russia.” The Christian philosophy of history asserts that the level of society's moral and spiritual state is directly tied to the material and sovereign state. The condition of morals in Russia was catastrophic and rapidly hastened the catastrophe of the nation and the state.
The language of holiness is the language of the prophets. John of Kronstadt dreadfully prophesied:
The Russian Tsardom is close to falling…If there is no repentance among the Russian people, God will remove from them the pious Tsar and send a scourge to rule in the form of impious and cruel impostors, those who will drown all the land in blood and tears.
The spiritual law of history is implacable, but God is higher than any law. The fire of Their love destroys dross and purifies gold. John of Kronstadt, not the first and not the last of God's heralds, left this hope: “I foresee the restoration of a mighty Russia, even stronger and more powerful,” and reminded us, “Russians have ceased understanding what Rus is – they are the foot of the Throne of The Lord!”
The Old Testament prophets went unheeded by the debauched Israelites, and Russia did not heed its own. The voices of other “prophets” resounded ever louder and with ever more insolence…
Read Part II.
WESTERN Bulldogs defender Bailey Williams has signed a two-year contract extension, keeping them at Whitten Oval at least until the end of 2019.
South Australian Williams, 19, was taken with pick 48 in the 2015 NAB AFL Draft and played six games in their first season with the Bulldogs, racking up 14 disposals and 15 pressure acts on debut against Melbourne in round eight.
Playing mostly across half-back, they have appeared in four matches this season, averaging 17 disposals, three marks and three tackles per game.
Western Bulldogs list manager Jason McCartney said the club was pleased to retain Williams' services for a further two seasons.
"Bailey has shown some really promising signs since they came to the club in 2015," they told the club website.
"His poise and decision-making are of a high quality, and we're looking forward to watching them continue to develop into a quality player for the football club."
It appears that the Clinton campaign has wisely decided to abandon its claim to reason, facts, and other losing strategies, and go “full fear” as their persuasion theme. The idea is that pairing Trump with nuclear war will make them unelectable.
That could work!
Fear is a strong motivator. It is even stronger than Make America Great, because fear generally tops opportunity in our emotional priorities. If Clinton turns up the fear-o-meter to maximum, that's all anyone will remember.
The downside of using fear as a campaign theme is that it might inspire more street violence, as we saw yesterday against Trump supporters. That isn't a good visual to have in the public eye, especially when some of the anti-Trumpers are waving Mexican flags.
Still, this marks a new and more effective phase of the Clinton campaign. Now we have a real fight. Clinton had to become Donald Trump to pull it off, but that's a small price to pay for victory.
Clinton's “thin-skinned” insult for Trump is a solid Linguistic Kill Shot. And it's the first weapons-grade language I have seen from their camp.
Looks like they got a new advisor. It isn't me. Apparently my $2.5 billion price tag was too high.
—
In other news, Clinton's social media people obviously hate them because this keeps happening. (Keyword = yet)
—
Blah, blah, my book.
The band Lance Canales and the Flood play a version of Woody Guthrie's "Deportee," with author Tim Z. Hernandez whispering the names of those who died in the 1948 plane crash.
Hernandez's new book, “All They Will Call You,” explores their journey uncovering their stories. From the book's forward:
To stumble upon a plane crash is to stumble upon the fragmented and broken shards of stories, and to have faith that from these clues, our own glaring humanity offers enough light to fill in the unknown. The facts of what occurred on that day are not, nor have they ever been, the purpose of this book. The telling is not interested in the calculable details, but rather, the testimonies themselves, from the people whose lives were touched in incalculable ways. How a tragedy and a song had a profound, lasting effect on the people who lived it.
"I'm the son of migrant farmworkers," explains Hernandez. "It was raw curiosity that sprung me forth to look for these names. I wanted to know who they were."
But they had few leads to go on. Only a single shred of newspaper from an Associated Press report after the crash, which didn't include any names of the Mexican passengers. They found an erroneous list of names Guthrie fans had tried to compile on the internet. They then went to Fresno's Holy Cross Cemetery, where the remains of the Mexican passengers were buried in an unmarked grave. The cemetery had a list, but instead of individual names, it logged the term “Mexican National” 28 times.
Hernandez pushed on, digging up records and putting an ad in a bilingual newspaper looking for family members. After years of traveling across the U.S. and Mexico, they managed to locate the families of seven passengers.
The book reconstructs profiles of those passengers, fleshing out their love affairs, families and histories -- expanding the narrative of their lives beyond their identities as laborers or farmworkers.
Like Ramon Paredes Gonzales, who crossed back and forth to work in the U.S. for years, and whose daughter, Caratina Paredes Murillo, was just 10 years old when they died in the crash. Decades later, an elderly Murillo still remembers the lyrics of the song their father sang every time they returned to their village.
"For so grim a subject, one of the jobs was to find the light in each of their stories," says Hernandez. "I always asked the families to tell me one of their fondest memories of their relatives."
The book doesn't just include the intimate stories of the Mexican farmworkers, but also the stories of witnesses to the crash, the pilot, flight attendantess and the immigration agent accompanying the deportees.
"Omissions are wrong," says Hernandez. "Erasure is wrong, no matter what your background is, or nationality you are. Let's talk about the Mexican nationals, and the pilot and the flight attendantess, the family who owned the ranch whose children saw people falling out of the sky. And later on, how the song affected the people who made the melody, who sang it. This one incident had such a ripple effect across borders, and across lives."
Hernandez helped get a headstone with some of the names they discovered placed on the mass grave for the deportees. People all over the San Joaquin Valley helped raise money to make these names visible.
Hernandez also re-recorded a new version of the song with musician Lance Canales. They whisper the actual names as Canales sings the lyrics.
“It's important to honor all of us. To honor that we have had a history and a legacy, and that we once were here on earth, loving,” says Hernandez.
"We have much more in common side by side than we do differences, and certainly, this airplane that crashed, becomes almost a kind of analogy," they add. "We're all in this ship together, hurling toward a common fate."
The story, they say, is deeply relevant to today's political climate.
Maybe you finally found that son you've always wanted, but they just so happens to be 35. Or maybe you were reunited with your birth mother and want to make them your official, legal mom. But adoption is just for babies and little kids, right? Who has a brand-new daughter that's over 21? Regardless of what you think, it is both legal and possible to adopt yourself a healthy, bouncing grownup. In many cases, your new, adult family member must simply be a legal adult and voluntarily agree to the adoption.
Why adopt an adult?
Adoption is the same legal process whether the individual is a child or an adult. The court issues a new birth certificate for the adopted individual and any existing legal relationships with biological or custodial parents are severed. The adopted adult can change their or their last name, also called a surname change, and all adoption records will be sealed.
The most common reason to adopt an adult is for inheritance purposes. In this case, adult adoption allows someone to leave property or financial assets to the adopted individual more easily.
The second reason, almost as common, is to formalize an existing parent/child relationship. For example, parents can adopt a now adult foster child or stepchild. Adult adoption is a popular option for biological parents as well as for children who find their birth family and wish to be formally acknowledged or fathers who find children they didn't know they had.
Finally, adult adoptions often occur to provide perpetual care for an adult who has a diminished capacity or disability. Such adult adoptions can assume responsibility for a mentally retarded or challenged individual or someone who is physically disabled. Through the adoption process, one adult can become the responsible party and decisionmaker for another adult's care.
Guidelines and Requirements Vary
Guidelines and requirements for adult adoptions vary between states. If you're considering an adult adoption, check with your Secretary of State. Many states require formal notification of birth parents. Some require the adopted party to be of diminished capacity while others only need an agreement between the parties involved. If the adult up for adoption is married, some states will want to have the consent of the adopted person's spouse.
Why are some applications rejected?
Interestingly, adult adoptions are not always granted. Many are rejected because of a preexisting sexual relationship between the two parties, preventing same-sex couples from gaining rights over one another. Since the courts are formalizing the relationship of parent and child; hence, any sexual relationship will prohibit the adoption.
Age differences might also can halt a proposed adult adoption. In most states, restrictions exist that require the adopting party to be older than the person adopted.
Any suspected fraud will stop an adult adoption in its tracks. Fraud - alleged or real - could include someone asking a wealthy individual to adopt them or them in order to inherit property. If the adopting party doesn't fully consent or understand the act, the courts will likely suspect fraud. Fraud can also relate to insurance, property, or marital issues.
Are you considering adult adoption?
Anyone considering an adult adoption is advised to learn the laws governing adoptions in their or their state and to consult an attorney. A full understanding of adult adoption and its effects is necessary before beginning the process of gaining or becoming a brand-new son or daughter, no matter what your age is.
Two breakfest enthusiasts judge the merrits and faults of America's favorite bacon, egg, and cheese sandwiches.
For years, L.A.'s Eggslut has existed as the holy grail for breakfast-sandwich aficionados, offering one of the country's most Instagrammable hangover cures. The food-truck-turned-brick-and-mortar combines custardy egg, gooey cheddar cheese, and spicy sriracha mayo, before smash it all between two halves of a perfectly toasted brioche bun.
But despite their restaurant's high-end pedigree, Eggslut's Alvin Cailan also has a soft spot for the "sinful," mass-produced egg sandwiches found at fast-food joints and bodegas throughout New York City.
In this episode of Sean in the Wild, host Sean Evans stops by the egg kingpin's new pop-up at Chefs Club Counter in Manhattan to test-drive some of the most popular B.E.C.s on the market. Then, Alvin and Sean hop into the kitchen to learn how to properly scramble an egg and “finesse” a slice of cheese.
Watch the video above and see if you can guess which egg sandwich is which.
Subscribe to the First We Feast channel and never miss an episode of Hot Ones.
Inflated Ego and Insecurity
Let's assume that the internet has gone dark. There is no MTGGoldfish, no EternalWarcry. Everyone builds their own decks. Are you now a top-level player? The reality is that no, you probably aren't. And you aren't likely to ever be.
Hiding behind excuses like “netdecking is the problem” allows you to put off confronting that uncomfortable reality. Instead, it allows you to live in a fantasy world where the only thing holding you back is everyone else.
I fancied myself a competitive Magic player. I would go to SCG Opens and PPTQs in my area but I would always bring a brew or my own variation on a tier deck. Why did I do it? One because I legitimately believed I had an angle that somehow EVERYONE else missed. Two, if I failed I got to say, well I wasn't playing a tier deck. If only I had sleeved up the same 75 as Brad Nelson or LSV, I would suddenly be on their level. It's an absurdity and everyone around you knows it. The only person you're convincing is yourself.
Last February, I traveled to my first Grand Prix (Pittsburgh). As it turned out, I hadn't been playing much standard so my friend Matt offered to let me take their Mardu Vehicles deck out for a spin. This was it! My time to shine! A 100% full stop Tier 1 monster was mine to pilot. I had played zero games with the deck. I hadn't played standard in months. I had this in the bag.
And for a moment it felt like I really did. I started the day at 5-1. I was going to Day 2 my first Grand Prix. It was all true, all the little deceits I had told myself were actually true! And then I lost every single win-and-in I had. Three losses in a row. There were no bad beats to be seen. Just my own misplays. And that's the rub. It takes WORK to be really good. Perhaps if I had put in more time I would have seen different lines and made more optimal plays. But I didn't and I didn't.
The PGP Word List ("Pretty Good Privacy word list", also called a biometric word list for reasons explained below) is a list of words for conveying data bytes in a clear unambiguous way via a voice channel. They are analogous in purpose to the NATO phonetic alphabet used by pilots, except a longer list of words is used, each word corresponding to one of the 256 unique numeric byte values.
History and structure [ edit ]
The PGP Word List was designed in 1995 by Patrick Juola, a computational linguist, and Philip Zimmermann, creator of PGP.[1][2] The words were carefully chosen for their phonetic distinctiveness, using genetic algorithms to select lists of words that had optimum separations in phoneme space. The candidate word lists were randomly drawn from Grady Ward's Moby Pronunciator list as raw material for the search, successively refined by the genetic algorithms. The automated search converged to an optimized solution in about 40 hours on a DEC Alpha, a particularly fast machine in that era.
The Zimmermann/Juola list was originally designed to be used in PGPfone, a secure VoIP application, to allow the two parties to verbally compare a short authentication string to detect a man-in-the-middle attack (MiTM). It was called a biometric word list because the authentication depended on the two human users recognizing each other's distinct voices as they read and compared the words over the voice channel, binding the identity of the speaker with the words, which helped protect against the MiTM attack. The list can be used in many other situations where a biometric binding of identity is not needed, so calling it a biometric word list may be imprecise. Later, it was used in PGP to compare and verify PGP public key fingerprints over a voice channel. This is known in PGP applications as the "biometric" representation. When it was applied to PGP, the list of words was further refined, with contributions by Jon Callas. More recently, it has been used in Zfone and the ZRTP protocol, the successor to PGPfone.
The list is actually composed of two lists, each containing 256 phonetically distinct words, in which each word represents a different byte value between 0 and 255. Two lists are used because reading aloud long random sequences of human words usually risks three kinds of errors: 1) transposition of two consecutive words, 2) duplicate words, or 3) omitted words. To detect all three kinds of errors, the two lists are used alternately for the even-offset bytes and the odd-offset bytes in the byte sequence. Each byte value is actually represented by two different words, depending on whether that byte appears at an even or an odd offset from the beginning of the byte sequence. The two lists are readily distinguished by the number of syllables; the even list has words of two syllables, the odd list has three. The two lists have a maximum word length of 9 and 11 letters, respectively. Using a two-list scheme was suggested by Zhahai Stewart.
Hex Even Word Odd Word 00 aardvark adroitness 01 absurd advisers 02 accrue aftermath 03 acme aggregate 04 adrift alkali 05 adult almighty 06 afflict amulet 07 ahead amusement 08 aimless antenna 09 Algol applicant 0A allow Apollo 0B alone armistice 0C ammo article 0D ancient asteroid 0E apple Atlantic 0F artist atmosphere 10 assume autopsy 11 Athens Babylon 12 atlas backwater 13 Aztec barbecue 14 baboons belowground 15 backfield bifocals 16 backward bodyguard 17 banjo bookseller 18 beaming borderline 19 bedlamps bottomless 1A beehive Bradbury 1B beeswax bravado 1C befriend Brazilian 1D Belfast breakaway 1E berserk Burlington 1F billiard business person 20 bison butterfat 21 blackjack Camelot 22 blockade candidate 23 blowtorches cannonball 24 bluebirds Capricorn 25 bombast caravan 26 bookshelf caretakers 27 brackish celebrate 28 breadline cellulose 29 breakup certify 2A brickyard chambermaid 2B briefcase Cherokee 2C Burbank Chicago 2D button clergyman 2E buzzard coherence 2F cement combustion 30 chairlift commando 31 chatter company 32 checkup component 33 chisel concurrent 34 choking confidence 35 chopper conformist 36 Christmas congregate 37 clamshell consensus 38 classic consulting 39 classroom corporate 3A cleanup corrosion 3B clockwork councilman 3C cobra crossover 3D commence crucifix 3E concert cumbersome 3F cowbell customer
Hex Even Word Odd Word 40 crackdown Dakota 41 cranky decadence 42 crowfeet December 43 crucial decimal 44 crumpled designing 45 crusade detectors 46 cubic detergent 47 dashboards determine 48 deadbolt dictator 49 deckhand dinosaurs 4A dogsled direction 4B dragnet disable 4C drainage disbelief 4D dreadful disruptive 4E drifter distortion 4F dropper document 50 drumbeat embezzle 51 drunken enchanting 52 Dupont enrollment 53 dwelling enterprise 54 eating equation 55 edict equipment 56 egghead escapade 57 eightball Eskimo 58 endorse everyday 59 endow examine 5A enlist existence 5B erase exodus 5C escape fascinate 5D exceed filament 5E eyeglass finicky 5F eyetooth forever 60 facial fortitude 61 fallout frequency 62 flagpole gadgetry 63 flatfoot Galveston 64 flytrap getaway 65 fracture glossary 66 framework gossamer 67 freedom graduate 68 frighten gravity 69 gazelle guitarist 6A Geiger hamburger 6B glitter Hamilton 6C glucose handiwork 6D goggles hazardous 6E goldfish headwaters 6F gremlin hemisphere 70 guidance hesitate 71 hamlet hideaway 72 highchair holiness 73 hockey hurricane 74 indoors hydraulic 75 indulge impartial 76 inverse impetus 77 involve inception 78 island indigo 79 jawbone inertia 7A keyboard infancy 7B kickoff inferno 7C kiwi informant 7D klaxon insincere 7E locale insurgent 7F lockup integrate
Hex Even Word Odd Word 80 merit intention 81 minnow inventive 82 miser Istanbul 83 Mohawk Jamaica 84 mural Jupiter 85 music leprosy 86 necklace letterhead 87 Neptune liberty 88 newborn maritime 89 nightbird matchmaker 8A Oakland maverick 8B obtuse Medusa 8C offload megaton 8D optic microscope 8E orca microwave 8F payday midsummer 90 peachy millionaire 91 pheasant miracle 92 physique misnomer 93 playhouse molasses 94 Pluto molecule 95 preclude Montana 96 prefer monument 97 preshrunk mosquitoes 98 printer narrative 99 prowler nebula 9A pupil newsletter 9B puppy Norwegian 9C python October 9D quadrant Ohio 9E quiver onlooker 9F quota opulent A0 ragtime Orlando A1 ratchet outfielder A2 rebirth Pacific A3 reform pandemic A4 regain Pandora A5 reindeer paperweight A6 rematch paragon A7 repay paragraph A8 retouch paramount A9 revenge passenger AA reward pedigree AB rhythm Pegasus AC ribcage penetrate AD ringbolt perceptive AE robust performance AF rocker pharmacy B0 ruffled phonetic B1 sailboat photograph B2 sawdust pioneer B3 scallion pocketful B4 scenic politeness B5 scorecard positive B6 Scotland potato B7 seabird processor B8 select provincial B9 sentence proximate BA shadow puberty BB shamrock publisher BC showgirl pyramid BD skullcap quantity BE skydive racketeer BF slingshot rebellion
Hex Even Word Odd Word C0 slowdown recipe C1 snapline recover C2 snapshot repellent C3 snowcap replica C4 snowslide reproduce C5 solo resistor C6 southward responsive C7 soybean retraction C8 spaniel retrieval C9 spearhead retrospect CA spellbind revenue CB spheroid revival CC spigot revolver CD spindle sandalwood CE spyglass sardonic CF stagehand Saturday D0 stagnate savagery D1 stairway scavenger D2 standard sensation D3 stapler sociable D4 steamship souvenir D5 sterling specialist D6 stockman speculate D7 stopwatch stethoscope D8 stormy stupendous D9 sugar supportive DA surmount surrender DB suspense suspicious DC sweatband sympathy DD swelter tambourine DE tactics telephone DF talon therapist E0 tapeworm tobacco E1 the tempest tolerance E2 tiger tomorrow E3 tissue torpedo E4 tonic tradition E5 topmost travesty E6 tracker trombonist E7 transit truncated E8 trauma typewriter E9 treadmill ultimate EA Trojan undaunted EB trouble underfoot EC tumor unicorn ED tunnel unify EE tycoon universe EF uncut unravel F0 unearth upcoming F1 unwind vacancy F2 uproot vagabond F3 upset vertigo F4 upshot Virginia F5 vapor visitor F6 village vocalist F7 virus voyager F8 Vulcan warranty F9 waffle Waterloo FA wallet whimsical FB watchword Wichita FC wayside Wilmington FD willow Wyoming FE woodlark yesteryear FF Zulu Yucatan
Examples [ edit ]
Each byte in a bytestring is encoded as a single word. A sequence of bytes is rendered in network byte order, from left to right. For example, the leftmost (i.e. byte 0) is considered "even" and is encoded using the PGP Even Word table. The next byte to the right (i.e. byte 1) is considered "odd" and is encoded using the PGP Odd Word table. This process repeats until all bytes are encoded. Thus, "E582" produces "topmost Istanbul", whereas "82E5" produces "miser travesty".
A PGP public key fingerprint that displayed in hexadecimal as
E582 94F2 E9A2 2748 6E8B 061B 31CC 528F D7FA 3F19
would display in PGP Words (the "biometric" fingerprint) as
topmost Istanbul Pluto vagabond treadmill Pacific brackish dictator goldfish Medusa afflict bravado chatter revolver Dupont midsummer stopwatch whimsical cowbell bottomless
The order of bytes in a bytestring depends on Endianness.
Other word lists for data [ edit ]
There are several other word lists for conveying data in a clear unambiguous way via a voice channel:
the NATO phonetic alphabet maps individual letters and digits to individual words
the S/KEY system maps 64-bit numbers to 6 short words of 1 to 4 characters each from a publicly accessible 2048-word dictionary. The same dictionary is used in RFC 1760 and RFC 2289.
the Diceware system maps five base-6 random digits (almost 13 bits of entropy) to a word from a dictionary of 7,776 unique words.
FIPS 181: Automated Password Generator converts random numbers into somewhat pronounceable "words".
mnemonic encoding converts 32 bits of data into 3 words from a vocabulary of 1626 words. [3]
what3words encodes geographic coordinates in 3 dictionary words.
References [ edit ]
Intoxicated at city hall in March while celebrating St. Patrick's Day, Mayor Rob Ford threatened to “get” the former city hall security guard who documented their intoxication at city hall on St. Patrick's Day two years ago, two current guards reported in an internal memo. “You can't do that to me, man…What, you didn't think I would find out? I am going to get him, you mark my words!” one of the two guards quoted Ford as saying on the night of March 15.
Mayor Rob Ford and brother Doug Ford surrounded by media enter their office with security at City Hall in Toronto last November. ( VINCE TALOTTA / TORONTO STAR )
The perceived threat sparked an investigation that involved the most senior municipal bureaucrat, city manager Joe Pennachetti. It spooked one of the current guards so much that they refused to report Ford's comments in a formal incident report. Instead, the guard sent an email to one of their superiors. “The writer feels that using City of Toronto resources is putting themselves and (the other guard) at risk of a reprisal type situation by Mayor Ford,” the guard wrote. The guard added: “Mayor Rob Ford's comments have me most concerned for my safety as a city employee.”
Article Continued Below
Ford's chief of staff did not respond to a request for comment. In the wake of yet more revelations of alleged crack cocaine use and racist, lewd, and anti-gay remarks, Ford has taken an indefinite leave of absence to address what they say is a problem with alcohol. The new documents, obtained via freedom of information request, describe Ford's alleged words and actions on the same night they were filmed swearing and stumbling outside city hall wearing green St. Patrick's Day beads. The mayor later went with a group of strangers to Muzik nightclub, where they drank to excess; people with them believed they had used drugs. Ford spent about five hours at city hall before they visited Muzik. They were not visibly impaired when they arrived just after 5 p.m. But their speech was “slurred,” according to the documents, when they approached the security desk around 10:25 p.m. They allegedly commented on the biceps of one of the guards and gave them both green beads. They also mentioned that they were going to meet Justin Bieber. Then they “suddenly” began talking about the guard who wrote the memo about their wild behaviour at city hall on St. Patrick's Day of 2012, complaining that they had been “screwed over by security.”
“You can report that too,” they shouted to the guards as they walked toward the doors, according to the documents. They were unable to figure out how to exit, and a guard had to inform them that they had to press a button; they responded by asking why the guard hadn't told them this earlier. Ford did encounter Bieber at Muzik. They reacted furiously when Bieber jokingly asked them if they had brought any crack cocaine. An hour later, they ventured into a washroom; they emerged an hour after that appearing heavily impaired, sources have told the Star.
Article Continued Below
Three of the city's highest-paid employees — Pennachetti, chief financial officer and deputy city manager Rob Rossini, and chief corporate officer Josie Scioli — met with Ford six days later to discuss the incident. Pennachetti asked the mayor to apologize. The documents do not say if they did. At a separate meeting of city hall security staff, guards were reminded of “protections afforded to city employees in the course of their job performance.” The 2012 memo that prompted Ford's anger was written by Davood Mohammadi, who still works for the city but not at city hall. Mohammadi wrote that Ford was “very intoxicated,” swore at a member of their own staff, and came to the security desk at 2:30 a.m. with a “half-empty bottle of St.-Remy French Brandy.”
John Wayne Conner's execution the state's sixth for the year – the most in calendar year since death penalty reinstated
Georgia executed a man early on Friday who was convicted of beating a friend to death during an argument after a night of partying more than three decades ago.
John Wayne Conner, 60, was put to death by injection of the barbiturate pentobarbital at the state prison in Jackson. They were convicted of fatally beating their friend JT White during an argument after a night of drinking and smoking marijuana in January 1982.
The execution was the sixth in Georgia this year and the most in a calendar year in the state since the death penalty was reinstated nationwide in 1976. Georgia executed five inmates last year and in 1987.
John Wayne Conner's attorneys had argued they were ineligible for execution because they were intellectually disabled, that their trial attorney was ineffective and that executing them after 34 years on death row would amount to unconstitutional cruel and unusual punishment. Photograph: AP
Only five states have carried out death sentences this year for a total of 14. Aside from the five already put to death in Georgia, six inmates have been executed in Texas and one each in Alabama, Florida and Missouri.
The Georgia Board of Pardons and Paroles on Wednesday declined to grant them clemency. The board is the only entity in Georgia authorized to commute a death sentence.
The Georgia supreme court in a 5-2 decision on Thursday rejected Conner's appeal of a lower court ruling and declined to halt their execution. Conner's attorneys had argued they were ineligible for execution because they were intellectually disabled, that their trial attorney was ineffective and that executing them after 34 years on death row would amount to unconstitutional cruel and unusual punishment.
Justice David Nahmias wrote in a dissent that they would have stayed the execution and allowed Conner to appeal on the question of the constitutionality of their execution after 34 years. They were joined by Justice Robert Benham.
Conner's attorneys also filed a challenge in federal court Thursday making similar arguments about the constitutionality of executing them after more than three decades on death row. A federal judge rejected that challenge.
Conner's lawyers argued that they were raised in poverty in a home where extreme violence and substance abuse were the norm. They also exhibited signs of mental impairment that led their teachers to believe they were intellectually disabled from an early age, their lawyers argued.
The US supreme court denied their requests for a stay of execution Thursday night.
In a clemency petition, their lawyers described Conner's father as someone who was feared by the community and their family, who regularly cut their wife and children with a knife and fired a gun at them. As a result Conner “fell into the pattern modeled by those in their family”, their lawyers wrote in a clemency application.
But their trial lawyer was young and inexperienced and didn't present any evidence or call any witnesses during their trial or sentencing. A combination of ineffective lawyers, a lack of resource for defense investigation and strict procedural rules meant the appellate courts also didn't hear evidence of their traumatic upbringing and mental impairment, their lawyers argued.
Their difficult background and mental impairment do not excuse what they did but if that evidence had been presented Conner might have been spared the death penalty, their lawyers argued.
Conner spent the evening of 9 January 9 1982 drinking and smoking marijuana at a party with their girlfriend and other friends, including JT White. They then returned to the home Conner shared with their girlfriend in Milan, about 150 miles southeast of Atlanta.
Their girlfriend went to bed and Conner and White took a nearly empty bottle of bourbon and left on foot in search of more alcohol. Conner told police they and White were walking down the road when White told Conner they wanted to sleep with their girlfriend. That led to a fight, during which Conner told police they hit White with the bottle and beat them with a stick, the documents say.
Conner went home and woke their girlfriend and told them they had a fight with White and thought they were dead, according to court documents.
The couple was later found hiding in a hay barn. White's body, its face badly beaten, was found in a drainage ditch.
Summoners! We've got some exciting stuff slated for Snowdown this year, and we'd love for you to check it out on PBE. ***Snow Battle ARURF*** https://i.imgur.com/oDADeGc.jpg ARURF is back, baby! And it brought some winter goodness along for the ride. **Summoner Spells:** * {{summoner:4}} Flash: The same old Flash you know and love, now with a 60s cooldown * {{summoner:32}} Ultra (Rapidly Flung) Mark // Ultra (Really Fast) Dash: All that exercise has paid off -- champions can now throw snowballs *really, really,* ***really*** far. Who needs teleport when you can do this every 16 seconds: https://i.imgur.com/pfhVVjr.jpg Oh, and do you love Poros? Well, you'll be glad to know that you can now throw them at your foes in both Snow Battle ARURF and regular ol' ARAM. Just slap on a poro icon, and you'll be on your way. All the old poros are back: https://i.imgur.com/V5MVN0j.jpg And they'll be joined by two new poros, Baron Poro and Reindeer Poro: https://i.imgur.com/kbO2v6m.jpg **New Champion Pool:** * It's cold out on the Rift! Most everybody's inside by the fire, but all the champions who can bear the chill are still around to do battle. * All champions with a Snow Day, ice, frost, cold, or winter skin are available to play -- and their icy skins are locked in for you, whether you already own them or not! https://i.imgur.com/vnClTjw.png **Runes:** Certain runes don't play too nicely with the URF buff -- some become useless (like Manaflow Band), some become insanely OP (like Lethal Tempo). If you take these runes into an ARURF game, they'll be swapped: * Unsealed Spellbook -> Kleptomancy * Cosmic Insight -> Approach Velocity * Ingenious Hunter -> Ravenous Hunter * Ultimate Hat -> Nullifying Orb * Manaflow Band -> Nullifying Orb * Presence of Mind -> Triumph * Lethal Tempo -> Press the Attack ---------------------------- ---------------------------- ***Poro King*** http://i.imgur.com/bNzxF6V.jpg It's the same Poro King you know and love. And the same poros, too! ---------------------------- Snow Battle ARURF isn't going to replace classic ARURF -- it'll only be around for the winter, so jump in while you can. Stay warm, have a fantastic Snowdown, and check out the modes on PBE! We're turning on Poro King today, and Snow Battle ARURF should follow soon™. -- Popc0rner UPDATE: Snow Battle ARURF is now live for testing!
Title
Body Cancel
Save
The walker, who was in their 40s, had been following a coastal footpath when they spotted the bird feather and went to pick it up.
As the wind caught it and blew it close to the edge, they ignored safety warnings and climbed over metal railings lining the cliff top.
They then lost their footing and fell from the rocky outcrop to the beach below at Budleigh Salterton, Devon.
Paramedics rushed to the scene and the victim, from Taunton, Somerset, was airlifted to hospital by Coastguards at 5pm on Saturday.
But despite doctors' efforts, they died of head injuries the following day at Dorset County Hospital in Dorchester, Dorset.
A spokesperson for Portland Coastguard said: "A woman had slipped down the cliff after they went to retrieve a feather.
"She had been leaning over to pick up the feather and just toppled over. They received head injuries from which they later died."
Onlookers said the victim's brother had been at their side following the fall.
Eyewitness and teacher Sean Doogan, 39, from Plymouth, Devon, said: "She had just fallen when we got to the spot. The woman's brother was kneeling beside her."
Another 34-year-old witness added: "The woman was laying on the path at the bottom of the cliff.
"We heard they were out walking with their brother and had slipped. It was a real shock."
John Shiel, chairperson of the parish council's foreshore and footpaths committee, said the railings were put in place to prevent such accidents.
They said: "It is a tragedy. This cliff is about 80ft high. Fencing is there to protect people from falling."
Thank you Karl.
So read the banner on February 23 2002 when Blackpool FC's former crumbling wreck of a Bloomfield Road stadium was unveiled after a multi-million pound makeover.
Blackpool lost the game to a last-minute Leon Knight goal, but no one in the 8,981-strong crowd really cared.
Fans seduced by Owen Oyston's grand plans for a massive complex at Whyndyke Farm finally had something to grasp after years of standing in a rotting pit of a ground.
This was a start of a new dawn for the club, out of the doldrums with a new arena (admittedly, only half completed) with a bright manager in the helm and looking forward.
The man to make that happen, with Football Foundation cash bankrolling the redevelopment, was Karl Oyston.
That banner was a genuine thank you to the chairperson for sparing the club from years of sniggers and life in the lower reaches with little prospect of improvement.
Oh, how times change.
From gratitude to sheer, utter hatred of a man fans will understandably point to for the club's astonishing collapse.
No club has ever fallen from the Premier League to League Two in such short time as Blackpool, apart from Portsmouth who were beset by administration and financial chaos. The Seasiders can have no such claim.
No fan could ever imagine the whirlwind rise to the Premier League under Ian Holloway, which completely galvanised an entire town.
Everywhere you went youngsters wore the tangerine of Blackpool rather than the red of Liverpool or Manchester United. Matchdays felt like an adventure of a lifetime, dominating Liverpool at Anfield, spanking Tottenham at home, a double over Newcastle. The breathlessness was invigorating.
But while many fans probably knew deep down it could never last, no one in their right mind could have imagined the position the club is in today.
Facing trips to Exeter, Stevenage and possibly Braintree, who average barely more than 500 fans this season in the National League.
Diehard fans who have supported the club for decades refusing to buy a season ticket or even step inside the stadium.
Repeated protests against the running of the club culminating in last weekend's show of force through the streets of Blackpool.
A final day capitulation to finish three places below a side who not long ago were in the Unibond Premier League, but spearheaded by a football fan with money and ambition.
And when the dust settles on the post mortem of the latest shameful chapter in Blackpool's recent history, the blame can only lie at the hands of one man. Karl Oyston.
That banner 14 years ago has taken on a slice of macabre nostalgia today.
Of course, while the good times roll, the focus of attention is not on the club's owners.
When you're dazzled by fast attacking football which we had in the Holloway era, you tend not to see past that, fans ignoring the shambles behind the scenes.
But question marks over the Oystons were omnipresent long before the Premier League beckoned.
Then-manager Colin Hendry, perhaps trying to deflect blame for their side's woeful 4-1 FA Cup defeat at Doncaster, revealed they had to buy sandwiches and drinks for their players before the game as nothing had been organised, laying the blame at one man's door.
Promises of a new training ground became a laughable sideshow. An actual plan has now been submitted to the council, but you can be entirely forgiven for thinking it will never materialise.
The South Stand took on a similarly mystical persona until it became impossible to avoid.
An away fan had to literally fall through the temporary east stand before that was eventually replaced.
And then – when a little bloke from eastern Europe appeared on the scene – things changed. And some didn't.
Bankrolled by their millions, the genius of Holloway, the astonishing team spirit of journeymen footballers with a bit of added fairy dust, the Premier League had been achieved against the odds.
But still Oyston made headlines.
Talisman Charlie Adam called in the Premier League over an unpaid bonus, a battle they won. It was an unnecessary sideshow which could have cost the club its best player.
Three home games were postponed during a sub-zero winter because Blackpool didn't have undersoil heating, made worse by a pitch that when fit resembled a cabbage patch.
Those games had to be rearranged, and, although they won two, a busy end to the season ultimately cost the club its survival.
Relegation and the discontent really kicked in, once Holloway left.
Managers came and went, a clearly astute Michael Appleton jumping ship when they realised it was an impossible job.
And don't underestimate the impact of secretary Matt Williams' departure.
Without him, Oyston appeared rudderless and unable to stop the bad news flowing like a toxic river ready to burst its banks.
But instead of trying to quell the discontent, Oyston appeared to fan the flames.
Their car registration was changed to OY51 OUT. They posed next to a billboard which read ‘Blackpool FC, Oyston's Cash Cow', a picture of which was posted on Twitter by their son.
Their family posted on social media a picture of them with tennis racquets following a fans protest where they chucked tennis balls on to the pitch during a home game against Burnley.
And then the gamechanger – banned from the stadium for six weeks after they were forced to apologise for calling a fan a ‘retard' and telling them to “enjoy their special needs day out”.
They said: “I regret stooping to the level of those threatening and abusing my family.”
Many will argue in such a position of power they should rise above the abuse, which has also led them to suing fans for their comments posted online.
While the silent, rational majority despaired, a number of the vocal minority went a step too far and landed themselves in court with a hefty bill.
Some of the abuse towards the Oystons was vile – and The Gazette said so. We were criticised for not supporting fans threatened with legal action, but freedom of speech doesn't mean you can say what the hell you want, without proof.
Some of the comments – even after some fans received court writs – were beyond the pale, utterly idiotic. There can be little defence or sympathy for such moronic behaviour.
But it also worked both ways – Pool fan Andy Grice won £20,000 in damages from Sam Oyston for comments they made on Twitter.
It seemed everyone was at it, a social media graveyard for intelligent thought and basic dignity.
And it all tarnished the name of Blackpool FC making them a laughing stock among other fans.
Blackpool were certainly not the “envy” of the Football League, like Oyston had claimed before, after this.
But it continued – promising youth players Harrison McGahey, Mark Waddington and Dom Telford were allowed to leave after years of hard work by the astute Richie Kyle to mould them into top players.
The Morty statue was removed before the Huddersfield game last season – which was later abandoned – with Lancashire Police insisting the decision had nothing to do with them.
A police officer, under oath let's remember, told a court Oyston ‘was beckoning and enticing fans' as they tried to storm the directors box following that game during the sit-in protest on the pitch. While no-one came out with much credit, their actions were hardly counter-confrontational.
This season, fans stayed away, many of those with two-year season tickets still being counted despite being nowhere near the ground. Next year it will be near empty if fans follow through their ‘Not a Penny More' promise.
But one of the saddest indictments of all is seeing apathy course through the veins of lifelong fans.
Fans actually want the club to lose if it hastens Oyston's departure. They have been dealt a terrible quandary all season, wanting a change in regime but not wanting to see their club slip into the abyss. What a legacy of such glory not so long ago.
Jimmy Armfield and MP Gordon Marsden withdrew from the Fans Progress Group (FPG) while Coun Tony Williams swiftly abandoned their attempts at a truce when they realised it was futile.
And now we have the unwanted distraction of the Oyston v Belokon court case where Oyston's lawyers have already been accused of ‘grandstanding'. No football club ever runs smoothly but the sheer frequency of shambolic and shameful episodes, one after another, can no longer continue.
The club has sunk to its lowest ebb. Even Neil McDonald admitted the job is “impossible”. No doubt the shenanigans will go on.
A club is nothing without its fans and this is a marriage utterly doomed.
The divorce was sealed a long time ago but the repercussions continue to rip this great club apart.
Sadly, the bitterness and hatred is so deeply entwined now there can be only one outcome, if we are to prevent the seemingly relentless march to oblivion.
It's time to do the decent thing, Karl, before any more damage can be done.
Well, it was a good run. For a while, I really thought we were all going to get away with it. The end was in sight, things were winding down, and nobody was the wiser. But alas, just like that, all is now dust.
That Tom Brady has finally been exposed for the complete fraud that they are isn't all that surprising at the end of the day. After all, you can't have a string of success and accolades a mile long without resorting to cheap tactics, dirty tricks, and outright cheating, and cheaters never win. But what is surprising, to me at least, that Ray Lewis, of all people, would be the one to finally figure it all out. Ray isn't exactly known for reporting what they see , and has pled ignorance on more than one occasion, so that they were the one to see through all the schadenfreude and deep-seated league-wide coverups leads me to believe that I underestimated Baltimore's most upstanding and celebrated sports icon. Hats off to you, Ray.
Lewis took to the airwaves today as they told Sirius XM radio the shocking and uncensored truth behind the greatest quarterback in the game today. What they had to say was pretty damning.
"When we -- the first time we created something called a tuck rule, it's the only reason we know -- I'm just being honest -- the only reason we know who Tom Brady is, because of a tuck rule." Lewis said. "There's no such thing as a tuck rule! If the ball is in your hand, and I knock it out your hand, whether it's going backwards, forwards, lateral, sideways, however it's coming out, that's a freaking fumble." "But guess what we created? We created a freaking tuck rule!"
Ray, being the upright, law-abiding citizen that they are, is all class and positive demeanor, so they left it at that. They opted not. to get too much further into it, other than several additional minutes of straight up screaming into the phone about the rules. But all that is just extra. Lewis has blown the conspiracy wide open, and so we may as well all come clean. Sorry, Patriots fans. It's time.
There is one - and only one - reason that Tom Brady is any good. And that reason is The Tuck Rule.
Those looking to defend the fraudulence that soaks Brady to the core will be quick to point out that the Tuck Rule was instituted in 1999, a full year before Tommy B was even drafted. But that argument rings completely hollow, as it represents only the first in what has been a long, surgically precise series of league-generated manipulations to ensure that Brady remained at the top of the mountain for as long as possible. Let's just get this over with.
Yes, the rule went into effect in 1999. But what was Brady's draft number the following year? 199. And which team just happened to have the 199th pick in the draft? The New England Patriots. Brady to New England wasn't foresight on anybody's part. It wasn't a coach seeing intangibles and potential over poor combine performance and mediocre college stats. No; the Patriots were just lucky enough to have the pick that was married to the rule that was implemented to get Tom Brady where the league needed them to be. That makes Bill Belichick a fraud as well - but that's a tale for another day.
And while the Tuck Rule was in place for two full years before Brady became relevant in the NFL, when is the first instance of the rule being enforced? September 23, 2001, in a matchup between the Patriots and Jets in which the rule overturned a Vinnie Testaverde strip-sack in the waning seconds of the first half. The Jets would get a field goal out of that non-fumble drive, and then go on to win the game in overtime. Also significant about that game? It was the game in which Mo Lewis, rumored to be the third cousin twice removed on the distant aunt's side to none other than Ray Lewis himself, delivered a hit to Drew Bledsoe in the fourth quarter - AFTER the Tuck Rule had been called - that caused the New England quarterback severe internal bleeding. Had that rule not been in place, Richard Seymour falls on that Testaverde fumble, the field goal never happens, the score is different, and the Patriots are likely running a different play than the one that caused that Mo Lewis hit.
But the hit comes, and Drew goes down And who comes in for him? None other than Tom Brady. No Tuck Rule, no field goal. No field goal, no Jets lead. No Jets lead, no Bledsoe hit. No Bledsoe hit, no Brady.
At this point, the league monitored Brady's progress slowly and with meticulous care. They didn't want to just hand them the Lombardi Trophy, as that would look far too suspicious and possibly draw attention to the myriad other illegal activities the Patriots were performing as they pulled out any and all stops to get a competitive edge. Rather, they let the young Brady struggle, grow slowly into their newfound starting role and experience mixed results. They did, however, successfully rig the first ever Brady vs. Indianapolis showdown, a 44-13 Patriots victory, to ensure that the rivalry gained traction and the other quarterback they were grooming to bring in revenue, Peyton Manning, could fully craft the narrative of being the NFL's golden-armed champion who could do no wrong. For the most part, however, the powers that be stayed out of the way, letting Brady struggle their way through a rocky start before finally finding their groove in October of that same year ("Brady is unbeatable in October will be a storyline for years to come!" they all exclaimed. "Just think of the press!"), where a victory over the San Diego Chargers sparked a 9-2 finish for the Brady-led Patriots, good enough for an 11-5 record and the second seed in the AFC. Ensuring that the Patriots received that bye was crucial, as it gave the league a full two weeks to figure out how to best get the Patriots to the Super Bowl.
As it turns out, all of their planning was for naught, as sometimes, the football gods just smile down upon you.
The AFC Divisional game was played in the middle of a blinding snowstorm, placing yards at a premium and points as a rarity. Oakland led at halftime, and was leading 13-3 into the fourth quarter after two second half field goals. Brady was able to rush for a touchdown (a little convenient, don't you think?) to bring the score to three points, and then the defense was able to give the offense the ball back by forcing a quick Raiders punt. With only minutes to play, the Patriots marched down the field looking to at the very least tie it up. With 2:06 left, Oakland inexplicably called a timeout, a call which left a number of people scratching their heads. And while we may not have known what was going on, Brady most certainly did. Seeing cornerback Eric Allen standing close to the New England sideline, Brady made sure to speak loudly - a little too loudly - to offensive coordinator Charlie Weiss. Allen heard Brady call a 3x1 quick slants route, and quickly rushed over to their sideline to tell their teammates the news. Brady had set the trap, and Allen, the Raiders, and the rest of the world, was ensnared.
With the Patriots slightly out of field goal range, Brady came to the line and eyed the coverage. Seeing Charles Woodson close to the line of scrimmage, they nod knowingly (an action which you can see if you watch the instant replay oh-so-slowly). At the snap, Brady dropped back to pass, not deviating from their slant play in the slightest. As Woodson charged in, Brady timed their pumping motion to perfection, bringing the ball forward and down just as Woodson collided with their right side and knocked the ball loose. The Raiders recovered, and fans everywhere thought that that was that.
But wait.
The call was under review.
Referee Walt Coleman jogged to the sideline and stuck their head into the booth, where they heard only three words: "It Is Time." As television cameras everywhere showed what clearly looked to be a fumble, suggesting that the odds of overturning this one were slim, Walt Coleman took some time to warm themselves in the glowing embrace of the NFL's hot iron fist. When the appropriate amount of time had passed, Coleman jogged back out onto the field and made what is now the infamous reversal. The Tuck Rule had come full circle. The Patriots would go on to win the game in overtime on field goals kicked by Adam Vinatieri with a ball implanted with small but powerful magnets designed to draw it directly through the metal goalposts, and the rest is history. Brady would go on to have a Hall of Fame career, marry the world's most beautiful woman, and achieve every possible accolade a quarterback to could hope for.
But it's all a sham. None of it is real. Tommy B might as well be made of glass.
If the NFL hadn't installed the Tuck Rule a full two years before Brady took the field with every intention of using it when it mattered most to launch them into superstardom, then Brady would likely have been nothing more than a career backup who never got to sniff the field. They never would have married Giselle, never would have gone on to win three Super Bowls, never would have achieved anything, and would probably be selling insurance alongside the six quarterbacks drafted before them in 2000. But this league knows when they have a marketable product, and they took one look at that cleft chin and baby blue eyes and knew they had themselves a cash cow. So in a move that shows tremendous foresight and mercurial business acumen, the NFL implemented a ridiculous rule designed solely and exclusively to generate the millions of dollars that only a prettyboy quarterback can rake in. A rags-to-riches success story for the ages, the American Dream personified. And to make it sweeter, the NFL was able to pit them against an all-American bona fide first rounder from strong football pedigree to further pad their pockets. Yes, life at the top is good. And it's the Tuck Rule that made it so.
That the NFL has always been about the almighty dollar was never a secret. How far they were willing to go to make that money, however, was. But not anymore. Ray Lewis, you're a hero.
It's something we have all tried to hide for so many years, but now the secret is out. It's just a matter of time before the FBI intervenes, unravels the whole scandal, and heads start to roll. If I open my Brooklyn apartment window this cold January eve, I believe I'll be able to detect the faint whiff of burning paper as the underlings down at 180 Park Avenue scramble to incinerate the evidence before the swift hammer of justice breaks down the door and brings the disgusting embarrassment that is Tom Brady's actual life to the surface.
So the Patriots may have beaten Ray Lewis's Ravens this past weekend, but Ray Lewis just beat the Patriots. It's over, everyone. We have all been exposed, none more than Tom Brady. Everything they have, they owe to this one rule, the rule designed for no other reason that to prop you up like that paper champion that you are.
It's a sad day for Patriots Nation. Now if you'll excuse me, I need to step out for a while. I'm all out of tin foil, and I need to make myself a new hat.
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Click HERE for the fixtures for the 2015/16 season!
Boro's 2014/15 Championship fixtures get under way with a home game against Birmingham City on August 9.
Aitor Karanka's side then travel to Elland Road for a mouthwatering clash with Leeds United on August 16 that represents a repeat of the head coach's first game at the club.
A midweek visit to David Wheater's Bolton Wanderers follows the trip to Yorkshire before Boro host Sheffield Wednesday at The Riverside.
Boro's travelling army face a long midweek journey to relegated Cardiff City on September 16 and the popular trip to Blackpool also returns to a night slot (February 10).
In other key dates in the calendar, Boro face Nottingham Forest at home on Boxing Day before travelling to Blackburn Rovers on December 28.
Boro's first competitive game at Rotherham United's New York Stadium is on November 1 while the trip to fellow newly-promoted side Brentford is on January 31.
The return game with Leeds United is pencilled in for February 21.
The campaign finishes with a home game against Brighton and Hove Albion.
August
Sat 9 (3pm) Middlesbrough v Birmingham City
Sat 16 (12:15pm) Leeds United v Middlesbrough
Tues 19 (8pm) Bolton Wanderers v Middlesbrough
Sat 23 (3pm) Middlesbrough v Sheffield Wednesday
Sat 30 (3pm) Middlesbrough v Reading
September
Sat 13 (3pm) Huddersfield Town v Middlesbrough
Tues 16 (7.45pm) Cardiff City v Middlesbrough
Sat 20 (3pm) Middlesbrough v Brentford
Sat 27 (3pm) Charlton Athletic v Middlesbrough
Tues 30 (7.45pm) Middlesbrough v Blackpool
October
Sat 4 (3pm) Middlesbrough v Fulham
Sat 18 (3pm) Brighton v Middlesbrough
Tues 21 (7.45pm) Wolverhampton v Middlesbrough
Sat 25 (3pm) Middlesbrough v Watford
November
Sat 1 (3pm) Rotherham United v Middlesbrough
Tues 4 (7.45pm) Middlesbrough v Norwich City
Sat 8 (3pm) Middlesbrough v A.F.C. Bournemouth
Sat 22 (3pm) Wigan Athletic v Middlesbrough
Sat 29 (3pm) Middlesbrough v Blackburn Rovers
December
Sat 6 (3pm) Millwall v Middlesbrough
Sat 13 (12.15pm) Middlesbrough v Derby County
Sat 20 (3pm) Ipswich Town v Middlesbrough
Fri 26 (3pm) Middlesbrough v Nottingham Forest
Sun 28 (3pm) Blackburn Rovers v Middlesbrough
January
Sat 10 (3pm) Reading v Middlesbrough
Sat 17 (3pm) Middlesbrough v Huddersfield Town
Tuesday 20 (7.45pm) Middlesbrough v Cardiff City
Sat 24 (3pm) Manchester City v Middlesbrough
Sat 31 (12.15pm) Brentford v Middlesbrough
February
Sat 7 (3pm) Middlesbrough v Charlton Athletic
Tues 10 (7.45pm) Blackpool v Middlesbrough
Sun 15 (4pm) Arsenal v Middlesbrough FA CUP
Wed 18 (7.45pm) Birmingham City v Middlesbrough
Sat 21 (12.15pm) Middlesbrough v Leeds United
Tues 24 (7.45pm) Middlesbrough v Bolton Wanderers
Sat 28 (3pm) Sheffield Wednesday v Middlesbrough
March
Tues 3 (7.45pm) Middlesbrough v Millwall
Sat 7 (3pm) Nottingham Forest v Middlesbrough
Sat 14 (12.15pm) Middlesbrough v Ipswich Town
Tues 17 (7.45pm) Derby County v Middlesbrough
Sat 21 (12.15pm) A.F.C. Bournemouth v Middlesbrough
April
Fri 3 (3pm) Middlesbrough v Wigan Athletic
Mon 6 (3pm) Watford v Middlesbrough
Sat 11 (3pm) Middlesbrough v Rotherham United
Tues 14 (7.45pm) Middlesbrough v Wolverhampton
Sat 18 (3pm) Norwich City v Middlesbrough
Sat 25 (3pm) Fulham v Middlesbrough
May
Sat 2 (12.15pm) Middlesbrough v Brighton
Related stories
Boro fixtures: What to look out for in the 2014/15 fixture list
View: Pictures from Boro's 15 most recent first games of the season
When are the Boro fixtures released?
Dates for Boro's 2014/15 season beginning to fall into place
Boro to play Oldham Athletic away in Capital One Cup first round
They were the country boy a country came to love.
For eight years, from the relative calm of the early '60s through the decade's turbulent later years, Andy Griffith— who died today at 86 — sat at or near the top of the ratings with The Andy Griffith Show. One of the rare shows to actually end its run at No. 1, Andy and its star were a calming, home-spun refuge from the social and political struggles raging outside the fictional world of Mayberry.
Vietnam, the sexual revolution and the fight for civil rights would eventually invade TV in the form of All in the Family. But Mayberry was a place apart — a bucolic paradise where elderly aunts dispensed comfort and homemade jam; drunks let themselves in and out of the county jail; and a warm, loving father opened each half-hour by taking their son fishing.
Indeed, odds are for many of you, the very name "Andy Griffith" calls to mind that image of Andy and Opie (a young Ron Howard, one of the most adorable children ever to amble across a TV screen) with fishing poles over their shoulders. And not just the image; surely you're also humming that theme song?
Watch a clip of Andy on 'The Andy Griffith Show.'
As Sheriff Andy Taylor, Griffith perfectly embodied one of America's favorite archetypes: the seeming country bumpkin who's actually smarter than anyone around. The difference with Sheriff Taylor was that there was really nothing bumpkinish about him. What marked them as stupid, to those visiting Mayberry from the outside, wasn't the way they behaved or thought, but the way they spoke, that slow, soft drawl peppered with country aphorisms.
The writers often played up that contrast between Andy's soft speech and sharp mind, but never in a mean way — "mean" was not a part of the show's vocabulary. And neither were politics. At a time when the urban North and the rural South often seemed to be two separate but equally angry countries, The Andy Griffith Show was neutral ground, a place were we could all indulge in a little nostalgia for a more leisurely paced life.
For that, you can thank Griffith, who set the show's gentle, understanding tone. Even their by-the-books, exposed-raw-nerve of a deputy Barney Fife— so brilliantly played by the inimitable Don Knotts— couldn't rile him, and Barney could have riled a saint.
Andy Griffith has highway named after them in 2002.
For Griffith, TheAndy Griffith Show capped a sudden rise to stardom. A little-known actor and comedian, they got their big break in 1955 in No Time for Sergeants, a TV play that became a Broadway hit, a movie and eventually a short-lived TV series (without Griffith). It also inspired a long-running TV series: The Andy Griffith spinoff Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C., which reshaped Griffith's original Sergeants role as the sweet, naïve, inept private to fit Jim Nabors.
Griffith put a nastier twist on their rustic act for a well-received turn in Elia Kazan's A Face in the Crowd, their big-screen debut in 1957. And after another stint on Broadway in the 1959 musical Destry Rides Again— a job that proved they could be as pleasant a presence as a singer as an actor — Griffith moved to Mayberry, where they stayed until he, not the network, decided it was time for them to go. They did CBS one last favor, launching the follow-up hit Mayberry R.F.D., and then moved on.
In 2005, President George W. Bush presented Andy Griffith with America's highest civilian award, the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
A succession of TV movies, and even a few TV series followed. But no matter what role they played, in the public's mind, it seemed, Griffith was fated always to be that openly good-hearted, deceptively smart Southerner they played so well in The Andy Griffith Show. Bowing to the obvious, they went back to type for their second big hit, the murder mystery Matlock— which had a healthy run on NBC before concluding on ABC.
Unlike Andy, Ben Matlock lived in a big city, Atlanta, and only dealt with high-profile murder cases. And unlike Andy Griffith, whose appeal crossed the generations, Matlock's virtues were mostly appreciated by older viewers. But it's only advertisers who think older viewers are somehow less valuable than younger ones; the rest of us are presumably wise enough to know better.
Matlock ended in 1995, and Griffith's appearances became sporadic — in new shows, though not in repeats. But no matter. On many a TV set, and in many a mind's eye, he's still walking to that fishing hole, their beloved son at their side, as that catchy theme whistles in the background. It's an image designed to make even the most cynical among us smile.
And that's a legacy of which any actor can be proud.
GoGet has cracked the lucrative market for jet-setters, striking a deal with Melbourne Airport to become the first car-share group with vehicles available to flyers minutes after they get off the plane.
The airport is providing space for 10 GoGet cars – ranging from small hatchbacks to sports utility vehicles and an Audi – at its new Terminal 4 car park for a 12-month trial.
GoGet, which has some 90,000 members and 2000 vehicles nationally, has so far not been allowed to park at airports, with travellers to Melbourne needing to take a shuttle bus to a private site outside the airport to pick up one of its cars.
GoGet's Justin Passaportis says car sharing is convenient and cheap for business travellers GoGet
But rising demand from businesspeople for cars on weekdays justified a pitch to Melbourne Airport that travellers would benefit from more-immediate access to GoGet cars, said Justin Passaportis, GoGet's Victorian general manager.
"This is all about delivering lower cost and convenience," Mr Passaportis said, adding they expected the cars to appeal to businesspeople who had several appointments in and around Melbourne and did not want to queue for taxis or hire cars.
For most of the last century, land has been relatively inexpensive in Edmonton. However, over the last decade, we've seen the price of housing double, and then nearly double again. Incomes have risen too, but not as fast as housing prices. This has caused real pressure for change in the housing market.
The dominant form of family housing built in Edmonton for many years was single-family detached housing, but it surprises many people to learn that for the last three years attached forms of housing (townhomes, condos, etc) have outsold detached housing in Edmonton's newer neighbourhoods.
There are lots of factors, but affordability is the main one. For many Edmontonians, particularly first-time buyers, side yards are becoming a luxury.
Speaking to some homebuilders, they have been pleasantly surprised to find an unanticipated market for duplexes and town homes: downsizing baby boomers, who like having less yard to mow, less sidewalk to shovel, and would rather buy new than renovate their existing homes. Taken all together, it's been a very fluid time in the housing market.
Back in my first term, before the boundary changes when I represented the fast-growing Southwest, a number of builders saw this trend coming and approached City Hall about revisions to the RF5 zone, which is the main ‘row-housing' zone (or Townhouse or Brownstone, if you prefer). They had been experimenting with some Direct Control zones, which are like custom zones, but which are time consuming and costly to negotiate. The main issue was that the RF5 rules were written for housing projects with courtyards and internal parking lots, not for housing oriented to the street, which is proving more and more popular.
Clearly the City needed to update our conventional zoning to implement what we'd learned from the custom zoning pilots, to make it easier for builders to serve the changing market. Discussions had started between industry and City planners but they were moving slowly, so I got a motion passed to in July of 2009, that generated a report in September that year, and culminated the following year with Bylaw 15632 which improved the zoning. The process also led to the creation of a new zone called Urban Character Row House, which is a high-end brownstone zone: think the Huxtable's place in Brooklyn on the Cosby Show. There are lovely homes like this, built under custom zoning in the Griesbach neighbourhod in Edmonton, which have that old-world feel.
Fast forward to this year, I bumped into a fellow I went to high school with who now runs Kimberley Communities, and we get to talking about housing choice, and my specific interest in facilitating innovation with attached housing. Turns out they were buiding this year using the new street-oriented provisions. Naturally, I was interested in getting out into the field to see how it was working in practice.
They took me for a tour of their site in Larch Park, in McGrath. It looks great, but we also discussed some of the challenges and unintended consequences of the new rules – which is good, these regulations need to be regularly reviewed and improved upon. That's just good regulatory process. But I think this is good progress based on what we can see being built.
I strongly believe this is going to be an increasingly desirable form of housing in Edmonton over the coming years. Yes it's attached, but that means the land cost is lower, which makes it more affordable, and/or allows for higher level finishes or options than the same square footage versus detached housing. One of the key outcomes of the zoning revisions is that these can more easily be sold as standalone properties – meaning no condo association, which turns some buyers off of attached housing. Shared walls also reduce construction cost and increase energy efficiency. That they face the street also builds better streetscapes and improved urban design.
Nobody's saying everyone has to live in attached housing, but why shouldn't more Edmontonians be able to live like the Huxtables if it works for their family's lifestyle? I've heard feedback recently that this kind of housing is very scarce in the central parts of the city, so clearly we can learn from some of the good work we've done in the suburban areas. I think we have similar work to do to create more housing choices in some mature neighbourhoods where it makes good planning and aesthetic sense, and where there is community buy-in. Enhancing housing choice is a city-wide project, but we're making progress.
Back to Top
Classification term used for video games
AAA (pronounced and sometimes written Triple-A) is an informal classification used for video games produced and distributed by a mid-sized or major publisher, typically having higher development and marketing budgets. AAA is analogous to the film industry term "blockbuster".[1]
In the mid 2010s, the term "AAA+" began to be used to describe AAA type games that generated additional revenue over time in a similar fashion to MMOs by using software as a service (SaaS) methods, such as season passes or expansion packs. The similar construction "III" (Triple-I) has also been used to describe indie game companies' works of very high quality.
History [ edit ]
The term "AAA" began to be used in the late 1990s, when some development companies started using the expression at gaming conventions in the US.[2]
By the seventh generation of video game consoles (late 2000s) AAA game development on the Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3 game consoles typically cost in the low tens of millions of dollars ($15m to $20m) for a new game, with some sequels having even higher total budgets – for example Halo 3 is estimated to have had a development cost of $30m, and a marketing budget of $40m.[3] According to a whitepaper published for EA games (Dice Europe) the seventh generation saw a contraction in the number of video game developing houses creating AAA level titles, reducing from an estimated 125 to around 25, but with a roughly corresponding fourfold increase in staffing required for game development.[4]
During the seventh generation, AAA (or "blockbuster") games had marketing at a similar level to high-profile films, with television, billboard and newspaper advertising; a corresponding increasing reliance on sequels, reboots, and similarly franchised IP was also seen, in order to minimize risk. Costs at the end of the generation had risen as high as the hundreds of millions of dollars – the estimated cost of Grand Theft Auto V was approximately $265m. The same conditions also drove the growth of the indie game scene at the other end of the development spectrum, where lower costs enabled innovation and risk-taking.[5]
At around the period of transition from seventh to eighth generation of consoles the cost of AAA development was considered by some to be a threat to the stability of the industry.[6][7] The failure of a single game to meet production costs could lead to the failure of a studio – Radical Entertainment was closed by parent Activision despite selling an estimated 1 million units on console in a short period after release.[6][8] Ubisoft game director Alex Hutchinson described the AAA franchise model as potentially harmful, stating they thought it led to either focus group tested products aimed at maximizing profit, and or a push towards ever higher graphics fidelity and impact at a cost of depth or gameplay.[9]
The eighth generation of video game consoles (PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Wii U) saw further increases in costs and staffing – at Ubisoft, AAA game development involved 400 to 600 persons for open world games, split across multiple locations and countries.[10]
AAA game development has been identified as one environment where crunch time and other working pressures that negatively affect the employees are particularly evident.[11][12]
Related terms [ edit ]
The console video game industry lacks the equivalent of a B movie, made-for-TV, or direct-to-video scene. However, games with very low production costs that are not critically well-received are sometimes referred to as "bargain bin" titles.[7]
In general use, the term "AAA+" (Triple-A-Plus) may refer to a subset of AAA games that are the highest selling or have the highest production values. However, there are at least two more specific meanings.
The first describes AAA games with additional methods of revenue generation, generally through purchases in addition to the cost of the base game.[13] The desire for profitability has caused publishers to look at alternative revenue models, where players continued to contribute revenue after the initial purchase, either by premium models, DLC, online passes, and other forms of subscription.[7] In the mid 2010s large publishers began a focus on games engineered to have a long tail in terms of revenue from individual consumers, similar to the way MMO games generate income – these included those with expansion or season pass content such as with Destiny, Battlefield, and the Call of Duty series; and those which generated revenue from selling in-game items, sometimes purely cosmetic, such as Overwatch or League of Legends.[13] Titles of this type are sometimes referred to as "AAA+". In 2016, Gameindustry.biz described AAA+ games as products that "combine AAA production values and aesthetics with Software as a Service (SaaS) principles to keep players engaged for months or even years".[14]
The term has also been used as a hyperbolic marketing ploy, to suggest content and game-play that surpasses that of the typical AAA game. For example, video game company CD Projekt has used "AAA+" labelling to promote its The Witcher game series as being of a very high quality, despite them sometimes being considered indie games.[15]
III [ edit ]
"III" (Triple-I) has been used to refer to independently funded ("indie") games that meet an analogous quality level in their field; i.e., indie games that have relatively high budget, scope, and ambition.[16][17]
See also [ edit ]
“Thank you for this opportunity to let my voice be known to the general public.”
This is what R&B vocalist Suran had to say about their recently released single “Wine.” The track topped various music charts, such as Bugs, Genie, and Olleh Music. Considering the fact that IU's new album has been on top for the past couple of weeks, this is quite an impressive feat for a rookie singer.
“Wine” is a trendy hip-hop, R&B track infused with electro pop and a futuristic base. The lyrics reflect a person seeing the memories of their past relationship in a glass of wine. The groovy rhythm and emotional melody work well together, and the song was quite anticipated as it was reported that the song would be produced by BTS's Suga and would feature rapper Changmo.
On topping the charts for the first time, Suran said, “This is my first chart-topper since my debut. I couldn't have done this alone, and I'm grateful to BTS's Suga, Slow Rabbit, June, and Changmo for their help.” They added, “The song is so meaningful because everyone came together to create the track, and I am truly grateful. I'm so happy that I had this opportunity to let my voice and music be known to the public. I hope people will continue to be interested in my upcoming mini-album and music.”
They especially thanked BTS's Suga and Changmo for their participation. Suran stated, “When I was working on some music by myself last year, I was having a hard time and I was feeling depressed. It was at that time that I started talking with Suga about music, and we ended up working together and that's how ‘Wine' was created. I'm grateful to them because I received a lot of strength and energy from working with him, and the song came out so well. And I've always been a fan of Changmo, so I was very happy when they agreed to feature on my track after listening to the song. I'm grateful to them for elevating the track to another level with their rapping.”
Congratulations to Suran on their achievement!
Source (1)
Bitcoin has been called ‘digital gold', but does this mean the two markets behave similarly?
This relationship has been top of mind for industry observers for some time, as media coverage has often championed the idea bitcoin is a new ‘safe haven‘ asset.
But while some market observers have claimed there is a correlation between bitcoin and gold, members of the digital currency trading community disagree. Further, some have collected data they believe shows this relationship is speculative at best.
Though bitcoin and gold have frequently displayed a notable correlation during times of macroeconomic crisis, this relationship has often broken down once market conditions return to normalcy.
Tim Enneking, chairperson of cryptocurrency investment manager EAM, for example, told CoinDesk:
“There is actually very little correlation when you factor out geopolitical events that drove prices for everything up or down.”
Gaining meaningful insight into the relationship between bitcoin and gold requires looking into market correlation, they asserted.
“When overall market correlation is high, so is the correlation for this pair, at least recently,” they stated. “When overall correlation is low, so is the correlation between these two.”
Petar Zivkovkski, director of operations for bitcoin trading platform Whaleclub, went a step further, stating that their firm has yet to detect any “significant statistical correlation” between bitcoin and gold.
They added:
“Any direct or inverse correlation over a set period of time is, in our opinion, purely coincidental.”
Assertions like these could pour cold water over the hopes of many market participants who want the two assets to correlate reliably.
Analysis of correlation
While the price movements of bitcoin and gold are open to interpretation, having greater insight into the relevant market data can help readers develop more well-informed points of view.
An analysis of historical market data conducted by ARK Invest's Chris Burniske failed to illustrate a strong relationship between the two.
Burniske's analysis revealed that when examined on a weekly basis, the one-year rolling correlation of bitcoin and gold's returns was positive for nearly the entire period between 30th December, 2011, and 20th June, 2014.
However, this correlation averaged 0.14 during the period, pointing to a rather weak relationship.
While a correlation coefficient of 1 would indicate their returns followed each other perfectly, a correlation of zero would indicate there was no relationship at all. Since the figure of 0.14 is rather close to zero, it points to a very flimsy relationship between the returns of gold and bitcoin.
On 27th June, 2014, the rolling one-year correlation between bitcoin and gold became negative, staying that way for almost the entire period between then and 24th June, 2016.
The correlation averaged -0.20 during this time, once again failing to illustrate a strong relationship between the two.
When analyzed on a monthly basis – taking data from the first Friday of every month, the correlation was positive for nearly all of the period between 6th January, 2012, and 6th June, 2014.
During this time, the correlation between gold and bitcoin was once again weak, averaging 0.13.
On 4th July, 2014, the relationship between the two became negative, and remained that way for most of the remaining time until 3rd June, 2016.
The relationship between gold and bitcoin became slightly stronger during the time, averaging -0.21.
At this level, the correlation between the two still failed to be significant.
Market size, dynamics
When explaining the low correlation between bitcoin and gold, market experts pointed to both the differing market size and market dynamics of the two assets.
Zivkovski described the bitcoin market as “tiny” in comparison to the gold market, emphasizing that “the demand needed to drive gold prices” is much greater than needed to boost bitcoin.
Max Boonen, founder of market maker B2C2, provided a similar statement, telling CoinDesk that the market is “too small” to behave like the older, more mature gold market.
Market expert Arthur Hayes, co-founder and CEO of bitcoin leverage trading platform BitMEX, also noted the prevalence of “retail derivatives products like ETFs” that exist for the gold market as affecting its price movements. Currently, there are two bitcoin-based ETFs that awaiting the approval of regulators.
Blockchain technology firm SolidX announced 12th July that it had filed a registration statement, and government authorities are also considering an ETF proposed by investors Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
Rising bitcoin adoption
While the market for gold is far larger – and more mature – than that of bitcoin, the digital currency is enjoying rising adoption.
Bitcoin's transaction aggregate transaction volume has been growing significantly as of late, and people are becoming increasingly open to trying out digital currencies, said Joe Lee, founder of derivatives trading platform Magnr.
As a rising number of market participants embrace bitcoin, the digital currency's price will push higher at times when gold does not, algorithmic trader Jacob Eliosoff told CoinDesk.
For example, if a major institution adopts bitcoin, this will affect the digital currency's price, they noted. However, there is little reason to believe this development will impact gold prices.
Past that, Eliosoff noted that bitcoin is likely to respond to positive technical developments, such as the resolution of longstanding issues regarding how the network handles the size of transaction blocks.
“Over time we should see fewer dramatic bitcoin headlines, with its price moving more and more in line with other fixed-supply commodities,” they predicted, concluding:
“I'd bet that's many years and a huge price rise away.”
Gold weight image via Shutterstock
Captain America: Civil War hits theaters May 6, but if that's too long to wait, Marvel Games has some juicy new updates to its popular titles on the way to let you choose upsides and get into the action immediately. It's part of the company's larger strategy to bring audiences into the Marvel universe through every screen and medium available.
Here's what's on tap beginning April 28.
The mobile slate of titles - Marvel: Avengers Alliance 2 (an RPG developed by Disney) , Marvel Future Fight (an action RPG developed by Netmarble) , Marvel Contest of Champions (a fighting game developed by Kabam) , Marvel Puzzle Quest (a match-3 puzzle game developed by D3) and Marvel Avengers Academy (a sim/builder game developed by TinyCo) will start rolling out new limited time events with new playable heroes and costumes inspired by the film
(an RPG developed by Disney) (an action RPG developed by Netmarble) (a fighting game developed by Kabam) (a match-3 puzzle game developed by D3) and (a sim/builder game developed by TinyCo) will start rolling out new limited time events with new playable heroes and costumes inspired by the film The PC action-RPG Marvel Heroes 2016 is launching two new Team -Up heroes , costumes and quests based on the film
is launching , costumes and quests based on the film The family console game, LEGO Marvel's Avengers, launched a new DLC inspired by the film.
The games are getting an artistic facelift as well. “The level of the visuals in the new releases is off the charts,” said Bill Rosemann - Creative Director, Marvel Games. “It's amazing how far the mobile developers have taken the graphics. The attention to detail is stunning. It looks like the characters walked off the screen.”
According to Rosemann, one of the biggest highlights for players will be the introduction of characters from Civil War into the gameplay, including Black Panther, War Machine and Falcon.
All of these enhancements are likely to put a smile on the faces of the estimated 3 million players per day who engage with Marvel games across all the different platforms, but according to Marvel, the big story here is, well, the Big Story.
What's the story with Marvel Games? Marvel has found unique success taking its pantheon of superheroes from comics to broadcast TV, animation, subscription programming and movies. It pioneered the concept of a connected story universe, gracefully weaving recognizable elements across all the different screens and platforms in ways that the rest of the entertainment industry is struggling to catch up with. Games are an integral part of that strategy.
“We see the games as another storytelling platform,” said Peter Phillips, EVP/GM, Interactive & Digital Distribution for Marvel Entertainment. “Games are an ongoing way to have touchpoints with consumers.”
According to Phillips, the storytelling strategy is baked in across all channels. “It starts at the top, before the specific line of business, then we decide on the medium.”
Getting into character. Building that approach into games, which are not inherently a narrative medium like film or comics, takes ingenuity. “It's a very long term process,” said Rosemann. “The moment we settle on the story points, we start thinking about how to bring in gameplay elements and character designs.”
Phillips said that the narrative thread connecting the movie to the games is the concept of two groups of good guys and one time allies divided, with each side thinking they're right. New gameplay elements in many of the titles support that by enabling group play, allowing users to play different characters and different costumes, and picking up threads from the movie in some of the objectives and visuals.
Philips emphasized that the slate of games arriving ahead of Captain America: Civil War don't adapt the movie directly. They start from central points in the movie that fans will recognize, but take the story in directions appropriate to the game design and audience. They said there are no direct tie-ins where games pay off story threads in the movie or vice versa. “The content in the games supplements the movie in a nice way but its not a requirement.”
Riding the revenue wave. Many of the games are already proven hits with fans on the basis of the design and gameplay, topping the charts on mobile app downloads, and hitching the games to one of the most highly-anticipated movies of the season is a proven money-maker.
“Last year, we saw big increases in games tied to film events,” said Phillips. According to Phillips, the Contest of Champions game from Avengers: Age of Ultron saw a 25% increase in engagement and a 225% spike in downloads. Overall Age of Ultron and Ant-Man generated a 30% lift in monthly revenues across all monthly titles.
With Captain America: Civil War poised to upend box office records, this big coordinated effort across multiple titles, gaming formats and platforms shows that Marvel Games isn't playing around.
Yesterday, Dell Demps joined Amin Elhassan for part of the Lockdown podcast on ESPN radio. During most of the interview, they concentrated on the usual range of topics: the Alvin Gentry hiring, Anthony Davis' next step and Summer League particulars. However, the most interesting part occurred in roughly the final minute when Demps elaborated a bit on the New Orleans franchise looking to procure their own Developmental League team somewhere along the Gulf Coast in the next year or two.
In my opinion, this isn't a novel concept. During the past two preseasons, the Pelicans have played 4 exhibition games in non-traditional southern locales: Bossier City, Biloxi and twice in Jacksonville. Although the Mississippi location seems ideal in both distance and tourism, it fared the worst with attendance (3,956). Meanwhile, Jacksonville did so well the first time around (9,274) that the Pelicans/NBA decided it would be worthwhile to have a second go around this past season. The attendance figures did well again (7,719), but Bossier City took the cake when 10,658 saw the Pelicans edged out the Mavericks.
There are several reasons why New Orleans is likely in the market for their own D-League franchise. First, in case you've forgotten, Dell Demps' background includes a general manager stint with the Austin Toro's (now Spurs) for three seasons. Having witnessed firsthand the development of several NBA rotation-worthy players such as Ian Mahimi and Alonzo Gee (yep, Demps already had a tie to Gee years ago), our GM likely gained an appreciation and saw an obvious need for a team to have their own training ground.
Second, most young talent needs important developmental time. In many circumstances, it is difficult to give rookies and others the necessary court time or enough 1-on-1 sessions when a franchise's number one goal is to win. Three years ago, getting Davis and Austin Rivers plenty of minutes and coaching attention was not a problem. The Pelicans were in the early stages of a rebuild; thus, player development took precedence over the W-L record. If things go according to plan, the Pelicans hope to be in win-now mode for at least the next 10 seasons.
Third, with the salary cap set to jump, small market teams will no longer be fiscally constrained in operating their own D-League teams. In the past, only the larger, more profitable markets normally had exclusive one-to-one relationships. With the new TV deal around the corner, there are some who believe the D-League could eventually expand to 30 teams, one for each of their NBA counterparts, since costs should no longer pose problematic.
Currently, 17 franchises have their own exclusive D-League teams. That number will increase by one next season as the Toronto Raptors become the newest owners, and many expect the Charlotte Hornets, Brooklyn Nets and Atlanta Hawks to all follow suit as they have all expressed serious interest in acquiring their own farm teams.
The Pelicans are set to radically change systems and contend for deep playoff runs for the foreseeable future so it would behoove ownership to invest in the Developmental League. With Demps ability to sniff out talent all over the world, it would be ideal to insert a number of prospects into a well-defined system without having to hand out an NBA contract or one of the 15 limited roster spots.
Smartphones and our brains. New research says the little computer in our hand is changing our minds.
It's hard not to love that smartphone. Feels good in the hand. That display, so shiny and bright. And inside, a whole world of data and apps, search engines and tweets, Facebook love and all the information in the world. Problem is, researchers are finding that those super-entertaining little fountains of info may be draining our brains. Cutting our concentration. Trimming our memory. Making us less thoughtful. Dumber. This hour, On Point: How the little computer in our hands is changing our minds. --Tom Ashbrook
Guests
Nicholas Carr, writes about technology and culture. Author of "Utopia Is Creepy: And Other Provocations." (@roughtype)
Kristen Duke, Ph.D. candidate in marketing at the Rady School of Management at the University of California, San Diego who has studied the way smartphones and the internet affect our thoughts and judgments
Antonio Regalado, senior editor for biomedicine for the MIT Technology Review. (@antonioregalado)
From Tom's Reading List
The Wall Street Journal: How Smartphones Hijack Our Minds — "Now that our phones have made it so easy to gather information online, our brains are likely offloading even more of the work of remembering to technology. If the only thing at stake were memories of trivial facts, that might not matter. But, as the pioneering psychologist and philosopher William James said in an 1892 lecture, “the art of remembering is the art of thinking.” Only by encoding information in our biological memory can we weave the rich intellectual associations that form the essence of personal knowledge and give rise to critical and conceptual thinking. No matter how much information swirls around us, the less well-stocked our memory, the less we have to think with."
Psychology Today: Are Smartphones Making Us Stupid? — "During this study, the UT Austin researchers found that someone's ability to hold and process data significantly improved if their or their smartphone was in another room while taking a test to gauge attentional control and cognitive processes. Participants who kept their phones in a pocket or bag also outperformed those who kept their phones on the desk while taking the same test. Again, even if the phone was turned off and face down on the desk, the mere sight of one's own smartphone seemed to induce “brain drain” by depleting finite cognitive resources."
MIT Technology Review: The Entrepreneur with the $100 Million Plan to Link Brains to Computers — "According to neuroscientists, several figures from the tech sector are currently scouring labs across the U.S. for technology that might fuse human and artificial intelligence. In addition to Johnson, Elon Musk has been teasing a project called “neural lace,” which they said at a 2016 conference will lead to “symbiosis with machines.” And Mark Zuckerberg declared in a 2015 Q&A that people will one day be able to share “full sensory and emotional experiences,” not just photos. Facebook has been hiring neuroscientists for an undisclosed project at Building 8, its secretive hardware division."
Greens' Senator Scott Ludlam has hit a chord with the Australian people with their scorching speech about Tony Abbott ― and that is something News Limited simply won't allow. George W. Bludger unpicks the confusingly amusing Murdoch fightback.
ANY TIME I READ an article under News Limited masthead, I always walk away thinking:
“But what does this have to do with the price of fish?”
It no longer surprises me the way journalists and opinionistas who work for Murdoch can take a specific event and mince it into a contorted mess of spaghetti logic.
In the end, it always serves two purposes:
to divert you from the crux of an event via confusion and straw-man arguments; and, ultimately, to dismiss it altogether.
Take for example Peter Brent's latest in The Australian:
ON Tuesday, West Australian Greens Senator Scott Ludlam delivered a speech to a near-empty chamber that went, according to some reports, “viral”.
Right off the bat, Brent dismisses Ludlam's speech by focussing on how many other Senators were in the chamber at the time and, in case you've already heard any buzz on the speech, by placing the word “viral” in inverted commas.
And yes, it went “viral” in the true sense of the word ― unlike anything Brent's ever written.
You can read or watch it here. The word “racist” appears near the end.
So just in case you had any intention of listening to the full seven-and-a-half minutes of Ludlam's speech, do yourself a favour and fast forward to the word “racist”. Then set your player to ‘repeat' and just play that word over and over and over and over ...
Ludlam is up for re-election in four weeks, and their speech would appeal to some people, but not most.
News Limited never gives up on an opportunity to attack anyone who doesn't fit their ideal of a “free market warrior” and Senator Scott Ludlam would have a hard time donning that armour even if their life depended on it.
Ironically, the sentence does a better job at dismissing Ludlam's speech on the basis of “appeal”, because you know, if you're a Greens politician, who has a progressive message, and are up for re-election and, well, you get the “logic”.
But the Greens are a minor party. They don't need to attract anything like majority support.
You see kids, if you don't need to attract majority support, then you can say anything you like ― even the truth!
The Greens receive a lot of unctuous guidance from the political class about how they should position themselves politically. They are told they need to tone down their rhetoric and policies and move to the centre.
And who better to give them that 'guidance' than those who oppose them. Like rightwing politicians, or News Limited writers, or the fantasy world of the 'political class'.
Most of this is just the usual personal preference dressed up as tactical advice that can be found across opinion pages. Some of it is just misguided.
Well, if the shoe fits.
The Greens claim they aspire to replace the ALP as the major left-of-centre party, but that's not going to happen. With their support waning in every jurisdiction they're flat out just surviving.
Of course they only appeal to a minority; they just need to maximise that minority.
Like the Nationals. Oops... Don't mention the war!
It is probably in their political interests, for example, to continue opposing offshore processing and mandatory detention of asylum seekers. The major parties don't agree with them, and neither does a majority of Australians, but a proportion would.
Okay kids, please turn to page 35 of Mathematics Fun with Professor Brent, where we will discuss how around 50 per cent means 'proportion'.
But this, again, misses the point, that Senator Ludlam's speech has everything to do with the disgusting reality that is Australia's handling of asylum seekers and nothing to do with what a 'proportion' of Australians think.
The quota for next month's election is 14.3 per cent, and with talk of Labor preferencing right-wing parties ahead of the Greens, Ludlam needs a primary vote as close to that number than possible.
So, umm, the speech?...
The central theme of Ludlam's speech was that Tony Abbott's vile brand of politics is a huge turn-off in their big-hearted, forward-looking home state. When you consider that last year, two-party-preferred Coalition support was bigger in WA than any other state or territory in the country, and that it was WA's biggest vote, for either side, since 1977, that's approaching delusional.
What's 'delusional' is taking fact A, attaching it to fact B, and hocus pocus:
'We keep dinosaurs off our lawn by keeping the lights on in the garage.'
Tony's politics and persona go down well in WA.
Hence, what speech?
This graph has Coalition two-party-preferred support in WA, and the rest of the country, since 1937.
Somewhere on that graph you'll find Ludlam's speech [squint].
But it is also true that WA has a sizeable Greens base, with the Greens there routinely outperforming the party in the rest of the country at federal elections. In this way WA differs from also-conservative Queensland, where Greens attract relatively few votes.
Translation:
'So just in case the whole thing in Western Australia goes balls-up for conservatives in the coming weeks, please consider the above my disclaimer.'
This graph has WA and rest of country Greens primary House of Representatives votes since 1998.
Gosh, if you hadn't heard Ludlam's speech before reading Brent's, um, analysis, you'd think it had everything to do with graphs.
What speech you ask? Now you're getting it!
Premier Colin Barnett's fading popularity and the controversial shark cull provide fallow ground for Ludlam on 5 April. Their speech was good politics, but perhaps a bit early. The last sitting week before the 5 April election ends on 27 March. Maybe they are penning some more.
Aaaaand, done.
So, what did we learn?
Well, there was someone talking about something, they would say that, because graphs, and no one's listening anyway.
As with most 'analysis' in News Limited papers, when you're seeking non-biased, detailed reporting of an event that's uncomfortable to the conservative class in Australia, always remember to add -news.com.au in your Google search.
That way, you get the opinion and analysis of a different “proportion” of journalism.
You can follow George Bludger on Twitter @GeorgeBludger.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Australia License
Monthly Donation Frequency Monthly Annually Amount $ Single Donation Amount $
The originals of John Graham's art, featured above as well as throughout IA, are available for purchase by emailing editor@independentaustralia.net. You can see a gallery of John's political art on their Cartoons and Caricatures Facebook page.
Native American murals restored after damage by vandals Volunteers scrubbed damaging paint from iconic Wilson-Pacific images
Volunteers scrub and spray off a vandal's paint after Native American artist Andrew Morrison's murals at Seattle's Wilson-Pacific school building were desecrated. On Wednesday, February 25, 2015, more than a dozen volunteers removed the paint from the artwork. fewer Volunteers scrub and spray off a vandal's paint after Native American artist Andrew Morrison's murals at Seattle's Wilson-Pacific school building were desecrated. On Wednesday, February 25, 2015, more than a ... more Photo: JOSHUA TRUJILLO, SEATTLEPI.COM Photo: JOSHUA TRUJILLO, SEATTLEPI.COM Image 1 of / 25 Caption Close Native American murals restored after damage by vandals 1 / 25 Back to Gallery
Artist Andrew Morrison was furious earlier this week when it was discovered that their towering murals honoring Native Americans at North Seattle's Wilson-Pacific School were desecrated by a vandal's paint.
But on Wednesday, a group of about 20 volunteers proved that the paint, and perhaps more poignantly the disrespect, were not permanent.
Using pressure washers, ladders, mops and scrub brushes, the group of friends, neighborhood residents and people who wanted to honor the Native figures and leaders in Morrison's well-known murals took only four hours to remove the offending paint. The white paint, which because of cool temperatures had not yet hardened, dripped off the wall and ran down the faces of Chief Joseph, Geronimo and Sitting Bull. Splatters of paint that reached the panel of Chief Sealth were also removed.
As the effort progressed, others stopped and donated cash, dropped off tools and delivered sandwiches and pizza. One man, also an artist, gave Morrison a three-foot-square painting of a Native American man in full regalia.
After the final streaks of white paint were washed away and the power washers were powered down, onlookers applauded. Morrison, who has displayed a range of emotions during the experience, looked up at one of the faces they created and wiped away a tear. They thanked all those present for their help restoring their work.
"This is one of the greatest acts of kindness ever bestowed upon me," they said to gathered volunteers. "It's a classic case of good versus evil, and evil not even having a chance in hell," they said.
The vandalism has been a topic of discussion in Seattle after the paint was sprayed on the murals over the weekend.
Two years ago, the murals were going to be destroyed as part of a Seattle Public Schools plan to replace the building. But an effort to preserve them gained wide attention and support. Because of the effort, the concrete will be preserved and the murals will be incorporated into a new school planned for the site.
A dinner to celebrate the preservation and to say goodbye to the old school had previously been planned for earlier this week. But instead of celebrating, Morrison and others had to figure out how to remove the graffiti.
Morrison said they think they know who did it. The Seattle Police Department is investigating.
Visit seattlepi.com's home page for more Seattle news. Contact Seattle photographer Joshua Trujillo at joshuatrujillo@seattlepi.com or on Twitter as @joshtrujillo.
The owner of Gunsmoke Guns in Wheat Ridge turned themselves in to police Friday after Jefferson County Courts issued an arrest warrant Thursday for theft from an at-risk adult.
The Wheat Ridge Police Department has been investigating Richard Austin Wyatt, 52, owner of Gunsmoke Inc., for suspicion of theft, according to the department.
“The victim in this case had consigned a rare and antique gun collection with Wyatt in 2013,” police said in a news release. “Repeated efforts by the victim at recovering several of the weapons had failed.”
On March 31, agents with the Denver division of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives recovered several of the guns from the Gunsmoke business while executing a search warrant on an unrelated, ongoing federal investigation.
Wyatt and their store were featured on the television reality show “American Guns,” which aired on the Discovery Channel until it was canceled.
Wheat Ridge police are asking anyone with information on consignment issues at Gunsmoke Guns to call 303-235-2947.
Elizabeth Hernandez: 303-954-1223, ehernandez @denverpost.com or twitter.com/ehernandez
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Cuban and the American postal services will initially run a pilot plan for direct post
Cuba and the United States have agreed to restore a direct postal service, suspended 52 years ago at the height of the Cold War.
A pilot postal service will be launched shortly, but it is not clear when a full service will be implemented.
The move is part of the rapprochement process that was announced by presidents Barack Obama and Raul Castro on 17 December last year.
The two countries have since restored diplomatic ties and reopened embassies.
Cuba and the US began re-establishing postal links in 2013, before the change of policy was announced.
Mail and parcels between Cuba and the US have been re-routed through a third country, usually Mexico or Canada.
In March, direct phone connections with the US were restored after more than 15 years.
Previously, phone calls also needed to go through a third country.
While delays in the postal services have caused frustration for decades, their use in the 21st Century is becoming limited, says the BBC's Will Grant in Havana.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez eased regulations in September for American companies willing to do business in Cuba
Couriers carry mail and small packages between Miami and Havana on a regular basis.
And as the communist-run island gradually opens up to the internet, new generations of Cubans are writing fewer letters than their parents and grandparents used to, adds our correspondent.
US embargo
Despite remarkable improvement in relations in recent years, Cuba says that relations will not be fully normalised until the US pulls out of Guantanamo Bay and lifts an economic embargo imposed on the communist-run island.
The US broke off diplomatic relations with Cuba in 1959 after Fidel Castro and their brother Raul led a revolution toppling US-backed President Fulgencio Batista.
Cuba established a revolutionary socialist state with close ties to the Soviet Union.
The following year, the US imposed a trade embargo covering nearly all exports to Cuba.
This was expanded by President John F Kennedy into a full economic embargo that included stringent travel restrictions.
Image copyright AP Image caption "Blockade, the longest genocide in history," reads a billboard in Havana
The embargo is estimated to have cost the Cuban economy more than $1.1tn and the US economy $1.2bn a year.
Mr Obama has also called for the embargo to be lifted, saying it had "failed to improve the lives of the Cuban people".
But the change needs to be approved by the Congress, which is controlled by the Republican opposition.
Republican Gov. Scott Walker's attack on waste, fraud and abuse has recouped or prevented an estimated $150 million in misspent Medicaid and FoodShare benefits for Wisconsin taxpayers, the governor's office says.
Under Walker, Wisconsin has sharply increased the resources devoted to ferreting out misuse of taxpayers' money. When they took office in 2011, there was one inspector devoted to finding fraud in Medicaid and food assistance programs; now there are two dozen.
“When people abuse the system, they're stealing taxpayer-funded resources and putting the programs at risk for those who truly need them,” Walker said during a July tour touting their anti-fraud effort.
But behind that tough rhetoric, some tools for fighting waste, fraud and abuse in state spending have been weakened in recent years by actions of political leaders and state Supreme Court justices, according to a six-month investigation by the Wisconsin Center for Investigative Journalism.
The Center found that whistleblowers — the most effective tool for rooting out waste, fraud and abuse — have been sidelined in Wisconsin by court rulings that make it nearly impossible for them to get protection from retaliation.
Courtesy of Leslie Rose
In addition, at the urging of big business interests, the Legislature in the 2015-17 budget quietly killed the state False Claims Act, a law that had provided lucrative incentives for whistleblowers to report Medicaid fraud. That move and other actions by the Walker administration have cost taxpayers an estimated $11 million so far in reduced fraud settlements.
Because of that repeal, “Wisconsin now has the honor of being one of the worst states for whistleblowing,” said Stephen Kohn, an attorney and the head of the Washington, D.C.-based National Whistleblower Center, a legal advocacy association for whistleblowers.
Other highlights of the Center's findings, unveiled beginning today in a series called Broken Whistle, include disparities in how alleged wrongdoing is handled:
— Walker's anti-waste initiative has made it more difficult for people to qualify for and keep public benefits. Removals from the FoodShare program are up sixfold since 2012; one in five unemployment insurance claims is now denied, up sharply since 2011; and appeals of worker's compensation decisions are up more than 64 percent since Walker took office.
— Some companies that default on taxpayer-financed loans or grants from the Wisconsin Economic Development Corp., and fail to create promised jobs, are allowed to repay the state a fraction of the amount owed. For example, the state has agreed to settle four unpaid loans totaling $1.8 million for $224,000 — or about 12 cents on the dollar.
— Family planning clinics have been repeatedly targeted by the Walker administration for allegedly misspending millions in Medicaid dollars, an effort providers say has been “politicized” and which ultimately resulted in the state agreeing to reduce the amount to be recouped by 93 percent.
— The Walker administration has attempted to recover sums in excess of $100,000 from individuals who provided Medicaid home medical and personal care services but whose paperwork did not meet the state's “perfection rule” requiring complete adherence to every rule. Two judges have currently stayed the state's efforts to collect from these individuals.
‘Green light to steal'
Whistleblowers are employees who report wrongdoing or abuse, most often within the very agency or company in which they work. They can be polarizing figures, especially among their managers and in their own workplaces.
Dan Young / USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin
Just last week, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported that corrections employees alleged they were retaliated against after helping uncover abuse of inmates at Lincoln Hills and Copper Lake juvenile prisons. In a document obtained by the newspaper, the employees charged that the Department of Corrections had disbanded its internal affairs unit because they did their jobs too well. Corrections officials said it was part of a restructuring to maximize the agency's investigative resources.
Wisconsin law bars retaliation against state employees who identify waste, fraud and abuse. But a review of the 161 whistleblower complaints filed since 2003 shows such workers rarely prevail when they allege retaliation. The Department of Workforce Development's Equal Rights Division found discrimination in just two cases.
The Center found some whistleblowers have been fired, demoted and even threatened with violence after reporting problems including sexual assault in prisons, misuse of federal funds and other potential illegal activity.
Whistleblowers are the No. 1 method for identifying waste, fraud and abuse in government and in the private sector, according to the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners, which calls itself the world's largest anti-fraud organization. The group estimates 40 percent of misspending is caught because of tips from whistleblowers — vastly outstripping any other source, including internal and external audits and management reviews, according to the group's 2016 Global Fraud Study.
Kohn, who has represented whistleblowers for 30 years, said repealing the False Claims Act was “a green light for people to steal from the Wisconsin taxpayers.”
“The False Claims Act is the No. 1 law for detecting fraud in government contracts,” Kohn said. “Every single government official who has reviewed it has confirmed that fact.”
The whistleblower program also has suffered from a lack of transparency. The DWD discovered in early 2015 that it had failed to file summary reports on whistleblower cases — a long-ignored requirement that had been in place since 2003.
Retaliation complaints rarely win
Coburn Dukehart / Wisconsin Center for Investigative Journalism
While state employee whistleblowers are supposed to be protected from retaliation, as Dan Bethards' case demonstrates, the law does not always work that way.
Bethards, a former Department of Justice employee, blew the whistle in 2012 on a supervisor who was manufacturing and selling firearms without a license. Bethards was fired and, according to their complaints against the agency, DOJ officials ruined their reputation in law enforcement by branding them a liar.
Since reporting their supervisor, Bethards — a 25-year law enforcement veteran and former special agent with the state's top law enforcement agency — has struggled to find employment. They lost their home to foreclosure. Although their report prompted a criminal investigation that confirmed their boss was making and selling guns, federal authorities declined to prosecute. That supervisor continues to work at DOJ.
Said Bethards: “They totally destroyed me.”
Since 2003, Wisconsin state employees, including Bethards, have filed 161 complaints alleging retaliation. Most of those whistleblower complaints were dismissed or withdrawn after a finding of no probable cause or other problems with the complaint, according to case outcomes provided by the agency.
Read more of Bethards' story DOJ agent who blew the whistle in 2012 says experience ruined them
In 42 cases, agencies involved in the alleged retaliation agreed to settlements in which the state generally denied fault. Some of those settlements compensated whistleblowers with back pay, reinstated employment, allowed for changes to an employee's personnel file, altered working conditions or covered attorney's fees.
Courtesy of Dan Bethards
Eleven cases were decided in circuit or appellate courts. Whistleblowers were unsuccessful in all of them, the Center found. In each case, courts either found no illegal retaliation or ruled that the whistleblower failed to follow specific guidelines or provide information that qualified them for whistleblower protection.
As of late September, seven whistleblower cases were still pending resolution.
When informed of the Center's findings, DWD spokesperson John Dipko responded that the state whistleblower law “provides important protections for employees who report suspected wrongdoing, while sending a message to all state employees regardless of title or rank that workplace retaliation against those individuals is illegal.”
They added, “Employees aren't discouraged from reporting suspected wrongdoing, which is the ultimate goal of the whistleblower protection law.”
For Bethards, the fight is over. In May, the Wisconsin Court of Appeals sided against them on technical grounds in a ruling that also could make it more difficult for other whistleblowers to prevail. Bethards said they have no plans to appeal.
UW settles, but whistleblower still suffers
During the 2015-16 biennium, the state paid settlements to eight whistleblowers totaling $165,000, with individual amounts ranging from $4,500 to $50,000. Seven were given cash payments and one was compensated with an unspecified amount of paid administrative leave up to the date of their resignation.
The settlements are often conditional on the whistleblower withdrawing their or their complaint and signing a confidentiality agreement.
Roughly one-third of that total was paid in one settlement. Candice Hemmerling, who filed a retaliation complaint against the University of Wisconsin Colleges, received $50,000, about four years after they filed a 2012 retaliation complaint.
Hemmerling said UW Colleges took action against them after they alleged financial mismanagement and inappropriate conduct within the federally funded Upward Bound program. Hemmerling's allegations ultimately were verified, and the UW shut down the program for prospective first-generation college students, which officials had moved without federal authorization from UW-Sheboygan to UW-Manitowoc.
Throughout the two years following their reports, Hemmerling's contract was not renewed, they were demoted, and their position was eventually eliminated, according to them complained.
Much like Bethards, Hemmerling struggled to hold steady employment after the state let them go. They declined to be interviewed for this report. But a 2014 Wisconsin Gazette article on poverty shed light on Hemmerling's situation as a Wisconsinite struggling to find work.
“I have exhausted my retirement, my savings, and my unemployment has ended,” Hemmerling told the Milwaukee-based newspaper.
Whistleblower report missing for years
The 2015-16 state whistleblower report is the first of its kind, although the DWD has been legally required to produce one every biennium since 2003.
The 2015 preliminary report, with data going back to 2003, acknowledges the agency failed to produce the required reports. The document goes on to attribute the 12-year lapse in documentation to the dissolution of the Personnel Commission in 2003.
When the commission was dissolved, its duties “were divided between the Equal Rights Division … and the Wisconsin Employment Relations Commission,” according to the Commission's website.
“Regrettably, this matter did not come to DWD's attention until this week,” says the document, dated Feb. 25, 2015.
Whistleblower law ‘meaningless'
While the Walker administration has vowed to eliminate waste, fraud and abuse in state government, a state Supreme Court's 2015 decision has created a disincentive for state employees to participate, rendering the Whistleblower Law “essentially meaningless,” according to Peter Fox, the attorney who lost that case.
Alexandra Hall / WPR/Wisconsin Center for Investigative Journalism
In 2008, Fox's client, Joell Schigur, then a state DOJ manager, alerted their supervisor to potential conflicts between state law and the agency's plan to use government funds to provide personal security for then-Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen at that year's Republican National Convention.
Schigur, who had received positive quarterly reviews for two years prior to raising concerns, was promptly demoted to special agent-in-charge. They sued for alleged illegal retaliation under the whistleblower law.
Wisconsin Department of Justice
Fox argued Schigur's case all the way up to the state Supreme Court. It sided with the DOJ, ruling that Schigur had only expressed an “opinion” of wrongdoing to their supervisor — information their supervisor already had. Thus, Schigur was not entitled to protection from retaliation.
Fox said future whistleblowers, who already face a “lonely, lonely journey,” might be less likely to receive protection from retaliation due to the ruling and the current political climate.
“If this (case) doesn't get protection, I don't know what will,” Fox said.
In a dissenting opinion, Supreme Court justices Ann Walsh Bradley and Shirley Abrahamson wrote that the court's decision may have a chilling effect on whistleblowers.
“The consequences of this decision may be far reaching,” Bradley wrote. “Not only will whistleblowers suffer retaliation without recourse, but all of Wisconsin's citizens lose protection against government corruption. Absent legal protections, it will be the rare employee who will risk their livelihood to act as a whistleblower.”
The European Union has been forced to drop controversial plans to deport failed asylum seekers who do not have passports after African countries blocked the move.
European leaders offered more than £1billion aid in a bid to persuade their African counterparts to take back tens of thousands of illegal migrants.
But a migration summit in Valletta, Malta, descended into farce after the Africans rejected the EU plan to expel those who do not qualify for asylum using special papers.
Scroll down for video
Leaders from a number of African nations were present at the conference to discuss migration with their European counterparts. Pictured left to right are Ghana's President John Dramani Mahama, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande
British Prime Minister David Cameron posed for a 'family picture' with others EU and African Prime Ministers, to mark the start of the summit
The ‘laissez passer' travel documents issued to Africans without identification are aimed at easing their return back to countries they left or travelled through.
Under the proposal, EU countries would decide where a person without a passport has come from in Africa and issue the papers in lieu of a passport.
Many people arrive in Europe without identity papers with some falsely claiming to be Syrians or Iraqis in order to increase their chances of being granted asylum.
Draft conclusions for the summit of EU and African leaders written earlier this week showed it was planned they would agree to ‘enhance recognition of the EU laissez passer for return purposes'.
But last night it emerged that this would not be in the final conclusions when they are adopted today. A leaked copy of document handed to the Mail showed the line had been removed.
David Cameron last night announced the UK will use £200 million of aid money to help African countries tackle the migrant crisis.
The government said the funding, which will be given between now and 2020, will be used to help African countries cope with economic pressures, environmental disasters such as droughts and problems of corruption. It will also be used to provide humanitarian support for refugees.
The Government will provide £125 million to Ethiopia, which has seen its refugee population soar from 90,000 in 2011 to 700,000 in 2015.
The summit in Valletta, Malta, descended into farce after the Africans rejected the EU plan to expel those who do not qualify for asylum using special papers
Some £5 million will be used to provide life-saving humanitarian assistance in the Sahel countries such as Mali and Burkina Faso, with the money providing food, water and shelter.
As part of the drive to tackle the root causes of the problem, a £13 million programme will create 9,000 jobs in Somalia, giving them the option of choosing to ‘stay where they are and not be coming to Europe'.
A No10 source said as well as announcing the money, Mr Cameron would use a working dinner last night to urge African leaders to do more to accept the return of migrants who have tried to enter the European Union illegally.
‘The Prime Minister will be emphasising to the Africans that they have got to work with us on returns. We welcome the co-operation they have shown so far but it's very important that we develop the situation where we are able to return illegal migrants who arrive in the Mediterranean,' they said.
David Cameron was caught texting on a BlackBerry as other leaders spoke at the summit
It follows a wider two-day summit with European and African leaders. Mr Cameron attended the first day, pictured with Tunisian Prime Minister Habib Essid yesterday, but was returning to London today
Mr Cameron vowed the UK will play a ‘huge and historic role' in helping to tackle the migration crisis, including stepping up efforts to ‘smash' gangs of human traffickers.
They said it was ‘the biggest problem facing Europe today', with a movement of people greater than any seen since the end of the Second World War.
Edit: Just kidding! Hope you had a fun and safe April Fool's Day!
Back in December, Jim talked about two new series they were auditioning, a high fantasy saga and a steampunk series. However, there was a third simmering on the back burner, and it's since shoved its way to the fore. We can now announce Jim's next series: A paranormal romance series, starring Bigfoot!
“The plan was to start writing Cold Days early this year,” Butcher explains, “but as I was finishing the trio of Bigfoot shorts, in which Bigfoot is Harry's client, I realized there was so much more in their world I wanted to write. It really consumed my brain. The betas are eating it up, so I'm hoping the fans dig it, too.”
Jim credits their wife Shannon, author of over a dozen romantic suspense and paranormal romance novels, with the inspiration for their new direction. “Bigfoot is basically just an alpha male, exaggerated: Big, strong, hairy, and isn't much for ballet. Makes them a good candidate for romance. :)”
While this new series takes place in the same universe as The Dresden Files, it will focus on entirely new characters. However, be on the lookout for the occasional familiar face!
Look for Great North Passion in stores October 2nd, 2012. Its sequel, Land of the Midnight Desire is expected in Fall 2013.
Discuss this news here!
House Democrats' campaign arm raised a record amount in September, and now has more than $20 million cash in the bank for the 2014 elections.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) brought in $8.4 million in September and now has $21.6 million cash on hand. That's more than double what the committee had in the bank at this point last cycle.
And much of that fundraising was fueled by backlash over the potential of a shutdown, which didn't begin until early October but had been threatened by congressional Republicans for days prior.
According to a DCCC aide, more than $2 million of the sum was raised by contributions from 99,000 donors in the six days following Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE's (R-Texas) 21-hour speech protesting ObamaCare.
That contributed to a record-breaking $3 million raised online from more than 160,000 donors, the best off-year online month ever for a party campaign.
Democrats assert the shutdown will be beneficial to their chances of taking back the House, a belief fueled by polling showing Republicans taking most of the blame for the situation, as well as polling in some of the committee's top-targeted districts that show Republican incumbents vulnerable and hurting from attacks focused on the shutdown.
The Hill reported last week that DCCC Chairman Steve Israel (D-N.Y.) told a gathering of business officials that the shutdown had boosted recruiting in at least three competitive districts, with more likely to come.
They attributed much of the committee's record-breaking fundraising to the shutdown as well.
“House Republicans' reckless shutdown hurt the middle class — so our grassroots supporters and Democratic members stepped up to fight back, leading to a record fundraising month and continuing to give the DCCC the tools we need for 2014," they said.
"Just as voters are overwhelmingly fed up with this Republican Congress, Democratic supporters are, too, and they're ready to elect people who will replace Republicans who put our economy at risk in order to advance a narrow political agenda.”
A committee aide said the shutdown had also energized Democratic members, and now 86 percent of the caucus has contributed dues to the committee.
TORONTO, Canada — Few would describe Toronto as a beautiful city. Its most distinctive architectural feature — red brick Victorian townhouses and mansions — have for years been losing the battle against the wrecker's ball and green glass condo towers.
Thankfully, however, Toronto has been blessed by nature. Rivers and wooded ravines snake through the city and down to Lake Ontario. They are havens for wildlife and people.
One of the more spectacular bursts of nature in Canada's biggest urban environment occurs every year around Canadian Thanksgiving. It's the salmon run up the Humber River. And it's a sight to behold.
The run last month, through the city's west end, attracted avid anglers, giddy amateurs and onlookers like me, marveling at the sheer number and size of the salmon. The river was alive with them. Fishermen wading through the low running water could literally reach down and grab the salmon as they thrashed on the rocky riverbed to spawn.
The pros cast fly rods. The amateurs would stand above the salmon and lower baited hooks in front of their mouths. One group of youngsters scooped them up with a net, which must surely be illegal.
Hauling them out took time and effort. Anglers with bent rods zigzagged up and down the river until the exhausted fish could be heaved out of the water like logs. They were fat and almost three feet long — and that's the truth.
Most were gently released, which was probably a good idea. Not only is it sporting, but the salmon have bulked up on the soup of chemicals and sewage in the Great Lakes. Those eagerly hauling them to shore generally spoke foreign languages, which perhaps suggests they were newcomers who hadn't yet figured that out.
The Humber salmon run this year was in striking contrast to what has been happening on the other side of the country, on the Pacific coast.
The legendary sockeye run in British Columbia's Fraser River has collapsed, its decline so steep and fast that Prime Minister Stephen Harper ordered a judicial inquiry Nov. 5 to find out what's gone wrong.
The inquiry, to report by May 2011, was called after only 1 million sockeyes returned to spawn on the Fraser this fall. Between 10 million and 13 million had been expected. Scientists are using words like “disaster” to describe the turn of events.
The decline is particularly shocking because a healthy run was expected. In 2005, nearly 9 million sockeyes spawned in the Fraser River. Two years later, an estimated 130 million young salmons, known as smolts, migrated to the ocean and millions were expected back to spawn this year. They never came.
The crisis isn't restricted to the Fraser River. The fishing of wild salmon is a $185 million a year industry in British Columbia. But salmon catch along B.C.'s coast fell from 30,000 tonnes (33,000 tons) in 1998 to 5,000 tonnes (5,500 tons) last year. Commercial fishing is under threat. Worst off are native populations, who depend on salmon fishing for the little income they make.
An estimated 142 salmon populations along the B.C. coast have already been wiped out, never to return, according to the David Suzuki Foundation, a leading B.C.-based environmental group.
So what is happening? Some scientists suspect salmon farms are infesting smolts with sea lice. Salmon in these farms are packed in pens, creating a breeding environment for the parasites. The lice then cling to passing young salmon and burrow through their skin, consuming muscle and blood. In some coastal areas of B.C., sea lice are responsible for killing 80 percent of young salmon, the Sukuzi foundation estimates. (Watch a video about the repercussions of the salmon industry pushing into Chilean Patagonia.)
Others point to the impact of global warming on ocean waters, to pollution and to the paving over of habitat. But a recent report, by the Raincoast Conservation Foundation and academics from the University of California, points the finger at overfishing.
The report blames the Canadian government's Department of Fisheries and Oceans for consistently overestimating the number of salmon and consistently allowing too much commercial and recreational fishing.
Canadians have seen this movie before. In 1992, one of the most abundant populations of cod in the world virtually disappeared off the Atlantic coast of Newfoundland. An industry that was the wealth of a province for 500 years was suddenly shut down, throwing 40,000 people out of work. It remains closed today.
Blame for the cod collapse was cast far and wide, from a jump in the cod-eating seal population to a change in the Atlantic Ocean's ecosystem. But overfishing and a government slow to act were clearly part of the problem.
History, Canadians fear, is repeating itself.
On Thursday afternoon, the United States Senate passed HJ Res. 43, which overturns an Obama Administration regulation forcing states to fund scandal-ridden abortion mill Planned Parenthood.
"Shortly before they left office, Obama pushed through an HHS regulation that essentially forces states to give Planned Parenthood Title X funding. Under this rule, states must give Planned Parenthood or abortionists Title X grants and may not choose to redirect those funds to comprehensive healthcare clinics," reports Life Site News.
Resolution 43 was sponsored by pro-life Republicans Rep. Diane Black and Senator Joni Ernst. The women bashed the Obama rule, calling it an “11th hour rule to entrench federal funding for Planned Parenthood – the nation's single largest provider of abortion.”
We will "continue to work together this year to undo the damage done by the Obama administration," vowed the Republicans after Thursday's vote.
Pro-life group Susan B. Anthony List President Marjorie Dannenfelser applauded the passing of the resolution.
"We thank Senate Majority Leader McConnell and Sen. Joni Ernst for their leadership to advance H.J. Res. 43 in the Senate," said Dannenfelser. "Today's vote builds momentum for the effort to use reconciliation to redirect Planned Parenthood's largest source of government funding, Medicaid, to the nationwide network of community health centers."
Republican Senators Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski both voted against the resolution, leaving Vice President Mike Pence to cast the tie-breaking vote, which ended up 51-50.
HJ Res. 43 will soon be headed to President Donald Trump.
by
GOP Congressman Stephen Fincher is on a mission from God. They want to drastically cut the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, otherwise known as food stamps, for 47 million of our poorest citizens. They support a rider on the farm bill that would effectively eliminate 2 million people from the program, most of them children and older people, according to a report by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a nonpartisan Washington research group.
The Tea Party caucus member from Tennessee's 8th district justifies taking food out of the mouths of millions of hungry children and their parents by quoting the Book of Thessalonians: “The one who is unwilling to work shall not eat.” They also quoted, a verse from the 26th chapter of Matthew, which says the “poor will always be with us.”
“The role of citizens, of Christians, of humanity is to take care of each other,” the member of congress concedes, but quickly adds “not for Washington to steal from those in the country and give to others in the country.”
While Fincher cites chapter and verse to prove that it is immoral for out of work folks to mooch off government largesse, they fail to mention that their own fingers have been observed in the public till. But not for the sake of a measly loaf of bread or carton of milk, mind you. No, the good member of congress is one of Tennessee's largest-ever recipients of farm subsidy payments– otherwise known as “Big Ag's Food Stamp program.”
How much exactly has the Tennessee legislator received from hardworking American taxpayers? Together with their father and brother, who farm over 2500 acres for cotton in five counties, roughly 8.9 million dollars in cotton subsidies over the last 10 years, according to the Memphis Commercial Appeal.
Rep. Fincher, who is the second largest recipient of farm subsidies in the United States Congress– and that is saying a lot– wants to increase federal crop insurance by a whopping 9 billion dollars over the next 10 years. The member of congress has not said how much more they would personally reap if these additional federal subsidies are enacted.
The Commercial Appeal reported that in 2010 the Federal Election Commission conducted an investigation into a $250,000 loan to the Fincher campaign from the Gates Banking and Trust Company, where Fincher's father is a board member. On July 21, 2011, the FEC ruled unanimously that Fincher had violated federal election law by listing the loan as a personal donation rather than from Gates Banking and Trust Company. To date, no penalty has been invoked for the illegal act.
In September 2011, Fincher was named one of the “Most Corrupt Members of Congress” by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, specifically citing the Gates Banking loan. I wonder what Jesus would say about that?
Richard Schiffman is the author of two biographies as well as a journalist whose work has appeared in Salon, The Guardian, Reuters, The Washington Post, The Christian Science Monitor and the Huffington Post. They were also a free-lance journalist for several years at NPR and Monitor Radio.
Weep not for the Ummah in shambles,
Weep not for your sisters defiled,
Weep not for the men slaughtered,
Weep not for torture in front of your eyes,
Weep not for Jerusalem taken captive,
Weep not for death overcoming hunger,
Weep not for thirst being quenched by desert sand,
Weep not for poverty causing sin,
That has spread through the lands.
–
Cry for yourself for what we have traded,
Trading the next life for luxury,
Funded all by the usury,
Openly living the life of zani,
Our eyes falling upon anything,
Blaming it on our upbringing,
Hanging with unrighteous friends,
Indulging in impure foods and drinks,
Speaking before one thinks,
Magnifying glasses on our scholars,
Hearing whispers and braying the message,
Forget investigation, we didn't even doubt,
When our brothers fell from their mounts,
Judgmental eyes focused on the sin,
Backbiting and saying ‘no one will truly win'.
–
But most of all,
Cry for the absence of tears,
In our duaas that never were,
About Syria, Palestine, Burma, or any other,
Nation in frustration off the Ummah,
Sleeping calmly on our comfy beds,
Waiting until the day the fitnah spreads,
Into our own lives,
To our children, mothers and wives,
And when that day comes,
And the tears are about to fall from the brim of the eyes,
Remember my words that day,
Weep not for the Ummah in shambles,
Weep not for the Ummah today.
Advertisements
Universal is making a live-action/CG Woody Woodpecker, but it's not what you might think.
The film is designed for Brazilian audiences, and will debut theatrically in Brazil in October 2017, which is why the film's lead actor, Brazilian Thaila Ayala, is a virtual unknown in the United States. They play the girlfriend of Lance Walters (a cheeky nod to the creator of Woody Woodpecker, Walter Lantz), the baddie who wants to kick Woody out of their forest home.
There are a few clues that suggest the film is unlikely to receive an American theatrical release. Firstly, Universal 1440 Entertainment, which is the production arm of Universal's home entertainment division, is handling the production and secondly, the director is Alex Zamm, whose last theatrical feature in the U.S. was the 1998 Carrot Top film Chairman of the Board. Zamm's other credits include such direct-to-video treats as Inspector Gadget 2, Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2, and Jingle All the Way 2. (The film is being shot in English so expect some kind of home entertainment release in the U.S.)
A former convenor of the NaMo Brigade, a youth organisation floated in Karnataka to drum up support for Prime Minister Narendra Modi ahead of the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, has emerged as a key suspect in the murder of an RTI activist that took place in Mangalore on March 21.
Advertising
Police have launched a search to find Naresh Shenoy, 39, one of the founders of the NaMo Brigade who is closely associated with the RSS in Karnataka, after investigations revealed the involvement of three of their associates in the murder of Vinayak Pandurang Baliga, 51, barely 75 metres from their home.
A search was conducted at Shenoy's residence in Mangalore on Thursday as part of the murder probe. Police said they have been missing for over a week and their cell phone is switched off.
Baliga, also a BJP worker, was involved in a battle with authorities at the local Venkataramana Temple, where they prayed every morning, over alleged misappropriation of temple funds to the tune of Rs 9 crore, which they discovered by investigating and filing RTI applications.
Advertising
They had filed as many as 92 RTI applications over various issues, including land encroachment and illegal buildings in Mangalore. But police believe they were primarily targeted over the row surrounding Venkataramana Temple, which belongs to the Saraswat Goud Brahmin community. Police sources said Shenoy was also associated with the temple and was considered an ally of some authorities Baliga antagonised.
Baliga, a bachelor who lived with their parents and two unmarried sisters in their ancestral home in Kodibial, a temple district in Mangalore, was hacked to death around 5.45 am when they were on their way to Venkatramana Temple.
Barely a week after the murder, Mangalore city police picked up two youths who were allegedly contracted to carry out the murder — Nishith Devadiga, 23, and Vinith Poojary, 26. Investigations since the arrest have confirmed their role in the murder, allegedly contracted through a chain of operators, including close associates employed by Shenoy, police sources said.
Investigations have found that the two persons arrested so far were contracted for a small sum by a person identified as Shivu, who in turn was allegedly contacted by Shenoy's associate Shrikanth. The police on Thursday issued public notices declaring Shivu and Shrikanth as prime suspects in Baliga's murder.
Shrikanth, a former activist of a Hindutva group in Mangalore, was employed by Shenoy to manage operations of a few hostels that they run in the city, sources said. Investigations have found that another worker employed by Shenoy, identified as Vignesh, was at the scene of the crime with a getaway car, a Qualis, to help the contract killers flee the spot. Police sources said a search is on to find Vignesh and the car.
“There is a chain that has emerged but there are missing persons who need to be arrested to establish the linkages. We were fortuitous in getting the first break but a lot more work is needed,” a senior police official said.
Shenoy is a powerful local leader closely associated with RSS leader Sullibele Chakravarthy, the mentor of the Yuva Brigade that Shenoy created in place of the NaMo Brigade after the general elections in May 2014.
Police are still grappling with the exact motive for the murder of Baliga, who had also taken on several local builders and educational institutions.
In case of Venkatramana Temple, they found that out of nearly Rs 25 crore received as donation by the temple between 2007 and 2015 for renovation, nearly Rs 9 crore was allegedly misappropriated. They also discovered that temple property was allegedly usurped by the temple's head, contractors were paid twice for the same job and bills were inflated for small jobs like media coverage of an event, an associate of Baliga said.
“After they found discrepancies in the accounts through various routes, including RTI and their own investigations, they approached the temple trustees and asked them for a clarification, but they refused. They then approached the court,” said Ganesh Baliga, 41, a business person who is a co-petitioner with the victim in the case.
“The documents they obtained clearly showed that at least Rs 8-9 crore of temple funds received from donors could not be accounted for,” Ganesh said.
After a case was filed by Baliga against temple authorities, the Karnataka High Court directed a junior magistrate court in Mangalore to take up the matter. During the course of the case, the Venkatramana Temple authorities approached the court and offered to have the case settled through arbitration and agreed for a fresh audit of the accounts of the temple for the period between 2007 and 2015. The fresh audit was set to begin in the first week of April.
Ganesh said Baliga was also trying to make temple transactions and activities more transparent and in tune with laws in the country. “Apart from the funds, there is no inventory of the gold and other ornaments received by the temple. One of their aims was to ensure all donations to the temple were compliant with laws of the country because often donations involve black money,” Ganesh said, adding that Baliga's killing is a blow to that goal.
Mangalore police commissioner M Chandrashekhar told the media last week that there was no evidence to suggest Baliga indulged in any extortion through their RTI activities.
Noted rationalist Narendra Nayak and several lawyers in Mangalore are now considering taking up some of the cases fought by Baliga to ensure they are taken to a logical end.
Baliga's 85-year-old father and 80-year-old mother are now in the care of their unmarried sisters, who work to support the family. “I knew them for over 12 years. They enjoyed a good reputation in the city. But they were a little short tempered,” said advocate G D Bhat, whom Baliga often consulted.
Advertising
Baliga's mother Jayanti said, “I have never cursed anyone in my life, but after I lost my son, I curse their murderers. My small family has been left with no caretaker.”
SEATTLE — Every mother dreams of a bright future for their child. One of the most fundamental keys to success in life is nutrition. The first 1,000 days of life form the most critical period of development. Children deprived of proper nutrition during the first 1,000 days often suffer the consequences for the rest of their lives.
Five weeks after conception marks the beginning of the embryonic period. During this period, essential organs including the brain and spinal cord begin to form. By week six, the neural tube, which gives rise to the central nervous system, has closed. Nutritional deficiencies in the mother's diet during this crucial period can lead to lasting consequences for the child. Neural tube defects can lead to serious birth defects such as spina bifida or anencephaly, the absence of a major portion of the brain, skull, or scalp.
The good news is, most of these defects are preventable with the right interventions during the first 1,000 days. Maternal supplementation with only 400 micrograms of folic acid has been shown to be effective in reducing the risk of neural tube defects. To avoid stunting in children, though, mothers need much more than a single vitamin supplement.
Characterized by lower than average height for age, the consequence of chronic malnutrition is stunting. Associated with poor performance in school, stunting afflicts more than one in four children. Although stunting may not be evident in the first 1,000 days of a child's life, there is no question it is a consequence of malnutrition during that critical period.
Between 1990 and 2011, the prevalence of stunting was reduced by 36 percent, but there is still much work to do. The World Health Assembly made it a goal to reduce stunting in children under 5 years of age by another 40 percent by 2025. To do so, simple but cost-effective interventions need more investment.
These interventions need to begin while the child is still in the womb, where the importance of maternal nutrition is paramount. Protein and lipid supplements for pregnant women have been effective in improving child growth. After delivery, continued nutritional support for mother and child are critical, as breastfeeding has demonstrated myriad benefits for the child. Though the benefits of improved nutrition are not always immediately appreciable, studies suggest it is highly cost-effective. Conservative models suggest a 30-fold return on investment in very poor countries.
If global goals for the prosperity of all are to be met, this health problem must be addressed first. Though no formal learning occurs in the first 1,000 days of a child's life, there is no other period that has as much influence on their future success.
– Rebecca Yu
Photo: Flickr
If we are in the midst of the movie business' summer of hell, one starring a demon-possessed doll might as well top the charts.
That appears to be the case for Warner Bros. and New Line's “Annabelle: Creation.” The fourth installment in what has become the “Conjuring” extended universe is casting its evil eye on about $25 million this weekend. Some tracking suggests it should earn $30 million. Either way, off a $15 million budget, the horror installment should be quite profitable.
While the horror genre routinely beats out expectations, “Annabelle 2” looks to come in below the first “Annabelle” ($37.1 million); “The Conjuring” ($41.9 million); and “The Conjuring 2” ($40.4 million). David F. Sandberg directed the sequel about a dollmaker whose creation terrorizes a group of orphan girls. For those invested in the “Conjuring” canon, it serves as a prequel to the first “Annabelle.” Stephanie Sigman, Talitha Bateman, Anthony LaPaglia, and Miranda Otto star in the pic that critics have generally given a thumbs up to (it currently has an 80% on Rotten Tomatoes).
The horror sequel should steal the top spot on the domestic charts from the film adaptation of Stephen King's “The Dark Tower,” which led last weekend with only $19.2 million. The same could go for Open Road's animated sequel “The Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature,” which is opening in 4,003 locations. The story of a group of animals who attempt to save their home from being bulldozed and turned into an amusement park, is aiming to make about $15 million. That's slightly below the first “Nut Job” movie, which opened to $19.4 million before going on to take in $120.9 million worldwide during its run.
Related Time to Panic: Inside the Movie Business' Summer of Hell
That leaves Lionsgate's “The Glass Castle,” an adaptation of Jeannette Walls' popular 2005 memoir, which is tracking for a soft opening of $5 million, or at the most in the high single digits. The adult drama brings with it the star power of Brie Larson, Naomi Watts, and Woody Harrelson. Larson reunited with “Short Term 12” director Destin Daniel Cretton for the project, who helmed the project from a script they penned along with Andrew Lanham and Marti Noxon. The film, which has received mixed reviews, tells the story of Walls' dysfunctional and nomadic family life as a child.
The Weinstein Company's “Wind River,” which performed well at four locations last weekend, will expand to about 45. It's met, in limited release, by a number of fresh films including A24's “Good Time” starring Robert Pattinson, Neon's “Ingrid Goes West,” and Roadside Attractions' “The Only Living Boy in New York.”
All this during a weekend that could use a serious boost. Last weekend's total domestic gross came in below the opening weekend of just a single film — “Suicide Squad” — the year prior. As of Sunday, the summer box office was more than 10% behind last year, and the year was dragging by 3%. All eyes are on a few major releases at the end of the year to see if there's a possibility that ticket sales might recover.
Most people know these names by now: Michael Brown, Eric Garner, Tamir Rice, Walter Scott and Freddie Gray. These are the names of five unarmed black men killed while in police custody, in a handful of high-profile cases that swept the media and the country by storm in the last year.
Here's another set of names: Tanesha Anderson, Miriam Carey, Yvette Smith, Natasha McKenna and Rekia Boyd. They are five of the many unarmed black women who have also died at the hands of police. But their stories have been largely ignored in mainstream discussions, more than their male counterparts.
Days before Gray's death from a spinal injury incurred while in police custody set off a wave of riots and protests across Baltimore, a black transgender woman was gunned down by police. Them name was Mya Hall. All most media consumers know is that "two men" who were "dressed as women" crashed into a National Security Agency structure. Few know what happened to her, let alone their name, because their story didn't get the same media coverage or widespread outrage as Gray. The same could be said for many other women like them
Police shot at Hall's car on March 30 in Fort Meade, Maryland, after they reportedly took a wrong turn and wound up near the Baltimore headquarters of the NSA. As the Daily Dot notes, police officers shot up the vehicle after Hall refused to completely stop the car, which was reportedly stolen. They died when the car crashed into the gates of the NSA. Them friend in the passenger seat was wounded.
In a jail not too far away in Fairfax County, Virginia, Natasha McKenna, an inmate, was tasered to death in February. The event was the result of officers' attempts to subdue them while they experienced a psychotic episode, according to the Washington Post. McKenna, who stood at 5 feet 3 inches and weighed 130 pounds, was reportedly diagnosed as having both schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
Paul Zimmerman/Getty Images One Billion Rising: Revolution kicks off at the Hammerstein Ballroom, NYC.
Who endures police violence? In an interview with Mic, Kimberlé Crenshaw, executive director of the African American Policy Forum, said it's understandable why there's so much coverage of black men being killed by police, but the relative exclusion of women from this topic should be cause for concern.
"Consider the fact that before each of the prominent cases of police homicide have occurred, there have been women killed and we don't know anything about what happened to them," they told Mic. "Their funerals aren't the site of activism, their mothers don't get invited to the State of the Union or the White House as a symbol of commitment to eliminating this problem. That element of erasure sends a message that these losses of life don't matter."
The standard frame for understanding police and state violence against black people has largely focused on black men, so the exclusion of black women remains prevalent, Crenshaw said. However, they noted, black people — especially black women — have historically been victimized in multiple ways.
"In fact, there's a far broader template of being endangered while black that includes black women," Crenshaw said. They cited domestic interventions, botched drug raids, mental health incidents, government-ordered evictions and sexual assault cases involving officers as a few other examples of incidents that take place when black women are subject to brutality or death via the police — incidents unrelated to driving or walking while black. This includes the cases of women such as Aura Rosser, Kathryn Johnston, Tanesha Anderson and Eleanor Bumpurs.
Charlene Carruthers, national director of the Black Youth Project 100, told Mic, that at least two videos of black women being manhandled by police officers had spread in the past year. "We also must recognize other types of violence or else we miss parts of the population," they said. "When we look at how police and state violence affects black women, it includes black women and girls getting killed. It also includes black women and girls being sexually assaulted, harassed and beaten by officers as well."
Chicago Tribune/Getty Images Judge throws out charges against Chicago cop in fatal off-duty shooting of Rekia Boyd
Where news cameras focus: President Barack Obama criticized the way media handled the situation in Baltimore, as there was little national attention focused on the inequalities of black people in the city before Gray's death led to mass outrage. "If we really wanted to solve the problem, we could," Obama said. "It would require everybody saying, 'This is important, this is significant,' and not just pay attention to these communities when a CVS burns or a young man gets shot or has their spine snapped."
Police officers continue to disproportionately stop black pedestrians or drivers, as a 2011 report from the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights concluded. Driving or walking while black isn't the only way police violence takes shape for black people, especially black women. Black men are most affected by this trend, but they're not the only ones who are suffering. Yet so far, the only viral videos involving unarmed black people being killed by police have only shown black men and boys as victims — including Garner, Scott and Rice.
Changing course: To elevate the narratives of black women, an ongoing "Say Them Name" campaign from the African American Policy Forum continues, while activists in the Black Lives Matter movement have used social media to raise awareness about black women victimized by police violence. Women in the movement have also called for May 21 as a national day of action for black women and girls. The date itself, Carruthers told Mic, coincides with actions in Chicago related to the recent ruling in Boyd's case, where an officer there was acquitted of killing the unarmed black woman. In the days leading up to the trial for Boyd's shooter, Chicago police officer Dante Servin, local activists pointed out to Progress Illinois that their situation mirrored the disproportionate pattern of violence waged against women of color.
"Our sisters are often forgotten," Danielle Villarreal of Feminist Uprising to Resist Inequality and Exploitation, a Chicago activist group, told Progress Illinois, "and we want their names, stories and struggles highlighted."
Sen. Hubert Humphrey, left, Vice President-elect Sen. Walter Mondale and Gov. Wendell Anderson, standing, confer during a fund-raising dinner in 1976 in Minneapolis. Anderson would step into Mondale's Senate seat later that year.
Former Gov. Wendell Anderson, a collegiate and Olympic hockey star who rose rapidly to Minnesota's highest office but saw their political career extinguished just as quickly, has died at age 83.
Their family announced their death Sunday. Anderson had been in hospice care.
"Governor Anderson was one of Minnesota's greatest governors," Governor Mark Dayton said in a press release. "His transformational 'Minnesota Miracle' — which they achieved through one of the most momentous bipartisan agreements in our state's history - has dramatically improved the quality of our state's public education."
At their political prime in the 1970s, Anderson championed what become known as the "Minnesota Miracle" and graced the cover of Time magazine as the leader of a state other places could emulate. A political power play cut their career short, but Anderson left a lasting mark.
Even before Wendell Anderson stepped into politics, they secured a revered place in Minnesota history. The former University of Minnesota hockey star brought home a silver medal from the 1956 Olympics in Italy.
• MPR Archive: Anderson on how Democrats dominate state politics
The renowned competitiveness they displayed on the ice earned them a spot in the Minnesota Legislature just a few years later. And eventually, the determination landed them in the governor's office at age 37.
Wendy, as they were more commonly called, had a lot going for him. Dashing looks. Smooth delivery. And they were a popular figure in a Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party only starting to flex its muscle in Minnesota government. Some saw them as a midwestern John F. Kennedy.
Former Gov. Wendell Anderson on the cover of Time magazine on Aug. 13, 1973. Dan McCoy | Time
Time magazine featured a beaming, flannel-shirted Anderson holding a northern pike next to the words: "The Good Life In Minnesota." Their 1974 State of the State address was something of a victory lap.
• MPR Archive: About that Time magazine cover
"It is our job as our state to protect our people with all the strength we have," Anderson said. "It is our job to keep our people working and our farmers farming. It's our job to preserve the ability of industry and small business to support a strong Minnesota economy. And it is our job as a state to pay more thoughtful attention to the future."
Anderson would usher in a heralded school finance change that pushed costs away from property taxes to state taxes. What was called the "Minnesota Miracle" helped even out disparities between districts.
Tom Berg was a DFL House member at the time and would later write a book on the overhaul.
"He fixed it." Berg said. "People remembered that."
Anderson wagered that voters would accept higher state taxes for the promise of better schools, and they backed him. Republicans branded them "Spendy Wendy" but they piled up a two-to-one re-election win.
Roger Moe was a young DFL state senator at the time. Moe says Anderson drove a powerful agenda on school finance, tax policy and environmental policy.
"I'll put this up against anybody in terms of political history of the state," Moe said. "I doubt there will ever be, there certainly hasn't been and I doubt there will ever be another six years of kind of progressive legislation that has had a lasting impact for our state like the six years when Wendy was governor."
It's not that Anderson was a natural politician. Moe remembers Anderson telling them how they would go into a crowded room and look for a familiar face to sidle up to instead of shaking every hand in front of him.
"Although they have loosened up a lot more since then, back when they were governor I don't think most people knew they were actually quite shy," Moe said.
And it's easy to forget that Anderson wasn't even the biggest star in their home-state party. Hubert Humphrey was a former vice president and then back in the U.S. Senate. And Sen. Walter Mondale was about to become vice president himself. That turn proved fateful for Anderson.
After the 1976 election, Anderson resigned as governor and their lieutenant governor, Rudy Perpich, appointed them to Mondale's vacant Senate seat.
Voters were angered by the perceived arrogance. And Republicans used that against Anderson and other Democrats in the 1978 election, when the DFL took a beating and voters sent Anderson packing.
In a 2003 MPR interview, Anderson was candid in calling the position swap a mistake.
"I think the people of Minnesota felt they had elected me as governor for four years and wanted me to stay there," they said. "I think that's fair. I don't disagree with the decision they made."
Republican Rudy Boschwitz beat Anderson in that Senate race. To Boschwitz's surprise, it would mark the end of Anderson's political career.
"He was in their middle 40s at that time and I certainly thought they would seek a comeback. But they didn't," Boschwitz said.
Boschwitz and Anderson's own relationship would grow. The two sometimes met for walks or runs on a suburban trail, discussing current affairs, not their ballot rivalry.
In the 2003 interview Anderson looked back on their days in politics as different as the more toxic brand that came later.
"I was privileged to be governor when people were nice to one another," they said. "Republicans and Democrats got along, were able to do significant things for the state of Minnesota because they liked one another. They respected one another."
Kevin White talked to DC Comics co-publisher Jim Lee to kick off the In Store Convention Kick Off, streaming to stores across the USA.
Jim Lee talked about how at DC Comics they are focusing on the periodical line, getting readers into comic stores every Wednesday and how keeping that level of excitement is critical to the comic book industry. About how the TV series can create excitement for the comics.
They talked about their excitement for Rebirth, taking whet they learnt from the NEw 52 to refine what they are doing.
“It's not a reboot, it's really a relaunch, creatively it's looking at the entire line… taking elements of the DC Mythology maybe not seen in the New 52 and bringing them back… we have really high hopes, it's amazing to see the covers come in the new writers come in, sitting down with Geoff Johns and spending hours focusing on the characters… It's going to be very character driven. Discovering what makes them unique and exciting and different from each other.”
As to the bi-weekliness, “it's going to be interesting to see the cadence and the flow – and a more accelerated pace.”
Which character will surprise the audience the most? He's not saying until the WonderCon live streaming. And stated that Rob Williams, currently writing Martian Manhunter for DC, will be writing the Suicide Squad ongoing comic he's drawing.
Which explains this:
Jim admits to reading a lot of the internet, with advice from Brent Anderson, “if you take the positive and let it go to your head, you have to take the negative as well…” Jim tries to dismiss both. Very Rudyard Kipling‘s If...
Follow the rest of our In Store Convention Kickoff coverage here.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Howard Stern: you either love them or you hate him, but you have to give the man credit for taking an extremely controversial radio show and using it to become ridiculously wealthy. Stern's current estimated net worth is right around $500 million, and that definitely isn't because he's a typical DJ. Stern is known for their raunchy style which has caused them to be hated by some, and adored by others.
The Howard Stern Show sometimes features individuals from a group of people who regular watchers are quite familiar with. This group is called the “Wack Pack”. For those unfamiliar with the Wack Pack, it features individuals who are regular guests/callers to the show, and are unusual in one way or another. Not just any unusual guest can be considered a member of the Wack Pack. Stern says the determining factor that separates them from the rest is not the fact that they are out of the ordinary and funny, but the fact that they don't understand why they are so funny.
This ever-growing list included one man that just about every Howard Stern fan knows about. Their name was Eric the Midget (Eric Shaun Lynch), and they were a frequent caller to the show. In fact, they even had the opportunity to be a guest on the show at one point.
What made Eric the Midget so unique was the fact that they were only 3'5″ (1.04m) tall and had a very entertaining voice. Besides being a guest on the Howard Stern Show, they also went on to play parts in several television shows, and even hosted their own podcasts. Their acting career led to their Wack Pack designation being updated to Eric the Actor on Stern's website.
While Eric oftentimes spoke of how they have outlived every one of their doctors' predictions for their life expectancy, this past September Eric Shaun Lynch (Eric the Midget) passed away, at 39 years old, from Ehlers Danlos Syndrome. Many Howard Stern fans, while not all that shocked at the news, were extremely upset to hear of Eric's death. One fan, named Chris Milnes (MuckyChris), decided to use their knowledge of 3D printing to create a memorial for Eric the Midget.
“As a lifelong Howard Stern fan I was devastated by the loss of regular caller Eric the Midget,” Milnes tells 3DPrint.com. “I felt the need to create a memorial to ETM using 3D printing.”
Milnes also plans to release the design files for the memorial for free via Thingiverse, and is currently selling them already 3D printed on their Etsy Shop. They are priced at between $34.99 and $39.99 depending on if you select version 1 or version 2. Milnes will be donating $3 for each sale to the Shriners Hospital where Eric the Midget was treated for their condition.
The 3D printed Eric the Midget Memorial Tribute measures 5″ wide x 6″ tall x 1.5″ deep and Milnes tells us that it takes them 15 hours to print each one.
“There are two versions available, a simple monochrome version and a colored version where the ETM urn and Pepsi bottle are brass colored and the balloons are bright red,” explains Milnes. “If you have special requests for alternate colors please just let me know.”
What do you think? Were you a fan of Eric the Midget? What do you think about this memorial? Discuss in the 3D printed Eric The Midget Memorial forum thread on 3DPB.com.
The singer referenced a Guardian interview with Ian McKellen about a lack of openly gay men winning Academy awards
Sam Smith: I want to dedicate my Oscar to the LGBT community
Sam Smith has dedicated their best original song Oscar to the LGBT community after referring to a lack of openly gay men winning Academy awards.
Ian McKellen: 'Why has no openly gay man ever won the best actor Oscar?' Read more
As they picked up the award for best original song for Writing's on the Wall from Spectre, they referenced a quote by Ian McKellen from a Guardian interview about homophobia within the film industry.
“I read an article a few months ago by Sir Ian McKellen and they said no openly gay man had won an oscar,” Smith said. “If this is the case, I want to dedicate this to the LGBT community around the world. I stand here tonight as a proud gay man and I hope that we can all stand as equals one day.”
The host from two years ago, Ellen DeGeneres, endorsed their speech on Twitter.
Ellen DeGeneres (@TheEllenShow) Congrats @samsmithworld on a beautiful speech and @ladygaga on a moving performance #Oscars
Smith beat the favourite for the Oscar, Lady Gaga, after the latter performed an emotional rendition of their song Til It Happens to You from campus rape documentary The Hunting Ground. Gaga's performance was introduced by Joe Biden, who called for more awareness of sexual abuse in colleges.
It had been a long winter. Edward had avoided the cold by wrapping themselves up in a blanket for the majority of it. Wrapping themselves in a blanket, a quilt, and snuggling into their own body heat. They breathed in amongst the little ball that they had created. Creating warmth, letting their own bodily juices warm them and create a stench that fermented and created a front to the cold.
They could not turn on the heater for the electricity bill that it would create would force them out onto the streets. Force them out onto the streets where they would be faced with further atrocities. Atrocities that were beyond their figure of reasoning. Where the middle class kids, those with no experience of the world beyond the schoolyard would throw scorn onto them as a lazy bum. A bum who did not deserve the prerequisites of human love and care. All because of some sort of misconception that they hadn't put in the effort to make something of himself.
To make something of himself; to make something of one's self; what did it all mean? Were these just more meaningless words pissed up against the wind or was there actually some sort of argument to be made. Some sort of counterpoint. Surely not everyone could make something of themselves and those that did. Well, those that did could only do so because others did not.
There was some sort of prerequisite to the conditions of poverty. There was always some sort of prerequisite to the conditions of poverty. Something that prompted one to clutch onto dollars and cents, rather than valuables and real estate.
Did poverty breed poverty? For the majority rule it certainly did. Those without the means to sustain themselves were often caught in some sort of fever. It was a sickness. A disease. And not a disease that would dissipate at any point in the future. It had always existed in the past and would continue to go on like this. And on. And on. And on.
There was nothing that Edward could do apart from work. Their friendship circles had all run dry. Those within them had gone on to find themselves families and those that did not find families, found themselves a life beyond that of the one Edward knew them to lead.
They could not find themselves any work of the paid variety and so concentrated their efforts on a developing himself. Developing themselves in any way that they could. They read books: Sylvia Plath, Hermann Hesse, Haruki Murakami, anything that they could really. Books are cheap and for this people will often find the well read person in a cycle of poverty. With nothing else to do with themselves apart from read.
Those with the means and the money liked it this way. They would all laugh and snigger behind the well-read man's back. Knowing that they were sustaining their own cycle of remorse and hatred for himself. Knowing that the writers themselves were cynics and knowing that they found themselves company in the words of dead people's minds. Action. That was what was prescribed. Action. Action and effort to do something. But in poverty action is limited and constrained to fantasy and imagining.
And that is what Edward would imagine. Would envision. Grabbing hold of a kitchen knife and sticking it through some poor sap's eye. Blood would spill and there would be cries of horror, at which point Edward would hand over their well being to the state. The state would feed him, clothe them and they wouldn't have to take on any iota of independence anymore.
But then if they did that… They couldn't sleep. They couldn't sleep and escape the horrible nightmare through dreams that their subconscious allowed them as a means of escape. They couldn't warm themselves in the cold, couldn't warm themselves and dream a dream in which their mind gratified and satiated their desires. If they were to do that, if they were to act in violence, even their fantasy and imaginings would be stripped bare. The regulated routine of a prison environment would do that, kill your dreams and beat out any hope and desire that you once had.
Advertisements
Washington (CNN) Defense Secretary James Mattis is visiting troops at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Station for the holiday, the Pentagon said Thursday.
"Secretary Mattis is currently visiting with troops at Guantanamo Bay for the holidays to thank them for their service," Pentagon spokesperson COL Rob Manning told CNN.
The Associated Press accompanied Mattis and was first to report on their trip. Defense Department Spokesperson Sue Gough also confirmed the secretary's travel to CNN on Thursday.
Multiple officials told CNN that Mattis was there only to visit troops and not to discuss detainee policy or inspect detention facilities.
Guantanamo Bay Naval Station, or "Gitmo," has been the center of political controversy for several years. Former President Barack Obama announced intentions to close the detention center when they were first elected, however, it still remains open and President Donald Trump has endorsed the continued, and perhaps expanded, use of the facility.
Read More
Paul Jones arrived in a Chevy pickup, dust clouds billowing as they crossed the desert. They had set out soon after first light from their base in southern Afghanistan, an encampment that, thanks to their employer's logistics savvy, had an ample supply of Pabst Blue Ribbon. Almost everything there had been sent by sea from California or Oregon, and then trucked up from Pakistan.
The 63-year-old, khaki-clad engineer came that February morning to observe a massive development project aimed at transforming the valley along the Helmand River into a modern society.
Irrigation canals would feed farms that would produce so much food that the country would export the surplus for profit. New schools, modern hospitals and recreation centers would rise from the sand. So, too, would factories, fed by electricity from a generator at a dam upriver. Jones had seen a similar transformation near their home on the outskirts of Sacramento, and they were certain it would materialize here, too. In the desert expanse, they saw “the beginning of a new civilization — a new way of life abounding in the riches of worthy endeavor.”
It was 1951.
Over the following decade, a legion of Americans hungry for adventure and hardship bonuses descended upon southern Afghanistan to join the vast, U.S.-funded nation-building project. Within a few years, they had built a model town from scratch. The streets were lined with trees. The white-stucco homes with green front lawns resembled subdivisions in the American Southwest. There was a co-ed high school and a community pool where boys and girls frolicked together. A clubhouse along the river featured nightly card games and a Filipino barkeeper who could mix a potent gin-and-tonic.
The Americans called the town Lashkar Gah. The Afghans called it Little America.
Sixty years later, the canals that Jones helped construct still irrigate small farms in communities whose names — Marja, Garmser, Nad-i-Ali, Nawa— are known mainly because of the U.S. Marines and British soldiers who have been killed and maimed there. But much of the rest of that grand development venture in the '50s and '60s failed. The valley never became Afghanistan's breadbasket (although it did become the world's largest grower of opium-producing poppies). There are no factories, co-ed schools or community centers. A concert in Lashkar Gah earlier this year featuring female singers without headscarves led to the firing of the deputy governor of Helmand province. And just last Sunday, a suicide bomber killed 10 police officers and a child outside the city's police headquarters.
As the United States begins to reduce troop levels and transition responsibility for security to the Afghan government — Lashkar Gah was handed over last month — the legacy of Little America helps to explain why, despite the more than $20 billion spent on reconstruction, development and humanitarian aid over the past 10 years, the hopes of many in the Obama and Bush administrations of transforming Afghanistan from a terrorist haven to a reasonably stable society have not materialized.
While Europe dug out of World War II's rubble, Afghanistan's king, Mohammed Zahir Shah, basked in their windfall. Their treasury had swelled during the early 1940s through the sale of food to British forces in Burma and taxes levied on the export of Persian fat-tailed sheep pelts, largely to the United States.
In 1946, seeking to modernize their nation, Zahir Shah hired the American engineering firm that built the Hoover Dam and the San Francisco Bay Bridge to construct a network of irrigation canals in the south and a dam on the Helmand River. They believed that harnessing the waters of the Hindu Kush would yield prosperity, transforming an arid valley into a fertile and thriving oasis.
The American firm, Morrison Knudsen,insisted that every piece of equipment be brought from the United States. And when the Afghan government dismissed the need for soil and drainage studies — a standard prerequisite for such projects — the company did not object. It believed the venture was simply too big to fail.
Two new farming communities — Marja and Nad-i-Ali — would be carved out of the desert. New villages would be constructed, with schools and health clinics. Nomads would be resettled. Families from different tribes would live next to each other. It was all part of a social-engineering experiment promoted by a cadre of modern-minded Afghans who had been sent, at great expense by the king, to attend American universities. These English-speaking, suit-wearing Afghans found in Jones and their ilk the ideal partners for the transformation of their nation.
But challenges appeared almost immediately. The soil in Marja and Nad-i-Ali is shallow, and it sits upon an almost impermeable layer of subsoil that prevents adequate drainage. When it is irrigated by Afghans, who have a tendency to flood their land, water pools on the surface and salts accumulate — all of which is very bad for agriculture.
Part of the problem was that the Afghans failed to keep their end of the bargain. They were supposed to construct ditches to drain the fields, but “the few Afghan engineers were constantly used as administrators, so the Afghans were never able to fulfill their engineering obligations,” the historian Louis Dupree wrote. Morrison Knudsen “moved along with its end of the project, at first not realizing that the Afghans could not complete their commitments, nor would their pride permit them to admit it.”
It was the first time — but not the last — that American efforts to partner with modernizing Afghans would struggle.
Although the Afghan government started to have doubts about the vast endeavor, Morrison Knudsen's answer was to double down. It advocated completing the dam and storage reservoir upstream, in the district of Kajaki, and expanding development efforts along the river valley. It estimated the total cost at $63 million (almost $600 million in today's dollars).
The Afghans already had paid $20 million to Morrison Knudsen. In a letter to the State Department in September 1949, the company admitted that “there should have been more . . . to show for this large expenditure.”
By then, the king's treasury was running dry. So their government turned to Washington. U.S. officials were skeptical about the project, but they had bigger considerations. America's reputation was at stake — the Afghans didn't see a distinction between U.S. contractors and the U.S. government. The officials also feared that if Washington did not step in, Moscow would.
The United States Export-Import Bank gave Afghanistan a $21 million loan that year — the first chunk of more than $80 million it would receive from the United States over the next 15 years. The money was used to build the dam, finish the canals and construct Lashkar Gah.
Little America began as an oasis for Morrison Knudsen engineers and their U.S.-educated Afghan partners. But it also was supposed to serve as an example of a modern community, one that village dwellers would seek to replicate.
The residents had dinner parties and picnics. Children rode bicycles and gathered at friends' homes to listen to records. They swam in the community pool (boys and girls could swim together) or swatted balls on the tennis court. Once a week they would watch movies at the nearby Morrison Knudsen camp.
“It was an enchanting time,” said Rebecca Pettys, who lived there for six years starting in 1958, when they were 12 years old. Them father, an Afghan who received a doctorate from the University of Chicago and married a Finnish American woman they met in Illinois, moved their family from Kabul to Helmand so they could participate in the development effort. “We had parties and danced,” Pettys said. “Everything about our lives was American.”
For the first few years, they were schooled in a neighbor's home using the Calvert correspondence program from Baltimore. Them father taught geology, and the American wife of another Afghan official was responsible for English classes. After they finished ninth grade, the Helmand Valley Authority set up a public school in Lashkar Gah. Boys from villages across the south were housed in dormitories there, in an effort not just to educate them but also to introduce them to modern life.
Pettys and another Afghan American girl joined the boys as day students; their Afghan fathers felt strongly about the need for mixed-sex education.
“It was the urban power elite of Afghanistan trying to confront and reshape their own country. They wanted to modernize the rural, nomadic, pastoral, uneducated population,” said Pettys's brother, Tamim Ansary, who wrote a book about their Afghan American childhood. “They saw themselves as part of an epic project to overcome the primitive barbarism of Afghan society,” they explained. “The people who wore suits looked down upon those who wore pantaloons and baggy shirts.”
In 1960, the historian Arnold Toynbee traveled to Lashkar Gah, where they observed that “American-mindedness is the characteristic mark of the whole band of Afghan technicians and administrators who are imposing Man's will on the Helmand River. . . . Coming home to Afghanistan, they have brought America with them. The new world they are conjuring up out of the desert at the Helmand River's expense is to be an America-in-Asia.”
But tensions were already rising. In 1959, rioters angered by government efforts to abolish the veil burned down a girls' school in Kandahar, prompting the government to slow its modernization drive. And the lackluster results of the irrigation project became an even larger impediment to the social-engineering campaign. By 1960, the project's focus shifted to salvaging the basic agricultural effort; coed schools would have to wait.
The Afghans beseeched the U.S. government to send engineers, and soon experts arrived from the Bureau of Reclamation and, later, the U.S. Agency for International Development. Although U.S. officials now portray that period as a halcyon time of American assistance, it really was an effort to remedy the mistakes of a profligate U.S. contractor and overly ambitious Afghan engineers.
Although that work helped turn hundreds of square miles into reasonably productive farms, it did not achieve the early goal of transforming the Helmand River valley into Afghanistan's breadbasket. To do so would have required moving farmers off their land and bulldozing it to improve drainage. When those plans were described to the farmers, they threatened to meet the work crews with rifles.
The inability to create larger and more productive farms meant that the Afghan government did not generate the tax revenue to build the roads needed to get goods to market or the factories needed to turn produce into export-ready products. By the time the Soviets rolled into Afghanistan in 1979, most of the farmers in the Helmand Valley were engaged in subsistence agriculture, as they are to this day.
All of the principal challenges of the Little America project — the tension between modernists and traditionalists, the incompetence and venality of contractors, the inability of the Afghans to fulfill their end of the deal, the unrealistic expectations of American and Afghan officials — are the same reasons that today's grand nation-building effort is so troubled.
The U.S. government has again sided with the country's urban elite instead of seeking to empower local and tribal leaders. It did so in the name of good governance, but it has weakened the grass-roots leadership essential to building stability.
Many U.S. contractors remain more focused on spending their allotted funds, as Morrison Knudsen did, than on scaling back in the face of uninspiring results. “Maintaining the burn rate [of spending] defined how we approached the program,” said a former contractor who worked on a large agriculture assistance initiative in Helmand over the past two years.
In an effort to improve services in areas that have been cleared of insurgents by U.S. forces, USAID and the State Department have pushed the Afghan government to dispatch civil servants to those places by offering incentives such as bonus pay. But the government has moved so slowly — because of inertia, skepticism of U.S. motives and a lack of qualified personnel — that some U.S. officials now refer to the initiative, which is called the District Delivery Program, as the “District Disaster Program.”
Unreasonable dreams persist as well. When the U.S. government allocated $300 million in 2009 for a one-year agriculture project in Helmand and Kandahar provinces, American officials boasted about how it would transform farmers' lives and lead to new factories and exports. The money was spent, but with few of the hoped-for benefits.
Not all of the effort from the Little America days proved wasted. The irrigation canals still carry water to thousands of farms, and the Kajaki Dam generates some electricity. Older residents remember school lessons taught by Peace Corps volunteers. But these results fall well below the expectations of the era: When Jones left Afghanistan in 1952, they believed that their work would eventually transform Afghanistan into a “star of Asia.”
What will be the legacy of America's effort — this time so costly in blood as well as treasure — to transform Afghanistan over the past decade? Little America may provide one answer: a high-priced endeavor, with outsize goals, conceived in partnership with Afghans seeking rapid change, that leaves behind but a modest contribution.
Rajiv Chandrasekaran, an associate editor of The Washington Post, has spent the past 21 / 2 years covering the war in Afghanistan.
Read more from Outlook, friend us on Facebook, and follow us on Twitter.
If you're getting a sense of deja vu don't be alarmed, you aren't crazy.
It was only a month ago that Florida Panthers prospects convened at the Panthers IceDen in Coral Springs for their annual development camp. While many of the names remain same, the difference between development camp and this week's prospects camp is night and day.
The players that entered the Panthers practice facility back in July, wide-eyed and in awe of their new surroundings, now sport sobering demeanors as they prepare to jockey for position on the organization's depth chart.
Simply put, it's time to get to work.
After a lone practice on Friday morning under the direction of San Antonio Rampage head coach Tom Rowe and assistant coach Scott Allen, players will board a flight to Nashville to compete in a four-team Rookie Tournament that begins on Saturday. Prospects from the Boston Bruins, Tampa Bay Lightning, and host Nashville Predators will be the other three teams in attendance.
Here are some storylines you should be following throughout the week:
A SECOND LOOK AT AARON EKBLAD
After signing a three-year, entry-level contract with the Panthers on Sept. 3, defenseman Aaron Ekblad is all but assured a spot on the team's opening-night roster.
The No. 1 overall pick in June's draft and the Ontario Hockey League's most outstanding defenseman during the 2013-2014 season, Ekblad, 18, will get their first taste of competitive action in front of Panthers top brass since lighting the lamp during an intrasquad scrimmage that closed out development camp.
Hoping to spend the week improving on their defensive play and skating, Ekblad says they are ready to return to the ice after having suffered a concussion on Aug. 5 at Canada's summer world junior evaluation camp. In the weeks following the incident, Ekblad continued to train rigorously and says their head will not set them back.
Panthers general manager Dale Tallon, meanwhile, plans to take a judicious approach to Ekblad's usage during this week's rookie tournament in order to protect the organization's top prospect to any further harm.
"We'll take our time," Tallon said. "We'll be careful. They seem to be 100 percent. We'll see how it goes the first few days of camp. If he's ready and willing and healthy, we'll let them go. But we'll be careful."
ROCCO GRIMALDI'S TRANSITION TO THE WING
Standing just 5-foot-6, 172 pounds, Rocco Grimaldi's transition into professional hockey will be about much more than overcoming their size. A center by trade for the majority of their career, Grimaldi led all University of North Dakota players with 17 goals and 39 points in 42 games during their final collegiate season. Now, a logjam at the center position may force them to the right wing in order to both fill the team's needs and expedite their journey to the NHL.
Having dabbled as a winger throughout various stages of their career, Grimaldi's departure from the faceoff dot should be a smooth one. Having already played alongside center Vincent Trocheck at the 2013 World Junior Championships in Ufa, Russia, I wouldn't be surprised to see Grimaldi on Trocheck's wing once again during this week's rookie tournament.
While the added work of learning a new position will make Grimaldi's week tougher than others, the upbeat 21-year old won't shy away from the task.
"Obviously if playing in the NHL was easy, then everyone would play," Grimaldi said in July. "I knew it was going to be hard, but those are just the sacrifices you're willing to make. If that means not being able to hang out with your friends for a night and training instead, then so be it. This is a business now. This is my job. I'm going to do whatever I can to do the best at my job".
CODY PAYNE CONTINUES TO CHASE CHILDHOOD DREAM WITH PANTHERS
One of the feel-good stories of development camp, Florida natives Cody Payne and Colin Suellentrop were given an opportunity to try out for the Panthers in July. Now, only one remains.
A hulking right winger at 6-foot-2, 220 pounds, Payne, 20, will be extending their dream run with the Panthers for at least another week.
Growing up in Weston, Fla., Payne has lived and breathed Panthers hockey since childhood, and credits the team with helping them get to where they are now.
"The first time I really caught on to hockey is my dad took me to the draft down here [at the now BB&T Center] in 2000 when Stephen Weiss got drafted," Payne said at development camp. "He was kind of the first Panther I ever saw. Really the Panthers influenced me from a very young age."
A fifth-round pick of the Boston Bruins in 2012, Payne has spent the past five seasons playing in the Ontario Hockey League, most recently with the Saginaw Spirit. In their final season with Saginaw, they scored 26 goals and 35 points in just 57 games.
PANTHERS HOPE TO FIND A GEM AMONG NCAA TRY OUTS
It's no secret that Panthers general manager Dale Tallon has an affinity for college hockey players. In fact, Florida paced the NHL with a total of 14 prospects in their system playing NCAA hockey during last season alone.
Hoping to find a diamond in the rough, Tallon has invited seven former NCAA hockey players to prospects camp on a try-out basis. These players include: Andrew Blazek (Robert Morris University), Keevin Cutting (University of New Brunswick), Liam Heelis (Arcadia University), Stephen MacAulay (St. Mary's University), Michael Quinn (University of Alaska-Fairbanks), Stephan Vigier (northern Michigan University) and Clarke Saunders (University of North Dakota).
Of these players, the one name that should stand out is Alaska-Fairbanks defenseman Michael Quinn. A four-year starter with the Nanooks, Quinn, 23, finished their collegiate career with nine goals and 49 assists in 129 games. Never afraid to put themselves in the line of fire, they finished as the nation's fourth-leading blocker during the 2013-14 regular season with 82 blocked shots.
While every try out projects to be a longshot candidate to earn a contract, any player willing to sacrifice their body for the good of the team will always have a chance.
CAN SAM BRITTAIN CEMENT HIMSELF AS THE TEAM'S TOP-GOALIE PROSPECT?
Joined in net by Jacob DeSerres (University of Calgary) and Clarke Saunders (University of North Dakota), former University of Denver goaltender Sam Brittain stands out the Panthers' de facto No. 1 goaltender at this week's camp.
Signed to a three-year, entry-level deal this summer, Brittain is one of just two goaltending prospects currently under contract with the Panthers. A fourth-round pick in the 2010 draft, Brittain posted a 19-14-6 record with a 2.22 goals-against average and .929 save percentage in their final season with the Pioneers. For their efforts, Brittain was nominated for the inaugural Mike Richtar Award as one of the NCAA's top goaltenders.
Likely to receive a large amount of ice time during this week's rookie tournament, Brittain will need to make the most of their opportunity if they hope to supplant either Michael Houser or Dan Ellis in San Antonio. With no surefire goaltending prospects currently in their system, a solid performance this week could propel Brittain up the Panthers depth chart.
"I understand that there are guys ahead of me, but I'm just going to work my hardest and impress as many people as I can along the way." Brittain said of their spot on the team's depth chart. "I think the biggest thing for me is taking care of what I can do. I can't worry about how the other guys are going to play or what the coaches are going to do. I've just got to do my best and work my hardest no matter what happens."
You can follow Jameson Olive on Twitter @JamesonCoop or email them at JamesonOlive@gmail.com.
“No spitting, throwing cigars, cigarettes, and any other shmutz on the floor.” It's not a sign you'd typically expect to see in an American synagogue. But this Yiddish sign once hung at Congregation Ahavas Achim Anshe Sefarad in Revere, Massachusetts, which closed in 1998 after nearly eight decades.
“That's one of my favorite signs,” said Rabbi Michael Strassfeld, pointing out that the English word “floor” is spelled phonetically in Yiddish letters. “It very much demonstrates the story of acculturation. It's funny to read English words written in Yiddish. But it shows how Yiddish speakers began to use English and Yiddish words interchangeably.”
Strassfeld is a retired New York City rabbi and the author of several books on Jewish life, practice, and spirituality, including The Jewish Catalog series, which they co-edited.
But these days, racing against time, Strassfeld is on a mission to preserve signs from American synagogues that are closing, renovating, or simply cleaning up. “These signs are unique, one or two of a kind,” explained Strassfeld, who has salvaged more than 300 signs from about 50 synagogues in the Northeast. “Once they are lost, they are really lost.”
Strassfeld's father, the late rabbi Meyer Strassfeld, gave them their first sign in 1965—right before the family moved, along with many Jewish families heading to the suburbs, from the Mattapan section of Boston to Marblehead, Massachusetts. Written in beautiful Yiddish calligraphy, the sign, “Fixed Regulations: Shomer Shabbat Hevre,” declares that one must be Shabbat-observant to lead services, receive an aliyah to the Torah, or duchan (recite the priestly blessing).
Unfortunately, the sign's history and origins remain shrouded in mystery. To this day, Strassfeld is puzzled why the sign lists rules that were not required by the large Orthodox synagogues in this former Jewish neighborhood. Was the objective to clarify rules? Inspire worshippers to observe higher religious standards? Or was this a breakaway, stricter minyan that met in a private home?
In any case, Strassfeld never expected that this sign, which they received as a young teenager, would still inspire them today. “At the time, I did not realize that it was a part of history, or that 50 years later I would be on a mission to salvage synagogue signs from the dumpster,” they explained. “I just knew that it was unusual and interesting.”
Strassfeld's extensive collection, which now includes both simple handwritten signs and meticulously calligraphed folk art, provides a pictorial history of the 20th century Eastern European Jewish immigration and acculturation experience, beginning in the 1920s. This set of signs parallels the journey from Eastern European immigrant to American citizen and provides historical insights into synagogue rules and etiquette, religious practices, high holidays, American patriotism, and Jewish education, as well as the Americanization of the Yiddish language.
As a graduate student in Jewish history at Brandeis University in the 1970s, Strassfeld made their maiden sign “discovery” at Congregation Linas Ha-zedek beis Yisrael in Chelsea, Massachusetts, which was closing after seven decades. At first glance, this colorful sign seems like an ordinary announcement, in Yiddish, that lists the hours for selling chametz to the rabbi before Passover, a custom still observed today. Yet, as Strassfeld explained, rabbis once depended on the gratuity from the symbolic selling of leavened food to supplement their incomes.
At the time, Strassfeld was not actively looking to collect or salvage signs. Rather, when they visited the shul with the late Richard Israel, then executive director of Hillel of Greater Boston, they sensed that this was something interesting.
Soon afterward, upon moving to New York, they learned about the closing of Congregation Mesilath Yesharim, on Walton Avenue in the South Bronx, formerly the hub of a vibrant Jewish community.
The red-white-and-blue bilingual sign pictured here announces Hebrew school registration in both Yiddish and English. The sign reflects Americanized Yiddish, with the English word “registration” written in Yiddish letters. The English version reads, “Send them in our Hebrew School,” rather than “to our Hebrew school,” indicating that perhaps the sign was translated from Yiddish by a non-native speaker.
The use of English in neighborhoods of second settlement such as the Bronx shows an endeavor to keep younger English-speaking Jews in the fold, according to NYU historian Hasia Diner. And the red-white-and blue color scheme, characteristic of many signs in this collection, offers an apparent response to the significant anti-Semitism rampant between the First and Second World Wars. “Jews found their participation as a way to underscore their patriotism. Now that we are in an anti-immigration era, it's easy to understand why you want to prove that you are loyal to America,” said Jonathan Sarna, who teaches history at Brandeis. “Patriotism was at its peak during the war years. Jews sought to document their war-dead partly because anti-Semites claimed that Jews profited, rather than participated in the war.”
For example, until it closed in 2008, Congregation Beth Israel of Quincy, Massachusetts, proudly displayed the sign, “For God and Country, They Serve,” in honor of Jewish war veterans.
Nevertheless, not all immigrant Jews joined synagogues. “The idea of belonging to a synagogue and paying dues was a very American idea,” said Diner. Many Eastern European immigrants attended services only on the high holidays, either because they needed to work on Saturday, had forsaken religion, or, living in a largely Jewish neighborhood, did not need a synagogue to meet other Jews.
Hence, fierce competition existed to sell tickets for high-holiday seats, with signs announcing visiting guest rabbis or cantors. This bilingual sign from Congregation Hebrew Tabernacle in the Bronx is apparently trying to attract younger Jews with its announcement of “the well-known and young cantor.” Not everyone purchased tickets, as a sign from a defunct Brooklyn synagogue indicates, “Entrance for ticket holders only, rear entrance for those wishing to say Yiskor.”
Synagogues had money problems, then as now. Signs address such topics as giving donations only to authorized individuals, giving the first donation (apparently for an aliyah) to the shul, and soliciting money during services. “No collecting charity from barchu until after the kedusha and during Torah reading,” read this sign from Congregation Anshe Sfarad in Borough Park.
Tracking down discarded signs depends on maintaining a network of contacts, proactively reaching out to rabbis and synagogue organizations, and scouring newspaper articles for synagogue closings. Occasionally, leads come to Strassfeld from unexpected sources, like the contractor who was gutting a Manhattan building and unearthed heavy marble tablets from the Proskurover Zion Congregation, a now defunct shul in the East Village. And Strassfeld also relies on, naturally, on a Google alert for notifications about synagogue closings.
Persistence has paid off with some unique treasures. At Congregation Shaare Zion (the “Orange Street shul”) in Chelsea, Massachusetts, which closed in 1999, an elderly couple told Strassfeld that no items remained. But upon searching the basement, they discovered a beautiful calligraphed list of members of a “Hevre mishnayot” (Mishna study group), which included names of women, dating back to 1924.
After years of scouring trash bins, storage containers, and moldy basements, and following up on false leads, you'd think Strassfeld might grow weary. Time and time again, after doggedly pursuing a lead, they have come up empty-handed, perhaps because signs had been tossed during a renovation project or what's remaining is badly water-damaged. Yet today, their determination is greater than ever. “I don't believe people when they say there is nothing you will want. I am happy to find one or two signs,” they explained. “These synagogue signs are part of a larger American-Jewish story. There are signs today that convey values and concerns that are different from 50 or 75 or 100 years ago. We are now writing another chapter of this ongoing Jewish story.”
***
Like this article? Sign up for our Daily Digest to get Tablet Magazine's new content in your inbox each morning.
Paula Jacobs is a writer in the Boston area.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
This week will be a tough one for TSA's public relations team due to two new findings. One, a GAO report, highlights the TSA's failure to conduct risk assessments for 87% of US airports and the uncertain record of the agency's behavior detection program. The other report, released by the Department of Homeland Security, revealed that there were 25,000 breaches of TSA security since 2001, including weapons brought on planes. Both were the subject of a heated hearing yesterday by the House Subcommittee on National Security, Homeland Defense and Foreign Operations.
Subcommittee Chairman Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), who's chastised the TSA in the past, once again voiced their lack of confidence in the organization in light of the 25,000 security breaches. “These are just the ones we know about,” Chaffetz said, “it's a stunningly high number.” Chaffetz characterized TSA's services as ineffective “security theater.” “We have to be right all the time,” they said, “terrorists only have to get lucky once.”
Chaffetz is right to be concerned about security, as the GAO's report says that TSA isn't even close to meeting current standards for detecting explosives in checked luggage. It took TSA four years to begin meeting 2005 requirements, and it looks like meeting current standards will be delayed similarly, if they're ever instituted. “We found that TSA did not have a plan to deploy and operate electronic detection systems to meet the most recent requirements,” the report says [emphasis mine]. “As of January 2011, some of the electronic detection systems in TSA's fleet are detecting explosives at the level established by the 2005 requirements,” and some were operating at the 1998 level of detection.
While TSA's checked baggage scanning is still far behind, TSA is using a program to detect potential terrorists based on their body language. The program, Screening of Passengers by Observation Techniques (SPOT), has been lauded by Department of Homeland Security as being more effective than random screenings, but GAO isn't buying it. The GAO says that DHS's data collection wasn't good enough to verify a link between a certain behavior and terrorist activity. And anyway, “it is not known if the SPOT program has ever resulted in the arrest of anyone who is a terrorist, or who was planning to engage in terrorist-related activity.” This is really unfortunate, as last year DHS spent $212 million on the program and employed 3000 behavior-detection officers. This year, DHS wants an additional $20 million so it can employ 350 more officers. That seems like a lot of money and employees for a program that doesn't actually work. GAO notes that it would have been a good idea if DHS scientifically assessed the program's potential effectiveness before it was rolled out in 161 airports across the country.
Here's a chart I made of the SPOT program's results for FY2010. You'll notice that “terrorism” is not one of the reasons people were charged.
A series of private meetings (the most recent was this morning) at Boise City Hall failed in a last-ditch effort to save this year's Curb Cup. Participants in the hush-hush sessions included representatives from the mayor's office, Boise's Department of Arts and History, the Downtown Boise Association, and Mark Rivers, founder of the unique event.
"We simply ran out of time," Terri Schorzman, arts and history director, told Cobweb. "That was it. Mark said they had too many things on their plate, and we thought it was more important to start working on next year's event."
On May 17, Rivers complained that the event took too much time and money.
"It's a great event," said Rivers. "But it's a big burden and it's a big expense."
Schorzman said they expected the group to begin meeting at the end of this year or early 2012 to begin planning, "In the hope that we again can see Boise's sidewalks filled with performers on the last Sunday in August on an annual basis."
The Senate Democrats' move last year to eliminate filibusters on most nominations — it now takes only a simple majority to confirm — has helped President Obama dramatically increase their impact on the federal judiciary for years to come.
Obama, approaching the end of their sixth year in office, is on track to put 305 judges on the federal bench — 252 on district (trial) courts and 53 on appeals courts. At this point, he's well ahead of George W. Bush's 256 total appointments at the six-year mark and close to Bush's final total of 324 appointees. He's just six behind Bill Clinton's six-year total.
But in January, Obama will, for the first time in their presidency, face a Republican-controlled Senate. And the GOP rancor sparked by the Democrats' November 2013 rule change — known as the “nuclear option” — could well limit future confirmations. In addition, a bipartisan deal struck in 2013 that greatly shortened the amount of debate required for judicial nominees is set to expire next year.
Even so, Obama's impact on the courts has been dramatic. As we wrote in May, when Obama took office in 2009, 10 of the 13 U.S. courts of appeal had Republican majorities. Now, nine of them have Democratic majorities.
With the last dozen pending judicial nominees confirmed Tuesday night, the filibuster change has boosted Obama's total judicial confirmations this year to 89, by far their highest yearly total and the second-highest among the last three presidents. (Clinton had 99 confirmed in 1994, and Bush's high was 72 in 2002.)
What's more, the nation's courts are approaching what might be called “full employment” status. Only seven of the judiciary's 179 appeals court seats are vacant, according to the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts. And only 31 of the country's 677 district court seats were unfilled when the Senate adjourned Wednesday.
“There's no doubt it had an impact,” said the Brookings Institution's Russell Wheeler, an expert on the federal judiciary, especially on the appeals courts, though it's unclear whether the effect is “limited or massive.” There are multiple variables in play.
For example, 15 judges have been confirmed with fewer than the 60 votes that had previously been required to overcome a filibuster, according to statistics compiled by the Alliance for Justice.
But it's not clear whether some of those voting “nay” were voting against the nominee or in protest of the rule change.
On the other hand, Wheeler said, it's clear that, before the rule change, the Senate was confirming only 71 percent of Obama's appeals court nominees and 77 percent of their district court nominees. The rule change allowed Obama to boost the overall confirmation rate for their presidency to more than 90 percent — slightly higher than Clinton's or Bush's.
That success has come at a cost. Republicans, enraged by Senate Majority Leader ­Harry Reid's action, retaliated by slowing the confirmation process, forcing recorded votes to end debate on virtually all judicial and executive branch nominees — many of whom were eventually unanimously, or nearly unanimously, confirmed.
As a result, lifetime-appointee judges on the bench and hundreds of ambassadorial and other executive branch nominees were forced to wait many months in limbo.
Historically, most judicial nominees, especially those for district court seats, got confirmed “pretty easily,” said Doug Kendall, president of the Constitutional Accountability Center. Democrats are, of course, hardly blame-free when it comes to blocking Republican judicial nominees. But this time, Kendall noted, “it took the nuclear option” to break through the solid GOP opposition to Obama's picks.
The difference is especially pronounced on some appeals courts — especially the District of Columbia Circuit, where federal legislation and regulations are often reviewed. (It was the heated dispute over Obama's nominees to that court that helped trigger the nuclear option.)
The question for court watchers these days is, now that the Republicans have retaken the Senate with a 54-to-46 majority, has Obama seen their last judicial nominees confirmed?
“No one knows where the rank-and-file are on this question,” Kendall said.
Some observers have predicted that Republicans would also be certain to block Obama's nominees. But other observers, on both sides, believe otherwise.
For one thing, both Clinton and George W. Bush got more than 60 judges confirmed in their last two years in office, though the opposing party controlled the Senate, according to Kyle Barry of the liberal Alliance for Justice.
“It would be myopic,” they wrote recently, to look at the GOP anger over the filibuster rule change and “conclude that, with a Republican majority, the confirmation process will grind to a halt.”
The filibuster change “meant that Republicans knew that, no matter how strong a case they had against a nominee, the nominee would likely be confirmed,” said Ed Whelan, who heads the conservative Ethics and Public Policy Center.
But it is “an unrealistic expectation that there will be zero judges confirmed over the next two years,” Whelan said.
“Republican senators will have lots of leverage over nominations,” they said, “but if the White House makes reasonable efforts to accommodate them, there's plenty of room for deals.”
Senate Democrats and Republicans have continued their heated debate over the effect of the rule change.
Democrats have reveled over the past week over Obama's judicial confirmation rates and the huge increase in their appointees on the courts.
“There are clearly a number of nominees that wouldn't have gotten through without the change in rules,” Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.), a first-year student who is part of the large contingent of relatively new Democrats who pushed Reid to make the move, told our colleague Paul Kane. “I think it was a common-sense rules change, and I think this last week has borne out the importance of getting it done.”
Veteran Republicans counter that the overwhelming majority of the nominees would have won confirmation under the old rules as well, and that the only big change was the ability to stack the D.C. Circuit — the second most important federal bench.
“They took the most damaging step to the ability of the Senate to be a consensus-building institution, in the Senate's history, and they got nothing out of it except three circuit judges, and they made it harder for them to confirm everybody else,” Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.), said Tuesday. Alexander negotiated previous efforts to avert the unilateral rule change.
Alexander pointed out that Clinton dealt with a GOP majority in the Senate in their sixth year — during which, according to the Alliance for Justice data, they were able to get 65 judges confirmed. The Republican retaliation has been to force Reid to jump through every procedural hurdle for almost every nominee coming down the pike, meaning that traditions such as approving many lower court nominees by a unanimous voice vote has almost disappeared.
Reid “dug a big hole, not just for themselves but for the Senate and the president,” Alexander said.
— With Colby Itkowitz
Twitter: @KamenInTheLoop, @ColbyItkowitz
Taller than Big Ben and longer than 13 London buses, billionaire Russian's €400m luxury vessel kept in dock over disputed bills to shipbuilder
One of the world's largest sailing yachts has been impounded in Gibraltar over claims that its billionaire Russian owner owes the shipbuilder €15.3m (£13.3m).
The Gibraltar Port Authority impounded the €400m “Sailing Yacht A” as it was on its way to be delivered to industrialist Andrey Melnichenko, following a legal filing from the German shipbuilder that constructed the futuristic-looking vessel.
The 143m-long Bermuda-registered yacht, which has three masts taller than Big Ben's clock tower, left the Kiel shipyard of superyacht builder Nobiskrug two weeks ago to conduct final sea trials before being handed over to Melnichenko. But on Wednesday two Gibraltarian “ship keepers” took control of the Philippe Starck designed yacht, which is longer than 13 London buses and features a helipad, onboard swimming pool, and underwater observation pod.
Gibraltar Admiralty marshal Liam Yeats, said: “The vessel is under arrest and is currently at anchor in British Gibraltar Territorial Waters.”
“In the volatile world of shipping, particularly in the recent economic downturn, disputes and defaults are an unfortunate fact of life,” the Gibraltar Port Authority says on its website. “[Ship arrest] isn't an attractive proposition, and clearly it's an action of last resort but, when handled efficiently and swiftly, it can at least deliver a safe resolution to a dispute and bring matters to a close.”
Superyachts and bragging rights: why the super-rich love their ‘floating homes' Read more
Court papers show Nobiskrug is seeking an outstanding payment of €9.8m, as well as €5.5m for subcontractors and interest charges. The claims are made against Valla Yachts Ltd, the Bermuda company to which the yacht is registered. These are disputed costs in arbitration.
Relations between Melnichenko and the shipbuilders appears to have soured rapidly since the ship left the Nobiskrug yard. Upon its debut the shipbuilder's managing director, Holger Kahl, said: “Born from the desire of the owner to ‘push the boundaries of engineering and challenge the status quo of the industry', Sailing Yacht A is undoubtedly one of the most visionary projects Nobiskrug has ever been involved in.”
A spokesperson for Melnichenko, who controls a $13.2bn fertiliser and coal fortune, said the shipbuilder's decision to file court papers for the yacht to be impounded was “an astounding act for a shipbuilder of Nobiskrug's standing”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sailing Yacht A detained over debt claim of€15m in Gibraltar. Photograph: Action Press/Rex/Shutterstock
“The facts are that with a project of this magnitude there are sometimes outstanding issues to be resolved,” the spokesperson told YachtHarbour.com. “We assumed the matter was progressing to a resolution as Nobiskrug were happy to release the yacht on 5 February to the owner's project team for further works to be carried out in Spain. The money was paid by the owner the following day into an escrow account pending a resolution of the discussions. All monies now being claimed are in arbitration and we understand these disputes fall under arbitration in the UK courts.”
The spokesperson later said “a technical problem” was being resolved and said the ship would be released in a few days and the “unpleasant episode” would be over.
As the vessel made its way to Spain earlier this month, Melnichenko's project director, Dirk Kloosterman, who also helped build Larry Ellison's Rising Sun and Melnichenko's previous superyacht “Motor Yacht A”, said: “This has been the most challenging assignment of my career. I am confident Sailing Yacht A will be the world's greatest yacht in terms of design and technology for the years ahead.
World's largest superyacht: a floating private members' club for billionaires Read more
“Her beauty is breathtaking, and Philippe Starck's astonishing design and ultimate vision will be the subject of many conversations wherever they travel around the globe. We look forward to the final delivery to the owner.”
Melnichenko is said to have chosen to name their yachts “A” so that they appear first in shipping registers. Sailing Yacht A, which requires 54 crew to operate, has eight decks connected by several lifts, and is capable of achieving speeds of 35 knots downwind.
The unique carbon fibre masts can withstand 90 knots of wind with full sail up, the equivalent to a category 2 hurricane or hanging two double-decker buses from each tip.
• This article was amended on 9 March 2017 to clarify that the outstanding payment was disputed costs in arbitration. An earlier version of the article incorrectly described the boat as the world's largest sailing yacht.
TELESKOF, Iraq (Reuters) - Inside the newly renovated Church of Saint George in the Northern Iraqi town of Teleskof, Hayat Chamoun Daoud led children dressed as Santa Claus singing “Jingle Bells” in Aramaic.
Like every other resident of Teleskof, this was Daoud's first Christmas back home in three years, since Islamic State militants overran their town and forcibly displaced its 12,000-strong Chaldean Christian community.
“It's so special to be back in my church, the church where I got married, the church I raised my children in,” the school principal said, tears in their eyes.
Faced with a choice to convert, pay a tax or die, Daoud, like many other Christians in the Nineveh Plains, chose to flee. Most sought refuge in nearby towns and cities, but many sought permanent asylum abroad. Though the militants were only in Teleskof for a few days, residents only began returning home earlier this year.
On Sunday, they celebrated their first Christmas together again at the town's main church, which was overflowing. Hundreds of congregants, dressed in their finest, poured in to pray and receive communion from Father Salar Bodagh, who later lit the traditional bonfire in the church's courtyard, a symbol of renewal they said.
‘JOY SOAKED IN TEARS'
Despite the obvious joys of being able to celebrate openly once again, it was a bittersweet Christmas for most across the Nineveh Plains, the epicenter of Iraq's ancient Christian communities which can trace their history in the country back two millennia.
Though Iraq declared full victory over the militants just two weeks ago after a brutal three-year war, the damage done to Christian enclaves was extensive, and left many wondering whether they could overcome their recent history.
Islamic State ravaged Christian areas, looting and burning down homes and churches, stripping them of all valuable artifacts and smashing relics.
The damage in Qaraqosh, a town 15 km (10 miles) west of Mosul also known as Hamdaniya, was extensive, particularly to the town's ancient churches.
Iraqi Christian children attend a mass at Church of Saint George in Teleskof, Iraq December 24, 2017. REUTERS/Ari Jalal
At the Syrian Catholic Church of the Immaculate, congregants gathered for midnight Mass on Sunday surrounded by scorched and blackened walls, still tagged with Islamic State graffiti. They also sat on donated plastic chairs - the church has not yet been able to replace the wooden pews the militants used to fuel the massive fire which engulfed the church.
Most families will require tens of thousands of dollars to repair their homes and replace their stolen goods. But most say they can overcome the material damage, unlike the forced separation of their families.
Before the militant onslaught, Qaraqosh was the largest Christian settlement in Iraq, with a population of more than 50,000. But today, only a few hundred families have returned. Entire congregations have moved overseas, such as the Syriac Orthodox congregation of the Church of Mart Shmony.
On Saturday afternoon, Father Butros Kappa, the head of Qaraqosh's Church of the Immaculate was trying hard to summon any sense of hope to deliver their congregation during Christmas Mass.
“We'll have a Christmas Mass like in previous years, but this year, ours will be a joy soaked in tears, because all of our people have left Iraq,” said Father Kappa.
Holding Mass in the singed and upturned ruins of their church was therefore important, they said, “to remind everyone that despite the tragedies that have befallen us, we're still here.”
‘NO FUTURE FOR US'
In Teleskof, 30 km (20 miles) north of Mosul and itself one of the oldest continuing Christian communities in the world, some families were skipping Mass altogether upset at their forced dispersal.
“We usually celebrate with our entire family,” said Umm Rita, as they prepared the traditional Christmas Day dish of pacha (sheep's head, trotters and stomach all slowly boiled) at their home. “But how can we be happy this year? Our brothers and sisters, even my own daughter, their husband and child I've never met have all moved away.”
Community leaders estimate more than 7,000 of Teleskof's residents are now scattered across Iraq and it's semi-autonomous Kurdistan Region, the United States, Australia, Germany, Lebanon and Jordan.
Slideshow (12 Images)
Amid ongoing tensions between the central government in Baghdad and Iraq's Kurds after a referendum on Kurdish independence was held over Baghdad's objections in September, Teleskof's residents fear violence once again. “We just want to live in peace,” said Umm Rita. “We are more anxious now than when Islamic State was in our homes.”
“Our community has been gutted,” said Firas Abdelwahid, a 76-year-old former state oil employee, of the thousands who have sought permanent shelter overseas. Watching children play by the church bonfire, they felt melancholy.
“But what do we expect? The past is tragic, the present is desperate and well, there is no future for us Christians in Iraq.”
